5	I hate to admit it (because I usually avoid ultra trendy places like an ex boyfriend) but I love Postino.  It used to be an old post office, thus the name.  It is now a wine bar that serves "light fare."  There are not too many places with this kind of atmosphere in the Valley -- very California.  One of the walls is a giant garage door that they roll up so the whole place is open.  Little couches and coffee tables are mixed in with tables and high tops for a variety of seating choices.  The bathrooms are lovely, clean, and lit by candles.  The salads are my favorite in Phoenix and the bruschetta is out of this world.   Come early, get your table and enjoy!
4	one of my favorite places around!  if you're from around phoenix, you are bound to run into someone you know.  trendy, but you won't feel out of place in jeans like a lot of old town scottsdale places.  like the last reviewer, i highly recommend the bruschetta - it is reason enough to visit postino, even if you hate wine.  but i really hope that's not the case.i would have given 5 stars - but it's just so crowded most of the time.and parking is a disaster.
1	Visiting Postino Wine Cafe makes me feel like I am in another city... an urban, metro, pedestrian city such as San Francisco. Its casual, yet sophisticated and quite enjoyable. I recently visited Postino with two friends and had the Bruschetta -- we selected the Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil, the Smoked Salmon and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Thumbs up on all of these yummy appetizers! The clientele is a hip, diverse crowd reflective of its gentrified, charming neighborhood of mid-century ranch homes, and yet just a hop from the Biltmore and Arcadia neighborhoods. Ah... Phoenix is growing up! Wish I knew more about wines to tell you more about that. It appeared to be a nice selection and there were bottles you can buy to take home as well. Parking is a challenge, however I will definitely be back.http://www.postinowinecafe.com/Update: Postino's is one of many restaurants/bars in AZ that permits concealed weapons without permits and is noted on the Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association in their CCW Cafe page: http://www.asrpa.com/ccwcafe.html For that reason I am reducing the previously 5-star rating to 1-star.
5	I'd heard so much about Postino that I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype. Happily, it did! The atmosphere, the food, and the wine all measure up at Postino, the place that started the uber-urban renaissance at 40th and Campbell.Postino is upscale, but not pretentious. The bruschetta really is out of this world, but the salads are incredible, too. Went there for lunch on a Friday and loved the diversity of the crowd. I also liked it that the noise level was reasonable, even when the place was packed.
5	One of my favorite places in Phoenix, that I don't frequent nearly enough.  Great selection of wines by the glass.  The atmosphere is sexy, industrial pseudo-warehouse, I-don't-think-I'm-in-Phoenix type lounge.  I think on Tuesdays they have a live DJ in the mix.  It's more of a wine bar than a restaurant and the menu reflects that - with the heaviest of items being their paninis.  The autostrada panini comes loaded with several meats (soppresatta and prosciutto among them) and cheeses and is amazing.UPDATE - Great service just recently.  A bit of a wait, but forgot about it because of the great servers - Michelle I think, was one of them.  Just had a Tobin syrah that was incredible...
5	I love this place!  It's a fun place to sit and relax and sip a glass of vino.  Be sure to order the bruschetta...I especially love the figs and prosciutto.
5	Located at the SW corner of 40th St. and Campbell.  This entire corner is now owned by an enterprising young couple who ingeniously converted the old post office to a wine bar featuring fresh aperitifs and lite gourmet pizza!  They did such a fab job on the remodel they were written up in Architects Digest some 8 years ago (or more) when they opened.  It's become something of a low key meeting hub with "great date" written all over the place.  Any given night of the week you will find this place a' buzz!  So plan on a wait, unless it's early in the evening or very early in the week - like Monday.  Open for lunch and open late; again with some candied confections that could make a girl on a diet cry.  Look cute, because this is where the beautiful people hang out in Phoenix, sans attitude.  Moderately priced.
4	I LOVE this place, but I have to admit, it's really not a 'date' place. Well, let me clrify, it's not a good 'first date' place. The converted post office has terrible acoustics and it gets REALLY loud in there. Unless you know someone really well, you might feel a little awkward yelling at them, or saying 'What?!' after everything they say.And, while the brushettas are AMAZINGLY delicious - i swear by the prosciutto, it is to die for - it is definitely not pretty to eat; capers flying across the table and gnawing through the crunchy bread like a rabid dog. but, i love going there with good friends and my boyfriend. the servers aren't snobs and they will help you pick a bottle even if you just tell them, 'uh, i like red, yeah, red wine is awesome' without rolling their eyes. the crowd can look very scottsdale, but the attitude is not, so don't get discouraged when you walk in a see business men in suits and lots of tan legs and blonde hair.the menu is just appetizers, but i guess you can order pizzas from La Grande Orange (please don't call it 'LGO,' that's lame) which is right across the parking lot and owned by the DeMarcos as well. I've never had it but it comes highly recommended.oh! and they waive corking fees on monday nights, but other than that, i don't think they many specials- too bad.
4	Cute little trendy-looking place! I was in town visiting family and my cousins brought me here. I don't know anything about wine... I just drink what people tell me to drink. :) But I had a pinot grigio and it was very good.My favorites were the Prosciutto with Figs and Mascarpone, Brie with Apples and Fig Spread, and Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese Bruschettas. I also shared the antipasto plate, but I wasn't too impressed with that. My friend had a raspberry chicken salad and that looked really good, but I didn't have room to try any.I can't remember exactly what I had, but the desserts were very good.It's hard to carry on a conversation here, though. It was pretty crowded and loud. The service was a little slow, but it looked like they were really busy and one of our servers looked a little too stressed out...Also, the toilet in the ladies bathroom was clogged, so we couldn't flush. Ew.
5	I love this place!  I just recently moved to San Francisco from Arizona, but I already made sure to visit it on my first trip back.  I have never brought someone there and had them not like it. The atmosphere is great - small and cozy, and very warmly decorated for a former post office.  The wine list is comprehensive for both the white and red wine enthusiasts, and the servers are willing to make recommendations off of the list from their cellar.   Service is typically good unless they are super busy (Friday and Saturday).In addition to the wine choices, the bruschetta is awesome!  My favorite is the red pepper goat cheese, but I've also heard very good things about the proscuitto/mascarpone/fig one.  You order a sampler of four different types at a time - and there is a pretty even mix of vegetarian and meat options.The only problem is that location is less than desirable for people in the SE Valley - it is a far drive from Chandler or Gilbert to the Arcadia neighborhood in Phoenix.  Here's a tip though: when you get there, don't wait for someone to leave or pay for the valet parking in the crowded lot, there is plenty of parking available for free in the side streets nearby.
5	I totally heart this place. The food is great - for a wine bar. You can actually eat dinner, and leave not feeling like you filled up on cheese and olives the whole time. Plus the wait staff is great.  You will have to wait on a Saturday/Friday night - but who is in a  rush then anyway? It reminds me of a neighborhood place in San Fran...a must-go in Phoenix.
5	One of my favorite spots in PHX, I make a trip almost every time I'm in town.  The food selection is limited but good, there's an admirable wine selection but the atmosphere is unlike anything else in PHX.  I highly recommend.
3	Nothing too special about the place - the wine list is OK, and the bruchetta is really good, but besides that? The bar is set up awkwardly to where you don't feel much intimacy with those you are there with - it's like one big common standing area where people give you a look when you ask them to kindly excuse you as you make your way through. I've only gone there though to have apps and a glass of wine, so maybe the seated dining experience is where it's at...
5	Also on my sweltering trip to Phoenix I visited this place.  My good friend's brother is one of the bartenders (Sam) so we had to check it out. Sat at the bar for a late afternoon lunch.  Started off with a glass of champagne just because I was on vacation and I could :)   We also had some champagne mixers they were making specially that day that were really nice.I had some trouble deciding what to eat since the menu all looks so tasty but i went with the bruchetta.  I mean, come on, you get to choose 4 toppings, how could I not!  I even had a hard time choosing only 4!  I had the apple with brie and fig spread (my favorite), roasted red pepper with goat cheese (very good), prosciutto with figs and marscapone (wow) and salami with pesto (great).  All of this for $12 and HUGE!  Four heaping pieces of bread cut into four pieces each.  My friend also got the roasted artichoke one which was just as delicious.  Three glasses of champagne and more bruschetta than I could possibly eat I was extremely satisfied.  I've been actually thinking lately...where can I get this delicious food in LA?
4	I really enjoy Postino. It's so comfortable and a real class act. Of course the wines are delish, the crowd is hip, and the food is yum. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is solely because there's practically no reason for me to go here, which may be my own damn fault for being a relative homebody given my employment (concierge). I wouldn't go here for an after-shift glass of wine, just because I know it will be swamped. And especially if I'm alone I will avoid this place. And if I'm looking for romance, well, the packed thing nixes that idea and they don't take reservations. I would suggest this place, however, for cougars and other single types.
2	Postino has nice food, but the lack of parking necessitates that you use a valet which I really dislike. Plus it is so noisy that it is hard to be heard. The trendy people all coiffed and pretty means that people ARE noticing whether or not you are in Gucci's or something you got from Marshall's. On the plus side, there ARE loads of  "pretty people" to oogle. :) There are many nice places to eat in this part of town that have less attitude, ample parking and where you can actually have a nice conversation.
4	Unlike Radio Milano, I am a big fan of Postino. The wine list is extensive, the roast beef panini is awesome and fulfilling, and how can you not love their bruschetta?  It's a great place to hang out with friends and chill. I am over most of the nightlife in Phoenix, but Postino is one of those places I don't mind coming on any given day. One downpart is the wait. A couple years ago, it was pretty easy to stroll in around 8pm on a Friday night and get a table. But, this is more a testament that Postino is a great place to hang out than anything else. Another disappointment is the fact refills are not free. Postino is one of my favorite places, and I hope this place doesn't fall victim to becoming a Radio Milano or now LGO (which has disappointed me as of late).
4	Oh heck yes.  I really like Postino.  The atmosphere is laid back (the dress ranged from t-shirts and shorts to sun dresses and collared shirts) the wines are good and the food is really good.  I do wish the wine list was more extensive though, especially for a wine bar.  The service is really friendly and attentive, although my husband didn't really go for the wine our server suggested to him.   The bruschetta is fantastic and the cheese plate is ginormous.  Its good to try to get there a little early (think 4pm or earlier) because it does filly up and the parking lot is tiny.  (Or you can fork over the $3 for valet)   Seriously though, I think it must be the tiniest parking lot in Arizona, its like something you'd find in Boston!\Update:  I chose to have my birthday dinner at Postino because I wanted something casual and fun.  Postino fits the bill.  I called and made a reservation for 12 which was no problem.  (They did take my credit card information which I am totally used to doing for large groups)  We arrived and were seated promptly with great service throughout the night.I was told when I made the reservation that if I wanted to bring in cake there would be a cutting charge but I could bring in something from Tammie Coe with no extra charge.  I purchased cupcakes and completely forgot about them until we were at Merc Bar later that night!  I called Postino and they were nice enough to hold them for me (again- they had held them from when Tammie Coe closed that afternoon until our reservation)  and I was able to get them the next day.  Cupcakes for breakfast!I've eaten here several times now and I'm never dissapointed....not in the bruschetta or the salads.  One day I'll try a sandwich I'm sure....if only the bruschetta wasn't so yummy!
4	I enjoy the food hereHowever, I found it to be ridiculously overpriced4 friends, $400 bill, yikes!
4	Valet parking at a wine bar?  I mean, come on.  I don't do valet, especially in a place like Phoenix.  And to make things worse, all of the streets around the wine bar have parking restrictions, sheesh.Most of the glasses averaged around $8-10, which isn't too bad; but the wine list was pretty short.  I had a sauvingon blanc that was nice and crisp, and I also had one of the bruschetta platters -- four slices of large bread, each with a different topping of your choice (about 8-10 toppings); not your typical bruschetta.  I had the white bean, tomato and basil, roasted artichoke, and the salami toppings.  The tomato and basil was delicious, the artichoke was horrible, and the bean are salami were just all right.  It was a pretty good amount of food for $12, and it was well presented.Overall, the wine was good, the atmosphere was good, and the prices seemed average.  A half star off for the parking; a half star off for the short wine list; and if I could take another half star off for the artichoke, I would.
5	this is my fav place in AZ to go. i visit about 3-4 times a year and i usually visit postino/la grande orange about 3 times minimum when i am there.this is the hotness: everyday from 11am-3pm every kind of wine is $5/glass...hello liquid lunch.well goodbye liquid lunch because you'll want to eat everything on the menu from the bruschetta to start (you cannot go there and not order the bruschetta) - i usually get: ricotta & dates & pistachios, brie & apples, mascarpone & prosciutto, artichoke. as for the main course for lunch, the salads are great and the paninis are f-in sweet as well.the wine list is always good, changing a little here and there. afterwards go next store to la grande orange grocery and pick up some goods to go. i almost forgot - it's called Postino b/c they converted the old Arcadia Post Office into a restaurant, it's got an indoor/outdoor feel, so you don't have to sit outside in order to feel like you've got a little breeze and sunshine. there are also loungey/couch areas to sit and eat/drink if you want too instead of the traditional table & chairs.when visiting AZ, don't miss this spot. (there is a lot of italian in AZ, and this place gets lunch right)
3	I have liked the food I've had here, a panini sandwich, bruschetta, and some desserts. But I'm a pretty casual kind of girl, and as a result I get the feeling that I'm not hip enough for Postino. Last time I was there I got a pretty frosty attitude from the server, but  when they realized I knew the manager they had a miraculous change of attitude. Anyway, I haven't been back since, mainly because I don't want to have to ask for management, just to see a friendly face, the second I step through the door.
3	I've been going to Postino for years. I would give Postino four stars, but it's a BIT pretentious now. The good? Bruschetta (the salami and pesto with a drizzle of olive oil topped off with cracked pepper is a favorite), the Mediterranean salad with prosciutto, when we lean over and chat with nervous first-date couples to break the ice, and the garage-style doors open on a perfect Spring day. The bad? Parking deserves a strong mention (they try, but it's seriously crazy), and some of the staff who think that dealing with a few snotty Arcadians all day gives them the right to be abrupt. (They probably just need to install an anti-Arcadian decompression chamber somewhere on the premises.) But, honestly? After a lunch or dinner of Postino-related mayhem, I get the craving for a relaxing place no one has ever heard of. Dig?
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. It is perfect for a special occasion or just for a nice night out. My favorite is the bruschetta, I love that you can mix and match. They also have great sandwiches and salads. I will definitely be returning!!It is definitely a trendy restaurant and expect to pay for valet parking ($3 I think) and to wait for a table.
4	Seeing as I have only spent 3 total days in Phoenix and 14 total days in New York City, it might be a bit presumptious of me to say that Postino Winebar is the type of place one would find in New York City rather than Phoenix.  But is it going to stop me from saying it?  Nope.  I sometimes enjoy passing unauthoratative judgment on places, things, food, men.Postino, the dimly lit, popular (and reservationless) Italian wine bar near Campbell and 40th, isn't a place that is going to lure patrons in with their relatively truncated wine list or memorable menu, but the ambiance is sure to draw me back when I return to Phoenix.  My glass of Shiraz was fine, the proscuitto, fig and  marscopane bruschetta made me smile, and my ham and cheese pressed sandwich made me grimace at the overwhelming amount of mustard.  I much preferred my brother's Autostrada panini even if it did contain meats I couldn't identify, and found myself feeling orderer's envy over the fresh-looking veggie panini his friends ordered.  Sandwiches are large, so instead of ordering a whole one, plus an additional side of salad (like overambitious diners like moi), it's a good idea to do a half and half with a portion of the ambitious mixed greens salad that is chock full of pears, pecans, red grapes, and gorgonzola cheese.  Yes, even the salads provide the arteries will a well-placed kick in the pants.  Just drink more red wine.  It'll help the heart get through all the cheese and fatty meats consumed in this delightfully sceney hotspot, and will make the experience of waiting for a table, much more pleasant.
4	I really love everything about this spot.  If I lived in Scottsdale, I would be here everyday for happy hour.The atmosphere is wonderful, like a generous patio at someone's home. It feels tucked away, although you are really off a pretty busy street.  There is also plenty of room inside when the heat is too much.  The service is attentive and the food is fresh and vibrant.  This is also a great place to just get drinks....
4	Postinos is a true treasure in the city's somewhat lackluster scene for good, unique eating experiences. The lack of reservation and self-parking ability (try valet!) fails to put a damper on the the restaurants selective wine list, fresh food, and escapist ambiance. Be sure to go on Monday night for a  perfectly orchestrated collaboration with neighboring LGO owned pizzeria - You can't go wrong with the corn and goat cheese pizza...
3	Postino is great little wine bar. The food is great and so is the wine.Everything is made fresh and the wine selection is seasonal. Some of my favorite wine(s) I have discovered hear. And you can't go wrong with the bruschetta.The reason I am not rating it higher is the parking. For whatever reason they have valet parking now, maybe because the place has become so trendy. But it is a pain in the arse to get to now and getting a little pretentious.It is still a great little place, though, to meet for wine and great food.
5	Postino has really evolved their restaurant for the better over the past 5 or so years since I began going there.Their wine list has always been, current, going with the latest trends in grapes ... from Cabs in the early 00s, to Pinots in 03-04, and now featuring Malbec and Tempranillos.  While this is slightly frustrating as a wine (whine?) snob, i have to give it up to Postino for making available the varietals that people like me want to drink when they're spending $11 a glass at a wine bar.I'll always pretty much have a soft spot for this place, as it was the site of some magical shit between me and my gf (Iknow, I'm romantic) on our first ever date.  So, if you ever need an idea for a first date, or a 50th date, this is your spot.My favorite thing on their menu is the Bruschetta board (and please say the freaking word right), and all of their choices of toppings.  Mmmm, Brie and Granny Smith apples, Mmmm, prosciutto, Mmmm, white tuscan beans ... etcThis place gets super packed to the point of claustrophobia, so thats my only minor annoyance ... oh and the smoking area that is nearly in Peoria.
4	I can honestly say that you would've never caught me in this place if it hadn't been for my boyfriend suggesting it as one of our first dates.  The things that scared me away: valet parking and an overcrowded parking lot and the assumed pretentious wine snobs that frequent the area.Of course, I was right about these concerns when I actually tried the place.  However....that doesn't mean that it can't be enjoyed with the right company.  The wine choices are unbeatable and they have a great app menu, of which I highly recommend the bruchetta (you can choose different several different toppings for one order and they were all equally delicious).It's a great place to chat with friends, or go on a weeknight to grab some vino.  I'm not dying to go back anytime soon, so it's not a favorite for me.  However, I can see how some people would make this wine bar a regular stop.
5	by far one of my favorite restaurants.  I'm totally in love with the biretta.  The best thing is to find a friend and share a salad and  brochette flight at lunch!   I took my husband once and he didn't think it was enough food to fill him up (he went home and ate more).... but for me I'm always happy and stuffed when i leave.
4	What a delightful little place! The atmosphere is laid back (my husband was in shorts and flip flops and didn't feel out of place), the lighting was dim and our group had a table at the couches, so it gave it almost a loungey feel. Plus the night we were there, the doors were open which allowed an open, airy feel. The wine list isn't huge, which is surprising for a wine bar...I didn't sample any of the wines (I'm waiting to go back for lunch one day for the $5 glasses), but the beer list was good. You can't go wrong with a place that serves Stella Artois, one of my favorite beers.  We had the bruschetta and it was filling enough for dinner. We had a double order of the brie, green apple and fig spread (absolutely delicious); tomato, mozzarella and basil (my least favorite of the third we tried...not enough mozzarella for me); and the roasted peppers and goat cheese (I didn't try it because my husband hogged it, so obviously it was a winner with him).  Our bill was $40 which included the bruschetta, 4 drinks, tax and tip. Not bad at all!Yes the parking lot is super small, so most likely you'll have to valet for $3. It didn't bother me since I was expecting it, and when our car had to be brought around, it was fast.
5	As per usual no disappointment for lunch and great wine selections for five bucks per glass.  We arrive just before 11 to get our favorite spot and order our usual Bruschetta (4 tough choices) to share.  Having tried all ten choices at one time or the other we chose 1,2, 4 and 8.  You will have to visit to see what we selected but please don't occupy our spot.
5	Definitely a great stop especially at lunch to snag a multitude of $5 wines by the glass. Fill up on some create your own bruschetta like Tuscan white bean with proscuttio while knocking back Crazy Aunt Edna's favorite rose'.  I prefer the lounge chairs to the high top tables the same way Chuck Taylor lo tops are way cooler than some scuffed up Uggs.  Kick back and enjoy the quick, attentive and rather attractive service. Of course, look out for wine snobs,haters,cougars, and wanna be hipsters that will harsh your giggly wine buzz. Better ride your skateboard though, parking's tight and time-consuming.
4	pretty f'ing good. a little intimidated at first because while i am a fan of wine, it is normally the $8/bottle beringer that you can find at the gas station. quality, i know. but the waitress was more than helpful with picking out something I liked and like every other person has said - the bruschetta was amazing. especially the apple and goat cheese combination that i was a little wary of at first.
4	I have been going to Postino since it opened. I remember the Matt Diamond era, Susan era and now the Brent Karlicheck era. I really like the evolution as to what it has become.Now granted, I am personal friends with Brent (and Matt) so I want to disclose this upfront, but I am elated with the new direction of the wine program as I think it is superior to most in its consumer friendly format.Grab a plate of bruschetta and $5 glass of ABC (anything but Cabernet) at the bar. Ask Brent or the chilled staff to help you pick something great.Like the mythical Arcas, you can bear the budget bacchanalian orgy right in the heart of Arcadia
5	I am a huge fan of this place.  Normally this place is packed, but its worth the wait.  The wine selection is great and the bruschetta is by far my most favorite thing on the food menu.  I am salivating just thinking about the bruschetta -- all different varieties for different pallettes.  mmm...  The paninis look delicious, too, but I haven't tried them yet b/c I always end up with the delicious bruschetta.  I normally have a hard time pairing it down to just four choices of bruschetta.  The vibe of this place is loungy and comfortable, which is nice.  And on a nice day, the doors/windows are open, so there is a very airy feeling to the place.  My only complaint is how small the tables are and how squooshed together everyone is.  But, if you are with a good crowd, you won't even notice.
5	Oh, what a glorious establishment!  I don't think there is any room to say anything new after over 50 reviews.  I think my fellow Phoenicians pretty much have it taken care of.  However, I will second that the wine is great as is the bruschetta.  I'm not sure you can write a review of Postino and not mention the bruschetta.  I'm ready to go back for lunch and try something else off of the menu and also take advantage of the $5 wine.  Yum!
3	I'm giving this place a 3.45...I don't know, maybe I was expecting more from the more than 50 glowing reviews. I am more of a drink and mingle kind of girl, but there is no mingling to be had at Postino.  On the other hand, I can also be an intimate conversation kind of girl, but I didn't feel that was to be had at Postino either.  The room was loud and bright - hence the lack of intimacy.  Maybe it's because I went around happy hour?  Maybe better at night?As stated in previous reviews, the bruschetta is truly awesome!  I love the fact that they let you choose up to 4 toppings - very original idea.  The service was fabulous, we had more than 4 people attend to our table throughout the evening and our waitress was very helpful with wine & food recommendations. I will be back - that's for sure. And definitely for the $5 wines when I get the chance from 11-4.  But maybe I'll have lower expectations which will likely result in a better experience.
5	Is anyone a big Bruschetta fan like me?? They have some of the most creative and tasty varieties...total palate pleaser! You have to order a bunch to share with friends. And I love the midday $5 wine specials! Oh, why not encourage a little day-drinking??!!! Hahaha! Fantastically social and quaint atmosphere. You guys know I love the indoor/outdoor thing! :-) Its an old post office w/ what I believe are original wood floors. I love how they creak when you walk around. I especially like going at night when the candlelight is flickering throughout & groups of friends gather on sofas.Enjoy!
3	Ya ya, if your into who's who and the whole I am here to be seen and not heard scene then sure you frequent this whole complex. The wine list is good, not great,  the food is good and yes it is cool the setting and all that shit. I like atmosphere but this place has to many super cool, dressed in black tops, designer jeans, and mules, for me personally. I want wine aficionados not people who order house wine and want to look cool in the cars they work for and the apartment that is not furnished. When this place first opened i loved it but it is now a bit falsetto for my taste.
5	I love this place, whether it's to meet friends for happy hour or to grab a quick dinner and some wine. The bruscetta is to die for and I have now seen many restaurants trying to replicate. The wine list is reasonable with great values!I find the crowd to be pleasant and generally professionals. However, if you are generally offended by well-dressed adults, then perhaps you might want to stay away.  This is a great place!
4	I was in town and my friend wanted to take me to the place across the street from Postino but they weren't opened for lunch.  Fine with me because Postino turned out great!  The valet boy and one of the other men waiting for a table gave us good reviews so we said, why not?It's been a long while since my friend and I saw each other so we were talking a lot in-between trying to figure out what to order.  The waitress had to come back 3 times before we settled on something, but she was cool with it.  Known for their bruschetta and sandwiches, that's exactly what we ordered.  The bruschetta came with 4 different options so we chose Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil (good), Chopped Tomato with Pesto (very fresh and tasty), Salami with Pesto (slightly salty but very good), and the Prosciutto with Figs and Mascarpone (my favorite).Thinking we weren't going to be full on just some bread, we also ordered the ham & cheese panini (nicely toasted and yummy).  It comes with a salad and the waitress split this w/o us mentioning it.  We ended up only eating half the sandwich and half the bruschetta.  The bruschetta were big (about the size of your palm -- not mine, because I have small hands) and thick as well.  The toppings were generous and all very fresh.I'd definitely come back next time I'm in town.
3	I have eaten at Postino between five and ten times, honestly I don't really remember (that's not a good thing), because I had a client for a while that loved the place.  This is not a review based on one visit.Postino is a very "trendy" Arcadia hangout.  All the cool kids go there and love to be seen sitting in such a chic environment.  Postino and it's counterpart La Grande Orange are both modeled after a European experience.  The atmosphere is fun and it does make you feel just a little more important than you did before entering their door.The food on the other hand is uninspired and nothing exceptional.  Yes it is good, yes it is somewhat unique, no it does not deserve the amazing amounts of praise that it enjoys.  The wine selection however  is good, there should be no problem finding something you likeTo boil it down, we have a decent meal with a good wine selection, in a super trendy place to eat... Perfect for people who care more about appearances than food.  That being said you should try Postino out, it is fun and maybe you will think the food more inspired than I did.
5	This place gets a Phoenix 5. Probably lower if it were in a better city.Postino is probably the best wine bar in the Valley, next to Kazimierz in Scottsdale. I like Kazimierz for its olive selection. Postino wins on happy hour wine selection (5$ any glass) and bruschetta.I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to drink a strong selection of varietals. Other wine bars seem to fall short on interesting, new and lesser known varietals.
4	Met up with a new friend and an high school classmate there last night. Didn't feel like I was in Phoenix, which, no matter where you live, on occasion, can feel like a really good thing. More like being in Ess Eff...very urbane. Their crostini were great--brie and apple (not super imaginative, but still good), and ricotta/fig/pistachio--excellent. If you go on a 110+ day, be aware that their a/c system isn't up to handling it. We sweated it out last night until enough people left to help cool the place off. We're new to Phoenix, so we'll be trying the other La Grande Orange eateries on that corner.
4	One of my favorite places of Phoenix!Although I often clown on Scottsdale and their wannabe NYC / SF spots, Postino's is definitely a place I will return to on my next visit to the desert.Set in an old, renovated Post Office, the dark decor and hundreds of candles set the mood. We were fortunate enough to score the large couch set into the  corner of the cafe when another party didn't show. Our server was fantastic, and the manager was extremely helpful with our wine selection.Des and I had a bottle of their house Cab, Pennyfarthing, which was so good we bought a bottle to go! We also had a sampler of their famous bruschetta, which was exquisite! The boast a variety of bruschettas, and we tried 4 of them; apple/date/brie, tomato/mozzarella/basil, salami/pesto, and classic.Unbelievable!!!
5	I travel to PHX for business and this is my place to unwind and have some great food.  Came here twice and loved it.  I actually finished a whole bottle of wine with a co-worker once and that wine was DELISH.  The only downfall to this place is that it's a little pricey (as in LA or SF pricey) -- a small sandwich was $10.  It was a little shocking since I was expecting PHX to be slightly cheaper than those areas.Other than that, a great date place or a place to chill with co-workers.
5	Postino Winecafe is a longtime favorite of mine... Not sure why it took me so long to write my own review, maybe because the 67 that came before mine do a pretty good job of describing it.  However, I woke up today and felt like giving my two cents - so here goes:Whether you go to Postino for a business lunch, an afternoon glass of wine, a happy hour, dinner, or even after dinner drink - you can't go wrong!  Postino is great for any occasion!  (Although maybe not a big group based on what I read in previous reviews).  I've been for pretty much all of the occasions listed above, and every visit to Postino, I leave a satisfied customer.  My favorite lunchtime menu items are the brushcetta (perfect for sharing as an appetizer and fun to choose from the variety of delicious selections), the Mixed Greens Salad (which comes with shaved pears, candied pecans, red grapes, gorgonzola, and crispy leeks served with poppyseed vinaigrette - and I usually add turkey to it too), and the Raspberry Chicken Salad.  LOL at my long description, but had to include it all!I'm not usually a daytime drinker but I'm all for starting happy hour early and taking advantage of 'wine by the glass' $4 special - great wine list! The ambiance and service is fantastic and it's fun to people watch at Postino as well.  It's a fantastic little neighborhood place, and there are several little details that make Postino stand out in my eyes... next time you're there, check out the sugar / sweet'n low dish thing on the table - there's a little something special there if you need to spit out your gum before digging into your meal :)  Also check out the branded rolls of TP in the bathroom - so cute!Can't wait to go on a Monday night sometime soon to take advantage of their special: $9 off a bottle of wine and pizza from LGO!  Postino has a regular loyal customer in me and I don't see that changing anytime soon!
4	I have only been here twice, but really enjoyed myself both times. They have a great wine list and the bruschetta sampler is amazing.They cafe itself is fantastic. Very open with a ton of natural light and is very spacious. Great place to meet up with an old friend or take a date. Great for conversation and the crowd is normally a little more upscale.
4	If you enjoy wine-bars and you don't fall in love with Postino, you're crazy!The first time I walked into Postino, I felt like I'd stepped into a different world. Having lived in NYC for a while, I became a bit spoiled and was pleasantly surprised to find Postino comparable to places I loved out there! Nighttime is the best time to go as it's dim, loud and full of energy. Postino is one of my favorite places to go for a light dinner and drinks with good friends year-round; however, on a fall or spring night, when they have all the doors and windows open onto the patio, it's perfection.As many have mentioned, the bruschetta is great. It's a good option for an appetizer or sharing for a main dish, especially if you'd rather focus on filling up with wine than food. ;) The grilled cheese appetizer is tasty, but a pretty small portion. If you're looking for a small compliment to wine, they've got a "cheese course" and a meat and cheese "plate". The cheese course comes with 3 different cheeses that they switch up frequently. It's a pretty decently sized dish, but the last time I ordered it, the "fruit" they mentioned on the menu was basically just dried apricots, cranberries and nuts. It wasn't bad, but with the crunchy bread it came with, there were too many dry things on one plate for my liking! If you like olives, I'd recommend splurging on the $5 olive bowl. It's a generous portion of mixed olives that will not disappoint. My all-time favorite item at Postino is the "Prosciutto with Brie" Panini, on Ciabatta bread, with salad. The sandwich is soft prosciutto layered with brie, arugula and figs, drizzled with a little balsamic and olive oil and served on a super crunchy ciabatta roll. If this was the only item on the menu, I'd still make the 15 mile drive to order it. The sandwich is big enough to share, but I love it enough to eat the whole thing and suffer the consequences later. :) All of the paninis come with potato chips or salad. Rarely would I choose salad as a side, but I actually look forward to this salad almost as much as the sandwich. It's romaine lettuce, pine nuts, crumbled feta and a very light oil dressing (from what I can gather). The two negatives, which is what drops it from 5 stars to 4 are the following: The service is often lacking. There are some really nice, attentive servers and there are some rather pretentious servers (which isn't unheard of at a wine-bar). It's really hit or miss, but I take it with a grain of salt and don't let it deter me from going. After all, a pretentious server can become great material for dinner-time laughs. The second negative is the parking situation. This is an issue with any of the many LA Grande Orange establishments located on that corner. Pretty much any time you go there, you will have trouble finding parking. They do offer valet, but call me cheap, I'd rather not HAVE to pay for valet. To make a long story short (I know, too late), go to Postino if you're looking for an experience you're unlikely to find anywhere else in Phoenix.
5	Another of my favorite winebars (which is hundreds of miles away). I used to hang out with work friends for "happy hour"; the great part is we would drink and talk for hours and never once felt rushed to empty the table. My absolute favorite dish is their caprese sandwich and potato soup...the potato soup is cream, perfectly made, and full of flavor!
4	This is one of my favorite wine bars I have been to.  The wine list is great and the food is just as good!It has an upscale feel and makes you think you are in NYC (but without the homeless people peeing on the building); they have a great vib going on and you will LOVE it!Oh yes, and you know what... it used to be a Post Office, SWEET
4	I've been here twice, with two totally different experiences. One time it was for a happy hour, it was pretty chill, like 6pm on a Wednesday. There were 4 or 6 of us, it was relaxing and we were able to eat some yummy bruchetta and chat and drink some wine in a cute little stylish place.Then I thought it would be fun to have my little birthday soire there. So I scheduled a party of 15-20 for a Thursday around 8pm. They reserved me the little area just to the right of the entrance. It happened to be really, really busy that night, but, they managed to keep drinks in everyones hands. So although a little chaotic, it was a fun night.Warning: good luck parking.
5	There aren't many places in the valley that make me feel I am somewhere unique and 'non-chain' but this is one of them. Yes sometimes the service can be a little off but when this place has it's game on ... it's ON! The wine list is always interesting giving you choices that surprise and please, the food is well priced and the brew-shetta (Geordie accent please) is ridiculously good.I should give this 4 stars as the service can be hit and miss but I gave it 5 for those great nights with friends when the music is loud but not too loud, the wine is flowing and a good time is being had by all!
4	Postino has created a vibe that exudes coolness.  Great location, fabulous bruschetta ( apple, brie, fig - you can't go wrong with this one!), stellar staff, perfect lounging, etc.  I stroll over to Postino for wine, business or to dine - works well for all of the above.  They change up the wine list often enough to make it interesting.  I live nearby, but don't make it a habit so that I can savor the atmosphere.Why the 4 stars? Occasionally the service has a lag time - only occasionally.
5	What else is there to say?  This place is amazing.  Great wine.  Yummy food.  Excellent staff.  Beautiful neighborhood.  Funky/chic interior.  I love the garage door indoor/outdoor seating. I could waste my entire paycheck here.  Better yet; I can move in and just sleep on the comfy lounge furniture.
5	Love this place!  The wine selection is awesome and the food is super yummy.  I recommend you order the brushetta sampler, there are so many options and I have tried and love them all.  On Monday's they have half price bottled wine night, excellent for happy hour.My only complaint is the parking situation, I hate that my only option is valet.  Why can't I just park my own car?  It does get packed in here so come early, it is busy because it is awesome.One other thing I have noticed and really appreciated is that everyone who works there is guest oriented.  I had a manager opening my wine for me, the hostess told us about the specials, the waiter helped us move from the lounge to the restaurant, it was great.  There was no, "Oh, that's not my job, so and so will be right with you," they take initiative and focus on the guest, something that is lacking in too many places today.Love it, can't wait to go back.
4	When I was here last week, one of the other folks at the table asked me if there were lots of places like this in Ann Arbor, where I live.  Sadly, I had to answer no.  There's nothing quite like this in Ann Arbor, which is too bad. There are some great places here, and even a couple of nice places to sip wine, but the feel of Postino is totally different.The warm weather enables the front of the cafe to be pretty much totally open (nice garage doors), and though that's not something that would work too well in Michigan in the winter, I have a feeling the the wine selection and food quality offered by Postino would go over famously here in Ann Arbor and elsewhere.  I'm not into big chains, but maybe they'd consider a satellite location?The bruschetta is a dream -- perfect to share with a group. I especially enjoyed the roasted pepper with goat cheese; brie, apple and fig spread; and the wonderfully salty roasted artichoke heart versions.And of course, I enjoyed the wine.  In warm weather, I'm a white wine kind of gal, so I sipped a nice glass of Pinot Grigio. I was totally charmed by both the food and the company. Oh, and extra charm points for playing some Otis Redding. The service was just fine -- attentive without being intrusive. If they can't open a Michigan location, then I guess I'll just have to come back the next time I'm around Phoenix.
4	Review #83 and nothing surprising to report here. Parking is still rough, but if you know what you're getting into then you park a little bit down the street and hoof it up to the corner.Bruschetta is still amazing. If you have a group of 3+ get two orders and a big mix of them so everyone can try something new. I come for wine lunches because the 5 dollar glasses are great. The beer list was also surprisingly good the last time I visited (Late Nov 2008). Including some great imports and domestic craft beers.I usually stick with a salad or a sandwich for lunch and I've never been disappointed. Nothing specific to suggest, go with something that you generally like and I'm sure you won't be either.Wait staff has always been pleasant and available when we needed them to be. I always make an effort to ask how their day is going, be friendly and engaging on the initial introduction. This usually helps ensure that they look forward to serving our group, rather than cringe at coming back.You cannot go wrong with a lunch date here and I'd venture to say that dinner is just as good. Don't miss this gem tucked away in the east/central Phoenix area.
5	After my Radio Milano experience, my friends and I decided to get a wine nightcap at Postino.I was already tired, but still wanted to hang out.  This was my 2nd time at Postino (first time was for drinks and dinner)  We just wanted wine this time...we ordered 2 bottles.  (I sound like a lush)  The bar closed at 11pm, which I thought was odd...on a Saturday night I thought it should be later.  But the server said that enjoy all we want and we can order all we want until then.  They will so not kick us out.I just love the atmosphere of this place.  I don't feel that I am in a pretentious crowd and the service is so on its mark.  There is a chance that I will be there for New Years...and if so...update!!!!
5	I've been here a few times recently, in various different social situations - romancing, bromancing, and a business meeting. Wow.... is all I can say. The happy hour(s), $5 wine, is a great deal. The food is superb. I think it's a hoot that it's in the old 'Synthony' location, what was once the coolest pro audio and keyboard shop ever. The ambiance is awesome - cool, urban. cultured. The service and knowledge of the servers is above par. It's usually packed. Definitely one of my favorite places for wine in town! I wish I'd been going for a long time, and didn't just get clued in recently. I'm glad I don't live closer... I'd be there all the time!
5	This is my favorite restaurant at the moment.
4	i like the monday nites where bottles of wine at par & u can order flat bread pizzas from across the lot - sister place. Small & intimate, good servie, pretty ok patio.
4	Came here last night after reading much ado about the place via Yelp and I must say we were very impressed! We had the oh so amazing cheese platter and the outstandingly fresh and tasty bruschetta, I highly suggest the tomato and basil.So why no 5 stars??Tab was 136, amazing food but not that amazing.
5	Well DUH!I could eat their bruschetta for days and days. I think the plate is well-priced and perfect for sharing. And the bread is so soft....yummy! Oh yeah, they have wine.Plus it was where me  my boyfriend went on our first date (and my first time there), so obvs. it holds some sentimental value.
5	This was my first time to this place, not really knowing anything about it - only joining my friend for her birthday. Not alot of parking, but that is pretty much the only thing I could possibly complain about. Nice intimate atmostphere to just have good solid fun with good people. Customer service was good (server took my beer/glass - without asking me if I wanted another). The bathroom is very clean and can probably be described as very zen-like. Food wise - the bruschetta impressed me alot, actually the whole place did so I will definately be back. Mostly to participate in the 11-4 5$ wine!!
4	We were visiting Phoenix last weekend for the Rock n Roll marathon, and a local took us to Postino's for pre-race dinner.  We weren't sure what to expect - we showed up early (around 6:45) on a Saturday, and the place was wide open - but we just beat the rush.  By 7:30, it was packed, but we were fine. Service was great, and with one Vegan and four cautious stomachs in the group, our only regret was that we couldn't eat more!  The salads are extraordinarily good, and the panini's were fresh and flavorful - the fresh cheeses are really, really good. We liked it so much, we went back on Monday before our flight left for Chicago.  Great atmosphere, good menu selections, good salads, and we only wish we had more time to drink....
4	This is my kind of place.  I used to really enjoy going to Sakowitz years ago and having lavosh and cheese in the midst of my shopping.  I can do this at Postino.  There is a sense of the quiet and the casual where a man (or woman) can sit back, have most pleasant snacks, and let the world go by.  I have found places like this on the coast and am happy to find one like it in Phoenix.  I wouldn't go here for a "full blown" meal but it wouldn't be the place it is if I were going to.In the hustle and bustle of today's world, Postino can provide you a welcome retreat.  It is needed.
3	Imagine if you took an Italian deli and dressed it up and put the sandwhiches on menus instead of a chalkboard and provided mood lighting and had a metrosexual waitstaff bring the sandwhiches to your table.  That's essentially Postino in a nutshell.  It's next to the ever trendy La Grande Orange which just adds to its hype.  Seriously, I could start serving twinkies and pbj's  next to La Grande Orange and i would have 91 reviews with 4 stars too.  The food was unspectacular as I felt like I was eating lunch but paying 3 times for it.  The service was average. The waitstaff was not rude but they were not helpful either as we had to constantly remind them to bring items; they took nearly 20 minutes to take our order and you had to ask them for anything extra like water or silverware.  It just seemed like the owner walked into Six lounge and asked some people to be servers; they just seemed as if they had no experience waiting on people. Furthermore, it's not a "winecafe."  It's just a cafe. The wine part makes it sound trendier than it is. The wine selection is a joke and there are hardly any "by the glass" selections. The servers have no clue about wine and if you ask them a few questions, you will see they do a really good job trying to b.s. you but if you have any knowledge about wine like I do, you enjoy the spectacle of seeing them trying to sound intelligent: "Er, do you like white or red wine" The food was good but again, why am I paying a lot of money to be served this for dinner. There are several panini Italian lunch delis that i could get this same food at. This is a great place for a light meal or a cocktail or a great place for friends to meet at for a quick drink before heading out to the clubs or lounges.  It's also a great place to impress a date (if you are less than 25 years old).  However, Postino should not be viewed as serious fare in regards to dining.  I would say Postino was a nice experience but I certainly wouldn't return unless I was meeting a group of people there.
4	Love the $5 glasses of wine 11-4 daily.  Great place for a late snack type lunch or late evening small bite and more wine.  Olives are great!  Parking works during the off hours, otherwise it can be frustrating.
5	I love this place!   The bruschetta and the Italian Picnic salad are my favorites.  Great Happy Hour with $5 glasses of wine.  I would recommend this to anyone.
5	I could eat here almost every day.  During the day it is chill and relaxing.  At night its trendy and busy.  The service can be spotty, but the food and wine are worth it.  You can't go wrong with the bruscetta.  All of the choices are amazing.  Its a great place to go with friends.
4	I'm a HUGE-O fan of this place!!  YUUUMMMM-AHHH for DAYS!!!  Lemme just say the last time I was there... I had wine like it was goin' outta style! And the food.  What a treat!  Four stars for that.  One less for not being open 24-hours.
5	Postinos is one of my favorite restaurants in Arcadia!  The actual building itself is an old converted post office, complete with a closing garage door.  Great wine selection and the staff is extremely helpful if you have any questions or need a recommendation.  As for the food, it is phenomenal!  I've had the roast beef sandwich, turkey and brie, bruschetta, salads, you name it.  I have never once been disappointed with my meal here.I usually opt to split both a plate of bruschetta and a salad with a friend which is always more than enough.  My favorite salad is the raspberry chicken and for the bruschetta the brie/apple, salmon, pesto/salami, and fig/proscuitto are by far my faves.This place is great for a first date, birthday, or dinner with a small group of friends :-) Looooove it!
4	Delicioso!  The bruschetta is a good starter - the bread toasted perfectly and not too thick.  We had the white tuscan bean with pancetta, roasted pepper with goat cheese, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, and Warm Artichoke Spread (you pick 4 to an order).  The prosciutto and artichoke were our definite faves.  The roast beef sandwich was good, but my Chicken & Mozzarella (on focaccia) and Raspberry Chicken Salad was SO good.
5	I'd been to Postinos a couple times, but once I took my parents there, it's the only place they ever want to go! As big wine folks, they know that after the hour and a half drive from Tucson, they just want to relax and have a glass of wine and some bruschetta.While there isn't a HUGE menu to select from, the bruschetta, soups, salads and paninis are perfectly portioned, amazingly tasty and refreshing, no matter what time of year. Their unique selection of bruschetta includes apple and brie with fig spread, proscuitto with figs and mascarpone and salami with pesto (plus a few others). And their wine list makes up for it. They have an extensive selection that they change out regularly, and you can buy a bottle on your way out to enjoy at home.  My favorite that I discovered at Postinos is the Hey Mambo.Tucked away in a charming neighborhood in Phoenix, Postinos is a great place to enjoy some wine and bruschetta. They usually do have the garage door open, so you get the fresh outdoors no matter where you sit. When the weather is perfect out, the outdoor seating is great too.Although 90% of the time you have to valet park due to limited parking, it is only $3 and very convenient. It is probably one of the only places I don't mind valet parking at in Phoenix.
5	I traveled far and wide, convinced many friends and get myself to this cute little wine bar. The outside patio is gorgeous, especially in the spring and fall. The inside is just as beautiful with a warm and comfortable modern feeling.The menu is so uncomplicated with delicious bruschetta and cheese plates. I require not much else other than these when drinking copious amounts of wine nectar. However, I remember a special I believe on Mondays with half price bottles and pizza from across the street. It was unbelievable. The staff was so nice and gracious when minor mistakes were made. It is definitely worth the trip when I was staying across the valley and would go again and again.
5	Did a little bit of day drinking/lounging on the patio here the other day, and I must say...I love this place.  From the cutie pie that served us and his witty personality to the awesome wine and bruschetta, it was perfect.  I would come here everyday if I was a lady who lunched.  But alas, I am not that spoiled, so I will just continue to stop by from time to time and get a little toasty (in more than one way) on their lovely patio.
5	OK, i went to the new Postinos on Colter and Central last monday. My BFF took me for a birthday lunch, i was so happy!We sat on the outside part of the bar,it was a beautiful day. Steve,very cute. he took perfect care of us. we enjoyed a bottle of Processo *maybe be spelt wrong* and we both had lunch. I had the mozzarella and chicken sandwich with pesto, sun dried tomatoes and arugula! my girl had the autostrado it had a couple different kinds of Italian meats and provolone cheese, BOMB! it was good stuff. it came with chips or a salad,we got the salad and it was a prefect match for the sandwiches *it had pine nuts.*i had gone to the original Postinos a couple times and of coarse it was always good, but the new one is close to my spot and now close to my heart. Steve, i will see you soon!!!
4	Eat, drink, be merry.Love the atmosphere. Love the upholstered loveseats, love the bruschetta and salad. Love the open air.Don't love the horrid parking options. Don't love when I'm seated on the wooden chairs. How can we be expected to relax and drink up when our bums are bruising?Servers? Easy on the eyes. Nice bonus for girls' night out.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE Postino's!  Ask me any night of the week where I'd like to dine, and this place would be on my top three list.  The rotating wine menu, the bruschetta, the fantastic house salad, the delectable desserts, the bruschetta, the fantastically crafted sandwiches - did I mention the bruschetta?  Definitely try the prosciutto with figs and mascarpone!  The service here is very good as well, and their hours are fairly accommodating for late evening diners.  On Monday nights there is also the added bonus of being able to order pizza from the pizzeria across the parking lot, and there are a few nights you can find a DJ there mixing it up if that's your thing.  My only (small) issues with this place?  Parking absolutely stinks, and the acoustics leave a lot to be desired.
5	This place is amazing!!!!!  It has delicious food. A great wine list and what else can you say.  It is a great place to sit drink and just talk and chill.  If anything eat the bruschetta.  Share it with a friend.  We need more places like this.  It isn't overcrowded like most places in the valley and lets keep it that way.  The one downside is parking, though I see it as a glass half full problem.  If there was more parking more people would come then it would be crowded.  So go enjoy and be merry.
4	I finally went to Postino. It was only a matter of time. It wasn't very busy for a Friday night, but I've tried to go here during the day a few times and gave up out of frustration due to the parking situation. It wasn't a problem last night. The place is beautiful. I really like the decor and the layout. It's comfy and fancy without being too pretentious. It helped that it wasn't at all crowded and that the weather was perfect. The service was friendly and VERY accomidating for both of our special needs ordering. I was impressed. I went into this without reading any reviews or knowing much about the place other than that it exists and people like it. I have to be honest here - I wasn't that impressed with the food. It's a simple cafe menu, so perhaps I'm being too critical, but I just didn't love it. It was decent, but not my taste. The food is good... I'm just not going to go out of my way to eat here. The wine was good though. Maybe they have a larger list somewhere, but the wine list I saw was pretty short - particularly for a wine cafe. Still... what we had was delicious. My only other gripe was that it was a pretty spendy experience - even with a discount. I much prefer Kasimierz - which is probably an unfair thing to compare it to - but I do. Maybe My Florist would be more appropriate of a comparison, but I haven't been there in years. I think this place is great and has mass appeal... My not being totally on board with it probably says more about my taste than this place.I would definitely eat and drink here again, and I would recommend it to friends and strangers.
4	After hearing raves about Postino... I finally got a chance to go check it out. I'm not too much of a drinker, but the $5 Wines By The Glass Happy Hour is great, especially since they've extended it to 5 PM! It was a leisurely early dinner, getting to Postino about 4:15, and the place was already starting to fill up! (By the time we got our food, around 4:45, it was completely packed!!!) I wanted to try the bruschetta, but my dining companion (my lovely sister) didn't want to split it (due to allergies, more on that later), and I couldn't take home leftovers, so I decided on the Select Two, going with the Autostrada Panini and Italian Picnic Salad without walnuts. I also got a glass of the Ca Del Sarto Pinot Grigio (I only drink whites). My sister had been to Postino multiple times and knew what she wanted to order, knowing it should be allergen (aka nut) free (also the Select Two, the Prosciutto with Brie Panini and Mediterranean Salad). She informed our waitress though of her condition and thankfully our waitress was very responsive. We sat and talked for about a half hour before our food came (watching the mimosas float by our table sped up the time), and I dug right in. However I was alerted to the shaky voice of my sister that she had found a nut in her salad. We called over our waitress and she was super apologetic about it, and quickly set out to resolve the issue. My sister thankfully didn't eat the nut (which turned out to be a walnut)!!! She got a new salad and sandwich and checked everything over, and everything came out a-ok. Our waitress was really great about the whole thing! My food was quite yummy! The sandwich was full of delectable salty meats, but I wished it was a tid bit warmer. The salad was top notch though! I've always avoided beets in my food endeavors, I don't know why, even though I had never tried them, but the Italian Picnic salad has opened my eyes to the glory that is the roasted beet! The different flavors and textures all blended together so nicely, especially with the crispy bacon! I wish I could have pinpointed what was in the dressing so I could recreate it at home! Ah, I guess I'll just have to go again!
4	Maybe it's the wide-open garage doors, the friendly service, the abundant wine selection, the clean, modern room, or it's the convivial crowd... Postino has all of those, true. But come on, people - IT'S ALL ABOUT THE BRUSCHETTA! Holy cow - what delicious topping combinations! Ricotta w/dates & pistachios. Prosciutto w/figs & mascarpone. I could go on... Great time here - my two small complaints were (1) the sauvignon blanc by the glass is one of those "SB w/semillon" concoctions - not our fave by a long shot, and (2) i like my bread a bit crispier for bruschetta, but understand it's a house style.When next in Phoenix, we'll be back.
4	I love this joint...Postino has become one of my favorite places to grab a bite.  The bruchetta is probably the best I've had in this area next to Armitage, and the size is amazing for the buck.  Out of 10 or so you can choose 4 (fav's are the pepper and goat cheese, the fig and the seasonal), coming out on huge pieces of foccacia cut into fours so you get to keep taking delicious nibbles of each.  Their wine selection is pretty good too, I've fallen in love with the Acadia white that I cant seem to find anywhere else.  Though well priced for the most part, you do have to watch your tab - you can leave with a 30 buck tab up to a 150 tab for two people. Only negitives I'd say would be the seating, particularly the outside, where they absolutely CRAM you in to the point you might be uncomfortable if you dont like snuggling with your neighbor.  Its great for dates, great place to impress out of towners, and just a great gem of Scottsdale.
4	Stopped here for some after-work vino with a friend and co-worker.  Loved the atmosphere and quasi-outdoor space; great wine list, too.  Service was a bit odd - at times overbearing and at times fine.  I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area again.
4	Found this place online and decided to take a chance and try it on Tuesday night. The drive north on Central had me a little worried until I got about a block away. What a relief to see a trendy, cozy, but still airy sort of place. Exactly what I wanted in a nice wine bar. My friend and I felt fine in nice jeans and cute tops.This particular day they had a great special. We got a bottle of La Posta wine (I think that was the name) and 4 pieces of bruschetta for $20. The wine was recommended by the waiter...he knew what he was talking about. We got the bruschetta with apples, figs and brie; salmon and capers; prosciutto with figs & marscapone and the last had salami on it. The apple bruschetta was my favorite.I'll be back and will take more friends to experience the food, wine and atmosphere.
5	It's little gems like this that make me love Phoenix. (Phoenix can sometimes be a bee-ach from hell but if you're patient, she rewards you.) The only drawback to this place is parking. And since I can't get here on the light rail I have to drive. And if I have to drive, I have to park. But when I can't park, it's a hassle. However, once you achieve parking success, Postinos is awesome. I love that it's in an old post office. I love how the garage doors open, like a giant Arizona room. I like the drinks, I like the laid back lounge atmosphere, I like the service. It's a little pricey, but hey, this isn't McDonalds. I remember that I really liked their bruschetta. I've gone to Postinos to welcome friends back to Phoenix and sometimes to say goodbye. It's a great place for both.
5	Once an old post office, this cozy little wine cafe brings a rare beauty to bruschetta.  New visitors to this establishment, I have only two suggestions:Skip the paninis, and opt straight for the bruschetta.Do not hesitate to order the "proscuitto with mascarpone and figs"What I love about the menu is that one can order up to 4 selections of the bruschetta for $12.75.  This is a very filling choice, but with groups of four you can extend up to 8.I cannot do these delectable eats any justice if I don't give them a name.Recommendations below are my tops, my do or dies:fresh mozzarella with tomato and basilsmoked salmonprosciutto with figs and mascarponebrie and apples with fig spreadthe flavors are bold and fresh, even the flavor combinations seem daring on some.soups and salads are available here, as well as paninis.I am not a fan of paninis, but the prosciutto with brie was very well done.Best night to come:Tuesday after 8p  ($20 tuesday, where you can enjoy a bottle of wine and bruschetta for only $20)Happy Hour:Not exactly, but wines by the glass are $5, seven days a week, from 11-5Dessert menu:Tammy Coe Cakes is next door, so you can sample a selection of her decadent cookies and cakes. Postino also has my favorite, the creme brulee.The Wine Program:it changes seasonally, which makes coming here again and again a happy surprise.  French, Australian, Chilean, South African, diversity is well represented here in everything from tempranillo to nero d'avola.
5	A cousin I'd met in Madrid 12 years ago came to town last month, so I decided I'd take this opportunity to finally try Postino after all of these years and take her there.  It was on a Tuesday, and I was fortunate enough to stumble onto the online menu beforehand and find that Postino offers $20 bottle of wine AND bruschetta on Tuesdays after 8pm.  I was a little wary that it seemed very noisy inside, but there was no way I'd have my cousin steam outside in the patio after she had just recounted how perfect the weather was in San Francisco, a stop she'd made before arriving in PHX.  We had a blast!  For $20, the two of us enjoyed a nice bottle of Heron chardonnay and a platter of six HUGE bruschetta halves (ricotta with dates and pistachios; smoked salmon with capers and herbs; roasted red peppers and goat cheese; and prosciutto with figs and mascarpone). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u-SJ5QUwrNquL9VnXwl8cg?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA#oGjoq-y0BpTf_Ug6K6vmgQ  My non-sweet-toothed cousin's fave was the peppers and goat cheese.  It was good, but I always have red peppers and goat cheese, and since I have a ROARING sweet-tooth, my #1 fave was the ricotta, dates, and pistachios.  Tied for 2nd place were the mascarpone and salmon.  I'm not much of a prosciutto fan, as I find it a tad too salty, but the sweet mascarpone cut through some of the saltiness.  The salmon and capers were so tasty!  Nice atmosphere- lots of positive energy.  Our server was efficient, friendly, and never overbearing.  Cute restroom.  My only complaint is that it is so dark indoors!  I know I've said this before, but I'll say it again- I like to feast my eyes on the food's presentation!  Please, add more light!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u-SJ5QUwrNquL9VnXwl8cg?select=zsIkd6EUxXYbejAx8Srdeg#zsIkd6EUxXYbejAx8SrdegCousin has made me promise her I'd take her back to Postino (or perhaps someplace similar?) on her next visit.  If that isn't glowing praise for Postino, I don't know what is :)
5	I take out-of-town-ers here for sure.  Always a hit.  I look forward to the growth of these types of establishments in phoenix.  IE: Renovation / reuse of historical phoenix architecture, combined with tasty, unique menu concepts.  It feels good to enjoy a nice meal in surroundings other than a strip mall.And they have 5 dollar glasses of wine even on the weekend, 11 - 4 pm.  Who can can argue with that.
5	I absolutely adore this place.  Great location, right down the street from a friends house so we never have to deal with parking issues.  Everyone who works there is really sweet and one of the older bartenders is great to talk with.  I used to stop by so often the bartender would take a few glasses of wine off the bill.  Whenever people come in from out of town I have to take them here.  They have the best bruschetta!  I have tried to recreate some of them at home and while they have been good, they are no match for Postino.  It is a great place for a relaxing lunch, romantic dinner, or night out with the girls!
5	In Short: Simply delicious, great ingredients and atmosphere. Awesome combination of imagination and temperance.To say I loved this place would be an understatement.  I read the reviews before going and I had high expectations, and wasn't the least disappointed.  Location and atmosphere is great, there's outside seating if you'd fancy that.  Great selection of wine list and the beer selection is surprisingly robust.  Try the Lion stout if you are into a chocolate-caramel-creamy stouts.  We tried a couple of glasses of wine, before we descended into the menu.The real star is the brushcetta, the combinations are pretty tasty.  I loved the smoked salmon, fig/mascapone/prachuto, salami, brie/honey/apple, and smoked peppers/goat cheese.  They also have seasonal selections so don't forget to enquire.  There's a lot of stuff to check out, the panini selection is amazing as well.  Great place to hangout with friends or for a date.
5	When I had mentioned to my girlfriend I had never been to Postino's she said, REALLY???  Well then you are in for a treat.  She wasn't kidding!  Who said a wine bar won't get crowded in late June during 109 degree temperature???  And this was at their new location on Central (just north of Camelback). The four of us shared the Bruschetta SELECTION OF 4, so we all got to pick and share...  We enjoyed the Brie & Apple w/Fig Spread, Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil, Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios, and Warm Artichoke Spread.  Their portions are very generous and each bruschetta is cut in 4 so you don't have to struggle with it yourself.  Anyone who knows me well, knows I ALWAYS slice my sandwiches in 4...easier to eat :-)  Wine by the glass 11am-5pm 7 days a week...yay!!!
5	The Bruschetta here rocks! Hands down..Ive never had anything like it.. ALL of the bruschettas are great .. my least fav is the Tuscan bean.. Im just not a fan.. The Fig & Mascarpone is more of a 'dessert' than a app...:-) I havent had a bad wine there yet, either. Postino is  always trendy and fun... great date place... :-) Always crowded...
5	This place is great all the way around.  Went there for happy hour and had a variety of wines by the glass plus a couple of different antipasto plates.  Also, ordered a salad and soup - great stuff.  Suffice it to say that we will be back.  Good food, cool atmosphere, nice wines by the glass, and the service is above average.  Go there, it's worth it.
4	I love, love, love this place. The hand-selected wines are unique and very special. The bruschettas are amazing, and the service is amazing. The staff is very knowledgeable about the wines and food ... I never ask a question they can't answer! The atmosphere is chill and classy, without being stuffy. My first time was for a bridal shower ... the staff managed it fantastically, always quick in bringing more food and drink and never, ever seeming overwhelmed. Whether you're a party of 2 or 20 try Postino ... you're gonna like it.
4	Thank you Erin for introducing me to this amazing place! After a long hard week of teaching 25 all-day kindergartners, Erin and I would escape to the land of wine and bruschetta at Postino and dish about the latest glue stick crisis. Splitting the fig and prosciutto bruschetta and drowning my migraine in wine, I'd emerge as a new revived person. I love everything about this former garage turned restaurant. Great patio during the spring and fall and wonderful ambiance inside. I would usually make a meal out of the bruschetta plate alone, but all of the food is tasty. I can't wait to go back.
4	I love coming here for happy hour when I'm in town.  $5 glasses of wine between 11 am - 5 pm everyday.  Nice selection of reds/whites to choose from.  They also have delicious paninis and bruschetta.  Their desserts are also really yummy!  Everything is reasonably priced.  The outdoor patio makes the food and wine even more enjoyable.
3	Some of the girls and I decided to venture out of the hotel bar and try out some local flavor.  We found this "wine bar" not far from our hotel and thought what a great way to wind down the evening.  We arrived a little after 9pm and the wait was 20 minutes. (I now know that they have specials on Tuesday nights!)  Anyway, the place was a mad house!  And it seemed to me more like a restaurant that sold wine by the glass rather than a traditional wine bar where you could taste and sample different wines.  I tried a temparnillo and the other girls had a verdejo and a chenin blanc.  All were fair, but nothing spectacular.  I just enjoy a little education about the wine, region, winemaker, etc. when I'm trying something new.  Postino did however, have a very cool contemporary design and a great atmosphere.  It seemed like the hip place to hang for the mid 20's to 30's set!  I'll definitely give it another try, next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	The good: nice place, nice service. nice experience. As all have mentioned before, interesting and delicious wine selections and bruschetta to die for [I am a fan of the proscuitto/fig/marscarpone and the smoked salmon]. Knowledgeable and friendly staff. The bad: okay, the not-so-good...hideous parking [but there's a $3 valet] and really loud. Interesting vibe and a mixed crowd. Would bet its great when the weather cools down and patio seating is more appealing that the current August sauna. All in all, I'd go back, eat. drink. eat some more.
5	Went back just to see if it was as good as it was the last time.  It was.  This place is worth a stop.  We took friends and they loved it.  The bruschetta and antipasta board are great.  Wines by the glass also very good.  Go, go, go.
4	Danielle and I decided to check this place out after it was highly recommended from one of the guys at the Montelucia pool.  It's a good thing we did since it was pretty awesome!  Cute lil place...very romantic if you were on a date.  The menu is very simple ranging from paninis and salads.  Since Danielle and I wanted the same two paninis from the menu, we decided to get both and split it.  We ordered the mozzarella/basil/pesto panini and the chicken/mozzarella/spicy mayo.  We loved both and the side salad that accompanied the meal was delicious.  I also highly recommend the mimosa with the fresh squeezed orange juice!  It's AMAZING!
5	Wine and bruschetta: what can go wrong?  I really enjoyed my visit to Postino.  My friend and I sat outside because we felt like the inside was a little too loud.  The patio was pleasant even for an August Phoenix evening.  I ordered bruschetta while my friend got the panini/soup.  We should have shared because the bruschetta was HUGE.  Four huge slices that were each cut into four pieces.  I picked: smoked salmon, brie and apple, caprese, prosciutto with figs.  Everything was awesome.  My mouth is watering just thinking about my meal.  The wine was also good.  I don't know much about wine, but I enjoyed my 2 glasses.  =)
3	I had one of their sandwiches with a mini  picture of beer for lunch the other day.  The building  and atmosphere are great, however the sandwich (paninni) was mostly bread.  The have a geat wine list, and in the cooler months, the patio looks inviting.
5	One word--3 syllables--FAB-U-LOUSAll the best parts of Scottsdale without the annoying snobs!Party of 4 went yesterday and we had a varied sampling from the menu. Had the olives and pub board as appetizers along with a very nice Spanish red wine that was suggested by the server. The Pub Board was fantastic with Portuguese chorizo, cheese, and a very yummy homemade pretzel. The olives were a really great sampling of many different types and they all complimented our wine well too. Hubby had the Autostrada with the potato cheese soup, I had the 9 Iron with soup, friends split the Proscuitto with Brie with chips. All were positively perfect!For dessert, we ordered a bottle of a white Spanish wine Fuente Milano and it had a nice grapefruity after taste that was very cleansing on the palate before we had the Chocolate Bouchon, the Creme Brulee, and the salted carmel sundae. OMG...all were so yummy and the wine went perfectly!The nicest part about Postino is that it isn't on a main Scottsdale Rd. drag....it's actually nestled on a side street off of 39th St. and Campbell. You'd never know it was there if you weren't looking for it but apparently plenty of people know about it because it was hopping at noon yesterday.If you haven't tried it....go. You won't regret it. It was hip, fun, and the food was realistically priced and absolutely DELICIOUS!
4	Met up with a few friends here yesterday afternoon. The decor is awesome! Artsy, minimal, lots of windows and candles. I like the seating: sectional modern couches around rustic tables. I split the bruschetta sampler with my friend [tomato jam, roasted pepper, prosciutto, and salami]. Delicious! It was unlike any appetizer I've had. Very flavourful and different. The tomato jam was especially impressive. Staff is good, my water never went empty, and the atmosphere is very cool. Five stars when I try the wine.
4	This place is really good.  I absolutely love their bruschetta.  For $12 you get to pick four of their takes on the classic.  My favorite was the goat cheese with red peppers-- so tasty.  I had their turkey panini which was really good, and even better at about 2am after a night on the town.The service was really good too.  My water was always full and our waiter was always nearby.One thing I didn't like, however, was that they have cans of soda.  I like fountain soda better, plus this usually means refills aren't free, which is one of my biggest annoyances at a restaurant.
5	I love this place!!!  I love their Happy Hours...  Great place to go with friends and have a glass of wine at the patio
5	Great place.  I've been going here for years and it only gets better!  Is there any way I can get them to open one in Seattle?
3	Girly girls like this place, I have a lot of friends that squeal their exclamations of praise. But honestly, other than it being a cool concept/design, I don't love it. The $20 deal is good value (bottle of wine & bruschetta). Full price is not. The bruschetta ingredients are cold, served on cold, un-toasted bread. I have heard they just have a George Foreman grill back there. So, I find stocking up on the antipasto bar items at Sunflower market & grabbing a bottle of wine more enjoyable at home.
5	Great food.  Great atmosphere.We got an Olive Appetizer, a Cheese Plate, and Bruschetta (Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese, and Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese)I got the "Nine Iron"Hickory smoked bacon layered with grilled chicken, fresh burratamozzarella, lettuce, beefsteak tomato and dijonnaiseMy wife and her friend split the VegetarianGrilled asparagus, roasted artichokes, red onion, vine ripetomatoes, goat cheese and house made pestoAnd, of course, a bottle of wine.  We rolled out of there STUFFED to the gills!We will be going back again soon!There is one problem...if you don't like to give your car to a valet, then you have to walk...far.  On the good side, it's only $3 for valet.
5	One of the best spots in Phoenix. Great atmosphere, great music, great food and reasonable prices. No need to be a wine snob to appreciate this place. Bruschetta is a must as is valet usually.
5	Frequent customer. Love this place. Great neighborhood spot with good food, beer, and wine selection.  Customer service is great and a fun and inviting ambiance.  Try the bruchetta and the picnic salad.
5	We had an event catered last night by Postino for a group of 30.  The event was a fabulous success.  The food was terrific.  The service, both during the planning process and delivery was excellent.  If you've never catered food before, please, for your own sanity, consider Postino.  They have an easy menu.  It's affordable.  They're easy to work with.  They also offer discounts for non-profits.We will be using them for many events in the future.Thank you Postino!
4	Their Bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing.
4	Such a great place!!!!The wine selection is awesome and the bruschetta rocks! If you are still hungry, walk across the parking lot to LGO and get one of the better pizzas in AZ!PERFECT date spot!
5	Gotta love Postino`s!! Everytime I come here, great service!! Love the brushetta and cheese plate, plenty for two,even three people!! And yes, love the wine selections!
4	So relaxed, great food, great drinks. It's a little trendy but it's hard not to be when the atmosphere and food is perfect!!
5	For those of you who know me, or can tell by my reviews, I love love love me some wine! And Postino's is about one of the best places in town to get some. It is difficult for me to venture out away from my usual wine drinking whole.... but I need to through this place back into the rotation more often. The girls and I had a nice late dinner and wine the other night, to catch up over the Thanksgiving holiday. We had two great bottles of wine, the Malbac and the Teprinillo, a cup of amazing spicy corn chowder, artichoke dip, and the brichetta (apple and brea, smoked salmon and pesto, fig and prosciutto, roasted red pepper and goat cheese). Their brischetta makes my mouth water just thinking about it! Our waitress was awesome! Very nice, and took very good care of us, even though there was a miss-hap with out food, we didn't care, we had wine and it was fun! We also just found out about a special they have going on Monday and Tuesday's starting at 8pm..... $20 for your choice of brischetta and a bottle of their house wine. (PS: by house wine they mean any bottle that is on the menu!!!)
4	I know my 2 girlfriends that absolutely LOVE this place will balk at my 4 stars instead of 5. But honestly, I think this place is slightly overrated. Don't get me wrong, I like this place, and I oblige them every time they want to go, but I think 4 stars is just right for the rating. We went there this weekend, and the typical scenario went down. Parking was cramped (lucked out to get a "valet" spot which I parked into myself as it was right out front by the entrance - no I'm not waiting for you Mr. Valet Dude to get into my car and pull it forward into the spot right in front of my face, thank you very much), and there was a short wait (maybe 10-15 minutes). We sat outside, which wasn't ideal since it was cold and drizzly, but we had patio heaters on both sides of our table so it was OK. Sadly we didn't make their $5 wine special, which ends at 5pm, so we were paying full price for the glasses of wine - ranging from $8 to about $12-13. I don't know about you, but I really am not a fan of paying $10 for a glass of wine when I can pay that for an entire bottle. But alas, I had 2 different wines through the course of the night, both on recommendation from the servers, and both decent. We ordered the infamous bruschetta, with the 4 choices being: smoked salmon (YUM!), warm artichoke (tasty), roasted red pepper (still good), and white bean with tomato (OK, but nothing to write home about). For dinner, I had the half & half combo (where you get to choose 2 different items), and I chose the mixed green salad (REALLY delicious, with an awesome combination of greens, pears, grapes, gorgonzola cheese, pecans, & poppyseed dressing) and half of a turkey/pesto pannini. The pannini was QUITE boring. Didn't have much flavor at all. I think it was lacking on the pesto. And honestly, this is what I come to expect at Postino. Some things are just unbelievable and you want to lick your plate clean, and other things are simply boring and tasteless (like the white bean/tomato bruschetta and the turkey/pesto pannini). And hence my rating of 4 stars rather than 5. If the parking was easier, the wines were always $5 a glass, and the food was consistent, I would give it 5 stars. Fair enough?  :)
5	I've been to Postino a few times, but as we all know it is a violation of Yelp TOS to review an establishment until you've been drunk there. What? It's not? Well, I would consider it in poor taste.I got drunk at Postino last night and had a wonderful time. The $20 Bruschetta Board and Bottle of Wine promotion they have Mondays and Tuesdays is a ridiculous steal. I didn't want to be the alcey to ask if that deal was limited to one-per-table as I was fully planning on consuming my own bottle of wine and possibly my own board of bruschetta. Luckily the guys across the bar had the same plan, so I didn't have to. FYI: It is illegal for restaurants to serve you your own bottle of wine. Don't ask how I know. I just know. However, you can split 3 or 4 with one other person and nobody says anything. Don't ask how I know this either. I just know. All of the different bruschetta options are fantastic. The Prosciutto one tasted like Cinnamon Toast to me. That may have been the booze talking. Considering I kept referring to it as "Cinnamon Toast Crunch", I'm going to go ahead and say it was. The roasted red pepper & goat cheese and the apple & brie were equally delicious. Sorry, I don't have a breakfast cereal comparison for them. To top it off, the service is fan-freaking-tastic. Everyone is extremely helpful and seems genuinely HAPPY  that you are there spending money. Clearly, from a business standpoint, this should be a given, but more often than not it isn't. Once I was there with a girl whose recently adopted Greyhound was somehow prompted to dart across the patio like a bat out of hell, knocking over chairs and wine glasses along the way. Not only was the staff RIDICULOUSLY nice about it, a few of the valet guys actually CHASED AFTER this greyhound and I'm pretty sure one of them got into his car to find it. The staff literally organized an impromptu search party for a dog that could run upwards of 60 MPH. That is some damn good service. And, we found the dog.
4	I've experienced Postino two different ways in the past two weeks: a late night visit for tea and sparkling wine and a few days later to grab pick up for my boss and myself. The first visit was a nice intro, I like the location, tucked in on Campbell, and the interior design is cozy (fab chandelier!). The retail wine area at the entrance is awkward to me, because it's cramped and I frankly think you should all be buying wine at my shop so perhaps I'm a touch biased. Anyway, it is a great way for you to take home whatever you enjoyed with your dinner. Damn magnanimity. I wasn't in the mood for drunk biking that night so I skipped the adult beverages for a pot of tea. I get that this is a wine cafe so really no one going here is going to review a cup of tea, except for me. Tea selection was sad. Tea has the same cult following that wine does, so three options seemed half-hearted. And my pot of hot water was only half filled, which, for $2.50 is lame.  Okay I'm done bashing PW. The second time I drove in for a take out order of the bruschetta board. My order was ready, the place was packed and I was able to get in and out in less than 3 mins! We ordered the date and pistachio on ricotta, the fig and prosciutto, the mozz/tomato/basil and the smoked salmon pesto. Great value to order ratio, each slice was huge and pre-chopped into littler bites. The smoked salmon was definitely my favorite, with the runner up being the pistachio/date combo. The MTB was a little dry for me and I don't eat prosciutto so that was for my boss.I love that they have neighborhood night deals and that you can friend them on facebook and get a special word of the day to get $5 glasses of wine no matter what time of night!
5	Postino is still a 5 with me.. Seriously, I havent found anything I love as much in the Valley... Best happy hour for the winos... AND everytime I intro the place to someone.. They love it ! Last Friday I took my fav there.. Hes new to my wine world.. SO this is the place to introduce it to him.. I cant say how friendly I think the staff is.. We stood for quite awhile.. (GUESS the word is out on the bomb Post!).. but the bartender kept checking on us.. the hostess was awesome.. LOVE the bruschettas to this day.. I actually crave them! I love that Postino changes the wine menu... and frequently, by golly! I heart the Postino with the mostest!
5	why is it that you can live somewhere for 3 years and then find the BEST place EVER right before you're moving...so was my fate with this AWESOME place in arizona...postino's is awesome...the wine selection is good, the atmosphere is charming and delightful, and the food is amazing, delicious, and so very reasonably priced!!! the bruschetta is PHENOMENAL and the sampler plate lets you pick and choose which ones you want...(GET THEM ALL!!!!)...seriously, one of the best places in PHX to get drinks, food, and quality times with good friends!
5	I loved Postino. The happy hour was made better by their wonderful wine selection...the happy hour extends to pitchers of beer as well. The bruschetta was phenomenal and I could say the same about our sandwiches. The staff was friendly, helpful, and came by just often enough to make sure our glasses were never empty. We were here in the early afternoon and, with the garage doors open, there was a great breeze throughout the restaurant. I didn't notice one open table yet it didn't feel crowded nor did we have to yell over one another to have a conversation. Next time I am in Phoenix I will definitely be coming back here. Each and every time.
5	Everything was Amazing, I'm in LOVE Hard! Shared a Cheese Course and a Bruschetta Plank. My choice was the Brie & Apples with Fig Spread and Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone (see pics) Absolutely Heavenly! The Cheese, the Bread, OMG, words don't do it justice , just go!
2	This place has to be one of the most overrated restaurants... ever.So this review is for dinner and maybe that is why I was so utterly disappointed.Food:Brushcetta- We sampled the artichoke, pesto with salmon, roasted red peppers with goat cheese, and the fig spread with green apple.  I mean all of them were decent nothing was amazing.  In fact, i think I could easily put together a couple of them myself and have them taste just as good if not better.Nine Iron-  Once again, it was OK.  Nothing special at all.  Just exactly as was described on the menu.Italian Picnic Salad-  Once again, nothing special at all.  Could have made it myself.Service:So on vacation we tend to eat out.  This was our 4th dinner out in a row and the first 3 had impeccable service.  This place did not.  I felt like it was a lot of waiting and waiting more.   We ordered something they did not bring and when we asked for that something we waited and waited....  Servers were nice enough though but they didn't seem that busy on a Sunday night so I would have expected service to be better.Ambiance:Servers-Well, the servers I would classify as Arizona hipsterish.  Like not real hipsters.  They should go to SF to see those.  But definitely trying to be hipstersPeople there- 30- somethings at birthday dinners mixed with 20-somethings on date.  And yes, we did witness a couple making out.  Once again this was 7pm on a Sunday. Spare me please.The Place- First, we asked to sit inside because it was slightly cold.  Well they sit us inside but right next to the open half of the restaurant so it basically was sitting outside but without the heater.  Other than that it was cute inside.Maybe this place was more like 2 1/2 -3 but I was so disappointed with the food and ambiance that I have to round down to 2.  This place is probably great during happy hour but when you're paying full price, it's just so not worth it.
5	Five stars all around:The service is amazing. The food is perfectly presented and full of distinct flavors. The atmosphere is upbeat and relaxed AT THE SAME TIME! I don't know how they did it, but they figured out the recipe for a perfect wine bar...
5	I need to find a way to add glittery stars around this: YUM!!!! DELISH!!!!! I recently ventured to Postino again, and it is probably the only place that I can fall in love with over and over again. Okay..a bit dramatic..but I take food seriously (if you couldn't tell). The location and ambiance are perfect. The interior is decorated very tastefully and the selection of wine is proudly displayed. The patio is wonderful and relaxing. I was there for lunch and ordered the half panini (prosciutto and brie) with a salad (raspberry chicken). The panini was stuffed full of fresh ingredients and perfectly crunchy. The salad was crispy, with delicious chicken and sweet/tart raspberry dressing. The service was impeccable, while all along being super friendly. This seems to be a hard thing to find these days. And on a sidenote...what makes Postino special is not their extravagant extensive menu, but the simplicity and thought that goes into every single ingredient. And these ingredients are of the highest grade and quality. You will not find a load of crap on your plate that you don't need or that kills the true flavors. Heaven. Or at least what I would like to eat there.
4	The $20 bruschetta board and bottle of wine deal is too good to pass up even though I think the bruschetta here isn't that great. The bread is too chewy and I felt like I was fighting with it just to get a bite. Our waiter was fantastic. We got there a little before 8 and asked if it's too early to get the $20 deal and he said "I'll make it happen". He was genuinely nice and gave us several different wines to taste. I'd rather go to Kazimierz but I will definitely come back here on a Monday or Tuesday to take advantage of the wine and bruschetta deal.
4	Ooh la la!  I came here for a quick bite before getting on a plane.  The atmosphere is really cool - nice outdoor seating area, high tables, low tables, and a couple of booths tucked away.  The service was also very pleasant, with the waitress both attentive and friendly.As for the food, I went for the bruschetta.  It's about $13 for four pieces, and I thought that it would be four small toast rounds.  Boy was I wrong - it's a meal in itself.  Each bruschetta is about the size of a hand and cut into four manageable strips.  I tried the tomato/mozzarella/basil (my usual standby), brie/apple/fig and ricotta/dates/pistachio.  Although I was afraid of the more "adventurous" ones, I wound up liking the ricotta and brie bruschetta even more than the tomato/mozzarella one, which totally held its own.  The quality of the food was great and the combinations were somewhat inventive but also worked really well together.  If I'm ever back in Phoenix I'll make sure to visit this location (or its other outpost where a buddy of mine saw the McCains).
4	I've only been here once but it was love at first bite (and sip).A cute wine bar reportedly set in an old Post Office- hence POSTino, but is not apparent with the trendy decor and lively yet intimate atmosphere perfect for a date or group of friends. The Happy Hour on Tuesday really is a steal. I came on a double date, each couple ordering a bottle of wine and bruschetta (arguably pronounced brush-ket-ah) totaling a mere $20 a pair!The wine selection is fairly eclectic. The BF and I rather arbitrarily picked the Carro Red Blend from Spain, a "Postino Exclusive". When it came to the taste test the waitress did not assume the man would decide and let me taste for satisfaction (yes- I felt empowered). Fantastico! Perfect mix of smooth with a kick that's not too bitey or intense. The bruschetta came in generous portions of 4x4, 4 slices of 4 different selections, the perfect amount of food to complement half a bottle of wine. Each was amazing but the gold medal goes to the White Bean and Chopped Tomato. The savory, sweet and tangy flavors will make your tastebuds dance for joy. TIP: avoid the crowd by arriving before 6:30 or after 8:30. Our 7:00 arrival left us waiting 40 min for a table but my 4 stars says it was well worth it!
5	Wow, $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta is an awesome deal.  (Mon and Tues nights)  The wait was long and it was loud inside, but the night was still very enjoyable.
5	Last night I made my second trip to Postino and was in the company of a very lovely young woman. Lucky me :) I had been to this location one other time, but I wasn't there very long and I forgot what I ate. SO, i was really looking forward to this trip. Plus, Amber W was kind enough to give me a gift card for Christmas. Thanks Amber! The parking here is sort of on the ridiculous side because the lot is so small. You have to valet your vehicle. I think it was $3. It was busy when we arrived and were quoted about 25 minutes. So we went over to the waiting area to start with some wine. We didn't even have a chance to order because our table was ready already. We were seated outside and I feared for my date's life because it was a little chilly and I don't think the dress she was wearing was really made for winter nights. Thankfully there was a heater planted right behind her. Our server took our drink orders promptly. I had the Tierra de Luna Malbec. Very good. She had a Reisling, which was very sweet and fruity. Started with the bruschetta and holy schnikes! I could have eaten this all night. We opted for the Smoked Salmon with capers and Pesto, the Tomato, Basil, & Mozzarella, the Ricotta with pistachios and dates, and the Brie with apples and fig spread. All of them were amazing! I am not a salmon fan, but this smoked salmon was delicious! It was also my first attempt at Brie. This too was good. For the meal, my lady friend or special lady, (Big Lebowski random quote) had the Raspberry Chicken salad. It was chunky chicken salad on a bed of greens with a raspberry vinaigrette. I was told it was good. I went for the half panini and soup combo. I had the Vegetarian with the Tomato and Gorgonzola soup. Originally the wrong panini came out. The server got it replaced and put the wrong one in a to go box to take home. Thought that was nice for the mix up. The soup was excellent. It is a very close second to The Roosevelt's tomato soup. The Vegetarian panini was good, but could have used a little more veggies on it. Unfortunately there was no room for dessert, but they all sounded amazing. Overall, a great experience with great food and drink. Service was great and the atmosphere was perfect. Again, thanks Amber W for the gift!!!
4	Popped in for the $5 wine and tasty bruschetta.  As always was amazing.  The wine was a Chardonnay from Washington called Mirth and it was very good.  Being from Washington I was surprised I had never tried it before but I'm glad I know about it now.  I went with 4 kinds of bruschetta first the smoked salmon and pesto one of my fav's then keeping with the pesto theme I had the salami and pesto, then the traditional tomato mozzarella and basil, and last a new one for me tuna and olives which was amazing.  I love this place if you have never been your missing out and if you have been you know it's always a great meal.
4	This place makes me feel sexy. the wine selection is endless and did i mention it made me feel sexy?  I usually shy away from Scottsdale, cause I am not plastic enough............but there is something very earthy and graceful about this place that makes me feel very Audrey Hepburn....watch out Scottsdale, hot moms.   Watch out. The indoor and outdoor seating options  are close together but arranged in such away that you feel tucked away.At first glance, you may be worried that the food will not be filling....WRONG, the paninis and bruschetta menu is plenty and reasonable.  My friends really enjoyed the apple/brie/fig brushetta.  I was happy with the basil/tomato/chicken panini.........stuffed.Little extra bonus.........Valet Parking $3.00 ( which now,  living in chicago....this is cheap).
5	Great wine selection,cozy atmosphere, excellent service and great food.  Its nice to find someplace out side of Scottsdale, nicer than most wine bars in Scottsdale without the SD attitude!  Love it!!
5	So, you're saying that I can get ANY bottle off of the list AND my choice of bruschetta for only $20. What's that? I can start my bottle now and easily move with my meal and my server once my table is ready? And you say that I can do this on Monday and AGAIN on Tuesday, starting at 8pm? Every week? Can this be true?  Thank you, Postino, for having the best wine and food deal in the valley, and creating a great atmosphere in which to enjoy wine with friends. I love wine. So do lots of other people that show up at 8pm sharp, rain or shine, to take advantage of the awesome Monday/Tuesday special. So be prepared to wait for a seat. If you are sharp like a hawk or stealthy like a fox, you might catch one of those coveted bar seats, but otherwise you'll stand at small tables, casually drinking your wine and doing some people watching until the host finds you and guides you to your table. You will love your wine selection. Your bruschetta will be made with the the freshest ingredients on crusty MJ bread, in the perfect proportions. Do try my favorites: Prosciutto, mascarpone, & fig; Red peppers & goat cheese; Ricotta with pistachio & dates; and Pesto with smoked salmon. Happiness served on a wood-cutting board. I paired my bruschetta with a spicy corn chowder, and it was just the best meal for a rainy night. The servers are very cool and know what they are talking about. They will not steer you wrong with a wine selection. If you order a bottle that is not to your liking, no problem! They serve all wine by the glass, so you can easily send it back and try another! They want you to enjoy your experience and selection, and thus have built in the flexibility for people to take risks and try new wines. Have fun with it! My suggestion is to find a friend or two, valet the car, put your name in for a table, get started on a bottle, make laughter and conversation, and finally take your seats, enjoy your food, and order more wine. You will be fully satisfied and will have had a great night. Do recommend it to your other friends, and definitely make plans to return again soon.
5	BEST. BRUSCHETTA. EVER. I now live in Chicago and thought it would be easy to find a good place for bruschetta and wine and NO SUCH LUCK. Postino is the BEST. I am flying back to Arizona next weekend to get some. Delicious.YUM.
4	I've been here a few times, all with a whole bunch of friends and we are loud so I forgive the waiter for forgetting to bring extra dressing or my soup. I WUV this place. I really REALLLLLLY love this place. Their tomato bisque soup is divine. I can't wait to go again and then to LGO for dessert! WOOT WOOT!
4	Like this place needs any more rave reviews....It's everything that yelpers have yelped about: fun atmosphere, vast selection of wine, great bruschetta. We loved the brie and apples. The place is crowded and a little noisy, but food and wine makes up for it!
4	In the words of Herr Bruno...."Fantastiche!"We love to go hear and grab some groovily topped bruchettos and a glass o vino.  Great ambience.  Good people watching.  Super servers.Parking is iffy  Valet sometimes a must.   We usually get there early and have no wait.
4	Love this place!!!   It is so small and dark and quaint!!!  Huge wine selection...and that bruschetta ......Yum!I didn't really need to add my review because there are so many and most agree that is place is great.My favorite thing about Postino is on Mon and Tue nights .....you can buy a bottle of wine and a board of bruschetta for $20 ..plenty for two!Parking can be hard around here...but they offer valet for $3..
3	Solid 3 stars. Limited menu. Would like to go back and try the specials during the week & Happy Hour...
4	I think my previous review was for another restaurant entirely.... whoopsie, my bad. HOWEVER!This weekend I went to Postino's for lunch, for the first time ever.  EVER.  I know!  I thought it was lovely.  I loved the proscuitto sandwich I had, I thought that the menu was concise and a perfectly priced.I will return.
5	Tuesday Night Wine and Bruschetta Special Rawks! I love Postino's just for that.  $20 gets you a bottle of wine and a tray of bruschetta.  This is an AWESOME deal.  My girlfriends and I love it.  We can sit and talk and indulge in great wine and food.Tips:  If you have a large group, make a reservation.  Plan to get there early, it gets packed.  The Tuesday Night special starts at 8pm.
5	I love Postino!  I have visited more than half dozen times.  The waistaff are always friendly yet professional, and the atmosphere can't be beat for a group of friends.  It is not an ideal first date spot because it is "open" seating and usually very full.  However, I meet girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta all the time.  Make sure to have the soup of the day, a great glass of wine (or a bottle!), and DO NOT MISS the bruschetta.Enjoy!
5	Delicious and awesome is really all that needs to be said about this place.  Yes, it has yuppy prices for many things. Yes, parking is absolutely ridiculous -- only one available handicap spot, about 10 other spaces and the rest is valet ($3).That aside, this place is amazing. Whether you sit in the more cozy indoor area, or the warmed-by-heaters-in-the-winter outdoor side, the atmosphere is fun and welcoming. The staff have always been incredibly warm and attendant, and the food?As a vegetarian, I've tried all of the non-meat bruschetta, and while the apple and brie, and goat cheese with red peppers both remain my favorites, they are all amazing.  My partner and our friends love the salami one as well.  The white bean dip and artichoke spread opening course are also delicious.Their sandwiches and salads are both the perfect size, and I was lucky enough the other day to try a cup of soup; tomato gouda. It was divine!If you go after 8 on Monday or Tuesday, they have a "bruschetta sampler" (4 kinds of your choice) and bottle of wine deal for just $20.  A little steep, yes, but the food and the atmosphere are more than worth it. Oh yes, their alcoholic drinks are tasty, and their tropical iced tea is also delicious.Highly recommend!
5	Again, I love this place.  I am seriously considering moving into this area because of the restaurants and businesses, and Postino is on the list of awesome places I can't get enough of.I went here on Saturday afternoon with a girlfriend.  I was really hoping to sit on the patio since it was GORGEOUS out, but of course, we waited till absolute prime weekend lunch time and were forced to sit inside.  I make this sound horrible but it isn't at all, I was just being dramatic.  It turned out great because we sat at the bar next to this super cute, chatty couple and talked with the very nice, helpful bartender.  They roll up the garage door windows and open the doors when it is nice, so it was almost (not quite) like we were on the patio.  One plus: no bees inside.  My friend and I decided we would day drink (why not? it is the weekend) so she ordered a mimosa and I a Bellini.  Fresh juice paired with champagne (sparkling wine, prosecco, cava, bubbly, whatever) = delicious.  AND all glasses of wine and beer are only $5 from 11:00am - 5:00pm.  Thank you, may I have another?After our second adult beverage we ordered olives and brushetta.  Both were delicious and perfect for a light lunch.  I probably could have sat there all day had we not made movie plans.  Probably better that way anyways, I wouldn't want to overstay my welcome (or not be able to drive myself home because of Bellini imbibement).  All in all, another great experience at Postino, maybe I will check out the new one on Central next time....
5	everything about this restaurant is great.  scottsdale vibe without all the attitude.  good wine and great food at reasonable prices.
5	Hands down the best wine bar in Phoenix.  Great atmosphere, music, deals and wine.  This is the number one place on my list for those who have a sophisticated pallet.  It is busy there for a reason and definitely worth the wait.
4	This is always on my list of spots to visit when I'm in Arizona.  Their bruschettas are amazing and their cheese plates are thoughtfully coordinated and tasty.Also, they have great deals on Wednesdays if you become a fan of them on Facebook.The waitstaff is helpful and knowledgeable - they know exactly how often to check in, and how to talk to you about things you might want to try without venturing into "PUSHY" territory.Expect a wait anytime after 5, and all weekend long.  It's never a problem for me, though.  Just imagining that board filled with perfectly topped bruschettas, waiting for me to devour makes the 20-40 minutes infinitely more reasonable...
5	Postino - $5 pitcher's of Odell IPA.   What more needs be said?A great reuse of a 1950's post office with a perfect menu while enjoying a glass of wine or the aforementioned pitcher of beer.  My wife and I lingered her over two lunches on a recent vacation and even stopped by for a quick drink on the way to the airport; couldn't get enough of this place's charm.The bonus is its location - across from La Grande Orange Bakery which is also super cool and Radio Milano across the street.  Anyone living in this neighborhood better realize how lucky they are.
5	DEEEEEELISH!Went to Postino with co-workers for lunch today. It's the perfect place for a Friday lunch, especially when the weather is nice. We sat inside but they had the "wall" open so it's was kinda indoor/outdoor which added to the nice atmosphere of the place.They had $5 drinks so we all indulged (it was Friday after all). I had a mimosa that was made with freshly squeezed orange juice. Very tasty.For lunch I ordered a half prosciutto and brie sandwich and half mixed greens salad. Both were delicious.The sandwich came on ciabatta bread that was nice and fresh. It included several slices of prosciutto, a nice thick slice of brie, arugula and fig spread. At it was served toasted. The fig gave a nice sweet compliment to the salty prosciutto and the brie gave it a nice warm gooeyness.The salad was mixed greens with grapes, pear, and candied walnuts with a light vinaigrette dressing. I love fruity salads and this one did not disappoint. Everything was very fresh and the dressing was flavorful.They also offer a good variety of bruschetta so it would make a great place for happy hour if you just wanted a drink and a little bite to snack on.One minus - parking sucks. We did the valet, which is free but you know you gotta tip so it's not really free.
5	Last night I had a friend call that was at the end of her week, her rope and needed simplicity (I never would have guessed that being called simple was a compliment).  I mentioned a few places like the Vig, El Chorro, even Tee Pee for a few libations.  She texted back that simplicity was the goal and wine was needed.  Postino, here we come.  Only a minute walk from home (had to through that in!) and never a need to find parking!Waited only 5-10 minutes for a table.  Miles is always quick with water and olives for starting off.  We ordered the bruschetta, of course (Brie & Apples 2x, Prosciutto/Fig, Salmon.)  She was craving a spanish tempranillo and I settled on a zinfandel.  Talking, eating, drinking, lounging ensued...  Then, the phone starts ringing, a few different calls lining up the weekend, climbing etc.  Dhargya called and he mentioned that he and friend were heading to Postino Central, a quick re-direct and they were on the way here.  Wouldn't you rather join good friends?They arrived and of course Postino staff is very accommodating.  Chairs were brought over immediately, wine and champagne ordered quickly.  Another great evening with great friends at the best Wine Bar in Phoenix! Try the happy hour special one day soon and avoid waiting for a table or attempting to find parking, 11am-5pm $5 wine glasses.  Perfect place for catching up with friends at 3pm in the afternoon.
5	I decided to start celebrating my birthday a night early so we came to Postino's to take advantage of their Tuesday night special. The parking lot was packed so we opted to valet which was only $3. We got here at 7:30 and although they quoted us about a 25 minute wait, we only waited about 15 minutes. The outside patio is pretty cute with the lights and bushes and they have heaters to keep you warm on a chilly night. You can choose ANY bottle on their menu and get a board of bruschetta for $20. We went with a bottle of a California Cab (delicious, I almost drank the whole bottle myself), a board of bruschetta, and the nine iron panini. Mike is a pretty picky eater, but I thought I was going to have to fight him for one of the pieces of prosciutto with figs & mascarpone he liked it so much. I love getting him to try new things and even more so when he actually likes them. The smoked salmon with pesto and warm artichoke pieces were also delish. The nine iron was also very tasty. The bacon and mozzarella were definitely the stars of this dish. The mozzarella just melted in your mouth. The staff here was so friendly. Our water glasses were never empty and someone was always checking in on us. I was also walked to the bathroom when I asked where it was.Thanks for making our first visit so great!
5	This place is absolutely fabulous!  It has a quaint, relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff, and their bruschetta is absolutely amazing!  The portion sizes are generous, to say the least.  My friend and I split a turkey sandwich, and it was definitely more than enough to feed the both of us (with some left over!).  I would highly recommend this little gem to anyone who appreciates good food and great value.
5	Still my fav wine bar.. I just dont get it wrong when I suggest Postino to anyone.. they love it as much as I do.. Tonight I noticed the crowd seemed a bit older.. and the bruschetta wasnt sliced real mouth friendly.. but that is okay.. your still high in my book Postino:-)
5	City girls find Postino. Last night my cousin brought me to this place and I fell in love with it. The ambiance is warm and inviting. The staff was courteous, very pleasant, and incredibly attentive; they came around often to check up on us. Stevie (bartender) was great! Ahhh Bruschettas.. What can I say? Plainly delicious, amazing selection, our four choices were all sinfully mouth-watering. The star of the night, the Wine was just delightful. This is our new Tuesdays spot! This city girl just had New York City moment in Arizona.
5	first time here the coke'd up owner stopped by our table and hit on my girlfriend. I would have never come back if he wasn't doing such a kick ass job with this place. Its really well done. The one wall opens up onto a wooden deck letting in the warm breeze. Food is well done and they have an excellent beer and wine selection. Style and substance. Prices aren't so bad either.
5	This place is one of Arcadia's treasures.  The wine selection is amazing here but it would be nothing without the educated, considerate, polite and helpful employees.  i have never had a bad night at this establishment.  My favorite night to go is on Tuesday's because they have the best deal in town-a board of Bruschetta (4) and a bottle of wine from their special menu for $20.  Plus if you don't finish the bottle-you can bag it and take it home!My favorite Bruschetta are the roasted peppers w goat Cheese, the Apple and Fig and the Prosciutto and Mascarpone one...Mmmmmmm Delish!If you haven't been in yet and you love to lounge, drink wine and listed to good music-GO HERE.
5	Peace. Love. Drinks. Music.What a mission statement!  And how wildly Postino succeeds!  I LOVE this place. lovelovelove.Arrived in the afternoon prior to flying home to take advantage of the generous 11-7 happy hour with 5 dollar glasses of wine and pitchers of beer.  Was greeted by a lovely gentleman who asked if we wanted a "proper table," but since we did not, he escorted us to a loungey area and seated us at two super comfy chairs with a nice table in between.The place itself is a former historic post office; the space itself is funky and fun, with lots of natural light coming in and wonderful music!  We jammed to Bloc Party, Passion Pit, and so many other great songs.  As we sampled their libations, here were some highlights:-Bellini: so fresh and tasty and only 5 bucks!-Pinot Noir: can go so wrong, but was so right, especially for 5 bucks!-Pitcher of beer: a yummy, citrusy wheat beer; about 2 and a half glasses to these pitchers, but again, only 5 bucks!-Pub Board: yummy, warm, salted pretzel bites, excellent cheese, chorizo, and corn nuts. Great with beer.-Bruschetta: OMG so good!  One order gets you four large bruschettas (cut in half for sharing). We loved the goat cheese with roasted red peppers, brie and apple with fig spread (swoon!), white bean with tomatoes, and salami with pesto. Oh so yummy.The service was amazing, the vibe was oh so cool, and the food and drinks were priced well and yummy.  To me, this place is like what many LA places try to be, but they actually succeed without being pretentious or overpriced. Seriously, do I need to move to Phoenix?
4	Good food and wine = Yay!  No parking = Boo!  All in all, a nice place to visit on a week night.  I hear the happy hour is awesome, but I have never been during the happy hour time frame.
5	Everyone talks about the bruschetta and for good reason (so the 5th star is really for the bruschetta).  Good portion sizes and very delicious.  My friend and I ordered the tomato/basil/fresh mozzarella, salami and pesto, tomato jam and fresh sheep's milk cheese, and prosciutto with figs & mascarpone.  All very delicious!We also ordered a vegetarian panini and a turkey one with romain salad.  We were so full after the bruschetta.  I managed to finish half of my sandwich and the salad.  The panini's are fine, not amazing, but yummy.  I think next time I'm in town I'll have the bruschetta and a salad. What's nice is they let my well-behaved dog join us on the patio.
4	When I first saw the menu, I wasn't sure if this place was going to live up to the hype.  It appears that they pretty much just have a handful of appetizers and a few different panini's and bruchetta.  Wow, was I mistaken!  This place definately lives up to the hype.  The artichoke dip and hummus were like the best I've ever had.  The wait staff was very friendly, helpful and prompt with everything.  This would be a great place to kick back with some friends, have a few drinks and enjoy some amazing food.
3	I'm having to bump this place, whose food I love, down to three stars after my last visit.  I took my best friend, visiting from out of town, here, because I love the food some much.  I wound up feeling like an idiot for talking it up so much.We got seated quickly, and were given water.  The waiter asked us if we'd like drinks while waiting for my partner, and I ordered an iced tea. That was the second to last time we saw him.  10 minutes later, still waiting for my partner, and for my iced tea.Finally, she showed up, and he came back to take our order. Still no iced tea -- he told me it was on the way.  We ordered.My soup came out first (I had wanted it WITH my grilled cheese), and finally, 30 minutes after having sat down, I got my iced tea.The food, as always, was amazing. The veg friendly broccoli cheddar soup was soup-er tasty (haha...sorry, it's early), and as usual, the bruschetta and paninis were good too.The problem arouse when we wanted to leave. My bestie wanted a box for her other half of her sandwich, and our server was no where to be found. Upon further look, he was seated at a table at the back of the restaurant. Now, when I used to work in the service industry, even if you were going on break, you'd either finish your tables first, or hand them to another server and let your tables know. He did neither.We flagged down not one, not two, but THREE different people trying to get a box and our bill.  The table next to us, who sat after us, got both their dessert AND their bill before we could even get ours. All three people we asked said they'd bring box and bill right out; no dice.  FINALLY, we got the bill. It took another 5 or 6 minutes to get the cards back to sign.My friend, while she loved the food, was surprised I'd recommended a place with such poor service.  I explained it had never been that way before.  Regardless, it's going to be a little while before I go back; I don't usually have 90+ minutes to waste.
5	Postino has one of the best happy hours I've ever been to! I wish I lived in the area so I could go back. The vibe is just mellow and coooool (with my hand flat, slowly motioning from right to left). We had a long wait for a flight and thought we would stop by for their 11-7 happy hour. They had a nice selection of $5 wines and pitchers of premium beers. For $5 you really can't go wrong, but despite the low price the quality of everything I had was fantastic. You must also try their bruschetta. We tried a selection of them and they were all amazing. My favorite was the goat cheese with roasted peppers. The service was great throughout, especially since we took up a prime table for about 4 hours. Our goal was to taste everything and we almost did it before our flight! Just another reason why Phoenix is a pretty cool city. Just as San Diego should stay classy, Phoenix should stay coooool!
5	Love this place- there's a vibe here that's just fun and vibrant.  And I am addicted to their bruschetta and their antipasto plate.  How good is this place?  Some days, I get physical cravings for their bruschetta and I just have to have some- or when I am having a bad day- you guessed it- having some of their bruschettas makes me feel better.I've had bruschetta at other restaurants but none compared to the ones from Postino.  I think when they spread that topping on those yummy bread, they are thinking good cheer and loving thoughts- how else can you explain the addictive qualities of toppings placed on top of pieces of bread?Love this place and I' would go back again and again.
5	The owners of Postino, LGO, Chelsea's and Radio Milano have the right recipe!  I highly recommend this place for:wine selectiongreat date nightdelicious bruschetta the laid back music$20 bottle of wine and bruschetta Mon & Tues$5 winesday drinking
5	Ohhhh Postino how I love you! I have been to Postino about 10 times and why now am I finally reviewing it...because today was my first lunch experience! And the best part about it, the patio is dog friendly! So me and my 4 legged companion sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful AZ spring weather.  I also enjoyed my Italian Picnic salad and Halo (my wonderful Belgian Malinois puppy) enjoyed a deep bowl of water with ice cubes! The service is always friendly.  The food is always amazing.  They have great specials. What else do you need to read, I advise you to stop what you are doing (but finish reading my review) then head over to Postino.  I will tell you to go with no intention of being in and out because I have yet to dine with out a wait.  Get yourself a glass of wine and chill out.
5	This place puts out some darn tasty grub at an affordable price, with a hip crowd and daily drink specials.I've only been for lunch (2 or 3 times), but each meal has exceeded my expectations.  I would definitely recommend the bruschetta, where you get to pick 4 out of at least 9 different toppings, which all come on toasted bread.  If I recall, the tomato jam and sheep's milk was my favorite, but I also enjoyed the apple, fig and brie, as well as the roasted red pepper and goat cheese.  My wife had the tuna sandwich and salad, and even with just a half sandwich, I still had to help her finish it...bummer.Be prepared to valet your car, as both locations have limited parking, but you definitely feel like a celebrity dining at Postinos!
5	Loooooove this place! Especially on Mon and Tues when you can get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. Their different types of bruschetta are what make this place amazing. The prosciutto w/ fig; red pepper and goat cheese; and brie w/ apple are my favorites. Ambiance is great too. You can walk in dressed up or dressed down and not feel out of place. Lighting is low. Mood is chill. Service is great too.
5	I've been craving to wine and dine here for so long, since my friends rave about it. So I finally got my opportunity to experience Postinos yesterday... Sunday Funday. It definitely felt like summer w/  the live reggae band that actually sounded more like Jack Johnson... enjoyed the music either way... while drinking amazingly refreshing sangrias. I was eager to order from their impressive wine list (definitely next time), but my friend influenced me to taste the sangria... which I'm normally not a big fan of... But it wasn't overly sweet at all.  We of course ate their infamous bruschettas... delicious!  Service was super friendly and attentive.
5	Its hard to put into words what makes Postino so enjoyable.  The bruschetta/sandwhiches/salads are great, the wine is great, the staff is great, and the building is great.But Postino is even better than the sum of its parts.  The view out of the big open garage doors is relaxing and chill, the staff has a cool Urban Outfitters-type vibe, and.... my favorite...$5 wine before 5pm (or $5 pitchers)!!!  Three out of every four Sundays my wife and I are there around 4, sharing a bittersweet moment reminiscing about the weekend that passed and discussing the work week to come.Yesterday she said "I wish we could find a Postino on every vacation we take."    I think that sums it up - I always feel like I'm relaxed on a little vacation when I'm at Postino.
4	Mmmmmm..... still enjoying my Reisling Buzz, this place was great.Went here with a group of seven, had a lot of fun.  This place would be a great date place, nice atmosphere.    Bruschetta was amazing, the one with fig, ricotta, and pistacios was my favorite.  The sampler was a great way to try a bunch.  Tuna sandwich was also excellent along with the salad.  I'm in Arizona for another couple weeks, I hope to make it back!
5	Postino is the go to favorite for the Arcadia crowd. If you have good friends bring them and enjoy the ambiance. On a beautiful sunny day the doors of the old post office are open ,creating a breezy inviting atmosphere. Begin your meal with the plate; an assortment of goodies all piled onto a cheese board. Next enjoy the brie and prosciutto sandwich with fig spread. Pair it with a $5 glass of Prosecco or a big bold Cab and you have yourself a relaxing and enjoyable day with buddies. You can't beat it! After lunch you can even walk next door to LGO and shop for goodies! Gifts, Children's books, Candles, deserts by Tammie Coe, and wine!
5	Every single time I go to this place, I walk out of that beautifully transformed post office and just think, "wow, that was perfect." I have continued to bring friends and family there and Postino always exceeds the "talking up," I do beforehand. With a knowledgeable staff, great food and comfortable ambiance, Postinos hits it out of the park for being one of my all-time favorite restaurants. Great Job!
5	So, I'll keep this short and sweet, since reviewing Postino's is like writing a review of your best friend - there is never enough space and there is no doubt I will forget something! But in general, I always have a great time at Postino's! Love, luv, luhv the brushetta with my favs right now being fig and prosciutto, brie with apples, the white bean and pesto and salami! You also can't go wrong with their salads and sandwiches! Plus, I heart that the GF BF can make his own brushetta experience by ordering the platter off the appetizers list! It's basically a deconstructed brushetta platter with all the fixins!! The by the glass wines are usually very good, although they mostly will be ones you have never heard of! Never a bad thing to try something new! Their by the bottle selection rocks and I so appreciate their few nods to Washington wines like DeLille etc! Finally, what makes me love Postino's aside from my wonderful company, are the servers! I have to show some love for Dominic, who is simply wonderful and always takes such good care of us (thanks for picking out all the bright green olives for us yesterday!) He is GF too so he feels the plight of all of you trying to avoid that evil flour! Also a treat to see Troy as well! Finally, don't miss the $5 glasses before 5 pm on all days, including Sat and Sunday! It may make me slow on Monday morning, but at least I'm still smiling from the memories!! Thanks Posties!!
5	LOVE the brushetta!Great location - fabulous service - and nice wine selection!
5	This is one of my favorite places around. So much so that it's been labeled my official "date" restaurant. I've been here a trillion times (okay, maybe not that much), but have always had good experiences here - even when I accidently lit a napkin on fire at the table. I have very little patience for waiting anywhere, but I will wait a half an hour to be seated here, which is pretty often on busy weekends with a party more than two. The wine list is hand-selected and always amazing. The bruschetta is TDF (which, is one of the things I miss most about being #glutenfree), I recommend the ricotta and pistachios and the apple one. Their sandwiches are amazing (although I don't actually like their focaccia bread, I always went with the cibata). The waiters generally remember who you are, and some of them even remembered the wine I get so much so that when they rotated it out of the menu they were genuinely concerned and addressed it as soon as I arrived! On Sundays and (I think) a weekday night, they have live music. SUCH a great ambiance! If you love olives as much as I do, you have to try the olive sampler platter. It's brilliant. Even their soups are delicious. If I ever move, I will miss this place for sure. Oh, and try the creme brule. It's a must!
4	Sometimes you have to wait  a little bit, and you have to valet (but its right in front!) since you wont find parking, it is all so worth it. Very cute, everyone is so friendly and makes sure you are taken care of. They have a great wine list which they change frequently and the best part about postino is.. the bruschetta!! Have to get the apple, fig and brie cheese, I am serious!!
5	My favorite place on a Monday or Tuesday night!  $20 for a huge plate of bruschettas and a bottle of wine....need I say more?  The atmosphere is just right.  Low key and classy feel.  I almost want to say Starbucks for wine, but I think it's pushing it.  I don't mind attending this fine dine and wine place any other night, but if you're free on Monday or Tuesday...why not?
4	Decided to try this place out after hearing how great it is from both the reviews on here and from word of mouth. It is an awesome little hangout spot with a great selection of wine and beer and you can't go wrong with any food consisting of bread, brie, prosciutto, figs and the like.  The valet parking and the Range Rovers out front made me nervous for the clientele that comes here (as my boyfriend and I pull up in my Kia) but I have never had such excellent service.  In fact when we walked in we were slightly overwhelmed and didn't quite know who to talk to about a table when the hostess walks up to us and asks if we needed help and my boyfriend blurted out "we don't know what we're doing!" and without even smirking she said she'd take our name for our table of 4 and then come find us when one was available, in the mean time we could get a drink and wait at the cocktail tables. Not 30 seconds from when we walked over to the table another waiter walked up to us and asked if we needed a drink and showed us the drink menu. All this at 6:30pm on an already busy Friday night! About 15 minutes pass, our friends show up, we have our drinks and then a section of the bar opens up at the end that nobody else has taken so another waitress/hostess/whatever asks us "are you a table of 4? would you like to sit here?" We aren't fussy so we just sit and here we are the rest of the night. My friend even got a free Fish Head (Dogfish?) beer for just being right there when they accidentally poured the wrong one for another patron. I'll definitely have to check this out again on one of the happy hour nights, our waiter got me with the "Bruschetta Board and bottle of wine for $20 on Tuesday nights"!
5	I've always been a big fan of Postino but don't make it down there very often. A couple of weeks ago I met some friends to hike Camelback. After a struggling hike, we went to Postino to enjoy some food and drinks. What a perfect day! We sat outside on the patio and were cooled by misters. Our attentive servers brought us water right away. I started with fresh squeezed lemonade then had a mimosa. My friend and a bellini and the guys had some IPA (I think it was $5 a pitcher??) I can't go to Postino without having some of their infamous bruschetta... we ordered the artichoke, tomato jam, prosciutto/fig, and date/pistachio. Every bite was delicious! Can't wait to go back!
5	Seeing as how I live within walking distance, Postino is absolutely one of my local staples. The service is always great, the food is excellent and the wine list is constantly rotating. The overall atmosphere is always inviting and honestly, I can't say enough great things about this place. Whenever I have someone visiting, this is always on my list of places to go. It's hard to provide a review of a specific time there since I go often but that should speak volumes since nobody would go back to a place over and over again if it weren't great!
5	There is NOTHING bad to say about this place - excellent food, great service, all wine $5/ glass in the afternoon. My friends and I always make it a point to dine here (sometimes twice) when we are in the area. Embiance is great, too - roll up doors make it indoor/outdoor seating. Eat here, you won't regret it; in fact you'll thank me!
4	If you are ever in PHX, go here.  An old friend of mine owns this place.  Food is awesome and the staff rules!  (Tom T. ;))  The wine selection will melt your soul and the atmosphere is killer.  Have fun.
5	Postino is one of my favorite places around. It is such a cute little place in an old post office that opens up so there is an inside area and also a patio area but the inside area is breezy and still sort of outdoors. Their bruschetta is soooo good! My favorites are the apple & brie and also the roasted peppers with goat cheese. Their sandwiches, salads and soups are all really good as well. I never leave here feeling grossly full or guilty about what I ate, everything is fresh and the portions are good. There is tons of different wine and they are very informative and thorough if you ask about the wine selections! Well priced, great place to meet up with friends or go on a date. I've never had a bad experience here--service, food, wine, all good.Cute location too. I would suggest doing the Valet parking because spaces to park are extremely limited. There is a small parking lot across the street but it fills up fast. Also, if you sign up to be on their email list, you get a coupon for a free plank of bruschetta!!
5	I really love this place and it seems like everytime I go it's packed so the word is out on this great wine cafe, the bottom line is get the bruschetta and enjoy your favorite wine with friends in this nice environment for socializing and enjoying your favorite vino.
5	Best place for lunch!  Five dollar glasses off their wonderful wine menu, plus the brushetta is off the charts, and the chicken salad is the best I've ever had!  Would eat there everyday if I lived closer.
5	One of my fav places that I would recommend to anyone! The atmosphere is intimate and trendy. They have a good wine selection and delicious food. I would recommend the bruschetta which comes in 12 different flavors. The Brie & Apple and the Prosciutto & Figs are the best in my book. The staff is also friendly and helpful. They provided me with some great suggestions on wine after asking a few questions. Overall, it's just a great place to go for any occasion.
5	Went to Postino last night with a large group of friends. They accommodated us in a special spot that was both intimate and allowed 15 of us to sit comfortably. Had the brie, prosciutto and fig jam sandwich. OMG, so awesome. Such a good, simple, but amazing panini. Would recommend this wine bar. You definitely get what you pay for. Some might think the price is too expensive, but trust me you'll love everything you have here.
4	So I have to admit I really was not excited about going to this place. I am not a big bread eater unless its bread on a sandwich and one of the specialties here is their bruschetta, strike 1. I have tried bruschetta and have never been a big fan. I have heard there is no parking and that you had to get the valet to park your car, strike 2. Ok so I do love my wine and so I gave in and agreed to try it. The place was packed on a Thursday afternoon and we were seated at a high-top table by the door, strike 3. Turns out the the brushetta was outstanding. We ordered a combo of four selections, Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Albacore Tuna with Gaeta Olives, Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios & Smoked Salmon with Pesto, all were excellent and all for 12 bucks. I also ordered, against my will, instead of wine the Cucumber Honey Lemonade. It really sounded disgusting and ended up to be amazing. For desert we ordered the Vanilla bean ice cream with chocolate covered corn nuts, a pretzel stick and salted caramel. They must make the caramel fresh as the unmistakable smell filled the restaurant a couple minutes after ordering it. Oh and that table by the door turned out to be a great spot for people watching and the valet was friendly and quick. I can admit when I am wrong, I can't wait to go back again!
5	I love this place!!! Amazing wine list that changes frequently, great food, fun atmosphere - what more could you ask for??? The bruschetta are to die for!!! Prosciutto, marscapone cheese and figs are Camille H's favorite. I could eat an entire plate of the salmon pesto bruschetta. The artichoke was amazing as was the roasted pepper and goat cheese. My mouth is watering, just thinking about it!!! Camille H and I have been here a few times and always do bruschettta and share the picnic salad - goat cheese, beets, bacon.....so so wonderful. This place is loud - not necessarily a good place for a  first date if you want to get to know each other, unless yelling is your thing. Although, if you are both very hot, and love to see and be seen, this is a great spot for that!I would NOT recommend bringing a child here. It's too loud and the food has too many "adult" ingredients.OH and I learned (the $3 way) that you always say to the Valet that you are going to Le Grand Orange, and not Postino because then you don't have to pay for the valet service.
4	I had a business lunch here, very cool vibe, great sandwhich, I'd go back even though parking is a pain.
5	Yum! and more Yum!  We went for dinner and got really lucky that we didn't have to wait. The bruschetta is wonderful and they have a great wine selection.  Just thinking about how good everything was makes my mouth water and I want to go back.
5	Third time is definitely a charm. First time: I had a gift certificate, tried the panini and an awesome selection of red wine I can't remember. After hearing so many great things about Postino, I was quite disappointed that night. My panini was just.   Yup. just. Second time: I came here with a friend and it was his first time. Since it was our 3rd stop for happy hour that night, it was a bit hazy. Third time: I decided to try this place again with my brother and my sorority sister who needed a ride to the airport. We did the bruschetta, and bottle of wine for $20, and it more than made up for my first experience here. The Grayson was such a good cabernet selection. My brother even bought another bottle to take home for our dad's birthday. It's also $9 off any bottle you buy to take home. We ordered our board of 4 bruschetta, and although they made a mistake on two, they made it up to us by bringing out the original two we ordered, so we tried 6 different bruschettas. They were all different, ranging from sweet to savory, but none of them were bad. The service here is really awesome, and it's consistently good. I can't wait to come back to try the other bruschetta flavors!
4	OK.  We've all been here a million times in the evening for bruschetta and wine.I was in the area and decided to give them a try for lunch.The nine iron panini was fantastic.  I ordered it on ciabatta bread and the chicken, bacon, burrata, lettuce and tomato ingredients made this a winner.It was strange being here during the day, and not drinking wine, but I'll definitely be back soon for another panini for lunch.
5	The $5 wine by the glass every afternoon is such a total win I still can't get over it. Went there before a flight last week to kill time and it was an awesome vibe--pretty full at 1pm on a Wednesday. Friendly bartenders--and did I mention wine is $5 a glass every afternoon? (Beer is also $5 per pitcher.) Try the sparkling sauvignon blanc. Made me want to buy a house in walking distance and move in.
5	Postino is one of my FAVORITE restaurants I have ever been to.  I always make sure to be very hungry when I go.  I can't say enough good things about it so I will try to be as concise as possible.My friends and I usually go on Friday and Saturday nights and it is understandably busy.  We all usually grab a delicious glass of wine and don't mind the short wait at all.  I cannot say enough nice things about the staff here.  They are always very polite, friendly, and conscious of getting us seated as soon as possible.We always order one or two planks of bruschetta to start out.  I have had them all and love them equally.  To follow that I usually order the prosciutto and brie panini.  All the ingredients taste so fresh and the bread is equally delicious (I have to admit I am picky about bread, coming from San Francisco sourdough land) I have to admit that all the food and wine fill me up so I have never tried their desserts but I am sure they are amazing as well.The food is amazing.  The service could not be better.  The ambiance is nice and casual. The price is more than reasonable.  I have no criticisms for this restaurant and encourage everyone to go!
4	Happy Hour ReviewIt's always fun trying out a happy hour in a new city - we know that happy hour is happy hour anywhere, from New Zealand to Memphis. So, when I set out for Phoenix to spend some quality time with family, my one goal for the low-key weekend was to hit up a local happy hour.My great-aunt had heard good things about Postino's and Yelp confirmed it was a solid happy hour bet - coming up 2nd in the search queue. So great-aunt & grandmother in tow, I headed for Postino (quaintly named as the location formerly housed a post office!) for their Sunday afternoon reggae and white sangria. I first noted the full parking lot, which I came to find out later - has discouraged some other relatives from visiting Postino. But for an LA-kid, the fact that free nearby lots and street parking was available - well, ain't that a novel concept?I also noted was that we did have to add our names to a waiting list; happy hour is not at the bar, per se, it's to be ordered from your seats. So we bopped around the adjacent La Grande Orange shop to bide our time - it also seemed like a good time with good food (albeit loud & busy). Thankfully, our wait was short and we were sat outside, which was fine in the 95 degree temperature - almost everywhere seems to have nice shading and misters.My gang of three forwent the $5 wine and beer deals and instead opted for the Sunday special - $5 white wine sangria. I quite enjoyed mine, but my HH partners thought it a bit sour and added splenda. There are no food deals on the happy hour menu, but the prices are not too wallet-depleting. I got the  1/2 Italian Market Salad (greens tossed with roasted beets, goat cheese, bacon (no bacon for me!) and walnuts topped with crisped root vegetables in herb vinaigrette) and  1/2 vegetarian sandwich (grilled Asparagus, roasted artichokes, red onion, vine ripe tomatoes, goat cheese, and house-made pesto) for $9.50 and a cup of the Brocolli-cheddar soup for $2.50. I didn't leave any room for the bruschetta, but it sounded great - you pick four options of toppings (including brie & apples with fig spread; smoked salmon or salami with pesto; white bean with chopped tomato; ricotta with dates & pistachios, and more) for $12.75.The crowd was pretty homogenous - youngish professionals on family time listening to the one-man reggae band. I think it'd be a great spot to catch up with a girlfriend over the weekend. And I'd love to see what kind of crowd the early evening/evening brings. To me, it seems weeknights would be optimal for a date night.I also wonder about the 11-5 happy hour, which is great for the weekend, but I wonder who can partake on weekdays...
5	Absolutely nothing better than the bruscetta, boards and wine...other than the atmosphere.  straight out of old portland for those who love a real hangout place.  hot day or cold, this place just warms you up and keeps it cool.
5	Love this place. Food is consistently delicious. They have great happy hour wine specials and a kick butt list. I dig that the servers all help each other, it makes for great service all the time. They also get to wear what they want which is awesome. It feels like the employees of MetroPark and the Buckle are serving me food. If they had more carb free items I'd eat here all the time.
4	Another friends birthday tonight. And all I can say about this place is wow. Personally I love wine bars, the ambiance can be so indulgent. Postino's did not disappoint. With a cool cast and crew of waiters and cooks; the atmosphere was like a kool dry place. I do wish there was more seating; but what can you do about that? Bring a smile & your love here and the night will feel forever young!
5	Reggae Sundays are not to be missed. We went this last weekend and had a blast. I've spent a lot of time in Spain and they served the best sangria I've ever had--by far.Postinos is ALWAYS good. But Reggae Sundays are a real treat.
5	Been here twice and plan on visiting again. The bruschetta platters are amazing. Also, Im a huge fan of  the Cucumber Honey Lemonade. Just remember one thing...be open minded about trying new things. Its all fresh! Nothing processed or frozen. Good luck and enjoy :-)
5	When I visit an other place for dinner, this is the benchmark. I love the food and service is always top notch. You have to pay to park, but its worth it. Work your way through the menu, its a great way to spend the summer.
4	Postino Winecafe remains very close to my heart. In a foodie way, too.My boyfriend and I came here on a hot humid Thursday night. The lightings were great to bring a date or to catch up with a friend and there were fairly good amount of room noise to keep your conversation on the privacy level. The service was just lovely. Oh, the little "Gum" note-card was utterly cute. You can either spit your gum on the note-card or exchange phone numbers. :)The first time I visited Postino, I wanted to come back for more of their bruschettas. My boyfriend and I shared the various bruschetta platter: 1. Brie & Apples with Fig Spread - He quickly picked this because the first time he had it became his favorite and was confident that I would absolutely love it, and I did -- I loved the sweet taste of the fig with the crunchiness of the apples. yummm! The composition of the brie, apples and fig gives this bruschetta a sweet taste.2. Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil - Since we had 3 more bruschetta options to pick, we went for something light and simple. Everything was fresh! The combination of the mozzarella, tomato and basil was simple yet blended wonderfully together. 3. Smoked Salmon with Pesto - This was probably my least favorite out of the four, but it was okay. Although the capers were mouth bursting with favors -- which was delish, but it didn't do much justice for the slight fishy taste of the smoked salmon.4. Ricotta with Dates and Pistachios - By the end of the night, he declared that this became our favorite bruschetta, evar! I think they toasted the dates a bit or something of that sort, but it was perfect. The pistachios weren't dry and the ricotta wasn't an overload. All three components made it tasted like sweet heaven in your mouth. When I think of bruschetta, I immediately think savory, but there's nothing wrong with a dessert bruschetta, right? I think not. The texture of this was just perfect. No complaints here!He and I tend to order enough to feed 4 hungry men when we dine out. So we also called for the Panini -- the Vegetarian Panini on ciabatta to be exact. We had the side salad with crumb goat cheese. Meh, I didn't care much for this panini, maybe because I was already full off of the tasty bruschettas!There's a $3 charge for Valet. But it's all worth it!I am definitely coming back for their bruschettas once I fly out there.
5	This is a "go to" spot for us. Always. I have never, ever had one complaint about an experience or the food and I have had the pleasure of coming here for 5+ years regularly (weekly?). Great for lunch, happy hour, or dinner. Great for clients, friends or dates. Fabulous ambiance inside (always have fabulous music) or on the patio (Central location is my fave). Love the simple modern decor peppered with mid-century touches.  I've used them for catering and it's been a delight and clients LOVE Postino! Nothing on the menu is the wrong choice, absolutely nothing. Incredible ingredients, impeccably chosen. Favorite Bruschetta choices (you choose 4) are: Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios, Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese, Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. Yum! Best starters: Pub Board, NYC Grilled Cheese (I die for that mustard), and The Butcher's Block. Favorite salad is the Mixed Greens, better than it sounds! I've been known to come in and just have wine and order the bowl of olives for dinner, they are that good. This is one of my happy places, if you haven't been, you must!
4	Ok I have waited long enough to review Postinos...I have been here more than any other restaurant since I moved to AZ so I had to share my view on this place! I go to the Arcadia location most often so my review is based off of that..This is me any one of my best gals Sunday spot...we go maybe twice a month and enjoy the Reggae, $5 Glasses of wine and of course the BRUSCHETTA!!...All of my fellow Yelpers have pretty much summed it up, all of their bruschetta is AMAZING!!! my favs are the brie with apples and the prosciutto with figs...I can eat that all day long...their sandwiches and salads are yummy as well...my next goal is to make it here for brunch :-)Overallvery casual and laid back vibeparking is a bit tricky great for dates, lunch, brunch, bdays, holidays...and the list goes on...
4	Having grown up in this neighborhood, it was quite a shock to come back and see that Katz Deli (a longtime institution on Central Ave.) had been completely transformed into Postino's newest creation.  Walking in, there's absolutely no indication that Katz was ever here, even though the shell of the building remains.  That said, mad props to Postino for preserving this landmark.Too be fair, I'm not a wine expert nor a frequent wine drinker.  If you are, you're more than covered at this neighborhood hangout.  The food, while a limited selection, is excellent.  I've had a couple of the paninis and the bruschetta and I've never been disappointed.  My favorites are the Turkey Panini and the Smoked Salmon and Pesto Bruschetta.  Light and flavorful and a nice complement to the Syrah I had.  The atmosphere is very urban and industrial and is absolutely jam packed at night.  A little noisy at times for my taste as sometimes I've had to yell at my friends for them to hear me, but I pretty much expected that with the crowd this place draws.All in all, a nice addition to the neighborhood.  Postino's reputation in the Arcadia neighborhood brought me in, and the good food and relaxed atmosphere has made me a believer.  If you're a nightlife fan then come here at dinnertime or after a movie.  If you're a foodie (like me) I recommend coming here for lunch (or Sunday Brunch) when its more relaxed and not as crowded.  If you're a wine buff, then you're good here at all hours.  RIP to Katz, but a nice new chapter for this historic location
5	Great for any occasion. The salty sundae is unusual and fantastic.  The bruschetta addictive.
4	I will admit I have only been on Monday and Tuesday nights and some may be mad that I'm sharing this secret spot but its always been a good experience. Monday and Tuesday nights they have a bottle of wine and Bruschetta special for $20 bucks. I would guess about 20-30 wines to pick from that regularily range between 20-40 bucks (of course still 10 bucks in a grocery store) and four servings of bruscetta with about  8 or 9 different choices. They have live music on weekends and I've heard its packed on sunday afternoons as well. They offer valet parking and free parking on the streets and nearby parking lot. Service is great keep in mind you may be waiting on monday tuesday nights 30-45 minutes for a table if you come in before 9.
5	I absolutely love postino arcadia. The bruschetta is always delicious and the wine deals are great! Everyone is always very nice and friendly!
4	Oh Postino's Winecafe, where have you been all my life?!?! Honestly, I don't drink wine, and trust me my family is so disappointed in me because of this. And because I don't drink wine, I was hesitant to go to Postino's. I mean Winecafe can scare off us non-wine drinkers.The Truth!?!? Postino's has A-mazing food. And I will brave the wait, because there usually is one, to eat their tasty tasty Bruschetta and their mouth wateringly wonderful panini's. Although if you add Brie or prosciutto to anything and I am totally there!Okay so back to the moral f the story, Just because you don't drink wine, still go eat at Postino's...really,  you will love it!
2	I was recommended this place by a local foodie who is very picky. He swears by the place so I trusted him.The location is nice, and pretty cool inside. The menu is impressive and has a lot of cool ideas. The food that I ate however was not any good.I paid so much to get so little and what little I got was not impressive at all. I was actually embarrassed as I brought a few friends from out of town there and they also thought the food was gross. I felt like they would never trust my judgement again.
4	Get the tomato jam bruschetta it's the best. Followed by salami pesto and the roasted peppers. Such a great spot
4	I like the original here next to La Grande Orange, but the one on Central is closer, nevertheless on this visit, there were plenty of open seating, and it was nice and cool.  I ordered a mocha, as I felt it was one of those mocha Sundays after a beer Saturday.  The mocha was the best I have ever had.  I also ordered for our table the Mozzarella and Tomatoes which was really tasty and was the perfect size appetizer.  I ordered my fave, The Autostrada, which was perfect, and the bread was crispy but not over done.  We had a bit of mishap with when it came to the check, as someone had made a mistake, however another member quickly resolved the issue without question.  That is why I return again and again to this place, also the vocal entertainment that was there also provided a great Sunday lunch experience.
3	Time to share some opinions here that the majority might not agree with...Sandra Bullock is a horrible actressHigh School was NOT the best time of my lifePostino Winecafe does not live up to the hype...while I write this, I of course realize that most people sadly somehow enjoy Sandra Bullock films, think High School was a blast, and...at least according to the reviews on Yelp, adore Postino Winecafe. The food is decent enough...bruschetta was flavorful (although on our last visit the bread was a little hard) and the Pub Board appetizer is amazing. The main gripe we have with this place is the service. Do you have to spend a lot of money on alcohol or look like a hipster here to get good service or what? We went for a light meal...nothing more. I don't see a sign on the door that says 'must buy wine', so why did our waiter treat us like a couple of vagrants while he was overly friendly to tables around us who were spending more money? I get it...higher bill, higher tip...this is no excuse for bad service though. A paying customer is a paying customer. The disparity in service couldn't have been more painfully obvious, and that's a shame. Maybe we went on an off night...or maybe Postino is getting cocky...who knows?We had a decent meal, but left feeling like outsiders instead of valued guests. Maybe next time if I wear a 'deep V-neck' and Katrina wears some 'jeggings', we'll appear wealthier and get better service. Eh.3.25/5.
5	I've been to Postino a countless number of times, and have never been disappointed by the food or the service.  The servers are always friendly and helpful, and the food (especially the small sandwiches and bruschetta) is delightful.If you're thinking about going during happy hour or for dinner, I recommend calling ahead to make a reservation, or expect to wait.  It can get pretty packed.
3	Good, decent wine selection.    I do wish the menu was a bit broader. Not complicated, but, broader.   This would be a good antipasta/appetizer sort of place.Great place to sit back and talk with friends
5	Still a 5... Still my fav wine bar , date place.. Or place to hang, get good vinos & gossip... Cheap valet.. But if u snag a LGO place, I think.. Free. Bruschetta.. Not any, any other wine bar.. Can compare.. Yummy sweets..& staff is amazingly nice.. Even though this place is always standing room only..
4	OK. I realize that I look like a huge softy with the stars but I really do love postinos. My world revolves around their bruschetta. I mean, ricotta with dates and pistachios (!) Most amazing thing ever. The apple, brie, and fig spread is pretty spectacular as well, not that I've found one I don't like. The wine, sangria, and prices are all good. The only thing that tends to be lacking is the service, but only in speed. I'd say they need a few extra hands but that would just add more bodies to an already packed house ( I have never seen this place slow) so I'm perfectly content sitting back and waiting. Give yourself some time if you plan to visit, just sit back and relax, when your server does get there they will be friendly, the wine will be good, and the bruschetta will be delicious.
5	Obsessed with Postinos! I live right down the street from there and frequent it quite often. I'm a vegetarian so it's sometimes difficult for me to eat places but at Postino's they have wonderful meat-free bruschetta options. They also have excellent Sangria for those who are looking for a lighter fruity alternative to wine. I like to go there on Sunday's and drink $5 Sangria pints and listen to the reggae band. So fun!
4	An ALL time Phoenix favorite of mine for lunch, that I have neglected to Review, but was reminded by this most recent visit.Taking something so simple (Brushetta, A Cheese Plate, Soups) and turning them into "works of art" is an art in itself. Have eaten mostly everything on the menu at one time or another and am NEVER disappointed. They even changed my mind about liking brie - well of course their "Triple Cream Brie" had a lot to do with that - heavenly!Their Brushetta, in addition to being beautiful to look at is absolutely FABULOUS Haven't had one I didn't like, in spite of the fact I am NOT all that fond of Smoked Salmon or Tuna, but loved their preparation!Did I mention the "Grilled Cheese?" Don't ask - JUST ORDER IT! $6? Are they nuts? No, it is worth it!Kind of what I think each time I order it!Lots of fun to have many for a great selection with several people sharing. Probably ALL but the soups should be shared and even the soups can be, if you are with someone you really care about!Go, don't wait! Wonderful for lunch, nice for a casual dinner and the wait staff is generally terrific!
5	This is going to be short and sweet.... The bruschetta is one of the best around. I luv the idea of 4 different flavors on one plate. A couple of my favorites are the proscuitto and fig and the goat cheese and tomato jam. So so so...so good. The paninis are just as scrumptious. I am partial to salty and sweet flavors mixed so I go with the proscuitto and fig jam one and it always hits the spot. But, with all that said... my favorite thing at Postinos...the one thing I can not leave without eating even if I have just stuffed myself into an uncomfortable food coma... is the salted caramel sundae. OMG... ice cream with think, rich, buttery, and a hint of saltyness caramel...the little bites of chocolate covered pretzels. Holy cow... it might be on the list of possibilitys for my last meal.
4	I love their wine, cheese and bruschetta.  I hate their lineups.
5	WOW!!!! I wish i could add 5 more stars on to this Yelp. Today at work we ordered from Postino's, for lunch and we had a missing sandwich. We called to tell them this and not only did one of the employee's bring us a refund, but he also brought us the sandwich and a gift card!! postino's you rock!! customer service like no other. thank you, thank you from The Root Salon!!
5	I really miss this hot spot for lunch. You can not lose here. Really...My fav would be the bruschetta. Such a hearty, italian treat served ontop of a wooden cutting board. The cheese boards are brilliant for snacking and socializing. The building is an old post office. How unique!
5	The food, service and atmosphere were fantastic. I'm visiting a friend and she's definitely planning to go back. We had a bruschetta sampler, our favorite's being the roasted peppers and goat cheese as well as the fig, pistachio and ricotta. The salad selection was great and we also had that with the mixed greens, candied walnuts and Gorgonzola. The open air aspect made for a peaceful environment and as I told my friend, you could easily transport this restaurant right into the meatpacking district in NYC...and it would be a hit.
5	Oh Postino...how I love you.There's really nothing that needs to be said other than GO THERE!I've been nearly a dozen times now and I've literally never been let down.  I like to sit at the bar when I can, Sander is such a great bartender and always gets us everything we need before we have to ask.  We even mentioned we were waiting for a spot at the bar (it was a busy friday night) and he was nice enough to come get us when 2 people left.We usually get the bruscetta, especially when they're on special (mon and tues), but if you want to branch out, try the pub board, or the butcher block.  Both are perfect for finger food while enjoying your wine and your company.This is always where I go for special occasions or when I have out of town guests.  This place is definitely 5 stars.
5	My wife and her friends have raved about Postino and I finally had my chance to take in Postino a few days ago. The bruschetta is excellent. I had a hard time determining which was my favorite, but the white bean and tomato barely edged out the salami/pesto and mozzarella and tomato and basil. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the 8-10 choices on the menu.I was very impressed with the food. I ordered the Nine Iron Panini and really enjoyed my meal. The panini was cooked perfectly. The chicken, bacon, mozzarella and dijonnaise went very well together. Often at trendier places, I'm not full after my meal. Postino filled me up though.The service was very good. Our waiter was attentive to our needs and provided the check in a timely manner.I can see why this place is popular. Very good food, nice atmosphere and a place to enjoy some wine with friends in a casual setting. .The only downside is the limited parking and valet parking.
5	This place is amazing and one of our favorites when visiting Scottsdale. The Bruschetta is by far the best I have ever had (several varieties to select from) with a large enough portion for two. They also have a great wine list ($5 a glass between 11-4). Asked the waiter for any evening special for the week ( They had a plate of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for a great price after 8pm)
4	I would have given Postino's (as we lovingly call it) 5 stars if it weren't for the ridiculously long wait, BUT! It was a Friday night.I can't complain about lingering in La Grande Orange while waiting for our table.I was in a party of 3, probably took us an hour to get a table as we chose not to sit at the bar, ended up with cozy seating outside on the patio, where the tables seem perfectly spaced from each other, and the twinkly lights seemed almost magical. We ordered glasses of wine, then settled on a bottle of Tempranillo (wow!) to accompany our respective bruschetta boards. ADORED the mascarpone-fig-proscuitto (first experience with that combo) and spicy white bean hummus.I liked the fresh mozzarella-tomato-basil just okay, thought the hearty chewiness of the bread was a bit much for the delicate toppings.Try to walk if you can- parking is a nightmare. LOVE IT!
4	On a recent trip after not being here for quite sometime I was surprised that is wasn't a bit more crowded. We had no problems finding a seat at the bar. They have a great deal everyday of any glass of wine is $5. We had a few glasses of wine and had The Butcher's Block for an appetizer. Very good mix of goodies for sure. It always had a nice ambiance and great prices. Since it's starting to cool off I know I'll be back a bit more.
5	A trendy spot to hit up. I am not a big fan of wine, but gave in to coming here with my friend that loves wine. I hear there is a $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine on Mondays and Tuesday. Well last night (Monday) we got the $13 bruschetta (with 4 pieces you choose) and a $30 bottle of Grayson, a cab, all for $20. I mean what a deal.Dark atmosphere, good food, good variety of wine. Definitely a great local business to support. Parking is probably the biggest problem you'll encounter.Oh and they have a "People Love Us On Yelp Sticker"!
5	You've got to go there for Saturday lunch. All glasses of wine are only $5. Their bruschetta is phenomenal. I recommend getting the pub board and asking for soft pretzels instead of the bread. The pretzels are freshly made and out of this world.
5	I actually went to Postino and drank beer. I know, what was I thinking right? But they had a pumpkin ale on tap and I'd been drinking a lot of wine lately so we went for it. The one thing I have to say about Postino is that the bruschetta is a must have. Most places give you a little piece or two for each of your selections, Postino gives you a whole large slice of bread for each choice that's sliced into four good size pieces. It was way more than we expected and both my date and I felt a little full going into the main course just from that.Speaking of the main course, I had a panini type sandwhich with chicken, tomato and mozzarella that I really enjoyed. The atmosphere and service is perfect for a date. Quite enough to talk, you get enough attention but not so much that it interrupts your night and the lighting, outdoor seating and ambiance is just right.Oh and that beer? Loved it too.
5	I went here again tonight, I think I need Postino rehab.I was with about twenty women from my sorority alumni group; we just met up for some drinks and snacks after work.  Postino knew we were coming and set aside a great little arrangement of couches, tables and chairs for us all.  I had two glasses of wine, Grayson Cabernet (which was really good) and a Reisling (I can't remember which one, but I liked it).  My friend and I also split the selection of four bruschettas.  We had the brie and apple (my favorite), the caprese, goat cheese and roasted red peppers and salami and pesto.  They were all amazingly good!  Simply put though, I love this place because it is consistently good. The service is always great, it is reasonably priced, the food and wine are delicious and the ambiance is wonderful.  Right now is the perfect time of year for them to roll up their garage doors and let the fresh air in off their patio.  And the dimly lit bar is the perfect place to get a little tipsy on a Tuesday.  ;)I will continue to go back time after time because I am never let down.PS:  After reading their menu front to back, even though I have it memorized, I noticed that on Mondays and Tuesdays for $20, you can get a bottle of house wine and a plate of bruschetta.  This is definitely enough for two people to make a meal out of or for three to four to share as an appetizer.  What a great deal!My only complaint remains their monopoly on parking and the pretty much mandatory valet.  Just let me park my own God damn car!  If you don't mind walking a bit, though, you can skip this part.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACEyumyumyumjust try everything, especially the cheese platter and the bruschetta platter. seriously, you will be pleased.Their champaigne and sparkling wine selection is pretty fine too. This place is SO cute! and SO delicious. The waiter is pretty knowledgeable about all the foods and makes really great recommendations as well!LOVE LOVEcan't wait to go back!
5	If you have not been to Postino's....WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!!? This is one of those hidden gems...I enjoy everything about this place.The food- excellentThe Wine-  cant go wrongService- Always have been very pleasePrice- FairWait time- Yes...Ive had the pleasure of waiting a few times, but its worth the wait.Be back soon...
5	I really adore this place. I've eaten here many times and the food has always been excellent. The atmosphere is fun and hip. The servers are friendly and helpful.They offer a wide selection of bruschettas. Each selection is more delicious than the next! I especially love the prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and the ricotta with dates & pistachios. Their salads are tasty and are a perfect portion. I love their Pub Board with a nice cold lager. When they have tomato soup you should get the grilled cheese panini. Soo good! Good prices on wine and other drinks. I've never had to wait very long for a table, maybe 5 mins at the most. The only downside is parking. The last time I went valet was mandatory and felt a little ripped off to pay $3 for someone to park my car three feet from the valet stand. Oh well!Can't wait to go back!
5	I actually crave the Procuitto, fig and mascapone bruchetta. This is a must try!
5	Postino's is FANTASTIC. Of course, their bruschetta is the talk of the town.I've tried the apple brie, the salami, the smoked salmon, and a few others. They have cheap pitchers of great beer and great deals on wine. The atmosphere is classy and it's always busy. The waiters are attentive and if I haven't already mentioned, the food is fantastic.One of the gems in downtown Phoenix area.
4	Wow!  The Bruschetta is phenomenal!  I love this place, and if you're looking to go out with a small group of friends, and need a place where you can have fun, but eat too, then this is the place for you.Beware though, if you go during regular dinner rush, expect to wait at least 30-40 minutes before being seated.  I have eaten at Postino's on several occasions, and have never received bad service, that's of course after you have waited for 45 minutes.If you want to try a place very similar without having to wait so long to be seated, but you can sacrifice a little bit of the quality than I would recommend The Living Room in South Chandler.  Otherwise, enjoy the food at Postinos and have a great time.
3	Went to Postino last night. Had a great time, well with the exception of the crappy service. We had at least three waiters/waitresses. We had 2 glasses of wine, one of which was Brent's pick. Pretty awesome. Also had some Bruschetta. You just have to try it! Lots of unique offerings. Also had the salted carmel ice cream dessert. Yum! Would have given it 2 more stars had the service not sucked! Really recommend their waiters and waitresses spend more time at the tables, check up more often at the tables, and do a bit of up selling. Not once were we asked if we wanted anything extra. Hello? :)
5	I am simply in love with Postino. Everything about this place is food for my soul. We live in Tucson now and every time we come up I have to make a trip here.
4	I've been to Postino on dates, for birthday celebrations, gatherings with friends and even a company Christmas party (read just a group of people with an excuse to day drink during the week).  In all cases, it works.Quick tip, sit at the bar if you're on a date... if it goes badly, the bartenders are hot and will rescue you.  What more do you need, really?
5	Best nights to go to Postino's are Mondays and Tuesdays.  They offer $20 deals where you get 4 slices of bruschetta out of the 12 that they offer and one whole bottle of the house wine.  Each bruschetta slice is probably the size of maybe your hand with your fingers outstretched -- if you're a petite girl  :) ...  They then cut each slice into 4's.  Perfect for sharing!We went on a Monday night after 8PM and ordered 2 bottles of wine, the 2 orders of the bruschetta (which were 8 slices for those that can't count), and a bowl of olives.  The total came out to about $50...that's a little over $13/person w/o tip!!  AWESOME!!    PLUS, they have complementary valet parking. Everything was just fantastic, I've never had fig before and they made my experience there quite memorable.  I definitely recommend you come in, regardless if it's for their $20 deals on Mon/Tues or not.  They've got GREAT food and I WILL be back.
5	Since moving nearby to La Grande Orange, I've lamented the amount of money I've spent at that most tasty place.  Now that I've finally made it to Postino, my lamentations will only grow.  Yeah, it's wonderful.Carla greeted me at the door, chipper as only a Saturday night can create, and gave me a quick tour upon hearing it was my first time. She handed me off to Maya, who was also supremely patient with my many questions and general ignorance of wine.Yeah, I'm not a wine snob. I have little patience for sniffing and swirling. I've good wines and bad wines, but I'm fairly convinced anyone talking about the boquet of light oak with a strong raspberry melon finish is making it up or part of a cult.Didn't matter, though. Maya recommended a fantastic wine, and between her and Carla I sorted out which of their famous bruschetta I was going to try (proscutto + fig, salmon + capers, tomato jam + goat cheese, apple + brie).  The garage doors were open and the weather was fantastic. Loved the decor, loved the staff, loved the food, and loved the... what's that other stuff they served.., oh yeah, the wine.(sigh) Between this place and LGO it may be cheaper for me to just move again further away.
4	Spent much of 2010 going back and forth to Phoenix on business trips. My team and I would do our best to make a trip to Postino on each trip. Fantastic bruschetta, amazing little chocolate dessert of yumminess, and glorious vino. Not to mention that the wait staff is super friendly and they "share" tables in a way that seems to work well! Even though the $20 deal for a bottle of wine and bruschetta was amazing, the wait was pretty long (upwards of an hour) in the 100 degree heat on Monday/Tuesday evenings. We learned after one time to avoid the crowd after 8pm on Monday/Tuesday and stick to Sundays or Wednesdays at Postino.I highly recommend it.
5	As the great Adam Richman says, "Oh my goodness..oh..my..goodness"Hands down the BEST restaurant Ive eaten at in Pheonix thus far!Had no idea what to expect coming to this restaurant while attending a conference over the past week, but a friend (who is now a local---tear) suggested this restaurant because of thier great happy hour. (Every Monday and Tuesday night after 8pm, $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta) We missed the happy hour but now that Ive had thier homemade bruschetta...who cares! I would come back again and again even without the discounted food. This restaurant is quaint and cute. Sort of small and tucked away behind a random street (obviously Im not a local Phoenix-er) But they have this cute little outdoors area with a fireplace and bar, and when you are in a hot little town in the middle of the dessert, its nice to be outdoors and enjoy the warmth at night, something we dont get to enjoy too often in SF. Im sure many of the other plates at this restaurant are delicious as well, but their specialty by far has to be their bruschetta! Almost any type of concoction and combo you can think of to go on flaky/crispy baquettes, this restaurant has come up with. None of the bruschetta's that I tried were dissapointing.Let me start by saying, this place is a "share with everyone" type of restaurant, which, I have no problems with because then I get to pig out and taste everyones's plates. haha!So, I literally tasted almost every type of bruschetta that was on the menu.Let me start with the Brie and Apples with Fig spread- this almost tasted like a dessert because the tangyness of the apples. The Tomato jam with fresh sheeps milk cheese could also be had for dessert. This actually may have been my most favorite out of all the bruschettas! The cheese was sooo creamy, you could eat it with a spoon. That mixed together with the sweetness of the tomato jam------heaven.....Prosciutto with Figs & MascarponeThe Warm Artichoke Spread was mighty tasty and fresh and this coming from a girl who grew up in the "artichoke capital of the world" Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomatoes- Adding burrata to anything cant be anything but delicious! And knowing that, I, a corndog/bacon LOVER think that this combo will rock anyone's world. Um, hello.....bacon!Salami with Pesto- the salami was tasty and spicy and together with the homemade pesto was the perfect combo for a warm night. I will come back to this restaurant next time I am in town for spring training, hell Ill prob eat here every night Im in town!
5	Great place for a quiet evening with friends.  good wine and unpricy selections.we were hungry and gotten the half soup and sandwich combos which were all good and nicely prepared.  the portions are not too tiny too.I like the ambience here very much and it reminds me of how kazmeriz in downtown scottsdale used to be, before it got famous.  so dun swamp this place with your wannabe friends :)  bring nice people okay :)
5	I have been to this Arcadia location a handful of times. Each time I got the same thing because on Monday, and, I believe Tuesday nights, they feature what is probably the best deal in the world. For $20 you get a BOTTLE of wine, your choice, from a long list, and a large plank of four different sets of specialty bruschetta. The ambiance is upwardly-lounge-casual; perfect for both a date night or meeting friends after work.
5	OMG!  this bruscetta is to die for!!!  how I have not been to this place before, I don't know.  Great selection of wines and boards...get a pretzel rod when you go...to die for.the brie/apple/fig bruscetta and the artichoke are just amazing...great atmosphere in the old arcadia post office which is VERY cool with the glass garage doors open!!lots of servers always milling around casually so you are well attended to...
5	Fantastic bruschetta. And $5 glasses of wine during some lunch time happy hour thing (I can't recall the times though).I really enjoy the food here, and it's pretty cheap for what you get (a lot of food). They have free valet parking if you can't find any parking on the street.
5	I love this place! I've been to this location several times and have yet to be disappointed. They have $5 glasses of wine until 5pm everyday (sangria on sundays) . The food is delicious!! Service is great and they always have good music playing!
5	I was torn between this place and LGO but was at LGO for breakfast.  Pretty happy I picked Postino for lunch.  Sandwich selection was unique (Prosciutto with Brie) and the general ambiance during lunch was real nice.
5	Outstanding food, ambience and wait staff
4	Yeah, yeah, their bruschetta board is great. But there are other gems, too! Their pub board (sans chorizo for us vegetarians, though I'm sure it's delicious) is amazing. The warm soft pretzel from nearby MJ Bread is the best soft pretzel I've ever tasted. Paired with some mustard, a select sharp cheddar, cornichons, and corn nuts, it is the perfect snack to enjoy on their comfy patio benches with a pitcher of happy hour beer. I only wish it was a little bit cheaper to enjoy the offerings at Postino, and I feel they could use a couple more substantial vegetarian menu items. The service is great, they are helpful, provide suggestions, and attentive. Thanks for being part of the neighborhood, Postino!
5	I can't say that I would fight for a parking space at many places, but Postino makes the list. Will I ever steal a parking spot? Not at all, but I will look long and hard for one here. The wait is worth it yelp friends. Postino does a great job luring customers in and keeping them. With their incredible happy hour, I wish I could sneak away to dine on a glass of wine before 4:00 PM on a weekday and for those who can, I salute you. Every time I wine and dine at Postino, I leave full, happy and satisfied. The original Postino location will also be my favorite based on it's location, ambiance, character, service and quality products. The wine is obviously top knotch here at Postino. Bottles line the walls and the staff knows their selections inside and out. They offer bottle specials all the time and you can enjoy a bottle at a reasonable price practically every day of the week. Their food competes with the quality of their wine. I long for their bruschetta. You chose four different flavors and for a reasonable price under $15. My favorite bruschettas are the prosciutto and fig, and tomato paste with cheese. The tomato mozzarella is also a classic. But, it really just depends on your taste buds because any bruschetta you choose will be excellent. Many times, I got for the half sandwich/salad combo. I like to order the Market which isn't on the menu. It comes with pesto, tomato and mozzerela. I make sure to add chicken. The Mediterranean is my go-to salad but I vary between all of their salads. You really just can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. And it tastes even better with wine. Doesn't everything?
5	We went to Postino's last night and had an excellent dinner.The cedar plank bruschetta is a wonderful accompaniment with their wine selections and can be customized to taste. With at least 8 selections to choose from both my husband and I found bruschetta that we enjoyed. For dinner I had the mixed green salad and he chose the tuna panini. My salad was much better than it's very ordinary title. With grapes, Gorgonzola, tiny fried onion strings and a wonderful vinaigrette I left feeling satisfied but not overfilled. My husband's tuna panini was also excellent with a perfect amount of flavor.The best part about the restaurant for me, was the ambiance.  We went late in the evening.  The soft flickering candle light and open dining room created an atmosphere that would be wonderful to dine with either friends, or a date. It would be a perfect place to spend a few leisurely hours sipping wine and talking.We are excited to go Sunday from 12-3 for $5 Sangria and live reggae!
4	I love the decor and ambiance, the food is delicious (try the brie panini) and there are plenty of wines to choose from. Plan on spending an hour or two to relax.
5	the salami and pesto bruschetta is THE BEST! wash it down with some sangria and your tummy will be cured of the rumblies.
5	This is the perfect spot to go to with a few friends. Great wine and great food. The bruschettas they have are so so good, as well as the sandwiches.They have a large selection of wine and each glass is only $5.00 each until 5pm -- The staff I have interacted with have all been really nice and helpful.Some of the people that go there are wannabe foodies and snobs though, use caution. lol
4	LOVE the Tuscan Tuna panini! Great creme brulee as well! The atmosphere is great, super convenient location and free valet! I look forward to making this place a frequent lunch stop.
5	This is an awesome place to go with friends or a date! Made me feel like I wasn't in  Arizona anymore. The vibe is super hip and classy. A group of my friends and I went on a Monday evening and loaded up on their $20 bruschetta and wine deal. The bruschetta was the best I've ever had! Plan to go back for brunch!
4	I have been to this Postino location probably 10 times now and I am definitely a fan! I've been in for lunch, which is a bit of a different vibe than after dark. I think the service is better at lunch, probably because they are less busy. Either way, the wine selection and food are great. I agree with other reviewers that the $20, Monday & Tuesday nights, after 8pm deal is awesome! You get 4 bruschetta & and a bottle of wine for only $20! The vibe of this place at night is neat. It's dark, & dimly lite with tea light candles. There are a few comfortable sofas, high top tables, regular tables, and a great patio outside. It has a very intimate feel and would be a great place for a date. It does get very busy & crowded in the evening so keep that in mind. There is usually a wait on Mondays & Tuesdays after 8pm. Service gets a little slow during their busy times. My favorite bruschetta is Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. It is very sweet! If you're desiring a salad the Raspberry Chicken salad is great. Very flavorful! I also really like the Turkey Panini, very tasty! The only bad thing I can say about this place is the parking is awful! More often than not, you'll end up having to valet your car because there is very little parking.
2	I have to say, I DO like their food and the service is always pretty good. The atmosphere is great. HOWEVER, making reservations there is a different story. They only take reservations for 10 or more. I had 7...My grandparents are in town, and can't really "wait at the bar" until a table is ready. They are old and tired. Hence, I tried to make reservations here, called 24 hours in advance... they told mebthey couldnt do it, but  to come in anyway and 'wait at the bar' for a table. I told them I was going to be with some older people, and asked if there was anyway we could just call in 20 minutes beforehand and put our name on the list, so my grandparents wouldnt have to stand at the bar. They said they didnt do that. Seeing as it THE EXACT SAME THING as coming in to put my name on the list and wait twenty minutes there, I dont see the problem. I asked them politely if they could make an exception considering the situation... they said absolutely not. Where I come from, restaurants will try everything they are capable of to accommodate their guests. This IS NOT what Postino's or the LGO owners do at any of their restaurants. After talking to Postino's, I tried Chelsea's and LGO and got the same answer.I also tried Chelsea's, which takes reservations for less then 10 but got the same story, they were booked and we could wait. Also asked them about calling in when we were on our way b/c I was with two older people who could not stand long... they said no way.I own two restaurants, I can tell you-- this is not appropriate customer service. Its also not very moralistic. If a frequent customer explains a situation, seeking a little help, and its not ridiculous, the restaurant shoud be happy to do it. Seems as if the LGO owners have taken a cue from Houston's... which is the type of place that gives Scottsdale a bad reputation. The type of service that scares out-of-towners away from Arizona because we are too "snooty."
3	For starters, our server was definitely "too cool" for us.That said, the place is a really interesting, urban space with either a social or a cozy vibe depending on which table you get.The bruschette is what they are known for and it's pretty good, given that it is not your typical diced up tomatoes with olive oil and balsamic. We had one with ricotta and pistachio and dates (big hit), one with tomato jam and goat cheese (yum), one with spinach and artichoke spread (pass), and one with apple and brie (good combo).Side note: seems like they use grocery store brand bread (like a vienna loaf) and then just put some toppings on it and make a killing. Nothing uber authentic about what's going on here, just to warn you.It seems to me the rest of the menu is just okay.
4	If you want bruschetta, you cannot go wrong here!  You get to pick four. Request to have them cut in fours, much easier to eat!FAVESProsciutto with Figs & MascarponeBrie & Apples with Fig Spread Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios Salami with PestoThe green picholine olives ARE SO GOOD!Raspberry Chicken Salad is good.  It's a little sweet, but I always ask for the dressing on the side and just use a very small amount. We usually share this as well. The Brie and Prosciutto panini The pieces of paper  with 'your gum here' So cute!Mon/Tue after 8pm $20 bottle of wine AND bruschetta! Awesome!Cons-Loud. Really loud. Acoustics in this place are terrible when it's busy, and it usually is.  It's a little better when the doors are open.  I guess they can't really do anything about it since it used to be a post office.  Hence the name 'Postino'  Desserts are mediocreCrazy busy parking lotIf you don't want to valet, you will have to park down the street on campbell near the residential streets.
4	Awesome food and wine!  I love having the option of various small plates to share amongst friends.  Last time I went was last weekend and we had the olives, Bella Postino (artichoke dip and hummus with white beans with a variety of breads), and Bruschetta.  The wine offerings are great and they have a decent variety as well.  I have also tried their Bellini which was wonderful in that the peaches in it tasted fresh and like the actual fruit instead of the canned syrupy version - a pleasant surprise.The hummus was smooth and creamy and the artichoke dip was warm and comforting.  Honestly, I don't think you can really go wrong with any of their bruschettas.  We have tasted the fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil, prosciutto with figs and marscapone, smoked salmon with pesto, ricotta with dates and pisachios, roasted red peppers with goat cheese, and the warm artichoke spread - all wonderfully fresh, mouth watering, and plenty of toppings so you can experience the full flavor of the offerings.People watching is fun at this location if you're into a varying crowd.  The decor is fun and the staff is friendly and seems very relaxed as well as catering to locals.  The acoustics are surprisingly good for the setup and there is occasional live entertainment as well.  As most have experienced here, the parking situation is less than ideal, but the food is well worth it and always have a great time when we go.
5	This is all time favorite place in arcadia and top ten places ive ever been to...i love to go there on mondays and tuesdays for a bottle and a board for $20...you get a bottle of wine and a boatd of bruschetta its fabulous...the whole restaurant is open it looks like an old garage...there are heaters so you will not get cold...they also have paninis salads soup and a few other things...their wine selection is great and the staff is friendly...
4	Still one of my favorites.  The bruschetta is delicious and the fact that you can order different kinds appeasing my non-commital inability to make a decision self.  Tuesday nights are almost impossible to get a seat at now that they have a special running where you can get a bruschetta board and a bottle of wine for like $20.00 bucks or something ridiculous.  Have small bills with you as the parking situation almost requires that you go through the valet.  The restaurant is great for a light nibble or a heavier dinner if you get a pressed sandwich or salad.  (The chicken salad in particular is one of my favorites)  You'll see a lot of couples here on first dates (which can be a lot of fun to people watch)  I've seen some really awkward dates, and some really great ones were you're convinced you're seeing magic happen right in front of your very eyes.
4	It's a strange menu if, like my Mother, you come for a visit from a small town in the midwest. To us Phoenicians, it's a little bit of wonderful, if not a little bit strange of a menu. The food is wonderful, admittedly, I only eat the brucshetta (I know, I spelled it wrong) now because I LOVE it! There are several toppings to select, and they are all yummy! The salads are very flavorful, but I'd rather eat bread with goat cheese and roasted red peppers, or brie and apples, or hot artichoke spread...or...you get the picture.Double delight: you can walk across the parking lot and enter the back door of La Grand Orange and get fabulous Tammy Coe cakes and cupcakes, as well as big, yummy cookies and a variety of other delights.Go early or go late, or you won't find a parking place...or a table.
4	Everything I want in a neighborhood joint to make me jealous of not actually living in the neighborhood. Lovely setting and layout, good mix of conventional dining getup with sofa/chair/couch/table combos interspersed, waiters with cool hats, and finger-lickin fancy fare. Not too fancy for these jeans, but fancy enough for my heels. It takes a damn good Bruschetta to make me crack my vegan ways, but I confess my cheese-avoidance got lost between the brie and the apples and smothered with fig. For me the bread was just a tad too soft, but the wine was just right. Fantastic for a romantic date or group gathering - will be back soon!
5	Went there for an early brunch and we were driving to LA so we skipped the wine!  Their bruschetta is absolutely outstanding. The best we've eaten. Ever. We would go just for that again :-) oh, and will make sure to sample the wine too!
5	I may be alone in this, but I think the above ratings, more than anything else, are about the way a restaurant makes you feel. Postino makes me feel like I've enjoyed an evening out, like I've gotten full on yummy food made from quality ingredients, and *almost* like I don't miss New York (my home for the past 6 years). The atmosphere is lively and the service has always been friendly and attentive. The pub board and bruschetta (esp prosciutto & fig) are delicious and cut into portions perfect for sharing. Go with friends, enjoy the wine list, don't over-order on the food, and Postino will make you feel good, too.
4	Perhaps the best way to re-use an old post office building, make a cozy wine bar in the middle of a trendy part of town and serve a great selection of wine as well as a unique menu of assorted bruschetta.  The staff was friendly, accommodating, and extremely helpful in choosing a nice crisp Sauvignon Blanc. This is the sort of quaint bar all neighborhoods should have.  Unfortunately, it is not in my neighborhood, thus the envy I have right now for my friends out there.
4	Luved the Bruschetta....For 12.75 you get a choice any 4 from the Bruschetta options...My fav was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone...Amazingly tasty !!!! A recommended pick for sure...Good place for wine and a chat with frndz.
5	This is one of my favorite places to visit in the valley. Good wine and yummy apps. I've been here several times and I've never been disappointed. This place is a must!
5	I'm in love with Postino.  I do love the outdoor seating area, open air restaurant, wait staff, food, drinks - everything.  I have been coming here for well over 4 years and recently branched out from my usual picks.  I tried the Mediterranean salad and Veggie panini- both great choices!  If you are looking for GREAT wine, AMAZING bruschetta, and a relaxing evening out, Postino is the place!  I've never been disappointed.
5	I joined a friend for lunch here last week and we were able to sit outside and enjoy our perfect weather.We both had the Pick 2 special.  I had the salad and soup.  Soup (chicken &n rice) was perfect temperature and had great flavor.  Salad was fresh and I was able to pick from their long list of salad choices. I LOVE THAT. Many places will match your soup up with a plain side salad, not here! My friend had a scrumptious looking vegetable panini on ciabatta bread  with a side salad.  The other great thing about Postino's is their early Happy Hour.  Any, I repeat any, glass of wine is $5 until 5:00pm.  They have an extensive wine list with some great choices. The ambiance here, well if you haven't been you are sorely missing out.  I love the old brick style building surrounded by lush flora.  The decor is modern yet comfy.  Don't miss this place!
5	I spent a great deal of time looking for places myself and my girlfriends would enjoy for our winter escape to Phoenix from Minnesota.   I found out about Postino and had to try it.  SO glad I did!  Enjoyed the eclectic atmosphere and the great adjectives my server used to describe the wine.  I had the pick two  - prociutto/brie panini with a side of roasted pepper/gorganzola soup.   All to die for!   The ladies at the next table ordered the mix of baguette with different toppings.. looked amazing.  I was there for happy hour and sat on the patio.  I love the atmosphere, very comfortable and non-pretentious.   Very good value.  My bill after eating and having two glasses of wine at happy hour was $21.  My girlfriends arrive tomorrow.  Postino is a definite stop.   Love it!
4	Excellent bruschetta and a nice wine selection. We went during lunch and parking is a bit of a nightmare but once we got inside we were seated rather quickly. The design is crisp and trendy. Cool place and we'll be back. Maybe sit outside next time.
4	Busy, cool little place here. Cozy decor and atmosphere with a European feel, great place to share a bottle of wine and sample some of the many bruschettas.  Food is great here but menu is short and  would appreciate some options with a bit more substance.  Prices are good and Hoegaarden on tap is superb.  No reservations here so arrive early.
5	I have been going to Postino Winecafe for about a year now, I am so pleased with my experience every time. From the wine selection, to the bruschettas, serving amount/portions, to the atmosphere (the outdoor setting area is beautiful on Arizona evenings). Every person that I bring to Postino Winecafe is pleased with their experience and even go back without me. They have great specials on Sunday afternoons too! With that said, try it out.
3	Ok I think this winecafe is highly overrated!!When you have a tiny menu you should do what you have amazingly!! But my sandwich lacked prosciutto. I didn't find the chips to be amazing either. Overall I felt pretty let down. And I can think of at least 2 places that bruschetta is done better in the valley.
5	This is the perfect setting for a girls day on a Sunday afternoon.  Share a bottle of wine while listening to Walt Richardson perform.  Couldn't get any better than this. Also, can be very romantic with the right man.  Gentlemen take your lady's here, they will be very impressed. The food, beverage and ambiance is amazing.
2	Food was ok bread was stale on my sandwich. But service was not good at all! God for bid you ask them to split a check. I was told she cannot do it. Only if we told her when we sit down to start. Well my friends came 30min before me and my wife.  Been in restaurants for 20 years and you do what ever it take to make your customers happy.  So bottom line is we will not be going back for stale bread and half ass service.
4	I'm embarrassed at the number of times I've eaten here since it opened.  i used to live half a mile from here and was one of the first people in the door.  The bruschetta is the best in town--period, end of discussion.  The salads sometimes aren't my favorite, but there are plenty that are delicious.  I'll admit that the cheese plates also sometimes leave me wanting, but that is a rare occasion.  It has been interesting to see the wine selections evolve over the past several years.  When it first opened, Postino seemed to have nothing above $35/bottle, and that selection was good.  It stepped up its game in the past two or three years and now boasts a more diverse and more expensive selection (e.g., Sea Smoke pinot noir).  I appreciate the addition of even better wine, and am happy to say that the glass list remains reasonably priced.
5	Enjoyed Lunch there today. I had there Pub Board which was a perfect starter. All the things on there from the soft pretzel sticks to the corn nuts were awesome. The Paninis were probably the best Ive had. The ingredients were fresh and tasted great. I will be back!
5	Bruchetta board, pitcher of Kronenbourg, sitting on the patio, stellar service and boyfriend = death because this is the best dining experience I might ever have.  Favorite slab consists of: Roasted Red Peppers on Goat Cheese, Warm Artichoke, Dates, Pistachios with Ricotta and Sheeps Milk below a sweet Tomato Jam.  The only *bad* (more so just personally annoying), thing I've ever come across here, had nothing to do with the food itself or even the servers..well not our server..was when one of the ladies walking around clearing tables felt the need to express to us that SHE has OCD therefore, we needed to remove the last 2 pieces of bruchetta from the board, so she could clear it..because it was making HER uncomfortable.. Never push your 'disorder' off onto someone else and expect them to abide, especially when your customers are deep in mid-conversation about serious things like puppies and the night's baking agenda...this customer will not yield and out of spite, leave a lingering, lonesome bruchetta upon the slab for your sake. I, too, have a disorder - not caring about your fear of individual bread pieces on a plate. Despite said occurrence, there are NO complaints, ever. A valley staple that I recommend highly, for all occasions.
5	Can't wait to go back.  I love the Monday deal, it is genius.  I was there with my twin mom group (about 12 moms of twins), we had a blast.  I love the Brie, Apple and Fig, Prosciutto, Fig and mascarpone, Tomato jam bruschettas.  I had the Teira Zinfandel, which was perfect.
5	Love this place.  Love all the food and the staff is great.  We drive from Gilbert to have lunch at Postino's Arcadia.  We understand a new location here in Gilbert will be opening soon.  Can hardly wait. I do recommend this place to everyone I meet.
5	Im speechless. Simply, speechless. This place is AMAZING. I had pretty high expectations of this place and I was still blown away by the level of excellence this place carries. My amore and I decided to give this place a whirl on a Friday night, and we enjoyed every second of our experience. Upon arrival, we were told that there was an hour and a half wait, so we ventured into the bar area to have a glass of Prosecco, which was DELICIOUS by the way. About thirty minutes later, we were seated and looking over the menu. The wait was cut in half! I would have waited 6 hours for their bruschetta, though. We sampled four of their bruschetta selections, and not one piece was left behind. Their portions are large, and definately made for sharing. We topped off our scrumptious experience with an espresso and a salted caramel sundae. Im pretty sure my tastebuds are still dancing around.....As far as the service goes, it needs help. Our server was horrible. He refilled our water glasses ONCE and relied on other staff members to bring us our check. At the beginning of our visit, we were greeted by the owner, and he personally brought us a wine list, took our drink order, AND opened our vino, table side. That is so refreshing to see when the owner of a place puts his own elbow grease into maintaining his business. This place has an amazing, simple menu. Its an ideal place to take a date!!
4	Went back in the evening for some more of the delicious bruschetta!  This time I went with another friend and we shared that plus the artichoke dip and a sandwich.  We over ordered, but I wanted to try something new this time. He wanted the "Nine Iron" which has chicken, bacon, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, and dijionnaise on ciabatta.  It was rather tasty, however, the ratio of fillings felt a little off.  I love tomato, so it wasn't a big deal to me, but the sandwich was full of it with one thin little leaf of lettuce and clumps of chicken that weren't evenly distributed between the ciabatta.  I ended up opening the sandwich and rearranging the ingredients myself in order to help it along.  Fresh produce, good flavors and amazing bruschetta!  Honestly, I don't think you can really go wrong ordering it.The service we received this time around wasn't up to par, but decent enough.  We didn't get our water refilled and the waiter never came back again so that we could order more drinks.  It was a shame.  The food still salvaged the visit though.  I just hope it doesn't happen too frequently since I plan to come here more often with some more friends.This time we sat on the patio since it was a little quieter in order to chat and despite the chillier weather (I say that loosely, since I'm from Chicago and shouldn't really complain...) I found the outdoor torch like heaters (no, I don't know the technical term for them and apologize for that) to be perfect along with my jacket. Next time around, I think I'll try the soup and salad!
4	Always a great place to go for a light meal, snack, or just a glass of wine.
5	First time here a week ago. The atmosphere is fantastic ! We came during dinner (around 630PM) and the place was packed but everyone was friendly and so was the service.We ordered 4 different bruschettas. I was originally intending on ordering a panini, but one of my sorority sisters suggested otherwise. A few other sisters vouched for their bruschetta, so the bf and I didn't think we'd go wrong there. All of the different kinds we tried were delicious! So much that we ordered another 4 with our 2 favorites. Can't go wrong... just pick one! Or 4... since they come served that way.I wasn't feeling wine that night for some strange reason, but their cucumber lemonade was sooooooooo refreshing. Yes, that many O's.New favorite stop-by-when-we're-in-town place.
5	Great patio, happy hour prices, wine list, beer, and food. I love meeting my friends here after work. Please open one in the East Valley!
5	I came here for a leisurely Friday lunch. The ambience, the food, the wine and the outdoor patio were all amazing! I had the Ranga Ranga Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand which was nicely chilled, crisp, light and a refreshing choice for sipping outside on the patio on a beautiful sunny day.   We chose the cheese board which was not the best I've ever had (although in all fairness I am a cheese snob!!) but definately good and I enjoyed the presentation and the different selection of breads served with it. We also ordered the bruschetta. It was hard narrowing it down to just four as I wanted to try them all. We settled on the following:Roasted red peppers & goat cheese - My least favorite of the 4. It was good but I would have preferred more goat cheese and less peppersFresh mozzarella w/ tomato & basil - Chewy bread, fresh tomatoes, ample basil, yum! Smoked salmon w/ pesto & capers - Salmon was fresh, lots of capers, another yum!Tomato jam & fresh sheeps milk - my absolute favorite! I had to remind myself to share. An overall great experience.  I can't wait to return so I can try the rest of the bruschettas!
4	Hubby and I have gone to Postino for years...first at the Arcadia location and now Central.  We enjoy Central's patio more, so we head there.  With either location, we've always asked ourselves, "why didn't we think about opening a restaurant that just puts tasty things on bread and charge well for it?"let's face it...what Postino does is not rocket science.  Great composed salads, wonderful panini and bruschetta. but, there's no hard cooking.  What there is though is creativity, style and great service. on our last visit, we headed to Postino Central on a Wednesday night, thinking that since it was the day before St. Patrick's, no one would be out.  well, we were wrong. first, we were turned away by the valet -- "sorry, we're full."  The parking lot?  the restaurant?  Where should we go?  any tips?  so, i got on the phone and called the restaurant -- "Your valet just turned us away, are you looking for customers tonight?"  He was cordial and stated he would go chat with the valet about finding a better way to turn down folks who needed to park their cars.  hostess was very friendly and accommodating...giving us every option for seating.  but, given the spectacular night that it was, we wanted to wait for an outdoor table.  so, we ordered some beers with the very friendly waitress that happened by, and sat in the outdoor "waiting area" watching the sunset.  about 1/2 hour later, we got a prime table -- in fact the same table we eat at each time we are there. same waitress came by.  hubby ordered a second beer (i was still nursing the "shorty" (only $2.50!) I'd ordered before.  We selected the bella postino platter with white bean hummus and warm artichoke dip, as well as a bruschetta board of four luscious creations."bus boy" brought water and small dish of olives (okay, really small -- there were two of us and he brought 3 olives -- not 2, not 4, but 3 --yes, we arm-wrestled for the last one.)waitress was friendly, thorough, spunky and a perfect addition to this hip, vibrant, happening place.  admittedly, we in our 40s were either parental age of the young 20 somethings gracing the place, or children of the 60+ "second go round" set.bruschetta -- golly!  we had pesto with salami (great quality), burrata with arugula, bacon and tomato (there was no bacon and PLEASE do not refrigerate your tomatoes), prosciutto with fig and mascarpone (oh so incredibly good) and the "dessert" one -- ricotta with dates and pistachios.  after polishing off the dips and the platter of breads (there are 4 pieces to each "slice" of bruschetta, we were stuffed.  was intrigued by the salted caramel dessert, but there was just no room.  perhaps next time we skip the dip and save room.
1	I won't even venture to guess why so many people like this place. But a few notes: no, it is nothing like a European cafe; no, it is not an actual wine bar; yes the service absolutely sucks.We came here for a friend's birthday party. Her mother had arranged ahead of time for 10 of us to be there and to have wine brought to the tables and poured and some appetizers brought out while we were waiting for the guest of honor. But before that, let's start with parking. You can't park in the residential streets because you need a permit. Fine. I heard they had a valet and there's nothing on their website about parking so, whatever. I head to the valet who asks me if I am dining at Postino's or La Grande Orange. I say Postino's and he says "Ok, that's $3." I asked if they seriously were charging me for valet parking based on which restaurant I was going to and they wouldn't answer. I asked if there was an ATM since I had no cash and they told me there is one but it doesn't work. I got back in my car and drove around looking for a place to park for about 15 minutes. Fantastic.When I get there, about 6 girls from the party are standing at the front waiting for someone to notice them. Finally, a very unfriendly gentleman pointed to two tables and said "Those are yours. Those other tables where people are eating are also yours but they're not done yet. We told them when they were seated they needed to be done in an hour but they're still there." Ok, so now we only have two of our four tables. Great. Finally they seat us at our two tables. Another unfriendly staff member comes over and plunks down a few wine glasses and asks if we want a glass of temperanillo. She pours one of the girls a random taste and then walks away. Upon her return I asked if this was the wine we were supposed to have because it was a Malbec. She argued with me about that for a few minutes until I pointed to the label. She said "Oh" and walked away. I never did find out if we were supposed to have the Malbec.At this point, the other two tables had been cleared. No one brought any other glasses or put the tables together, so we did it. Also, no one opened the other bottles, and yes they were screwtop, but still. So I opened them. Finally, everyone else arrived. We still only had 4 wine glasses. After trying in vain for several minutes we finally managed to flag down the unfriendly woman and asked for more wine glasses to which she responded, rudely "We don't have any more." and walked away. I had to ask three different rude, uninterested staff members for wine glasses and managed to finally get another few but still, not everyone ended up with a glass. Seriously? Anyway, the bruschetta came out. While the menu offers a lof of different ones, they are all so deplorably bland and under-seasoned that they felt unfinished. The fig, marscapone and prosciutto should have been good but the poor pig that gave its life was disgraced. Dry, flavorless. Most of the bread pieces weren't even cut all the way through so we were all man-handling the pieces to get them apart. The bread was obviously just grocery store bread and I doubt anything is truly hand-made. The issue is, the quality of their ingredients sucks. They obviously buy the cheapest grocery store crap they can and then mark it up. Everything, even the apples on one of the bruschettas were lacking in any real flavor when they should have been tart and crisp instead of dull and mealy. And as for a wine bar? Seriously. A joke. They have a half of a sheet of paper, one side, as their wine list. No flights, no tastings. But for the audience it attracts who are easily impressed by over-priced glop and wine in a trendy area, they'll continue to do just fine. I will never be back.
5	Postino is an amazing place to chill and relax with good company, good food, and amazing wine. We had a nice Friday afternoon lunch outside with a glass a wine, and it was a perfect atmosphere. The Arcadia location makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than a city like Phoenix. The cheese board - amazing!
5	Postino = Love. That's all. Well, it's far from being "all," considering I could sing it's praises all day, but I'll try to be concise here! Service- friendly, laid back and approachable; even when it's busy (which is often- go Postino!) you never get the impression that they're too stressed to answer a question or help you. Always smiling. Tremendous value- $5 glasses of wine until 5pm, and one $12.75 board of bruschetta is easily a meal for two - and DELICIOUS. I've yet to order anything else because I simply can't imagine a visit without it!! Ambience- reason enough to come back as often as socially acceptable. The industrial rustic interior is full of character and all in all just a wonderful place to be!
4	Yum!!What a cool place!! The wine list is great and introduced me to a new favorite wine: sparkling sauvignon blanc!!  A perfect combination of my two favorite wines!The extensive Bruschetta menu was novel & very good.  Also surprisingly filling.I would also highly recommend the cheese board! Nothing was left unfinished on ours!
5	Wow, I love this place on Sundays! The patio and the music make me feel like I'm on a beach in Cali! Great mental escape. The sangria (3-stars) was not the best I have had but was still good. The bruschetta (5-stars) was really unique and really good. I also had a sandwich and soup. Both were about 4-star quality. Our server was AWESOME! 5-Stars to him! He was hilarious. I don't think he was trying to be funny but he just was. Great personality and he seemed to really like his job. The live music....5 STARS! The musician was talented and he played for about 2 hours. From Bob Marley, Jack Johnson, to Dire Straits. All summer type music, and all very well executed. The place was busy so it did take a while to get food, but I was relaxed, had my sangria, and had good music so all was right in the world:) The parking could be a problem but I got lucky and was able to pull right in. The bathrooms are unisex....eeeewh....but clean. As long as they remain clean I will keep my rating at 5 stars, the minute that changes....it will be 4 stars.
5	The bruschetta is awesome!  I have taken a dozen people there and recommend the apples and brie, fig and marscapone, and proscuitto with dates and pistachios.....sometimes I get it without the proscuitto.  Perfect trendy place to take out of town guests!
5	It's safe to say that I have developed a serious love affair with Postino. While both locations are exceptional, the Arcadia version in the old post office has charm that is unmatched. The patio makes you forget that you are in the middle of the desert, the waitstaff is friendly, knowledgeable and fun, and the food...wow. The bruschetta goes unmatched in the Valley and pretty much any other place I've visited. It's so good that I don't bother to order it anywhere else. Nothing compares. The chicken and mozzarella panini has quickly become my favorite sandwich in town. I sub the pesto in for the mayo, and I can't think of anything I'd rather have for lunch. The downfall is the parking situation, but with a little patience or a few dollars for the valet, you'll be seated and enjoying a delicious meal in no time. Whether it's soup inside on a rainy day or a life-changing sandwich on the patio in the springtime, Postino never disappoints.
5	Postinos is 'that place' that I just adore. No matter the occasion or time of day, I have never been let down.I first went to Postinos on a date, and it was incredible. (I'm referring to both the guy & the food!)The wine list is incredible - and there are almost always specials going on so you can try something new without breaking the bank. The food is delicious - I always suggest anyone try the bruchetta planks, and any of their salads are a delicious choice. I love both the Arcadia and Central locations the same; Arcadia seems to be where I frequent the most just due to proximity of our home. If you haven't been, just try it! Great food, great drinks, great staff, and friendly customers.
4	Postinos is an excellent place to grab a glass of wine and a light meal. There is an excellent patio and lounge area. I like that its good for intimate setting but they can also accommodate larger groups. They have a great selection of $5 wines which they offer on happy hour till 5pm everyday. Mondays and Tuesdays have $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta. We've tried all their bruschettas and we love each one! Theyre surprisingly filling--all fresh ingredients!
4	The bruschettas were delicious, I remember loving the following bruschettas: hummus with artichoke, cheese with marmalade, apple with cheese, red peppers. The music and the service were great. Would definitely come back.
4	Ok, so it was kind of funny. I have a friend in visiting from out of town and her parents are here also visiting family. So on Wednesday night I decided to take her to Postino, because I went to the one on Central and loved the food (hated the service, but the food was great). So I took her to this location. Much better! The place was way less busy (i guess that's because it wasn't one of their special nights) and we were seated right away. We even found parking over by LGO. Whoa. So, anyway, We shared a bruschetta board with the brie and apple, the goat cheese and bell pepper, burrata and bacon, and prosciutto and mascarpone and we each got a glass of wine. (I got the Haart riesling.... *drool* that has got to be one of the best rieslings I have had). So the bruschetta was good, I thought the goat cheese one was not all I had hoped for, but the apple and brie was wonderful and so was the burrata and bacon... I think burrata is my new favorite cheese.... that stuff is good! Anyway, it  was a nice night and everything was fine. So fast forward to the next day. I went with my friend and her parents to the botanical gardens and then we were going to get lunch, so I list a bunch of places we can go and they decide they want to go to LGO (Now I've never been there but really want to try their pizza, it looks amazing). So we get there and realize A) there is no table service and B) there is no pizza. Lame. So my friend says.... we could go back to postino..... haha! So we ended up going again! two days in a row. So the second time we all got paninis and salads (and wine.... yum and 5$). I got the half and half with the turkey panini and the italian picnic salad. The turkey sandwich was pretty good, it had tomato, greens, pesto, and provolone on it. It tasted good, but nothing too special. The italian picnic salad was also just ok. I couldn't taste the vinaigrette that's supposed to be on it at all... maybe they forgot to put it on... or maybe it is ridiculously light. The other ingredients were good, it had beets, greens, goat cheese, walnuts, and some crispy things in it. My friend got the prosciutto sandwich, which I tried and it was delicious. Her dad got the nine iron which looked really good. Anyway, this was not as good an experience as the night before, but it evens out to four stars. Yay postino!
4	First, just be careful of sitting on the planters on the north side of the building if you have to wait for a table... sometimes you might get surprised by ants... Now, if that didn't scare you away (and I was trying a little, because I am hoping to tamp down the wait time a scoche) please enjoy yourself!Postino's Arcadia location is the original forerunner in the revitalization of the Phoenix scene. Postino. Cleverly located in a former Post Office. Thanks USPS.  If you find yourself here with a wait (not always, but sometimes) look about yourself. The patrons at this location are uber friendly. With a larger-than-average number of regulars, some of them have very good stories to share, and are particularly generous. We waited one night and had two gentlemen with a high top table offer to let us share their space. It was a rousing good time full of mutual ease, and they left before our party of 3 had finished. When we went to pay, we found out they had taken care of the entire bill. Thanks guys!It's that kinda place. A little magical, a little homey, a little bit of wonderful with great food and plentiful draughts, and just enough contemporary edge that you can impress a date, or drink with the dudes.
2	It's way too loud in here. I prefer the Central Ave. location.
4	Fantastic wine list by the glass, bruchetta, antipasto, and cheese plate is amazing!  They also have soup, salads, and other appetizer like stuff.  Great swanky wine bar type place.  Everything is delicious!!!
4	Postinos is one of my favorite places to go with my friends. We're even considered regulars by the hostess and valet! We go every Monday for the $20 board and bottle of wine special they have after 8 pm. One draw back is sometimes the wait can be 1-2 hours long (On these nights we go to LGO instead).Postinos is also a great source for entertainment. People think it's a great first or second date spot. They are wrong. The one down town is significantly quieter and a way better date spot. But, there are always at least five new couples there. If you're a low talker or extremely shy you should probably try somewhere else. But don't worry, I'll be there every Monday night with my bottle of wine.
5	This is my 2nd review because I love this place sooooooooooo much...Everyone should go here!!! It is one if the best places in phoenix!! The atmosphere is beautiful especially at night! Im so lucky b/c i can just walk here and i do ALL THE TIME!!!  The greatest deal is the board and bottle night on monday and tuesday nights starting at 8 pm...the wine selection is quality...the selection isnt as large but all the wines are fabulous!! You can also buy wine and take it home...the food is just as fabulous...i love the bruschetta prosciutto and fig, brie and apple, ricotta pistachio and date, artichoke spread and the one with tomato bacon and i forgot the cheese...those are the ones i love but i have no doubt the others are great too!! The soups are so warm and delicious i love them on cold dzys and its great if you get a half panini and u can dip your sandwich in it and it makes both the panini and souo that much better...they have paninis for everyone!! The desserts are fabulous my favorite is the salted caramel sundae...i like the caramel ontop of their chocolate cake and ice cream its amazing...of course leave it up to me to love two desserts and combine them...or if you want a good drink other then wine try their bellinis and mimosas...they are delicious at anytime of the day hahaha...just dnt drink too many and drive have someobe get you a cab...I love this place so much and cannot tell more ppl enough about this place!!! So come here and enjoy!!!
5	I always go on Mondays and Tuesdays after 8 for their bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. Its to die for and a good deal! My favorite bruschetta is the roasted peppers with goat cheese. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! YUM
5	One of my favorite places.  I really love trying new places, in fact I routinely avoid places I've been before in lieu of trying somewhere new.  Postino is one of my exceptions. I will come here anytime and be toally content. Consistantly high quality, great service and even better atmosphere.  I am obviously not alone in this thinking because Postino can have a hefty wait time, especially for the bruchetta and wine special on Monday nights.  Its WORTH THE WAIT though.  The goat cheese and tomato jam bruchetta is the BEST!  I always try to get a double order of that one instead of picking four different kinds.  I do believe 'sharing is caring' but I have my limits and not when it comes to Postino brushettas.  The wine list is extensive and there are always helpful recommendations for any palatte or budget for that matter.  I have sat at the bar and sampled various wines before choosing and the bartenders have all been very knowledgeable and friendly.  Postino is a perfect place for a date, girls night out, or family dinner.  It is hard to find a singular place that is so appropriate for any occasion. Parking really isn't a terrible problem. There is a 'free' valet to help you out, which I truly appreciate instead of having to fend for myself in that crowded cramped lot.
5	my my my...spectakski.  Not going to read through all of these reviews, and not wanting to be too redundant, I'll just say the fig/ prozuut  and tomato jam/ sheep's cheese were insane! I may just order a board of the two on my next visit.  Wasn't too jazzed about the salmon or buratta/bacon (they were good, but paled in comparison.They sell the bread too!  I was doubting myself the whole way home as to why I would buy a $7 loaf o' bread, then I ate it again and realized I have short term memory loss ;)CHEERS
4	Fantastic winebar, can't go wrong here.   I'm not going to repeat everyone else's reviews so I'll just contribute a few suggestions here.  First, for white wine lovers, go for the Emeri.  Sparkling Sauvignon Blanc. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing!   And I haven't found anywhere else that carries this brand. Forego the glass, just get the whole bottle if you have someone to share it with.  This is a good place for a dates or hanging out with a few friends (more intimate, smaller group), not as great for a big group.  My recco is not to do dinner there (though their grilled cheese and soup is delish and the apple & brie bruschetta rocks too) but go for the wine and leave room for dessert.  They are all delicious.  The portion sizes are just right for sharing.  Creme brulee is my favorite and the salted caramel sundae is also divine (chocolate covered corn nuts? who knew these were so tasty!).    If you aren't in a wine mood  - though why would you be at a wine bar then - the Mr. Qcumber Soda is a unique little refreshing beverage.    Enjoy!
4	Having a late night dinner last night at Postinos with two friends passing through town once again confirmed my love for this quaint wine cafe.  Do not pass up the bruchetta.  You can mix it up by choosing four over sized pieces for $12.  I love the arugula/buratta and mozz/basil/tomato but fig and cheese is the winner!  All sans meat but positive feedback on the meat selections.  We shared a generously plated cheese board ($14) and the pub board consisting of fresh pretzel-like bread, spicy nuts, cheese bits and a tasty mustard.  My friend also like their broccoli cheese soup.  I've had the vegetarian panini in the past which I enjoyed although the humus was a little overpowering and messy. I'd get it on the side next time. The salad served with it is phenomenal. The wait staff at both locations are great.  I felt bad for walking in 15 minutes before closing last night but I really, really wanted my friends to eat there.  We were greeted with a friendly face and our waiter was very attentive and conversational despite the time. We weren't rushed and were able to enjoy catching up over a bottle of wine and tasty meal on a perfect for patio evening. Downside is parking. The place was bare last night so that wasn't a problem. Friday/Saturday night is going to be a fight.  Also, they will not take reservations of less than six and WILL NOT seat you until your whole party is available.  Not so good for the group I usually go with but we're all learning to be more timely!  It can be a long wait but worth it!
5	Has got to be one of my favorite restaurants. Monday and Tuesday when you are there at or after 8-close, It is $20 bucks for a bottle of wine and your choice of four different slices of their bruschetta. The Chicken and Mozzarella Panini is one of my favorites.You can easily have a dinner for two, including an app, two entree's and a bottle of wine for well under $60.Be aware that there WILL be about an hour wait for this quaint little restaurant. However, in the same center is a place called La Grande Orange that you can grab a decent bottle of wine at while waiting for your table. As well when you do that they validate your valet parking ($3) not including a tip. Valet is a must usually around this spot since the parking is quite horrible. But when you expect it, you should not be disappointed.
2	EVERYBODY raves about this place so I finally went with a friend last week.  I wish I hadn't heard so many good things prior to going because I was severely disapointed.  Service was AWFUL.  We came at 4 pm so we could get in abotu 3 glasses of wine before the $5 wine ended.  WRONG.  It took 30 minutes each time we ordered a glass of wine and I mean 30 minutes from the time we ordered it.  When we went to order the 2nd glass of wine it was 2 minutes after 5 and luckily since we complained we still got it for the $5 price.  The bruschetta also took an excessive amount of time to come and 2 of the cut pieces had fell of somewhere so we got jipped!  Let me say I once was a server for many years.  This place was not that busy and definetly not so busy that it takes 30 minutes to get a glass of wine.Food was ok.  I didn't think the bruschetta was anything special like all my friends made it seem.  I liked the salmon pesto one, but thats about it.I know this review sounds mean and since I have heard such great things I am willing to give this place another try.  I will order a panini and hopefully get quicker service.  If things are better I will be happy to revise my review- if not I will put Postino's in my OVERRATED category
5	One thing I have to sayBEST BRUSCHETTA EVER!!!!
4	What a wonderful afternoon.  The service was fantastic, and very helpful with the wine selection.  I now have a new favorite wine...Zweigelt by Berger.  Yummy.  And the Bruchetta, how could I forget about that.  I had the smoked salmon and Pesto and the Artichoke spread, sooooo tasty.  I have been thinking about that salmon ever since.  I would absolutely go back to Postino, and so should you.
5	Such a great little date spot! I definitely suggest going on Monday or Tuesday nights when they have their bottle of wine/board of bruschetta special for $20. I am typically not a fan of mixed greens salads, but this salad is hands down one of the best I've had. Of course, it wouldn't be a trip to Postino's without bruschetta. My personal faves? Proscuitto and Marscipone, and Apple Fig.
2	I loved Postino's. Loved, as in past tense. Living in the area for the last several years, Postino's was my go-to place for everything from Saturday night celebrations to making a Monday just a little special. The wine is great, the menu is perfect, the ambiance is downright delightful. It's the staff that makes me cringe. On a recent visit, the snobby hostess told us the wait was 2 hours... But no one was there ... And there were empty tables ... Something did not seem right and when I asked her about it again, she rudely just stared at me. 2 hours later, we got seated and ignored. It took another hour (!) for our bruschetta to arrive to our table. We left feeling hungry  and  neglected. The worst part is that I started to ask around and I have three (3) other friends with almost the exact same experience. After so many happy years at Postino's, I won't go back to the Arcadia location. On the bright side, the Central location boasts the same menu minus the horrid staff.
5	This place gets 5 stars for a couple of reasons. 1. The prosciutto and brie, apples and fig spread, warm artichoke spread, and the baratta and bacon brisket are amazing. those are the ones i will always order. 2. For 20 bucks you can get this Delicious food AND a bottle of some of the best pinot noir (which usually costs 11 bucks a glass!!!) 3. Its the perfect place for a date, and a cheap one at that, on mondays and tuesdays. or a girls night out. the only complaint is the wait on mondays and tuesdays. the hostess told us it was an 80 minute wait. it only ended up being 40....wtf. haha
5	But also! The tomato jam and fresh sheep's milk bruschetta is the best thing in the world. I would like a bruschetta board filled with that, ev.er.y. day.And, the service is very friendly and attentive whenever I go in, even if it's a busy time of day. Much appreciated.
5	Have read a lot of reviews but have never been here prior to tonight. Not sure about the reviews regarding poor service. It's not McDonald's folks...this place is not meant to get you in and out in 45 minutes. If you want your food quick...call it in and get it to take-out. Take your time and enjoy the amazing food, affordable wine, and great space.I was there with my wife and sister, and we ordered 8 different bruschettas, a sandwich, and a salad. They were all hits...no misses. Our service was quick, friendly, helpful and attentive. Giving us advice like recommending that we buy the bottle instead of three glasses of the same wine cause we get a free glass! Woohoo! :)Will definitely be going back, and very happy that I finally went!
2	I have been a regular customer of Postinos Arcadia for about 2 years.  I initially fell in love w/ the ambiance and wonderful bruschetta but to make it better, it is within walking distance of my home.Unfortunately I have been disappointed by my last two visits to Postinos.  Most recently I went Tues. evening (5/10/11) at about 6 p.m.  I ordered a Bruschetta and bottle of wine.  The bruschetta came out quickly but tasted stale.  Really, it seemed like it had been assembled hours earlier and sat on the counter waiting for the order.  So sad.  I thought, "this is mediocre at best".  The service was ok, but again, pretty mediocre.  I hate to say it, but it seems like Postinos Arcadia might just be getting comfortable with their reputation and has stopped caring about the quality of food and service they were so well known for.  I want to acknowledge that Tues. evenings come w/ a coupon for a reduced board and bottle of wine after 8 p.m.  I was there at prime dinner hour and felt like I was treated as a customer coming only for the "Special of the Day".  I could go just about anywhere in Arcadia and find mediocre bruschetta and service and pay a whole lot less.
5	I've been putting off writing this review for ages, mainly because I love it so much that I want to do it justice. You're intimidating me, Postino! You're intimidating me with your loveliness!Just get your butt to the Monday/Tuesday happy hour special. Just do it and get it over with for the first time so henceforth you will realize that it is where you need to be on Monday and/or (yes there have been a few occasions I have gone two nights in a row DON'T JUDGE ME) Tuesday night. You get any bottle of wine and a plate of the most decadent bruschetta, for $20. We're not talkin' a few little slices of bread with some chopped romas and basil... We're talking about full-flavored, substantially protein'd, tasty-ass bruschetta here, folks. You get to choose 4 of the 12 varieties they offer, and you get 4 slices of each. That way you and whoever you go with, can try them all. TWO PIECES OF EACH FOR ME AND TWO OF EACH FOR YOU, NO CHEATING. I'm watching you. And counting. And nomming. Here are my favs:The prosciutto w/ figs and marscaponeSmoked salmon w/ pestoBrie & apples w/ fig spreadTomato jam & fresh sheeps milk cheeseGood god I want it and I want it now.Some of the wines I've had are excellent. Some are just ok. That happens when you frequent this place as much as I do, and their wine list is ever-changing. I have discovered some of my favorite wines here, and nothing ever that I would turn my nose up at. I've now written so much about their food and wine that I am going to skip right over ambiance. It's awesome. End of story. And well worth the sometimes 1 hour wait.Probably my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Probably.
4	I absolutely love this place!The bruschetta is delicious, we've tried just about every one! My favorite is the brie and apple, something amazing about that mix.The wine is always great too, with a lot of options and the staff is very informative! The cheese plate is a good mix of cheese, bread, nuts and fruit. The set up is so cute and it's a great place for a date (friendly or romantic). My only complaint is that the flies drive me nuts! You have to try this place, you won't regret it!
4	Fun atmosphere great food, beer, and wine.  Happy Hour is one of the best
5	Postino is my favorite cafe in Phoenix!!!!! The customer service is outstanding. In my first vist I was greeted by almost all the employees, asked if I wanted water or anything to drink while I was waiting for a table. In my second visit that was 2 months later I received the same service :)  I love the live music on Sundays and the food is excellant. The bruchetta board is the best and filling. Just enough food for 2. Having Sierra Navada on the beer list is a great plus as well.
5	This was the place my girlfriend and I went for our first date 4 years ago. Been hooked ever since. If you don't go I will not be offended it just means I don't have to wait as long. Really it is a great place for wine and light food.
5	It's about 8:30pm Memorial Monday... Just finished a long day at Sedona with hikes and many activities.  Here I am @ Postinos on my way back home to cali =)It has been 2 years since the last time I ate here.  It's always the last stop for food on the way back to California.  $20 for 4 choices of Nom Nom bruschetta & a bottle of wine is such a great deal!  You can choose not to have the bottle opened and to go it home! =)   Bruschetta assortment is just unbelievably great!  Definitely put me in a food coma on the 7 hour drive home. I rarely give 5 stars, but Postinos deserved it because the employees are soooo amiable consistenly checking up on our table. With such a long day in Sedona I had 8-10cups of water and there wasn't a moment I had to "ask" for water like other establishments.  Employees must of had very keen eye-vision because it was quite dark in the room and they kept my water cup filled at all times.  I did have a little sip of Moscato from my friend's bottle and it's bubbly good!  Postinos... seee ya on my next road trip... or you can open up a location in southern california =)
4	Postino's has the best brushetta around. Fresh ingredients and a marvelous wine list to go with it. It is always busy but if you go a little early for lunch it is easier to get in.  The parking can be rough but plan ahead and it is worth it.This is one place with food and atmosphere to rival one of my favorite places in Florence Italy.  Don't rush, be patient and above all be open minded.  You may discover a dish you would have never considered and love it.
4	Their food (great bruscetta) and libations are fine. The crowd is more Scottsdale-ish than at the other location. Also, the crowd is denser and the wait longer. Expect to waste your money in valet; not so at the other location. The only problem with both Postino's is their music: it's loud and it's bad! It's an irritation as well aesthetic sodomy. For the sake of almighty Allah, can't you people get in touch with your heritage and the supernal realm by playing classical music? Not only does this music complement the aura of the wine bar, but it's elevated and pulchritudinous to boot!
5	Somehow, I have neglected to review Postino Arcadia... so let me correct that mistake.  And now that there are 300+ positive reviews on here -- this is just to pile on the love.Love the atmosphereLove the food (the bruschetta! my mouth is watering now...)Love the friendly serviceLove the locationLove live music (though it can disrupt conversations) The only "don't Love"?  Parking.  But that is a small price to have a nice spot to enjoy food with friends.
5	What can I say, but date spot in the valley... Fair prices (esp. during happy hour) and the BEST bruschetta I've ever had... Period...end of discussion.
5	Came here twice and loving it. Great place to take friends out for drinks And chill. Or on a hip date.awesome  food and price. Favorite is the smoke salmon brushetta.
5	Who hasn't written a review on this place?  What's another 5 star review going to prove? LOLAnyway, everything on here is true.  The bruschettas are simply heavenly.  It's as simple as that.  When you combine locally baked breads, with the best toppings around, you just can't go wrong.  The bruschetta and bottle of wine special can't get any better.  Their soups and cheese platters are yummy too.Beware, parking stinks but they do offer complimentary valet during limited hours.
5	My sister had been talking about how great this place is, but it's a little out of the way for me so I didn't get a chance to check it out until recently. WOW! It totally lives up to the hype! I'm from the east coast and miss "mom & pop" type restaurants that are charming and unique. This place totally made me feel at home. Not only was the food incredible (we got 4 types of bruschettas and the meat/cheese board), but the presentation was great too! It was just enough food for a late dinner and wasn't outrageously priced. It was a good crowd of people too... "normal"! I didn't see any NoSco Cougars, Downtown Hippies or Old Town D-bags. A welcomed change!The ambiance is perfect! Dim lighting, eclectic decor, awesome patio and even cute little touches like the pieces of paper they have to put your gum in - LOVE IT! I'm hooked for sure!
4	This seems like a really fun place!  I was there on a Tuesday nite, and the it was completely slammed.  To the point that you couldn't even hear the person sitting 2 people away.  That was kinda frustrating, but it's obviously a popular place!  The bruschetta was huge and amazing, as was the cheese plate. There was a great selection of wine (and beer I think)  however they don't have a full bar.  (no liquor).Parking was all valet out front because every single space in their tiny parking lot was filled.  The neighborhood around is all resident only parking, but I managed to find a spot at the end of 39th street where the end few spaces were not just for residents.    I deff want to try this place again, just hopefully on a not so crowded evening to really get a feel for it.
5	It's easy to review Postino because there's nothing to complain about. Consistently great quality service & food. Amazing date spot, but be careful. Many classy ladies in the valley have already been swooned over by other eager gents at this location. Be original and don't be THAT dude that takes a girl where she's been previously on a first date!Mondays and Tuesdays are busy for a reason. The $20 wine & bruschetta deal is fantastic and is perfect portion size. If you are starving or care for an appetizer, the Bella Postino is terrific!
5	My favorite place in the Valley! Whether you are there to drink wine or eat dinner this is the place to go. The servers are friendly, the food is delicious and the wine divine. They change their wine menu just enough to keep it interesting but not enough to be overwhelming. The bruschetta board is amazing - order it. Their sandwiches, soups and desserts are delicious. I do not have enough good things to say about this place!Only two negatives - parking can be difficult and overcrowding can be an issue inside. So if you go on the weekends make sure to go early or be ready to stand and drink wine while you wait :)
5	I'v worked for Postino for about 3 years and it is the greatest place ever! If you haven't been, you're missing out. -KC "Wildman" Slager
5	Went again last night - Can't say a bad thing about it. Bravo Postino!Also - valet is only $3... totally worth it.
4	Visited for the famous $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta deal for the first time.  Loved the ambiance, our choice of wine, and the bruschetta, but I will probably pass on the bellini next time.  Warm artichoke bruschetta is excellent, and although we had to wait an hour and a half (we got there at 9pm thinking that's when the happy hour started) before being seated, the staff was courteous and accommodating as they worked to make sure we were taken care of to the best of the abilities.  Will return again very soon!
5	My husband and I just moved to Phoenix from NYC, and everyone told us that the food in Phoenix will never be as good as the food in New York.  We COMPLETELY disagree - the food at Postino was far better than the food at our "go to" neighborhood wine bar in NY.  We could not believe how delicious the food was at Postino, and the service was incredible too! The artichoke dip put Houston's to shame, and the bruschetta, and vegetarian panini were all mouth-watering.  We greatly look forward to going back!  My husband woke up this morning and said, "Let's go to Postino again" and it hasn't even been 24 hours since we were there...
4	The happy hour here is good -$5 pitchers of good beer. They are mini-pitchers about 24oz but still they have really good beer on tap. The food is also really good. It's not your average fair. Totally original concept of small open face sandwiches. If you go; go at happy hour. The parking can be a bitch and the wait can be one too.
4	Great early bird specials on wine and mini-pitchers of beer before 5pm, only $5.  The food is very good and taylored to a wine menu.  A very nice place for a date with your wife or significant other.
5	Wonderful food and wine.  The bruschetta boards are enough for a small meal for two people.  The atmosphere of Postino's is relaxed so that you are comfortable sitting enjoying your food and drinks without feeling rushed.  Make a reservation, this place is always full.
5	I've never had a bad experience here.  They have a great happy hour and I will drive for miles to order Postino's bruchetta.  I'm a fan for life!
4	Would consider it my favorite wine bar in Arizona so far. The board (4 different types of bruschetta) were pheonomal. The rose wine was a perfect choice recommends by the server. Ordered the turkey pesto panini and extremely pleased. Salad was delicious with the order... And the olive plate was good.  Parking is about 3 bucks. Bathrooms were very clean. Many different options of wine and alot of them tasted amazing. Good service, food is out very fast and servers are very much on top of the game. For dessert we got the Creme Brulee which was great. Will for sure be back here again.
5	One word: heaven!
5	The bruschetta is amazing. And the wine is great too. And $5 before 5 p.m. everyday. Also, $5 pitchers of pretty good beer. And $5 mimosas.
4	This place had such a great atmosphere. The wine list had a really good selection to suite just about any taste. Their food was great too. I highly recommend trying their bruscetta, I never knew there could be so many ways to eat bruscetta!
5	I love this place!  Great bruschetta, best I've ever had. So good, in fact, that this place has ruined me for all other establishments that sell bruschetta.  I was also very impressed with the value!  Keep rocking, Postino!
5	The turkey panini was delicious and the service was good.  It also helped that Walt Richardson was performing. All and all a great treat.
5	I loved this place! We are big fans of Walt Richardson and his music first of all, and he was playing today. But, add in delicious tapas (really fresh-loved all of our choices, especially goat cheese and fig) for a wonderful experience. I tasted my friend's $5 Sunday white Sangria and had to have one of my own. There were blackberries, strawberries, raspberries, lemon, etc. in it, and it was super good!! The atmosphere was trendy. Next time we'd like to try to reserve the couch for seating in front of the entertainment. Very cool.
5	Food is super tasty! Can't go wrong with the turkey panini with pesto or bruschetta with prosciutto, figs & Mascarpone cheese. Mouth watering just thinking about it. Sundays during 11-3 they offer cool laid back tunes by Walt Richardson and $5 refreshing white sangria. A great way to relax at the end of the weekend.
2	My friend and I decided to meet up on Sunday to catch up and decided on Postino's because of their day time drink specials and their Sangira Sunday deal.  I know they are a busy place so I went a few minutes early to grab a table since my friend was driving from N Scottsdale.  The Hostess was friendly and told me it would be a 15 min wait for a table so I headed to the bar to grab a drink.  15 minutes pass and I see others that came in after me being seated.  20 minutes pass and I ask the hostess how much longer it would be.  She told me that she couldn't seat me because the rest of my party hadn't arrived yet.  I said yes I am waiting on 1 other person but I came early to get a table while she drove down.  The hostess told me they were busy and can't let people just hold tables all day for their friends.  She rudely said she would seat me now since I complained and lead me over to 2 lounge chairs with 2 wobbly end tables pushed together to make a table.  The idea was cute but made for an awkward eating experience since I was leaning forward and bending down to enjoy eating my lunch.  I had specifically asked for a table so I wasn't sure if we got seated at this table because I had complained as there were other more eating friendly tables available.The whole ordeal was very off putting so my friend and I stayed for a bit and then went to another restaurant
5	Great food, great Sangria, great live music, great vibe, great service EXCLAMATION MARK. Overall it was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon.
5	I effing love this place, that is all there is to it.  I have taken a parade of first dates in here, so much so that when I was single my friend swore they were going to think I was a lady of the night.  But I love it so, I'm so comfortable here, the place is so warm and inviting, and who doesn't look hot gilded in candle light?  I have been here prob more than 80 times, and it never gets old.  I return at least once or twice a week, and not just for a date night, wine with friends, lunches with mom, happy hour are all equally fun here.  My favorite things: $20 night, although Mon and Tue after 8 are busier than a weekend up in here, be prepared to wait and get drunk; brushetta in all it's glory - always fresh, always perfect; the ever changing wine list, always fun to try them all and order for others; the soups in winter; the prosciutto and brie sandwhich, I die.  One more confession, I actually picked my current condo because of it's proximity to Postino.  Less than a mile.  Sold.  xx
5	Postino Arcadia is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. The wine list is diverse and if you having trouble choosing, just ask your server. The bruschetta is amazing and an absolute must have. When you go, valet....it's definitely $3 well spent. That way, you can get into Postino's faster to grab a seat. You really can't go wrong with the Prosciutto and Brie Sandwich, along with the Mixed Green Salad - I'd love to say that I try something different each time, but I can't waver from that. It's truly fantastic. This is a great place for a date night, and if you haven't been there......go. Now. Just expect to wait for awhile, they're always busy. But trust me ,it's well worth it!Oh, and a tip? They have a special Monday and Tuesday nights after 8:00pm....a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. WIN :-)
5	You know when a movie comes out and EVERYONE is talking about how great it is and when you finally see it you are extremely disappointed and wonder what all the fuss was about? That is what I half expected about Postinos.  Instead, this place EXCEEDED the already high expectations others had set in place for it. I came here on a Friday evening a couple of weeks ago after a wine tasting at LGO. It was 6:30-7:00pm and we only waited a couple of minutes for a table. It was just me and a girlfriend and since we have the same taste in wine, we decided to order a bottle to share.  We had the RIckshaw Pinot Noir which was delightful.  For food we had the Cheeseboard and the mozzarella and tomato jr.  AMAZING.  I love cheese (as do most wine lovers) and their cheeseboard was delicious.  It features a great variety of cheeses from mild to strong in flavor.  In my eyes the best combo of foods and flavors is the ever simplistic tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil.  Postinos does it perfecto. Everything is fresh as fresh as can be, my mouth is watering just thinking about it!I had major food envy when I saw the table next to us get served an impressive plate of Bruschetta.  I will definitely be trying that the next time I come. Here is how much I loved this place: I just found out my schedule is changing and I'll be getting off work at 3 instead of 5.  Literally the first thought that popped in my head was "I can make it to Postino's for their amazing happy hour!" I literally can not wait to go back to this place.
5	Favorite wine bar by far! More for the food of course. Bruchetta....is the best you will ever find. It's more of a french bread with toppings. Not super crunchy...a tad chewy. The prosciutto, cheese and fig is my favorite. This is a wonderful date spot and is perfectly lit for a romantic evening. Maybe a tad loud and the wait may be long, but worth it!!! Check this place out. There is one being built on Gilbert Rd in Old Town Gilbert so no more long drives to my favorite spot!!!
4	I've been coming to this place since it opened and it's still just as good.  Great for lunch, happy hour and dinner.  Great wine selection too. A little loud at times though, so not the place to have any meaningful conversations.
4	I had a girls night out last Saturday.  Bruschetta was so yummy!  We tried four different kinds.  They were all very good.  I can't wait to go again!!!
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZEBALLZ.  This is the place my "girlz" and I go when we want to get out and have great food. LOVE LOVE LOVE their brushetta and the chicken raspberry salad. OMG!
5	There are a lot of wine bars popping up across the Valley in the last few years and they are pale imitations of this.  Postino's is great.  Love the atmosphere and the Bruschetta boards are amazing.  Lots of choices and each board is a large serving, big enough to share.  Perfect place for happy hour with the $5 glasses of wine.  I can't wait for them to open their Gilbert location.
5	Absolutely amazing!I finally made it to Postino after hearing great things from many people.  We came on a Tue night to meet up with another couple we hadn't seen in awhile.  Mon and Tue they have the special where you get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20.  This is a great deal.  The place was crowded so if you go make sure you go early and get your name in.  The nice thing is that you can start drinking your bottle while you wait.  We were waiting for around 45 min before we got a table but we were having fun nonetheless.  The bruschetta was amazing and there were many different types to choose from.  We also tried the grilled cheese which was delightful.  We will definitely be back again and I am excited to try more things on the menu.
5	Love this place!! great ambiance, $5 glasses of wine til five. Bruchettas are amazing, salads as well. The service staff ( Miles & Josh) are awesome! Very friendly and helpful. A ++
4	I'd been hearing about Postinos from some food snob friends of mine so I decided to try it out this past Friday night.  Got there at 7 p.m. and scored a table with no wait in the middle of the dining room.  Immediately I realized it was a little too loud for the audience with the music playing, but stuck it out.  I was meeting my friend's parents who were in town on vacation and thought it would be a nice, casual place with hopefully great wine and food.  They loved the architecture inside, with the exposed pipes and brick and large, open garage doors.  The patio was probably not quite as loud, but was full so we were definitely stuck inside.  I had a glass of $11 Malbec, which was fantastic.  We ordered the bruschetta and I im in love with the artichoke version as well as the apple and brie.  I was not blown away by the mozzerella and tomato, which I thought I had heard was a guaranteed good time.  I also got the turkey panini though which I got with a salad.  It was bigger than any panini I've ever had and I took half of it home.  It had  a pesto sauce that made it the best panini I think I've had in my lifetime.  (Maybe I've had ten paninis though in my lifetime so take it for what it's worth.)  The salad I was not blown away by and was not disappointed when the waiter took it away while asking if he could take it away.Service was a little slow, but again it was a Friday night.  The wait staff is a friendly, helpful group and didn't rush us as we sat and chatted while eating for three hours.  Valet is $3, which is fair, but what is a riot is when you walk out, if you had your keys, you could walk the twenty feet and get your car yourself.  But instead, you have to wait behind five people for the valet to hand you your keys and THEN you walk to your car.  AFTER tipping of course:)Overall, I will go back for the paninis, maybe try a few other bruschettas.  It will be hard to not to to LGO next door though...
3	I came here on Thursday before my company and I were going to head to LGO for dinner. I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now since I have been hearing and reading great things through yelp. I mean how great can panini's and bruschetta actually be? More on that later. The actual building itself was pretty cool. A nice chill vibe that wasn't overbearing with pretentiousness. Always a breath of fresh air. What kills this place is the crowd. I showed up about 2 PM. and the crowd was casual and just having a good time. As the time got later the typical Arcadia yuppie / trendy crowd began coming in. Totally killing the atmosphere. I don't know why so many people in Scottsdale and Phoenix are like this, I don't get it. It's not attractive, you look like douche bags. I swear it seems as though there is a clan of people on yelp all yelping together to write great reviews, because it's what they like, so gay. OK, now for this food review, it's strictly for the bruschetta's. Honestly I don't know why people praise somethings. I tasted four of them. Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil. Tomato Jam and fresh Sheep's Milk Cheese. Burrata, Bacon, Arugula, and Tomatoes. And Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Let me get one thing clear, they all tasted good, and yes some were more impressive than others, but come on it's a slice of bread with a topping, not really a culinary masterpiece. Although I will give props to the Tomato jam, that was delicious! As an all around value of Postino, you really can't go wrong. The prices match what these items should be priced at, and solid drink deals. I would definitely go back if fellow friends suggest going there, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come back here.  But with all this being said, they have 2 locations and are opening up a third one.  So props to the owners, they have marketed a concept and people are loving it so they're doing something right in many people's opinions.
5	One of the best places to have a great meal in the valley.I ordered a two picks combo menu of the house salad and nine iron(?) sandwich0 which was a PERFECT choice. I can't wait to go back there again to try other menus.
5	ok, really guys. Stop reading this review. If a f*cking place has over 400 hundred reviews AND is able to hold a standing of over 4 stars...its a good place! Don't have to read any further! You know what, since you are still reading this, i am just going to end my review now!
5	Ive been to this place a few times for lunch and always had a great experience so when a friend from out of town wanted to get together I recommended meeting here. We got there just in time to get happy hour drink prices,$5 for wine so we each grabbed a glass real fast and sat and chatted. Happy hour ends at 5 btw so go early. The crowd was light at 5 and we chatted for a good hour or so before ordering our first bruschetta board. You get 4 pieces of each selection and you can select 4 different types. The apple fig one was amazing of course the classic tomato mozzarella was to die for. The prosciutto and date melted in your mouth! We gnawed on that for about 30 mins then ordered another to try 4 more! We sat and chatted drinking just water and they kept filling our water glasses and in the 3 hours that we were there and while their waiting list portables grew they didn't rush us out of there at all. This is definitely going to be a staple on my hang out list now that I live closer!
5	I came close to subtracting a star because this place is LOUD.....unnecessarily loud, due to the music and it is hard to find a quieter table because speakers are everywhere! Since other reviewers mentioned this, you think the place would get the idea that this restaurant is full of cool people that know how to actually converse. I have been to Postino's 4-5 times and usually bring someone who hasn't been before....clients for happy hour/husband for lunch, etc. Although their patio isn't large, it is my favorite area and I recently found out they are dog-friendly. Happy hour here is the best....the appetizer menu with different kinds of Bruscetta is unreal. Don't be afraid to dive into their wine and beer menu - if you haven't heard of a label, ask your waitperson. They have obviously been well trained and give great advice. Speaking of the wait staff - they deserve high points. Even when this place is packed, they show up promptly....if fact, we had 2 or 3 different people stop by and ask if we needed anything. My favorite thing on the lunch menu (alas, I've not had dinner here yet) is the proscuitto and Brie panini. This mere "sandwich" is my diet Kryptonite...and worth it! Every bite is a food orgasm of salty proscuitto,warm gooey Brie slathered with sweet fig jam. Each time they put it in front of me I make the obligatory chick-remark of "taking 1/2 of it home" with me.....and 20 minutes later my plate looks like the dog licked it!
5	Beautiful people, tasty Brushetta, good wine all go well with the good weather.  No complaints, but this place could you an early acoustic jazz happy hour a little more regularly.  Great place in the sun!
5	Postino rocks!It's a great place to grab a light and relaxing dinner and drink. The place has a chill feel to it, so it's a great place to take a date. Postino has an extensive wine list and also offers an awesome variety of beers. Their beer list includes your basic domestics, higher end domestics, and a handful of tasty imports.The food is amazing as well, with the highlight being the bruschetta. When ordering the bruschetta, you choose any four of eleven yummy choices. None of the eleven are bad, however my favorites are the brie and apples with fig spread, Mozzarella with tomato and basil, salami with pesto, and the warm artichoke spread.The outdoor seating area is the place to be and the prices are very reasonable.Great food, awesome wine list, good beer selection, nice ambience, and reasonable prices give Postino five stars.
5	This is the kind of restaurant every other restaurant should visit and take thorough notes on "How to do it Right". Seriously, this places rules.The service was super friendly and not in a fake, cheesy, over the top way. The people are real and just as hipster/classy as the establishment. The music, AMAZING. Nothing better than great jams while enjoying yummy food with good company. Everything from Tegan and Sara, Interpol and Broken Bells to Manchester Orchestra. My kinda jams.The food gets its own category because holy miss moly, this stuff is good. We ordered their bruschetta appetizer where you choose 4 different types of 11 different bruschetta creations they offer. We went with 1-Brie and Apples with Fig Spread, 2-Ricotta with Dates and Pistachio's, 3-White Bean with Chopped Tomato and 4-Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. FOODGASM. When we ordered this, we were under the impression we were only geting 1 piece of each type of bruschetta that we chose and when it arrived at our table we were pleasantly surprised to see we actually get 4 pieces of each flavor. Lots of food!! Great price point for what you get. Presentation: Rocks, Flavor: Unreal, Price Point: Totally worth it. Because we originally thought the bruschetta was going to be a "side" we also ordered the Vegetarian panini with a side Mixed Green salad which was also super delicious. Lets just say we were super full.The atmosphere here is laid back and beautiful. If you want to dazzle your friends from out of town or take some one on a first date, you can't go wrong with Postino Arcadia.
5	This restaurant got all the right stuff. Great service, a great wine list, quality food, and a relaxed atmosphere with a European feel to it. The chef must have a great knowledge of foods and flavors that compliment one another because I cannot recall trying a dish that I did not like. Bruschettas are great because you get to try four different flavors in one order. Last time we went I had their chicken and mozzarella panini which was delicious. I highly recommend you try this place.
5	Postino's is a great date restaurant. Especially on Mondays and Tuesdays when they have their $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine special. You can choose any bottle of wine off of their fairly long list of wines and get a delicious board of bruschetta for only $20. Major win. The proscuitto and fig is my absolute favorite, followed by the artichoke, brie and apple, and salmon and capers. The restaurant has a great interior and patio with a huge wall glass garage door that opens up to connect the interior to the exterior when the weather is nice. If you join their mailing list, you get a free bruschetta board on your birthday and the restaurant's birthday. I also love their sea salt caramel sunday - it's the most delicious dessert ever. You have to try this place. It's just great.
5	If I could live off of Postino's Bruchetta Board I would. Actually now that I think about it that isn't a bad idea. The only downside of loving something so much is that I hardly venture out and trying something else on the menu. I think my favorite is the red peppers - I don't know how they get so much good flavor in a tiny little piece. The only other thing I have had their is what I call the "magic sandwhich." Also known as the chicken and mozzarella panin but I sub the mayo for a pesto sauce. Yum Yum Yum!Plus they have an amazing selection of drinks and a great happy hour (if only it went a little longer in the afternoon it would be perfection).
5	I LOVE this place!  My sister jokes that the only reason she comes to visit me in Arizona is for Postino's!
4	There is nothing better than a lazy Sunday at Postino. Actually, there is nothing better than a lazy any day at Postino. The food is great, the wine is great and the service is (usually) great. Along with the bruschetta, which is yum, I always order the Italian Picnic salad. The beets and bacon are delish paired with a creamy, Italian dressing. The only downside is the parking. Very limited and usually you have to valet. If you are in the neighborhood I recommend walking or biking. All in all this place will not disappoint.
5	Love this place! The only thing that can be improve is for them to accept reservations for parties less than 6. There is a $3 valet which makes it easier. It has a wonderful ambiance and it felt comfortable, fun, and trendy. I ordered the Bellini and it was delicious. I personally dont think they have a wide selection of drinks. The bruschetta is amazing though. I absolutely loved it. The portions are great and make you full. I loved the olives they brought out too. The music was not too loud so you would have to scream to be heard. Overall, wonderful experience! I am definitely going back. This time I want to try their brunch on Sundays.
5	I always have a splendid time at Postino. The food is wonderful and usually comes out pretty quickly. Fun atmosphere and I love the historic building.
5	I miss Postino! I moved from Phoenix about 8 months ago and every time a happy hour is needed, I think if only I could have Postino tonight... Phoenix, enjoy this place- go often- eat lots of Bruchetta and raise a glass of wine to celebrate ANYTHING.Take it from me, a girl who missed her favorite place...there isn't another place quite like it. The atmosphere, the servers, the comfortable patio and wonderful selection of wines to choose from make Postino Arcadia a 5 star location!
5	Went to Postino Arcadia. Enjoyed Postino Arcadia. I would say GO to Postino Arcadia! You cant go wrong with any combo of the bruchetta and the Nine Iron is one of my all time favorite sandwiches anywhere
5	Now that I actually do live in the hood, it's time to revise. What's up neighbor?! That's how I feel now when I stop by for a glass of vino. Maybe they don't know me that well, but they do seem to recognize my dog. She's actually why this place gets an extra star - super dog friendly patio. Bowl of water and constant affection from the staff every time my hound comes along. She's spoiled here and it make me happy.Food is still fabulous and the wine...Oh the wine. How I crave that Garnacha when I'm anywhere else. There really is no time that's not good to be here, but I love lounging outside on week nights when it's not quite as busy. I always meet fun people here that are also soaking up the good vibes. I officially can never move away from Arcadia.
5	Don't ask me about anything on the menu except the bruschetta, I've never been able to get past it.  Many different inventive delicious toppings on perfectly toasted slices of rustic bread, served on a narrow wooden platter.  Each and every bite is to die for, and they have a good glass wine.The only thing I don't like is the loud techno music.  Everyone yells to be heard above it.  Which means I have to, too.
5	This review is way overdue. And since I am not a regular Yelp reviewer, I am making an exception to this one....I am in love with the quality and range of bruschetta they had at Postino. Figs, honey, almonds, pistachio, goat cheese, prisciutto and sooo much more!    Bite after bite felt like heaven on earth. Their creativity with the menu blew me away. Hip  ambiance. check. Originality. check. Scrumptiousness.  triple check.   I need to find a place like this in the Bay Area!
4	I flew in from a chilly gray day in San Antonio to a gorgeous day in Phoenix. Had lunch on the patio here.. just wanted something light and this was perfect. Assorted Bruschetta, caprese salad and chilled Riesling. Everything was perfect, the food, the service, the atmosphere, the weather. I can't believe I had lived here for 8 years and had never been!
5	Great bruscetta salty carmel sundae, and of course wine.  Service can be a little slow from time to time but not a big deal.  Love the sparkling sav blanc on a hot day.  Cool atmosphere as well.
4	Love it, still partial to central postino.
4	Postino's has a great atmosphere, I would prefer sitting outside its pretty much just candle light inside a little are to read the menus.  Hands down the best thing on the menu is the bruschetta.  This is a good place to start your night with some apps and wine.  Although I was expecting a larger wine list then they provided.  The building is a cool place in itself its an old post office converted to a restaurant so you still have the glass bay doors on the building.
4	Just go get the bruschetta and the pub platter.That's all that really needs to be said.
5	My favorite place by far and well worth the drive from Gilbert. Love the atmosphere, bruschetta, and of course the wine. Great place to catch up with friends. I can't wait for the location in Gilbert to open up.
3	I like Postino. I don't find it amazing. I like that it's cheap, and the food tastes good. I don't think their menu is very unique, but their wine list is nice. I usual order one of their 'exclusive' wines and I'm always happy. I wish it wasn't always so insanely busy here. I know that it's a good thing, and shows that they're doing something right. But, honestly, waiting for 45 min on a Wednesday night to sit at an awkward ikea coffee table and eat bruschetta doesn't always sound so appealing to me. The service is usually pretty pathetic. Although there is one woman that works here that is awesome. She's always friendly and attentive and somehow always remembers my boyfriend and I. Every other server I have had here is awkward and unfriendly. So, to wrap things up: this place is pretty good, but there is room for improvement.
5	I was left with a good impression after my first time there. We went on a Tuesday and it was still pack at night. Very small parking, but there was compliment valet parking. The valet parking guy was also very friendly. The low-lighting environment seem to be a great get-together place for group of friend or even a date. I'm not much of a wine drinker, but we order Moscato and I like it! I also love the bruschettas there, especially the salmon one. They also have a variety of sandwiches that you can order from that will make you quite full after a few bite. I would definitely come back to this place. ^_^
4	Great! came here with my girlfriend and my mom and left very satisfied! We ordered some of there apparently famous bruschetta, some panini and a bottle of their Zweigel wine from Austria and it was all fantastic! I highly recommend going there and at least getting some wine and bruschetta if nothing else, it is well worth you time!Keep singing,-Jerron
4	Bruschetta was the best we've ever had - beautifully prepared, really tasty, and a great variety. Five stars for the Bruschetta. The salads were good, maybe 3.5 to 4 star fare. The sandwiches were also very good, four solid stars. Good service, nice surroundings.
4	Love the Postino Arcadia location. If you are in Phoenix and like wine, this is a hidden gem. Located right off of Campbell and  40th. There is a small parking lot and most nights it is Valet. Try the Bruschetta Board or the Proscuitto and Fig sandwich, on Chibatta of course, you will not be disappointed. It's $5 glasses of wine any day (including weekends) until 5pm... did I mention this deal was EVERYDAY?I also love the ambiance at the Arcadia location, it's what the Central location is just missing a little of. The music is normally alternative and hip, on any given night you will see several patrons using their smartphones to run SoundHound or Shazaam apps to find out what music they are playing.Since I moved away from Phoenix and down to Tucson I really miss this place, but whenever I am up I make a point to get to Postino. As the bumper sticker says "Drinking Wine at Lunch is Not a Crime." The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is due to parking.
4	Love Postinos! Tuesdays and wednesdays they have brushcetta and a bottle of wine for $20. You get 4 different types of bruschetta and 4 pieces of each type. It just gets extremely packed around 7 as there are a ton of people waiting for the wine and bruchetta to start at 8. The rest of the menu seems to be pretty nice but I just havent been back except for more wine and bruchetta nights! Get there early because you will be waiting hungry for a long time!
5	I love coming here for lunch. It's fun to get the bruschetta and a cheese board to share. The panini's are my favorite around. I usually order half a panini and a salad or soup, depending on what the soup of the day is. The Italian Picnic salad is really good. You really can't go wrong with anything you order. Everything is fresh and delicious. The atmosphere is cool and you can chill out, have some wine and enjoy the food. It's a great place to meet friends and hang out for awhile.
4	Great wine pricing before 5 pm.  Wines are fairly priced at all times.  Nice selection of beers.  Cheese and meat plate is terrific to have with wine or beer and don't forget to add the bruschetta board and bring friends.  A nice place to linger away the afternoon.  Yes, you will have to wait to get a table but it's worth it.  Pleasant staff.
5	The soup, salad, panini, and especially the bruschetta were all fabulous! Delicious and beautifully presented. We also really enjoyed the live music and the peach tea. I wish I lived closer - this would easily become a favorite lunch spot for me (although maybe only for special occasions as it's a bit pricey)!HIGHLY recommend. :)
4	Every time my wife and I are in Carefree she makes me drive down here at least once for lunch. What can I say that other haven't, wonderful everything. Can I please have one in the North Valley now please.
5	There is nothing that I don't love about this place.  My first visit was a late afternoon lunch after a hike and we sat on the patio.  Trust me when I tell you that you MUST get the bruschetta.  I can't wait to go back.  The parking doesn't bother me a bit because it's all part of the experience-don't let it deter you.  If you want a big lot and a restaurant with crappy food, no ambiance, and terrible service, go to Chili's.
5	Sunday afternoon as Postino is a special time. With perfect weather and wonderful sangria, Postino offers a hip place to have a drink and feel like you are out doors with their roll up doors open. The entertainment is always a plus!  The service is spectacular and friendly too!
5	Go on a Tuesday you will get bruschetta and wine for $20!! The bruschetta is stupid good!! Huge wine selection and if you dont drink wine they have a full bar. Best neighborhood spot in Arcadia. Oh and it's super sexy too! Perfect for those who are looking for the perfect date spot.Just go you will love it...trust me!
4	Been a few times at various times for various reasons.Food - 4/5Love the bruschetta, sandwiches are good really no complaints, good alcohol selection. Service - 4/5I always receive good service. Valet is always youthful.Atmosphere - 3/5Casual, great place for meeting friends. can be a little too busy for my liking.Price - 3/5Average I can't really complain.Overall - I don't go out of my way to go here, but I certainly recommend it.
5	Like everyone else in phoenix feels that's been to postinos, the Monday Tuesday $20 deal, is unbeatable. Which is exactly why you'll be waiting around for at least an hour on those nights. But when your looking to go on a nice date or double date this place provides the perfect atmosphere, great wine selection and bruschetta your whole table will be raving about all night. I never knew I was such a big fan of Fig until I tried the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpon. You will never find me here without getting one of those. Every soup that I have tried here has been fantastic. This place is a must for every person living in the valley.
5	My sister and I went in for some food because the pictures we found on yelp looked so tasty! I didn't realize it was more of a wine bar until we got there but was definitely happy to be there, I was totally feeling the vibe. It's very cute and trendy, great music, good staff. It's a great place for any occasion really... My sister and I ordered the bruschetta and split a panini and the food was most definitely AMAZING in every sense of the word. The  burst of flavors was exactly what I was looking for and totally hit the spot! If I had not had to be up at the crack of dawn the next morning I would have definitely split a bottle of wine with sis but we didn't have much time and were just wanting a bite to eat. I will be back for that wine though, I think my sis and I found our new favorite neighborhood place! I'm so glad we stopped by, I seriously can't wait to go back again.
5	There's not much more I can say about Postino than hasn't already been said... the food is incredible, the wine list is extensive, the menu is reasonably priced, the ambiance is delightful, and the service rocks!I was there last night and enjoyed the $20 bottle of wine + bruschetta deal after 8 p.m. The portions on the bruschetta deal were surprisingly generous, and amazingly delicious! I went with the mozzarella with tomato and basil, the goat cheese with roasted peppers, the smoked salmon with pesto, and ricotta with dates and pistachios; I loved the first three, but I would not order the date and pistachio bruschetta on my next visit. I also ordered the "pick two" panini and salad/"soup of the moment" combo, with the Brie and prosciutto panini and a healthy serving of tomato soup. The panini was scrumptious! It was perfectly prepared, and tasted amazing ... I wish I had ordered the full sandwich! The soup was just OK - it wasn't bad, but it was nowhere near as exciting for my tastebuds as the panini. I would liken my dining experience at Postino to "If You Give a Mouse a Cookie" -- after I had one phenomenal item, I had to have them all! After polishing off a bold and zesty Syrah from California, I ended up leaving with a bottle of the Reunion Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. Restaurant patrons receive $9 off bottles of wine to-go, so I mean, I wasn't gonna not... (perfectly acceptable use of double negatives).Although it is a trendy spot, Postino has somehow managed to remain friendly and unpretentious - both staff and guests alike. The servers all know their stuff and are more than happy to provide recommendations based on your preferences. Even the least sophisticated palate will feel comfortable dining here on account of the helpful service and charming atmosphere; hence why I hereby award Postino with my first 5/5 star review! Aproveche, my friends!
5	Fig and marscapone bruschetta is to die for. I crave it all the time! Vintage 95 in Chandler has attempted to copy Postino's recipe for success, but it doesn't compare to the service, atmosphere and quality that Postino is known for. Prices are completely fair, wine and beer selection is great. The Mixed Green salad was totally amazing. I drive 30 minutes from Gilbert to get there, and it is worth every minute. I can't wait for the Gilbert location to open! One of the best places in Phoenix, hands down.
5	I have not located a better place to drink wine and enjoy bruschetta anywhere else in the world.  The food and wine selection are fantastic and the staff keep if flowing!!!
5	I've wanted to try this place forever since I'm a big bruschetta fan and I've heard theirs is amazing.  Finally decided to check it out on a Saturday around 3pm. Parking is valet like pretty much all of Arcadia but valet is complimentary during lunch, Nice! We were seated within a few minutes of arriving.  Checked out the wine list and was pleasantly surprised to find that all wines by the glass were $5 until 5 pm. The selection was good and I really enjoyed the 2 I tried. Service was friendly and attentive throughout without being annoying. We ordered a board of bruschetta of course. We chose the Burrata, Bacon, Arugula, & Tomato, Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios, Smoked Salmon with Pesto, and Prosciutto with Figs & Marscarpone. I liked the sweet/savory combo of the Prosciutto one best and my BF said the Burrata, Bacon, Arugula, & Tomato was everything he wanted and more. All were delicious tho! Can't wait to try the others on my next visit!
5	Postino's is just a bike ride away - and the perfect spot for a relaxing coffee, wine, or beer. What can I say that everyone doesn't already know - This place is the BEST!
5	Excellent food, great service, groovy atmosphere. Try the Tuscan Tuna Panini and the Cucumber Honey Lemonade! Love this place, never disappointed!
5	Monday night is reverse happy hour! Starts at 8pm. You get a bottle of wine and choice of 4 bruschetta for $20! The burrata, bacon, arugula and tomatoes  and the warm artichoke spread are to die for! Outstanding! This is definitely a place to go! One thing that was a little annoying was how loud it is in the restaurant, but the great food outweighed the noise.
5	I miss Postino's.  Once upon a time, I worked less than a block from here, and frequently stopped by for lunch or after work for some wine and bruschetta.  To this day, I have never had anything like their bruschetta.  Don't order it as an appetizer; it's definitely a meal.  Large and luscious, sweet and savory, served on a slightly rustic wooden plank, topped with amazing things like apples, soft cheeses, figs, and pistachios.  It's the stuff dreams are made of.  I wish they would hurry up and open the one in Gilbert.  I'm never in Arcadia at the right time anymore.  Also, do not expect to find parking here; you will definitely have to valet.  That's not just a Postino's thing, though, that's an Arcadia thing.
5	I will make this short simple and to the point since there are 400 other reviews! Mondays and Tuesdays after 8:00pm this place is the best deal in town - $20.00 for a bottle of wine and some of the best (and generous portions I might add) bruschetta I've had! Heck even if it's not monday or tuesday this place is amazing!Great location, Great service,Great wine, and Great food = A fabulous time!
5	Postino is possibly my favorite place in the Valley.  The wine list is divine, the apps are delightful, the setting is relaxed but not too casual. The happy hour can't be beat, but it gets packed fast.  The bruschetta is nearing infamy at this point. I've never had a bad experience, and even hosted my sister's bridal shower here once. Love, love, love this place.  The downtown location is newer and super cute, and the food is just as great as the one on Campbell.
5	So as expected I have nothing but good things to say about Postino Arcadia. In fact it would be silly for me to comment since it will be a repeat of what everyone else has already said. So I'll just say its a great place to hang out, drink great wine, eat yummy food and soak up the vibe. Must haves are: bruschetta, salted caramel sundae and the pub board.
5	Like everyone and their mama, we come here for the bruschetta board and honey cucumber lemonade. We love all their different options but our favorite is the tomato jam w/ sheeps milk and the burrata bacon w/arugula and tomato. The tomato jam doesn't sound exciting or unique, but it really is! It's a must! My husband and I got turned on to the tomato jam by our server who recommended it, assuring us that we will not be disappointed. She was right, the first bite was so dangerous because we were hooked immediately! The taste is so addicting and the flavor is amazing! The burrata bacon is also amazing, you can't go wrong with bacon and it is everything you will hope for from a bacon bruschetta and more. We love their happy hour $5 for a pitcher of hoegaarden! However, lately we have been skipping this amazing offer for their honey cucumber lemonade. It is perfect in sweetness, taste, and it is so refreshing!! It makes water incompetent for refreshment and it makes Gatorade look stupid.
5	The Brie and Apple with Fig spread Bruschetta is amazing! Since I don't live in AZ, I orginally heard of this place by Meghan McCain who I follow on twitter and listed this on her blog as one of her favorite Phoenix hang outs for those that are not native to the area.  Although she listed Postino Wine Cafe, I was brought to this location and I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived.  The staff was knowledgeable on their wine selection and provided great service.  The cork on my bottle of Pinot Noir had "Wine Crystals" or Wine Diamonds", nothing I had seen before.  The server was very informative on explaining what it was, turns out I did my own research and the information provided was very accurate.  http://winesworld.com/index.php/wine-crystals/68/  Also, If you are a fan of music, on the Friday night that I was there, they played music by The Whitest Boy Alive, The XX, Phoenix, Hercules & Love Affair and Band of Horses to name a few.  I was tapping my toe as some of these are on my own personal playlist so it instantly gained a few stars for the music alone.   Next, I'm coming back for Sangria Sundays and reggae.  Overall a very unique experience, great ambiance and delicious food. Cheers!
5	Love love love Postinos. It is such a great atmosphere and I'm a huge fan of the rasp chicken salad. Will be back again and again!
5	Postinos is nothing less than F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C. I've only been here twice and as a matter of fact, this is as good as it gets!My first time was a few months back. We ordered a bottle of wine, the bruschetta and some paninis. Everything was great. The service is a little slow but the food/ambience definitely makes up for it. The next time, I took a few friends along for the $20 wine+bruschetta Tuesday and we had a blast. We also noticed that the place is packed on the deal days so get there earlier than 8pm if you don't wanna wait in line.This place is awesome, can't wait to go back!
5	I can see why people are just packing it in here. A great place for visitors and locals.Wonderful atmosphere. Quality wines and great gnoshing dishes. There is a friendly, knowledgeable staff to advise folks about there options. Top notch bruschetta with a great combination of fresh ingredients. Brie and apple, dates with pistachios being my favorites.Make reservations because the beautiful crowd is huge. Best deal ever, happy hour - $5 wine by glass is the best deal before 5pm
5	Great. Just great. All the positive reviews say it all.  Great outdoors, and before 5:00, wonderful wine discounts.
4	Finally, I experienced Postino. I had a day to myself and dropped by for a late lunch. I can't sit in this place without remembering my many visits to this same location back in the 1980's when it was Synthony Music. Yes, at one time this former post office housed a large selection of Oberheim Matrix 12's and OB-X's, Roland Junos, and Yamaha DX7's. Long-haired young guys with slightly nasal voices talked about multi-timbral effects, VCO's and VCA's, attack, sustain, decay. I can still hear the simulated sounds of shakuhatchi flutes playing the first few notes of "Sledgehammer" by Peter Gabriel--loudly enough to rattle windows. I'm sure the equipment that got purchased here played more than a few weddings where white people embarassingly trudged around in some drunken fashion to "Take On Me" or "Celebrate".  Perhaps some of the current patrons were those very same dancers. Like the older guy who complimented me on my fishing vest.But anyway, about the salad. It was good. I opted for the prosciutto as an add to the Italian salad. On the side was a good glass of tempranillo. There was a tang to it. A tang. Yes. A tang which recalled a layered gong effect combining additive and subtractive synthesis--something one might hear from say -- a Korg DW8000--which used sampled waveforms modulated through analog filters. That's exactly what the tempranillo reminded me of.When the waitress brought my check I realized that she looked a bit like Siouxsie Sioux, a few years on and minus the make up. Or perhaps it was Lene Lovitch. Anyway, make time to enjoy a visit to Postino. And while you are sitting there, enjoy the echoes of "Are Friends Electric" by Gary Numan, which I am sure still inhabit the walls in some way.
5	I went to the new Postino in Gilbert this weekend and was so impressed I stopped in the Arcadia location since I was in the neighborhood.Blown away once again...I was actually reluctant bringing my 2 and 4 year old to a hipster wine bar but when we arrived, we were greeted warmly and they were very nice and welcoming to my kids. So I was immediately put at ease.They have an awesome kids menu with food kids will eat but upscale - PB and J bruschetta or grilled cheese, both accompanied with grapes, apple slices and chips AND a cute little bendy toy - nailed it! There was a 3rd option but it escapes me at the moment. I ordered the same thing I had on sunday - white wine blend and bruschetta, soooo good! I crave it.I have to say, the customer service is superb. I actually was able to have a relaxing lunch with a wiggly 2 and 4 year old. Fantastic!
4	I've been a fan of LGO for years and yet had never been to Postino's.  On this trip to Phoenix, my friend J thought it was a must to experience Postino! We arrived around 8pm and thought it best to use the valet.  We were so happy that we were able to get a table.  Postino's is absolutely darling.  Our server recommended an earthy red wine that J took advantage of and loved.  I had the sparkling Sauvignon Blanc (delightful!) and our friend R had Framboise.  This is a wine and beer place, so those hoping for other spirits are out of luck.  For those that love wine... this is an excellent place to spend some quality time.  Fabulous wine selection!  As for the food... we were happy with everything we ordered except one thing, which I will save for the end of my review.  Postino regulars recommend the bruschetta and everyone seems to have a different favorite.  This is a fun food to order because you are able to choose 4 of the selections.  Fun decision to make with so many great selections!  My top two faves were 1. bacon, arugula and tomatoes (loved this combo!) and 2. warm artichoke spread (excellent!).  R + J loved the prosciutto w/figs and mascarpone.  So highlight of our night was the fun and delicious bruschetta!We also shared olives (meh) and the prosciutto panini.  I enjoyed the panini but my dining partners were crazy about it.  The best and worst of the night were our desserts.  We couldn't decide which one to order, so we got two.  One rocked our world and the other was ho-hum.  The Creme Brulee was the BEST Creme Brulee I have tasted.  Beyond words delish!  The Chocolate Bouchon was not noteworthy.  As my friend Beti would say, "It wasn't worth the calories."  I may have mentioned the word "fun" a few times in this review but that is such a perfect description of Postino.  If I lived in Phoenix, you would positively catch me here on a Monday or Tuesday night for their amazing $20 house bottle of wine and bruschetta special.  Oh and the Creme Brulee!
4	I celebrated a friends birthday today at Postino.  It is a really busy place!  We decided that we would order a little of this and a little of that.  So we started with the NYC Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  I like it, it came with three dipping options, pesto, ketchup, and some sort of mustard.  We had several different bruschetta: tomato jam, arugula and bacon, apple and brie and mozzarella and basil.  All really good.  Italian food is not really my thing, but this was pretty good.
4	I was in Phoenix for a weekend getaway and thought I hid a foodie dead end after a few meals. I was not wow'd by much even at places that had good reviews, and disappointed I couldn't find a decent meal. And then I came to Postino! It was bustling on a Sunday morning with nearly all the tables in the restaurant filled. Luckily we were able to snag a table out on the patio. The air was filled with live music and the atmosphere was relaxed and exciting at the same time. Everyone on Yelp mentioned the bruschetta. Definitely get the bruschetta!!! You can choose 4 different types for $13.50. The bread was perfectly soft and all the toppings were excellent. If I had my way, I could eat this all the time. The two of us also shared an Vegetarian panini which was very good but too filling to finish alongside the bruschette. Mimosas are only $5 too. Postino's is worth it!
5	This place is a very chill wine bar. Came here after flying in for work and wanted something that would be light, have a good wine selection, and a nice outdoor patio/bar area. Daily Dose fulfills each of those items. You MUST get the bruchetta plate. My favorite was the smoked salmon, pesto, and capers and the prosciutto and fig. 4 slices of bruschetta for a single person was too much, but you shouldn't hesitate in bringing along friends. I also tried the raspberry chicken salad. Sadly, I was looking for more greens than the chicken pieces. It was still super delicious.I ended with an affogato. You can never go wrong with this choice and Postino didn't disappoint me!
5	I really, really like this place. Several people have mentioned this place to my husband and yesterday we finally gave it a try.....what took so long?! Yesterday we stopped by for lunch. We started with the white bean hummus and warm artichoke appetizer served with flatbread. Umm, so good! For my meal I ordered the veggie sandwich on toasted focaccia bread with a side Meditterean salad. Ummmm, so good! My husband went with the chicken sandwich instead, it was sweet and spicy at the same time. For dessert we split the chocolate bouchon. Ummmmmmmmmmm, so incredibly good. Why did I let my husband have the last bite? Next time I will order my own, it is simply too good to share.This will be the new place I take friends & family when they come to visit.
5	Good Stuff can't beat the happy hour. Definitely sign up for their email prior to going in and you should receive a free bruschetta board email.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants EVER!!  My husband and I came here 2 days before our wedding as our last date as an unmarried couple!  Our go-to meal includes: Bruschetta Board, Brie and Prosciutto Panini, and a Salted Caramel Sundae.  Everything is AMAZING!  It's also not just about the food but about the atmosphere; we love the easy going feel during the day, and the more upscale night crowd!  It's trendy without being pretentious!  We will always be great patrons of this place!
4	Oddly enough I only came to this location after visiting the new Gilbert location. Have to say I think I like the Gilbert locale better and I'm almost a little sick hearing myself say that. Not sure what was up with the rap music on this visit as I am in love with the music at the other locations. Not a great fan of the valet either as they don't seem to know how to dive manual cars or operate emergency  brakes. So, I'm giving this location 4 stars based on the whole concept and the food (and assuming it will be better next time) but in my heart it gets 3 stars.
5	I have 231 reviews so far and none for one of my all time favorite AZ restaurants? I have to rectify that now. If you love wine and bruschetta than this will be your own version of Heaven. Blasphemy? Then you've never been to Postino! Seriously, they have the best bruschetta you're likely to ever have in your entire life. My top four: 1) Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone2) Brie & Apples with Fig Spread3) Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese4) Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & TomatoesAlso worthy of mention are the amazing sandwiches. I highly recommend the Autostrada (Sopresatta, Italian ham, cappicola, mortadella, provolone, arugula and tomatoes with spicy pepper relish) and the Nine Iron (Hickory smoked bacon layered with grilled chicken, fresh burrata mozzarella, lettuce, beefsteak tomato and dijonnaise). Fucking awesome.As you'll read in most of the other reviews, Postino has a great Monday and Tuesday night special, a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board for only $20. But be warned, it'll be jam packed. Keep in mind they have two other locations as well. For you east valley residents there is a new Gilbert loction. If you are in downtown Phoenix or west valley, then the Central Avenue location a couple blocks north of Camelback will be more convenient.With its outstanding food, decor, and ambiance, I'm going to give you a Paul V. guarantee that you will love Postino.
5	Awsome!!!  Tried the prociutto with figs, brie & apples, and the roasted peppers.  All excellent (although my wife couldn't take the wild game taste of the goat cheese).  We also tried some sandwiches and salads......all excellent.  Didn't try their alcohol  but the bartender seemed really cool and knowledgable as we sat at the bar waiting for our table.
5	Now I've been to the Gilbert location, and Arcadia, and I have to say I think I like Gilbert better. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan of Postino...amazing food and alcohol, great happy hour deals, and a unique atmosphere, I just didn't dig the Arcadia spot as much. Parking was kiiind of a pain...not many spots to park in. They have valet parking but when you don't have a bill on you it makes valet diffifult (valet guy was nice polite and friendly). Service inside was spot on as usual. Awesome bruschetta, cheese board, and butcher block. No other issues. Great local wine bar. If you're in the valley and looking for a cool spot, don't leave without checking out a Postino.
3	Good food and wine, especially on a weekday before 5 pm ($5 wine). First, if you're going to call yourself a wine cafe, have a good selection of wine to choose from. I think The Cheesecake Factory has a wine list with more variety. With that being said, I did find a couple of good wines to quaff on a 97 degree day, and the service from the bartender was great.Second, if you're going to attempt to be a quasi-Italian restaurant, play good music. The music wasn't totally offensive, but it certainly didn't match the ambiance.Now for the food. This place clearly prides itself on their bruschetta. Here are the 4 that I chose:Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese Smoked Salmon with PestoRicotta, Dates and PistachiosTraditional with Tomato, Basil and MozzarellaThe bread they use is excellent. Perfect for bruschetta. My favorite was the salmon, and the roasted pepper one was quite delicious. I even enjoyed the dates and pistachio bruschetta, but probably wouldn't order it again.Traditional brushcetta is an appetizer for which I measure any Italian restaurant. The fresh bruschetta here was way too salty, could hardly taste the fresh tomato and basil, which appeared to be fresh and of good quality. Why would you over-salt fresh brushcetta? Major fail, and one of the reasons this place is getting 3 stars instead of 4. I may come here again though, I just know not to order the fresh bruschetta.
5	Great food, service, ambiance, and prices! Had a great time ordering a bunch of the bruschettas, and we just paid $10 a person. Our server was very nice and attentive and easy going. I will definitely return!
5	This place is great!  One of my all time favorites! The decor is so nice, romantic, and relaxing.  I love how the restaurant is open to the outside making it a great place to sit wherever you may be seated! The patio is great with small tables and flowers.  This place is good for a date, happy hour, or just hanging with friends.My favorite food to eat here is the bruschetta.  I highly recommend the bruschetta! My favorites are: Prosciutto with Figs and MascarponeRoasted Peppers with Goat CheeseBurrata, Bacon, and Arugula with tomatoesGoat cheese and jam  Some specials they offer are wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5 before 5pm everyday and Mondays and Tuesdays have specials with bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20, but it will be busy.   You will LOVE this place!!!
5	love love this place. great atmosphere and great food. they have the best bruschetta and has great deals on mon and tue night after 8pm. it gets pretty packed, so may wanna go late.
5	I love Postino. I just wish it was closer. It's a great place to go after work with a few friends for drinks, but then I gotta drive home...  The $20 deal for wine and bruschetta is as good as everyone says. The prosciutto with figs bruschetta is so delicious, the salty flavor of the prosciutto combined with the sweetness of the figs is heavenly. I also love the smoked salmon and pesto combination. If you're a little hungrier and want something to yourself, the paninis are extremely satisfying. My favorite is the Autostrada, it's spicy and savory and a little bit different from any panini I've had anywhere else. The wine selection could be better, but the truth is if you're drinking out and it's not a special occasion, most people are going to want a decent house wine and leave it at that, and Postino's house wines are just fine.
5	This restaurant is worth the wait in case you stumble upon a busy night. The atmosphere is cozy and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the bruschetta.
4	Over the last couple of years I have made several visits to Postino, but never for lunch! My visits have always been at night for a glass of wine and a bruchestta, which is clearly what Postino is known for! This time I enjoyed their delicious Bruschetta over lunch with Gabi M. and Lindsey F. I am amazed at how busy this place always is, but not surprised. The service was friendly and timely and that seems to be the standard any time of day.We started with an order of the bruschetta and we each ordered entree sized salads, which was plenty of food for the 3 of us. The bruschetta is the perfect starter because of the variety and size. I am not sure if they always do this, but they cut each piece into 3 pieces, making it super easy to share and get a taste of each one! We enjoyed the Burrata and Arugula, the Prosciutto Fig & Mascarpone, the Tomato Jam & Sheep's Milk and the Brie & Apple with Fig Spread bruschetta. All of them were heavenly.I went with the Italian Picnic salad and it was divine! )field greens tossed with roasted beets, goat cheese, bacon and walnuts topped with crisped root vegetables in herb vinaigrette). Lindsey F. ordered the Mediterranean and Gabi M. had the mixed greens. Everything was lovely!Postino seems to be a Phoenix classic and it definitely going on my list of Phoenix faves. I look forward to returning to enjoy their patio over a glass of wine from their fabulous selection and a cheese board.
5	Best date night in town.  I LOOOOVE Postino's!!!!
2	I will start off by saying the actual wine and food is decent, but the experience was absolutely horrific.  The food an wine saved this from being a 1 star in my book.Strike 1: We got there, and it was a pretty packed.  I was a little astonished to pay $3 for valet.  I am not opposed to valet, but I like my options of free parking and valet.  Usually, you get your parking validated when you dine in the restaurant.  Strike 2: We had a party of 7, and majority of our party was there.  We have been waiting for 1.5 hours, and the hostess told us that it would look bad to seat us.  We were waiting more than anyone in line!Strike 3: I asked for no cheese on my salad, and I got a buttload of cheese!Strike 4: It felt like it was 90 degrees in there.  With the kind of money their business makes, they can keep the A/C at 80 at least!Strike 5: The tomatoes on the bruschetta tasted kind of frozen or 2-3 days old.I know there are a lot of great reviews, but I had a pretty bad experience.
5	Great food, atmosphere and wine. The red blend is the best wine I've ever had! Great soups and sandwiches and the bruschetta is awesome. Great staff too!
5	I love this place. The embiance is a cross between laid back and classy. Great wine and LOVE their bruchetta!  This is a great place relax and enjoy an evening or an afternoon.
5	Always my 'go to' wine bar to hang with my girls.. :-) AND I am in love with the Sangria Sundays there.. We go early to secure our choice table.. under a mister.. in the patio section of where WE want to be.. looking swag! Gettin our Sangria on.. and our bruschetta.. We know the whole thing by heart.. NOW the last time we were there.. We did send a salad back.. NO question from the cutie serving it. He took it.. and said he was sorry.. brought a little extra bruschetta.. and BAM. NOW looka there.. I kept the 5star on the yelp! Actually, it would be hard for Postino to lose that with me, because I have been coming here since I moved to the PHX and no other wine bar compares. I heart all things Postino.. MY only wish.. Sangrias all week!
5	Great place to dress up a bit and feel more of an urban vibe. Hip but not pretentious. I went to Postino's Monday night around 8pm. We were given a wait time of an hour for a party of four. The place was full but we managed to find a standing table near the bar to wait out our table. We drank a bottle of "Available" per the recommendation of folks next to us (heavenly) and were visited regularly by waitstaff to fill our water. The music was just the right level to support conversation, but kept a hum in the background. When seated our waiter came to the table nearly immediately and submitted drink orders. For food we had two orders of bruschetta which was more than enough. Everything was delicious. Definitely coming back here.
5	I come here every time I am in Pheonix! The atmosphere is great and the so is the food and wine. My all time fave is the bruschetta. I would defiantly recommend the goat cheese bruschetta.
4	I finally visited Postino's after being in AZ for a year...and I'm glad I finally did!  Great drinks and great food!  The bruschettas are to die for...but stay alive so you can come here again and again!Staff is friendly and vibe is really chill...you can come after work with a few friends or bring a larger group to celebrate. The ambiance is superb...the indoor/outdoor seating gives great options depending on the heat!  :-)Run, don't walk to Postinos (depending on how hot it is!)
5	The food here is amazing. I recommend the bruschetta to all first time visitors. You won't be disappointed.
4	One thing I noticed on a recent re-visit: This place is loud--both from ambient noise and the background/foreground music. And the hard surfaces and absence of carpet tend to accentuate the high frequencies. It can get kinda tedious trying to talk over it. Don't let that keep you away.Just another way in which it pays tribute to its roots as Synthony Music all those years ago.
4	Went in tonight to eat dinner at the bar. I had a couple of beers - the beer selection is limited, but respectable. Great considering it's a wine bar! Service was just okay. The bartender was helpful enough, but I had to sort of flag him down when I needed something - he never really checked in with me. Not a dea-lbreaker, but nothing outstanding. I ordered the bruchetta (one each of the apple and brie, prosciutto and fig, burrata and bacon, and warm artichoke). The bruschetta was incredible. I'd go back just to eat it all again. Maybe tomorrow.Parking was open and available when I got there, but it looked like it was exclusively valet starting at about 5pm.
5	Postino. Oh, how you bring love to my heart with your bruschetta boards and interesting atmosphere. Love this place! Here's some tips; everyday before 5pm the glasses of wine are $5.. You may have a tough time finding parking so make it easy on yourself and bring cash to valet. Make sure to stop by the LGO grocery store after you eat at Postino. Now, onto the food at Postino. Pretty much the best thing you can order is the Bruschetta board because its SOOOO AWESOME! As many other Yelpers with great taste have mentioned, a couple of the best bruchettas (although it's tough not to just order 2 boards and get them all- except the artichoke, that one should be avoided). Highly Recommended (I don't have the exact names down, but here's the main); the salami one, the one with fig, apples and brie (****BEST*****), the roasted red pepper and mozz/basil/tomato. The first time you go, you may just have to order 2 boards if your party is big enough, because they are all so good, except for the artichoke one- that one is NOT good. The wait staff does a great job, and I love everything about Postino! After writing this review I need go, like this weekend... Like now, wait, "Can we go to Postino for lunch?"
5	I had my 40th bday here, best brushetta and wine!
4	We went back three Sundays in a row just so I could try more of that wonderful bruschetta. That's not overboard is it? Yanno when you eat something so good you want it again and again until you can get it out of your head? That was me with this bruschetta. The white sangria was the perfect addition. All enjoyed on their magical patio that's not too hot even at 100+ degrees. *sigh* ... ok, someone tell me four weeks in a row is not stalker levels? Can you stalk a restaurant?
4	I may not be the hugest fan of La Grande Orange, but there's one spot in that little Arcadia hub that is always worth going to-Postino. Postino has got to be one of the busiest places in town on Monday and Tuesday nights because of their killer $20-for-a-bottle-of-wine-and-bruschetta deal from 8-11 p.m. They're busy every other night, too, simply because they're one of the hippest places around-a hot staff, a huge wine selection, a pretty patio, wonderful food and pretty ambiance. There's also a location in central Phoenix, which offers up all of the same.When I went there for dinner, I had one of my favortie paninis, the Nine Iron ($9.50), which came with a small side salad and was topped with tomato, mustard and mozzarella. It's very filling and tastes super-fresh, and the regular one comes with chicken and bacon, too.My pal got the Italian Picnic salad ($8.50) and Tomato Jam and Sheep's Milk bruschetta ($12.75). This was the first time I tried that type of bruschetta (my favorites are the White Bean with Chopped Tomato and Warm Artichoke Spread), and I thought it was amazing-really sweet, and it could even work for dessert.
5	I think it's pretty evident from all the rave reviews that this place is really good so I'll keep it brief.  I'd heard about this place forever and the bottle of win and bruschetta deal but I hadn't actually been until Monday night with a friend from work.  I was really excited once I saw all the differenct varieties of bruschetta we could choose from.  We ended up getting the Apple/Brie, Burratta/Bacon/Arugula, Salmon/Pesto and the Peppers/Goat Cheese.  All of them were delicious and I can't wait to go back again and try the rest!
5	I didn't think I could love anyplace as much as Postino Central... but I stand corrected.  After finally making it to the Arcadia location, I must say that I loved it equally, but differently.  Arcadia seemed a little more comfortable with a relaxed vibe.   The perfect spot to have a casual chat and some noshes, without having to get all done up or break the bank.  My favorites are still: bruschetta board (especially prosciutto with fig & mascarpone), mixed greens salad, and the salted caramel sundae - all are perfect for sharing!the parking situation is a bit of a nightmare.  The valet is free, but only if you are going to LGO... So as a Postino's patron, you will need to pay $3 for this service.  you might be better off in the free parking across the street near the Arcadia Room.TIP - Be sure to sign up for their email list for birthday & anniversary specials!
5	I was visiting a friend for the weekend and didn't have much time and wanted to go to my favorite places that I've already tried and liked.  She suggested we try Postinos but I whined because it meant we would miss one of the other places I'd been thinking about for months.  I'm so lucky she pushed the issue and took me here!  I don't even remember those other places and want to visit her again so we can eat at Postios!We were there before 5 and did the $5 wine special and a bunch of the bruchettas plus a salad.  All of it was delish.  I didn't want to share!  I will say the food combos were fantastic but simple enough to try at home.  I grabbed a take-out menu and brought it back to Los Angeles and have been making my own bruchettas that taste pretty close.  My whole family raves about them.
5	Postino Arcadia became a weekly event with friends on Monday nights.  We went for the $20 board of bruschetta and bottle deal. Because it's such a great deal, there was always a long wait.  But no worry, because wandering through the store at LGO is a perfect way to kill some time.The bruschetta and bottle is usually enough for two, but we like to add in the Butcher's Block which is a selection of meats, cheeses, olives, and asparagus.  I love Postino for providing a great place to be with friends, wine, and great food, at an excellent price on a Monday or Tuesday night.  I think it starts the week off right.
5	If there was ever a restaurant deserving 5 stars, this is it.We met some friends here on our last night in Arizona and it made a great book-end for the trip. We went on Monday, when they have a $20 deal for a bottle of wine and a plate of bruschetta. The wine that they serve is their "house" wine, but it knocks the socks off of your typical house wine. The Bruschetta makes a great meal by itself if you want. There are 11 choices (various toppings) and you can have up to four different ones per plate (really a long-handled cutting board, which makes for a nice presentation). The Bruschetta is carefully sliced into smaller pieces so that several people can try each kind. Be prepared to eat and drink a lot; it is such a deal that you will have a hard time saying "no."I mostly stuck to the beer that was on draft. There were only two choices, both very good. The draft beer was fresh and refreshing, plus at $7.50 for a small pitcher anytime it was quite a deal. If you come for the earlier happy hour it is $5/pitcher or $5 for a glass of wine, so you can't go wrong. It makes sense to have a small draft beer selection since they are a wine bar and it helps them move through the kegs quickly. I ordered the prosciutto with brie panini, which I had no trouble sharing with my friends. You get the choice of ciabatta or focaccia bread and fresh-made chips or salad- the chips and ciabatta bread were great. Our server helped me pick the ciabatta bread, which she accurately described as the "thinner, crispier" one for my panini.The service here is amazing. Our servers were very patient and helpful. The busser would give any Indian restaurant a run for their money with his diligent water-refilling, plus he was thoughtful enough to get our server's attention if we needed anything else. Everyone was dressed nicely and very friendly. At one point a piece of bruschetta fell onto the table or the floor. Without even mentioning it, out server brought over a replacement. She must have noticed from somewhere else in the restaurant and wanted to help.The restaurant had a very appealing atmosphere. Lights were dim, but not dark. The colors on the walls made it feel vibrant. Chairs and tables were comfortable, well-maintained, and fit in with the style of the restaurant. It might have been louder if we sat inside, but we were on the patio. Outside we sat in the shade (we arrived when it was still daylight) and the water misters helped keep us cool. The bathrooms are in the back corner, opposite of the front door. You might have to ask a server to point out where to go, but they are glad to help. The fact that the bathrooms simply say "Both" could be an interesting conversation point if you have to wait in line.The parking is valet, but you shouldn't be driving anyway. Take a cab if you can help it, or bring a designated driver. The experience is so nice that you won't want to leave, unless maybe you make a friend to bring with you.
4	Go to Postinos on Monday and Tuesdays.  $20 for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine.  You can even cork your wine and take home what you're not able to drink.  The special starts at 8pm and gets packed but it is so worth the wait.  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  The entire staff is absolutely wonderful and friendly.  They make every visit extremely enjoyable.
5	Great location in Arcadia. Huge windows let in great lighting. Flowers all around the restaurant. Superb wine selection and amazing Bruschetta.
2	We decided to visit this place while in the area based on all of the strong reviews from our fellow Yelpers.  We went on a Sunday afternoon (right around 12pm) and had no issues with parking.  We scored a spot in front of the restaurant just as someone else was leaving.The place was fairly busy and our party of two was immediately seated at a low table in the front (right by the acoustic musician).  Postino was well decorated and has a ton of seating options.  We wanted to fall in love with this place but just ended up liking it slightly. We ordered the butchers block and the bruschetta plus cucumber lemonade and iced tea.While everything was okay, I wasn't knocked out of my socks.  My favorite part ended up being the butchers block rather than the bruschetta.  I think the issue that they have is that it is not crispy enough.  The bread was under-toasted and it made for a very chewy experience.  We ordered the Salmon pesto (the smoke flavor is weak and the pesto is strong so it misses there), Burratta, bacon, arugula and tomato (while our waitress claimed this to be her favorite, we were underwhelmed here too.  The bulk of the flavor came from the bacon and the arugula), tomato, basil and mozzarella (my favorite combo done wrong!  There was NO flavor to this and they should have at least provided an olive oil or balsamic drizzle to give it some pop.  The tomatoes weren't fully ripe either and were at the pink stage so they hadn't developed their true tenderness) and Prosciutto, fig and marscapone (by far our favorite since the flavor profile gave us a little bit of sweat, savory and salty).All-in-all the place wasn't bad.  Based on the reviews though I just expected a wee bit more from my experience here.  I liked that they have live entertainment on the weekend although it makes it hard to hear when you are seated to close.I saw some folks sitting outside although I am not sure of how they survived in 110 degree weather.  On cooler nights though, I can see that being a nice place to hang.Oh, I also didn't appreciate having to battle flies for my food.  They kept the door open which meant every critter wanted to beat the eat and join the tables. Not sure about returning as I've had this food concept before except with better execution.
4	Went there today to catch up with an old friend. Had the bruschetta, you have numerous flavors to pick from. One of the ones we had was a combination of green apples and brie...it was so good! I had a side salad to go with it, a Mediterranean salad with a creamy, cool dressing. I also had a beer, can't quite remember the full name, just remember it said Twilight Ale. One of the best beers I've ever had, smooth, not too heavy, not bitter, perfect for a hot 114 degree summer day. Can't wait to go back!Would give it five stars, but parking there is very limited and you are almost forced to valet.
4	Love it!  It was pretty far away from my home in Glendale, but I think it was worth the trip.  We had girls night here a couple weeks ago.  We had a cute waiter, who helped us with our wine choices.  We ordered 4 different types of bruschetta and they were divine!  Will defiantly come back even though it was a little pricey It still wasn't that bad considering the quality.
5	The mailman delivers!  What a cool place that at one time was an old post office. Great and I mean great bruschetta. A staff that really knows their wine and points you in the right direction.  A really cool and hip crowd, with the exception of me of course!  An unbelievable playlist. Definitely a place where you can hang for hours.
5	I really enjoy this place! From the eclectic beer and wine list to the amazing staff and good tunes, this place is great. The staff is super friendly and always on top of it. I operate a restaurant and looking at this place I love so many things about it. If you have not been this is the one to go to. Central is also good, but not quite as good as this one and Windsor if you are in search of the cocktails! Always a pleasant experience and simple, but delicious food..  The Italian picnic salad is one of my favorites!Thanks Postino and thanks for hiring good people.
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants. Bruschetta is amazing!
4	Monday and Tuesday night after 8pm, you can get any bottle of wine and a whole board of bruschetta for $20. It's a steal, and a delicious one at that.
5	Probably my favorite "indulge" spot after a long week to grab a glass of wine or a cold beer and a huge bruschetta plate. The greeter is always the same guy, button down shirt, hat of some kind, a witty remark at how often I eat at Postinos, and last time we ate there he actually sat down and cracked us up after our appetizers. My favorite bruschetta is the goat cheese and red peppers or the tomato jam and sheep's milk, though the warm artichoke and the salami with pesto are always close seconds. Sangria Sundays are the absolute best, with a great staff, everyone is always in a fabulous mood- and the Sangria is to die for. I take everyone who hasn't been to Postinos there, given the chance. The only rough part is the parking- that's usually the case in Arcadia, but I found a secret spot recently, I won't disclose here so no one takes it. LOVE Postino's food, service, and atmosphere.
5	Heck yes! This place is amaze-balls USA population wine :)I love going to this joint! Monday and Tuesday night specials with a board of bruschetta and bottle of wine... who could ask for more?!
5	Tomato jam bruschetta.  That's all you need to know.
4	To die for bruschetta.... savory and sweet, like you're having appetizer/entree with dessert. I love tomato jam & sheep cheese, ricotta with dates and pistachios, prosciutto with figs and mascarpone and smoked salmon. I just wanna try them all next time.
5	I love this place!  It's on my short list of places to make sure to take visitors.  I always get the bruschetta and there are so many different options to choose from it never gets old.  One of favorites in the valley.
5	I was a bit skeptical of Postino because I had heard so many great things about it and didn't really understand how bruschetta could be that great, but now I'm a believer. It's the whole package of the location, the vibe, the constant crowd, and of course - the amazing food! I ordered a board of bruschetta, planning to split it with my friend, but then remembered she is unable to have gluten! It was so delicious that I finished the whole board by myself! I just couldn't say no to the brie, apple & fig, or red peppers & goat cheese, or prosciutto, fig & marscapone, or the burrata, bacon, arugula, & tomatoes. My fave of these four was the brie, apple & fig. Deeee-lish!
4	I LOVE Postino! Best bruschetta ever, and their chicken salad is amazing! I don't think I've ever had anything here I didn't like. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and a great atmosphere for a variety of occasions!
4	It can be loud, it can be busy, the parking always sucks, (valet typically required)...but i am never disappointed.  Food quality is excellent every time.  Bruschetta of any variety is to die for. I love that they serve a little dish of giant green olives in kosher salt with your wine.  Kinda like chips and salsa for the Highbrow.
5	Loved this place! Amazing food and wine! Service was great! Beautiful experience.
5	Love love love this place!  If I could go every Sunday drink wine, eat a bruchetta board and listen to music I would.  Mixed diverse crowd and great service! win win!
5	Pretty awesome service! Excellent food and great music!
2	crap. Most everything they do is typical Phoenix borefest shit. They are a wannabe establishment brining in folks who I would rather not spend my time next to. Look at my Postino Central review, same shit different spot. Blah. If there is somewhere else to go, go! This place is full pretentious  douchebags. It's hard to get away from in PHX but I think this is the HQ. Food is mediocre. Service is barely mediocre, servers are snots like the rest of the crowd and I can't ever hear what anyone is saying cause its so fucking loud and obnoxious in there. I have been to much better places in phoenix compared to this freakin joint.
4	Bonjour amigos!This here Italian place is THE best Italian place I've tried in Phoenix! In fact, it's the ONLY place I've tried! The staff is friendly. We sat at the bar with a stranger and had a memorably delightful time. The food isn't the most filling, but it is DELICIOUS. Everytime I think of Postinos Arcade, I'll always remember the fun conversation we had with that stranger, and the good food.PROTIP: We went there on a Saturday and if you want to park you need to valet, which is a whole $3. Do you know what I could do with $3? I could buy bubblegum, get 64% off a DVD at the Walmart $5 bin, and I can even buy a used book! Outrageous!The only problems was there is no post office to drop off your mail, nor is there an arcade. I think that's false advertising.Aree Va Dare Chee!
4	Ive been to the postino's off central once before, and recently discovered this one a couple weeks ago. Really friendly service, and they sold me some beer at a stupid cheap price for me to take home!! Ima Fan.
5	Great food, great wine, awesome happy hour... what more could you want?!?!
5	Always great service, lovely ambience, great wine selection, and appies that can't be beat. The bruschetta is delicious, the meat platter is divine, and the cheese plate delights my palate. Our party of 10 had a very enjoyable evening here with extremely attentive service. I can't ever say 'no' to Postino's. Ever!
5	I'm on a huge Postino kick lately and had another awesome dinner there last night with five girlfriends.  Since my last review of this place was in 2008, I figured it was time for an update, but honestly, not too much has changed since then - I'm a very loyal customer and have been for years!My favorite menu items are still the same too:The artichoke dip (which actually comes with hummus too but I always special request double artichoke instead because I love it so much), the mixed green salad with added turkey, chicken, or prosciutto, and the bruschetta board... My top two bruschetta faves are Brie & Apple with Fig Spread and Prosciutto, Fig & Mascarpone. Mmmmm!I'm not currently drinking (I'm prego again), but of course this is the perfect place to go for a glass of wine or four as well!  Service is always fabulous and the atmosphere rocks too.  So in my eyes, this place deserves five stars... even almost five years from my original review!Of course, it is worth noting that it's not only a favorite of mine, there are plenty of others that love it too... so, sometimes you may have to wait a bit.  If you've got a large party (eight or more), I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time.
5	My favorite place for a date and conversation. The decor is unique since it was a restored post office. Lots of lounge and table type seating.Try the bruschetta board! I always order the sweet tomato jam and sheep's milk, ricotta and dates, apples and brie, and salmon/pesto. Consistently great food & drinks. Service has more spunk and personality at this Postino location too. Try the cucumber lemonade if you don't like wine or just plain water. If you order wine and it isn't happy hour, you can easily spend more than $30 on yourself. However, I think it is worth it, and I always leave full and happy. Thanks Postino!
5	This place is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. If you haven't been to Postino's, you are missing out! They have awesome happy hour specials - $5 for the equivalent of 2 glasses of wine (if that's your poison) or a mini pitcher of beer which comes out to about 2 1/2 glasses of beer. That little for booze?! Sign me up!!! Mondays (I think it's Monday...) all bottles of wine are half off! They feature a lot of local wines and hard to find wines. This is the place where I first fell in love with Moscato. I can't say enough about their Moscato except that it is delicious!Their bruschettas are very tasty and hands down the best I've ever had. They get creative with their toppings and there's something to please palettes of all kinds. If I had to narrow down my top 4 favorites, I would choose: the apple, brie, and honey; fig, marscapone, and pistachio; the mozzarella, basil, and tomato; and finally the prosciutto and fig.Downside - parking can be tough since this place is usually hopping. But they offer valet at a staggering price of $3. That's right - 3 bucks. Not too bad to have someone park your car 20 feet away. Also, the service can lag at times depending on how busy they are. But obviously those 2 things did very little to sway my 5 star review.
4	I have only been here one time but it was a great experience. THe bruschetta is delicious and the wine was great. I really like the bruschetta and wine for $20 deal. You get more than what you pay for. The servers are very knowledgeable and the atmoshpere is calming.
5	If you have never been before, get the bruschetta.  Sample five different versions.  It's all good!
5	Noone does bruschetta like postino.  Figs, goat cheese, brie, salmon, capers... just some of the ingredients you might find on their bruschetta.  And, you can mix and match.The 5 dollar glasses of wine for happy hour are great.  The ambience in all of the restaurants owned by this group are amazing.  Its similar to Windsor, but with different food.  It's the kind of place you have a great time hanging out on because the clean/modern/hip atmosphere rubs off on you!Highly recommended
5	Brie and Apple with Fig bruschetta....I dont need to say anything else!!!!  (except $5 glasses of wine til 5 all week and $5 mimosas til 5 on the weekends)  Best place to spend a Sunday afternoon
5	Love everything about this place: The food, the atmosphere, the people watching! The happy hour is good too!
5	Great environment, good wine selection, the butchers block is very tasty, and my all time fav here, the prosciutto bruschetta with figs & mascarpone. One of the best prosciutto bruschetta's i've ever had.
5	My fiance loves this place.  I therefore love it as well, since the majority of my reason for choosing an establishment is to make my fiance happy. anyway, the place is trendy and fun and I would recommend it as a great place for a first date.
5	Excellent food and friendly service.  Excellent value and great atmosphere.
4	The main advice I would give anyone interested in dining at Postino Arcadia would be: "Prepare to Fight."  Prepare to fight for a parking space and prepare to fight for the bruschetta which is to die for.  My favorites would have to be the Smoked Salmon and Pesto, Apple and Brie, Prosciutto and Fig and Warm Artichoke.  Plus, you cannot beat a bottle of vino and 4 types of bruschetta for $20 every Monday and Tuesday after 8pm!I am also a huge fan of their Pretzel Pub Board and NYC Grilled Cheese that is companied by a Sierra Nevada Mustard, Pesto and Ketchup dipping sauces, washed down with a cold Stella Artois Lager Belgium.  These menu items have sparked inspiration for me to make similar dishes in my own kitchen more than a time or two.  So grab some good company, a bottle of vino paired with bruschetta and prepare for a relaxing-enjoyable night out.Don't forget the Affogato (vanilla bean ice cream topped with espresso) to give ya a jolt for your car ride home.
5	This place is amazing.  Best bruschetta in town, i had the chicken and mozz it was awesome.  on the bruschetta i recomend prosciutto brie and figs, artichoke, and the tomato and fresh mozz but you really cant miss no matter what you get.  i can not get emough of this place
4	My husband and I stumbled into (and out of ) this gem. The food was amazing and who can resist $5 wine and pitchers. Woot!Highly recommended!
5	One of my favorite spots for any time , any day of the week ! Everything here is yummy and delicious ! The staff is always awesome ! If I could give this place more stars - I would ! :)
5	I sat at the bar. Ordered the sangria (very good), and the bruschetta. Live music on Sundays for lunch is amazing. The roasted peppers with goat cheese bruschetta, and the apples, brie, and fig spead AMAZING. It was a perfect brunch.
3	Bummer that I have to give this location three stars. My girlfriends and I came here last night, and it was my first time checking out this particular location. I went to Central last week, loved it, and thought I'd be in love with this spot too. Nope.Definite five stars for the food - the best bruschetta I've ever had and a bottle of wine for $20? You can never beat that.Three stars for the service. They were slammed, and I understand that. However, the waitress wasn't friendly. My girlfriend was trying to place her order and the waitress blatantly ignored her to talk to a guy at another table. We didn't even have silverware or napkins at our table and she didn't bring any when we asked her.One star for valet. Central location offers complimentary valet and Arcadia charges three dollars. That's fine, but I didn't have cash on me and asked the guy to return my car so I can park it myself. He STILL charged me and said something along the lines of, "The owner makes us charge everyone - liability reasons." Uh, what? My car wasn't even in your lot for more than 30 seconds! Anyway, tacky.Central location has my vote and my five stars.
5	Excellent bruschetta, we ordered a 2nd set! The place was packed, but we got a table pretty quickly.  The staff was extremely helpful and knew their wine and offered great recommendations.  We were all traveling for business, I can't wait to be back in the area to go again!
5	I love this place and finally was able to sucker my picky husband into going. He loves bruschetta, but I'm pretty sure this topped the cake for him.They have had a win with me from the very first time and easily won my husband over. Service is always good. Food is always great. Hipster vibe is pretty legit. :)
5	i was impressed.  very much not phoenixish and very nice break from corporate. very unique, very good food, classy.
5	I've seen fellow Yelpers mention how much they love Postino's, and I finally got there! Friends and I met here for wine and light bites before heading to the Zoo Lights. Parking is a pain (I'll park my own car, thankyouverymuch) but after that it was all good. It was a chilly Phoenix night, but the open wall seems to somehow work well -- the outside seating melds nicely into the inside. If the forecast calls for cool temps, I recommend that you bring a light jacket.All of the staff I encountered were great. The first chick recommended a fabulous red which I enjoyed immensely. When my friends arrived, we had the Pub Board and a couple of Bruschetta boards -- fantastic!!  We had fig and apple, warm artichoke spread, smoked salmon and capers, roasted peppers and goat cheese...just delicious. The pretzels and spicy mustard were the best I've ever had, anywhere. The atmosphere and ambiance are close to perfect. I'll definitely bring friends here!
3	Favorite spot for tasty Bruchetta!!
5	Bruschetta boards are great. Fun place!
5	I lived within walking distance of Postino for 5 years - and it is still one of my favorite Arcadia neighborhood spots.  The wine list is always changing and is really well picked.  Their bruschetta boards are fantastic - I especially recommend the pistachio/date or the Prosciutto/fig.  Their salted caramel desert sunday is totally worth leaving room for!  This is a great place for a get together with friends or an intimate date night.  The service is always great and everyone who works there really knows their wine - so you can get advice from your server on which wines will meet your tastes each month when the new list comes out.  Brent's Picks are always a safe way to choose your wine also!  Love Love Love Postino!
5	Just go.  Get the bruschetta.  Get a $5 glass of wine.  Get another.  Get another.  Get another.  Call a taxi.  Come back tomorrow.  Repeat as needed.
5	Came here with some girlfriends for an afternoon bite/happy hour. I'm from Minnesota. Happy hour seven days a week is unheard of. What a deal. Especially with $5 glasses of wine! Any single one on the menu. The bruschetta is amazing--recommend the apples and goat cheese. De-lish!Service could be toned down somewhat; very helpful but maybe a little TOO helpful.
4	Great happy-hour, try to slam 6 mini-pitchers in an hour!
4	This is a nice little gem that sure has not gone unnoticed. When I came (no reservations) I had about a 20 minute wait for a table of two - which I didn't mind and took this time to order from the bar. The bartender was friendly and quick. With a drink in hand, it was a pleasure to check out the wines and the milieu of this place of business. It's quite nice, it is however not very big and it can get quite loud in here. Not too loud for a simple conversation, but loud enough for me to take notice.Once seated the service was great. Our server was a knowledgeable and energetic gentleman that gladly helped out in any decision making regarding the menu. I tried their beer selection as well as had a cheese tray. Note: For being a wine place, they sure do take pride in their beer selection - however I must say that I was not impressed by their cheese. They seem to take pride in their cheese diversity, but I was simply not impressed.The service was great, the ambiance was relaxing, and the patrons were nice.. I truly enjoyed my visit and will be returning to this establishment. It wasn't expensive, but it isn't cheap nor should it be. (But they have unbelievable early weekdays specials) I give this place a 4, it has 5 potential - but then they have to step up the food a notch, and by food I mean cheese.
5	Great job Yelp and Yelp reviewers. We only selected this restaurant because of the good reviews. We were expecting a traditional Italian restaurant but it turned out to be much more fun. We ordered the pasta fagIoli soup and shared four bruschettas and a couple of glasses very good wine. Great music too!
2	Another one of those Camelback places where they basically force you to valet park or head a few blocks away and take your chances in the residential neighborhoods, which is of course what I chose. Valet parking ain't for me anywhere. Try building a parking lot Phoenix before you cram your little fancy wine bars, etc into the area. If you don't like the snobby crowd than steer clear of Postino. Luckily, I arrived before 5pm and squeezed out one glass of $5 wine. If your late, prepare for the $12 wine glass fee ripoff rate. Seems to be a place where all they serve is Brushetta at crazy prices again. It's 14 bucks for 4 pieces of toast with various stuff on them. Personally, brushetta will always just be olive oil, tomatoes and basil on grilled toast. Never tried the food because they have no Happy Hour food deals. Wine bar brings out the gay crowd too, not that there is anything wrong with that, but I will stick to sports bars in the future.    Oh there are no TV sets at all. Had to mention that. NO TV's. NO sports.
5	I cannot even begin to say enough great things about Postinos! Great food (try the artichoke bruchetta...yummy) , great service, great prices, and a wonderful atmosphere! If you haven't been there, you are missing out!
5	I've been coming here for years and I'm happy to report that it's still as great as ever. I met a couple of my girlfriends here after work last week. We stayed for hours at our little patio table and the wait staff was attentive, friendly and helpful the entire time. The wine was nice and the portions are generous. The bruschetta is beyond belief good. It's really just a proven nice place to spend some time with people over good food and wine. It will always be one of my go-to places.
5	REVIEW IS FOR DESSERT, DECOR AND SERVICE ONLYMy friend, Peter, that I manage a restaurant with in San Diego, suggested that I stop here. He used to work at the joint and said that it is amazing. When my friend and I arrived at the door the hostess said that it would be an hour and fifteen minutes for a table, on a TUESDAY! WOW! That says a lot about this place. Instead of waiting we just grabbed a side table in the lounge and had the most Amazeballz Salted Caramel Sundae!Our server was prompt with waters and our order. I went to the bar to meet Josh, the bartender. I told him that I was friends with Peter and he said that he was expecting me to come in. He said that this was a slow night! HA! Josh seemed like a really nice guy and a fun person to have serve you. I love the open concept, eclectic mix of music, hip scene and beautiful crowd.  I'm telling you what, if I ever moved to Phoenix I'd love to work at this place! As an experienced industry person, I could tell that this place has it's shit together. :-)
5	How do you add Yelp value to a business that has already been reviewed 579 times? What else can I say that has not been said before? Probably nothing, but I don't write Yelp reviews for you, I write them for me. And I love it.So, lets face it, you're not scrolling through 578 reviews to find mine, and really, i'm not terribly offended by it. Let me do you (and me) a favor and break it down very simply and give you the hard.cold.facts:The best day to go: Monday nightWhy?: $20 for any bottle of wine and a bruschetta board (4 different types) starting 8pmStrategy: go there 10-20mins before and scout out for a table. Expect an extremely long wait if you get there after 8pmWhat to order (in order of tasty): [Bruschetta] Tomato jam and goat cheese, fig and prosciutto, Apple and brie, pesto and salami, pistachio and date, caprese (lacks balsamic vinegar and olive oil). [Other] Olives.Don't bother getting: white bean hummus is pretty insipid and the artichoke dip doesn't add much to your meal, nor is on discount during their Monday specials.Best group number: 2-4 is pretty perfect. Anything more will be hard to accommodate as the space is pretty small.Overall impression: ridiculously good deal on Monday to share with 4-5 people, paying only $8-10 to get sufficiently tipsy and full. Location is classy, service is pretty decent but be aware that the parking situation sucks as the lot in front of it will tow you for parking there.
5	Love this place!!! Great food, drinks and people!!
4	Never been disappointed by their food. Acoustics are bad, so it's hard to hear, but SOOOOOO yummy!
5	So many people have had amazing experiences here. Whether its the service you get , the food quality, the ambiance or the amazing deals... its all been said. But hell, I will say it all again..~Fud/Drink~I have had bruschetta many times, at many places. They do bruschetta the RIGHT WAY. They give you so many different options to choose from, and each one tastes as good as the next. I am a salmon fan, so their salmon bruschetta was exquisite in my eyes. They have so many amazing wines to offer you as well, so many its almost impossible to not find the right fit for your meal. I have yet to try other main entrees on the menu, but do not worry I will. Just remember, you can taste the quality. They take good care of their product and make sure the kitchen pumps out quality dishes.~Atmosphere/Service~The Servers really know their stuff. They understand why you're their and they seem to really rock to the vibe of the place. Hipsters love it, I love it, and the servers are awesome at what they do. The suggestions they provide prove to really help make the night a better one. The atmosphere is great, a real hipster vibe for sure. I enjoy a relaxed calm spot personally, especially after a long day at work, and  they nail it. Its just quiet enough to sit down and relax with someone special, yet loud enough that no one can hear your conversation.~Extras/Rating~Regarding the $20 Bruschetta/Wine deal: GET-THERE-EARLY. Or else you might find yourself waiting for an hour to get served. I do not fault them for having to put you on a long wait-list, especially because its such an amazing deal and so popular just suck it up and get there earlier or 30 minutes earlier than what you would normally want. Their $20 Bruschetta/Wine pairing is the best happy hour item I have ever seen. No lie. That alone puts them in the upper echelon for date night go-to's and perfect chill happy hour locations in the valley here.  No one can lay claim to such a unique and perfect option, despite the fact that numerous other bars have attempted. They may try, but the quality of food and vast selection of wines, paired with the ambiance they provide, blows all competitors out of the water. The only thing I hate about this place, is that I didn't think of it first.. :) 5 stars because they deserve it, enough said.
5	A wonderful place for lunch or a casual romantic dinner!  The salads and bruschetta trays are our favorites and the wine list is fabulous!
5	Love this place! a favorite for a leisurely afternoon lunch!
5	I go here every so often on Sundays for sangria with my girls. It's a nice escape and a prime location for shopping. Bruschetta is a must, I also really enjoy their tuna sandwich. The reggae on Sunday happens to be great, and yes, the dude who plays with dreads down to the floor? Those are real.
5	Can't say anything that's not already been said, just reiterate it.  Fab bruscetta!  Can't go wrong with any of those selections. I've been in the evening when it's super crowded, but my favorite time of day is lunch especially when it's a beautiful day and the garage doors are open, you can't beat this place for ambiance!
3	Lunch was excellent but the music was too loud!  We requested three times the volume be reduced but it was not.  I will never suggest the Postino for a group that wants to visit.
2	Such a happening place with so little service.  Lots of neighborhood restaurants pour your bottle of wine for the table and refresh glasses. Similar establishments, with great ambience, also ask if you would would like another bottle. This Postino's service does not and their bottles aren't cheap. Granted, plenty of servers milling around.  Bored support clean off tables but forget to wipe off chairs and at least one appears literally stoned.I guess the real question is why the server recorks the bottle with a temporary cork after the first and only service pour. Doesn't the Red wish to breath?There were a few service highlights: tastes of the wines freely offered and a quick response for heat for any desert rats (hey! It's 60 degrees, brr.)Butcher block is always a highlight and I won't give up on this fun place just yet. It simply needs some good floor management.
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.The bruschetta is amazing! The wait staff is uber-knowledgable about the wine and beer and it is a fun, hip, laid-back environment.Even with 10 people for a bachelorette party, we didn't feel rushed, forgotten or neglected, and the waitresses were super nice! I'll definitely be back to Postino Arcadia!
4	I love Postino's! Great food and wine. The only downside is that it is on the smaller side and cannot always accomodate large groups.
5	Can't believe I am saying this...but I wish we had a place like this in Sac! I visited Postino's last week during my visit to Phoenix. Didn't know exactly what to expect but I walked away knowing i would miss it.  My friend and I ordered the sparkling Rose wine along with an order of their Brushchetta.  Oh delicious!The way their bruschetta menu works, is you choose 4 toppings for $12.75. It is served on full, thick slices of delightfully soft, perfectly crusted Italian bread.  My favorite was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone (favorite).  Although I also ordered the mozzarella and basil....I didn't care for it as it sat next to the first variety. :) Yummo!The best part is...on Monday and Tuesdays, there's a special! Our total would have been about 45 bucks (bottle of wine roughly $25 and Brushchetta $12.75), we walked away paying a little over $20!  Can't wait to come back to Phoenix for this little haven. :)If you are a local patron, stop by.  You won't regret it. :)
4	Perfect date spot. Cute wine bar with tasty menu, good wine list and delightful ambiance. Enclosed alfresco patio out front is fantastic.Bruschetta is  tasty and ranges from light to heavy, something for everyone. Would order all the below again:Smoked salmon / pesto - salmon was fresh and delicious. Just a smidge of pesto, not smearedBrie & apple w/fig spread - simple but refreshing. Thinly sliced Granny Smith on brie. Fig spread is jammy and adds the perfect depth.Burrata, bacon, arugula, tomatoes - the burrata was outstanding. would've preferred this w/o the bacon, which somewhat overpowered this bruschettaProsciutto, figs, mascarpone - brilliant combinationThe Pub Board is a great concept and cleverly presented - sliced soft pretzels, cornichons, aged cheddar (delish), giant corn nuts (so fun!) - just lacking stone ground mustard for the pretzels! Maybe they could add this...Loved our server - pleasant and professional.
5	Amazing bruschetta--I recommend the one with figs--and fairly priced. Good beer selection and tasty bellinis. Their meat and cheese appetizer is pricy, but so good. Cheese and cornuts! Amazing! Very accommodating on the night of my birthday, including a free dessert. I love the atmosphere and attention to detail. Even their name is stamped on their TP. That's pretty cool.I've only ever been for dinner and would definitely like to try their brunch.
5	Great place!!
4	I enjoyed the intimate atmosphere, dim lighting, and yummy bruschetta. It was a perfect spot for my birthday dinner last year, cool & romantic.
5	What more do you need to say about this place other than perfect 5 stars. They are consistent, fun and awesome. I love all of their food but my favorite thing is the butchers block cheese board. My boyfriend and I will grab a few glasses and share that and it fills us up. We also get the salted caramel sundae - YUM. My favorite wine is the Fernlands sauvion blanc but they always have a great selection and it changes up pretty often.
4	I like Postinos. Good wine, generally friendly staff and the bruschetta is fantastic. On the downside, the place is small and can sometimes get crowded making an unhappy wait. When its a gorgeous day don't let the wait or the crowd stop you from sitting on the patio for brunch. Enjoy!
5	Perfect date spot!  But also perfect for a friendly gathering for wine and bruschetta.  My friends and I ordered a couple of bottles of prosecco  and 7 or 8 different kinds of bruschetta.  Perfect for 5 people and we had a great time talking and laughing underneath the heat lamps outside.  I loved this place and I will definitely come back every time I visit Arizona. Dear Postino, open a location in San Francisco.  Thanks!
4	After hearing about this place for months, I just HAD to go try it out. It was a Thursday night and surprisingly really busy. After walking in and not seeing anyone seating, we sat ourselves. The ONE hostess on duty then scolded us for doing so. Then after being confused, within 15 minutes three diff servers approached our table. One with water, one for a drink order and one to take our order. None of them smiled or seemed to care to wait on us, probably bc we weren't drinking wine. If it wasn't for the remarkable bruschetta and proscuttio sandwich, I would have left. The food is incredible and I would go back for takeout but the service really sucked.
4	I'm such a fan of my Postino! I am addicted to the bruschetta! I start craving it after a few weeks of not having it! In fact, I will go bread free and NOT have any bread .. SO I can load up on bruschetta when I come here. This place is packed.. No matter when you come here. I want to say get here 'early' , but truly.. there is no 'early' at Postino. Just get here! Get your name on the list and get your belly near the bar and get your drinks ordered. I usually never change things up too much. I love red wines and that is what I go with .. always. I like the $5 wines until 5pm. After that, if this is where my group is hanging , we generally go with the bottle then. The bottles are priced at 3x the amount of the glass price. Not bad and not hard to figure out. The meat board is great .. the cheese board is divine. All bruschettas ...mmmmmm. I've never done any desserts here. Maybe I should . But I usually am not a dessert girl. So I use my calories on wine, bread and cheese! I only brought my star down one as the last time I was here our waiter was to split the bill with me and my flight attendant friend from NYC. Instead, not only did he split it, he split and added the full cost to my card too! It took about 5 business days to correct! I'm still a fan, though.Catering: I catered a small gathering at my place with bruschettas and paninis . Perfect and on time. You pay as you order.
5	I have eaten..EVERY.SINGLE.BRUSCHETTA.FLAVOR.I plan to be buried with them. They are that good.When i'm rich and famous one day, I will dine on nothing but Postino's bruschetta until I balloon and can no longer fit through my door and need to escape through the bay window to satiate my bruschetta needs.That tasty.
4	The food was great but our service was terrible. We had made reservations for a large group and was greeted as if we were the worst table assignment she could have ever had.  We had wine and bruschetta which were both amazing. It was pretty busy for a week night and extremely loud for a sit down restaurant.  I'd make reservations and go with loud friends.
4	I have been to this location on 3 separate occasions. Food is consistently delicious!! Parking is consistently crappy. You have to be one of the lucky 5 people to get a non-valet spot. If you don't, good luck finding street parking that isn't resident-only. Sometimes your only choice is valet. I guess I'm cheap, but it makes me angry that I have to tip a guy to walk 10 feet to get my car. Oh well.2 of the 3 times I have been the service was great. This last time, was not so great. I was in a large party (~10 people) and they sat us right away, which was awesome. The place was not very busy as we were there for a very early dinner on a Sunday (4pm). Our waiter took our drink orders at 4:15, they were delivered and then disappeared until 5 (which is, you guessed it, then end of Happy Hour). He came back at 5:01 on the dot. Kinda sucks. As we were all hungry and eager to order, but it was not until sometime later that he re-appeared for the food order. \He did the whole, "I'm too awesome to write down any of your orders" bit. Even though we were each getting an order of Bruchetta (which gives the option to choose 4). Luckily, he got our orders correct, but if he hadn't? I am not going to tip you more because you didn't write it down!  Even if you get it right 95% of the time, it's really crappy for that 5% that you mess up! Anyway, our food came and it was delish! When our bill came, I realized why he didn't show his face more than the few times over the 3 hours that we were sitting there....they pre-added in his tip. 20%! He was made whether he gave us good service or not. I will be going back because, like I said, I usually have great service and ALWAYS have great food....but this one encounter did put a sour taste in my mouth.
5	Awesome atmosphere, amazing bruschetta.  Sunday brunch is the best - I love the live music!  They treat customers well too, especially if you join the mailing list.
5	I had a great time here in this post office converted to neighborhood restaurant.  Note to namers:  You could probably drop the Arcadio in the name because everything around is Aracdia this, Arcadia that.  Kind of like Florida where it is pelican or palm or sunshine whatever.  We get it.Anyway, there was good,  live music somethere over there in the corner.  Servers were peppy and fun and informed,  The menu was largely small plates for small budgets and small appetites, which seem to fit in this hip, gentrifying neighborhood.Organic and fresh all the way.  We had a choice of bruschetta and it was terrific.  Especially the fig and goat cheese with sauteed onion.Decor is eclectic.  They kept the frame of the former federal post office, complete with delivery bay door framing, and put the required exposed ducts in the ceiling.  The wall next to where we sat at high topped tables was papered with a humorous, Brooklyn toile. Parking is really limited, so expect to cruise the side streets for a space.
5	Went here last night for date night. Couldn't have asked for a better atmosphere or better service that just added to a great experience. We had been to Postinos before, but never to this location. We sat outside and the lighting of the place was perfect for a romantic night. The service was incredible. I believe our server was Mark. We were in between two types of bruschetta for our last pick and he ended up bringing the other one we didn't order just so we could try it - on the house. It only would have been an extra $4 for us to try, but it was the gesture that really impressed us. We will definitely be back again for the food, but we loved the service at this location!!
5	$5 WINE and BRUSCHETTA FROM THE GODS. WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR?It was my first time in Phoenix this weekend and I wanted to shoot myself because I was disappointed by so many places that people raved about on yelp/tripadvisor (i.e. Carolina's, Desert Botanical Garden, The Vig - to name a few)I stopped by Postino's on my last day there and if it wasn't for this place, I would probably never visit again.FYI - stop by La Grande Grocery next door and try the A-Z cookie. It's BOMB.
5	Okay; this place is pretty dang tasty and their most popular dishes are the Bruschetta! How can little pieces of bread with an assortment of toppings can be so amazing? To name a few:Ricotta with dates & pistachios: The cheese is not over powering and the date gives it the sweetness whereas the pistachios give it a nice crunch. Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone: Luckily it was fig season because you can never go wrong with prosciutto and figs! Salmon and pesto: It's something that everyone usually gets but honestly this was kind of a disappointment. The salmon was a bit thin and I didn't like it with the pesto. Brie & Apples with fig spread: Brie is literally the tastiest cheese. buttery, sweet and crunchy from the apple (another favorite) The bruschetta does change occasionally but they keep some of the popular ones on the menu. Great place to hang out with your friends and drink wine from their extensive wine bar.
5	OMG I was taken here as a reward for upgrading a friend's laptop and I most definitely got the good end of the deal. While crowded, did not have to wait long to be seated, attended to quite promptly and ordering was not a hassle, I picked up the Roast Beef Panini with home made potato chips and I know my chips, these were awesome, and of yeah the sandwich was huge I only ate a quarter of it but trust me it did not make it overnight at home, enjoyed it with a gusto. Nice energy that flowed in the place, must do again.
5	I absolutely love Postino's - the atmosphere, the food, the wine. I give it 5 stars because the atmosphere and service is amazing - friendly, refreshing, fun. The bruschetta is awesome, of course!
5	Monday and Tuesday night, this is the place to be. Plan on a short wait for a table though! For $20 you get a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board, making this the PERFECT date spot! The setting is industrial, yet dark and intimate. The service is hurried, but efficient. And the food, oh the food is delicious! Coming from the same family of restaurants as Windsor, and Federal Pizza Kitchen, the success and popularity, as well as the quality of Postino comes as no surprise!
5	Same great happy hour and food as the central location.  I did not note a difference in the food between both locations.  Arcadia has a nice outdoor patio, I prefer the tables that sit halfway outside and halfway inside.  See if you can get one when you visit.  Enjoy anything with fig on it. :)
4	Went there with friend for a late lunch.  It was very busy for a Sat. afternoon.  People were very friendly and we spent the 30 min wait at the bar with a couple of glasses of wine.  The bartender was very much on top of it.  We ordered three appetizers: Cheese plate, olives and tomato+ mozzarella.   All was very good.  The prices didn't make sense though.  I think the cheese plate was a fantastic value considering what you get.  But the tomato and cheese version was prob. not worth the money.  The bowl of Olives is what it is.  I liked it, my friend wanted some salty olives in there too which was all oil cured olives.  I am a fan and will go.  Just a side note; it seems that you have to have many visible tattoos to work here, so if you don't want your wait staff to be very casual and with lots of piercing etc. be warned.  Also, we saw a person who must have been a mgr scold a couple of the staff in front of everyone which I thought was not necessary.  Mainly because they weren't doing anything wrong secondly I am sure this could have been done in the back of the house.  Overall, nice atmosphere and loved the garage door open walls which gave the open air feel.  I liked how the bartenders were on top of it even though they were busy.  Our tap for the three apps and 4 glasses of wine was $50 plus a $10 tip makes it not a cheap place to just chill in the afternoon but I will be back prob. later in the evening for a happy hour or something.
4	Food was good and service was great. I would go back:)
3	Good food. Nice atmosphere.
5	Food is great for a small snack.  I wouldn't go there if you want a full dinner.  Awesome deck to hang out.
5	I LOVE this place-- the only issue, since it is an open venue, is that there are flies all over, and they are annoying as heck.BUT that does not stop me from giving this place 5 stars because it deserves is based on their bruschetta alone.The BF and I go here and share the bruschetta and a panini, and it is WAY filling. Sharing a bottle of wine is also a good time.Parking is always awful, and I recommend reservations whenever possible because it can get packed.My two fav bruschette are the salmon and the roasted red pepper with goat cheest. SO good!!!
5	What can I add that others haven't already said?  This place is adorable, the food is delicious, the wine selection is admirable and the employees are great.  Go.  Go now.
4	Good wine and excellent bruschetta. Great waitstaff.
4	This place has a great atmosphere.  Plenty of good food and friendly service.  Parking is at a premium so use the valet!  Try the Butchers Block!
5	My absolute favorite place to go. Great ambiance and wine selection. Ideal for getting cozy on a date or happy hour with girls. Get the apple and Brie bruschetta and the tomato jam bruschetta. Delicious.
5	SPEC-TACULAR...  As always, Postino's (backed by Paradise Bakery or not) nails it each and every time they do almost anything. Short and sweet.......Thanks for consistency in food, service, atmosphere and style.  Many props to all locations.
5	Love this place
4	Really good.  Great ambiance.  Good wine list and great bruschetta.
5	Woohoo!  This place is a great place to just chill and relax with a great glass of vino or an ice cold beer.  Great open atmosphere and friendly staff.  The ambiance rocks at night and the staff are very helpful and friendly.
5	All Phoenicians know Postino and its makers are local celebrities and geniuses. Everything they touch turns to gold. There's nothing they don't do exceptionally well. This is the perfect brunch spot, the perfect date spot, the perfect lunch spot... you  name it. Definitely the place you take a visitor from out of town. I am not much of a wine drinker but I have been pleased with everything I have ever tried here.I have never been here when it's NOT busy so expect a wait. But it's well worth it.
5	OMG!!! This place is A.MAZ.ING! If you dont get the bruchetta appetizer than you will be missing out. SO tasty!
4	Love the wine selection, incredible bruschetta, but questionable service. Went here with a party of 10 and the service was terrible--probably because we were a big enough party to add automatic gratuity, so the servers (we had several!) didn't seem too concerned with us. But again, the prices, wine selection, and bruschetta make it worth the visit!
4	Great date spot. We had the bruschetta and cheese with wine. It's a busy place but you're not easily distracted from who you're with. Staff is helpful with suggesting wines and it's $5 for a glass between 11a-5p. Not a bad deal.
5	One of my favorite wine bars in the area  - great ambiance, wine selection and bruschetta. $5 glasses of wine before 5:00 pm! My favorite bruschetta picks are the Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese - but they are all good! Almost always busy - expect a wait on the weekends and weeknights if they have any specials going on.  Parking is also very limited but there is usually a valet available.
4	Best place to take out-of-towners. I wish I still lived a half mile from this place but alas, I moved away. My roomie and I would bike here regularly. They have great 1/2 off wine bottle specials on Sundays. Postino is responsible for many Monday morning headaches :)
5	Hands down one of my favorite places. The people who work there are always awesome and "on it". The food is great and I just love the atmosphere; whether it's during the day or at night with the candlelight. I also love the music they play. I always feel calm and happy here. I'd highly recommend.
5	Yep, I loved it! Friends from school have raved about it and it is all that they said it would be!! Perfect bruschetta, yummy salad shared with a friend, and a cozy place to sit! The apple, honey, and Brie bruschetta brought a tear to my eye, I know that is weird.,......but omg, yum!
5	DELISH. Atrichoke sandwich is the way to go! (light on the cheese tho!)
5	The bruschetta is awesome!!!! It is so good that this is now my 86 year old grandmother's favorite place to go! In fact, my grandmother, mother, and I (3 generations) go to Postino's weekly!!!
5	Love it all!!  Food, wine atmosphere. Only down side is the acoustics. Hard to have conversation and be heard
5	When I was first deciding on moving out to Phoenix over a year ago, I stayed the weekend with a few friends of ours.  On a whim they took us to there favorite restaurant in the valley.  They brought us to this little wine bar named Postino that served bruschetta 10 different ways.  Let me tell you, I moved to Phoenix from Chicago about a year ago and more than the great weather and affordable living, Postino had a little something to do with me making the move.  I'm only kind of kidding.  This place is great, I've been here about 10 times the last year and it never disappoints.  Their bruschetta is delicious and totally affordable and I always tell my guests, we take all of our Midwest visitors here, the bruschetta is great but don't be afraid to hit up the sandwiches as well.  My favorite bruschetta must be the tomato jam with fresh sheep's milk cheese, it is unbelievable, all their bruschetta choices are great though.  I am not much of a wine guy, which is probably heresy when describing how great Postino is, but the beer selection here is just a good. If happy hours are your thing, Postino has these great happy hours that serve any pitcher of beer and any glass of wine for only $5 from 11AM-5PM seven days a week.  Seriously this is one of the best places to dine and chill in the valley.  The atmosphere is cool, lots of hip good looking people around, the music is low key, and the service is attentive and lively.  The servers know their stuff when it comes to wine and beer.  If I had to recommend one place to anyone coming to the Valley for work or play, this would be the spot.  It really can't be missed.
4	Always busy, but i'm a fan of their Monday and Tuesday board/bottle deal.. plus their bruscetta is probably the best i've had here in town.
4	4-stars for the food and wine. The ambiance is nice, but as with most Upward Projects ventures, I feel like they're trying too hard. Let the food speak for itself. All the trendy decor is just a magnet for hipster douches. Nothing ruins my bruschetta and merlot like some horn-rimmed square talking loudly about his latest inde rock band 'find' or his 'sweet pieces of vinyl' at the proximal table. Dude...SHUT UP!
5	Simply the best bruschetta in the world! arugula and prosciutto fig & marscapone is my favorite but all of them are worth trying at least once in your life. Can't wait to return to Phoenix one day and come back for more.
5	Bruschetta is amazing!
5	Postino's is a great place for a date or evening out with friends.  The Arcadia location is in a cool neighborhood and the building opens up on one side to an outdoor patio... which is awesome on an evening with nice weather.I have to admit, I haven't tried very much from the menu.  Every time I come, the rest of the table and I order bruschetta to share and some wine.  Although I'm sure the rest of the food is great, I really do recommend bruschetta.  There are 12 different varieties to choose from, with everything from the classic tomato, mozzarella and basil to brie with apple slices to prosciutto.  Every single one is delicious.  They work well for one order for two people, so order accordingly.  For our group of 4, we got 2 orders.  With four varieties each, we got to try 8 of the 12 available.  It was easiest to say that we'd try one of everything, with the exception of the ones that had an ingredient someone at the table would prefer to skip.We also split a bottle of wine, which complimented the meal very well.  Our server was knowledgeable enough to recommend a bottle based on what we were in the mood for, and he really hit the mark.  We were amused that the woman whose job it was to fill water glasses would come around so often that the glass never got below half empty.  It was almost too much, but hey, we stayed well hydrated.The atmosphere is very "cool" with dim lighting, modern decor, and a definite wine theme throughout.  Service has been excellent each time I've dined here.  Those are perks for sure, but the bruschetta would keep me coming back anyway!  Check out any of the Postino's that may be near you!  If you go in on Monday or Tuesday after 8, their date night special is a bruschetta platter and a bottle of wine for $20.  Can't beat that!Keep in mind that Postino Arcadia is valet parking only ;)
4	I've been to postino central but it was my first time trying postino arcadia, i like the decor better at arcadia than at central.  The food tasted great, . very yummy and great place to hang out with friends.
4	Great location and the bruschetta is amazing. If you can go for happy hour the wine and bruschetta combo for $20 is as good as it can get.  May I recommend the Malbec. The only downside to this location is the the music is louder inside so an intimate conversation would be difficult unless your on the patio. However I will continue to come back over and over again!
3	Really great atmosphere, wines, etc... but I didn't think the food was very good, so I give it only 3 stars.  The bread is very thick and maybe uncooked, no oil.  It was not what I expected.  I was hoping for crunchy bread with creatively delicious toppings.  The toppings are great combinations, just not executed like I expected.  I thought the bruschetta would be warm, but instead it was cold, nothing melded, and the bread was very large.  Great concept, but I don't get all the great reviews.
4	I like this place for their appetizers (bruschettas and olives), their wine and beer selection and their happy hour prices ! Its a perfect after work before dinner kind of a place.
5	We started with the butcher's block (literally a wood block FILLED with the most delicious cheeses, olives, hummus, dry aged meats, bread, and heaven) then followed with the bruschetta plate.  We chose 4 different selections, but our favorite was the one with arugula.  We had planned on order a pannini to split and a cup of soup after this, but we were so stuffed we did not get passed the apps!  And for location and clientele (valet parking usually scares us off.... haha!), we were surprised we walked out of there with full, satisfied tummies and a slight buzz for less than $50!  We cannot wait to get a sitter again and check it out.  Right now they have a deal on Monday and Tuesday evening for a bottle of wine and the bruschetta for like $20. Whoa!
5	Super cute and fun place to have happy hour with friends or to grab dinner. Their food is excellent and the location cant be beat!
5	Love this place! I still kinda like the one on Central slightly better, but this has a cool inside/outside vibe and being next to LGO is awwesome!
4	Postino is that perfect weekend brunch spot. If you have a random Thursday off of work and want to grab lunch by yourself, this is the perfect environment. Great bellinis on the weekend mornings are the best way to start a day of relaxing.
5	I've been a longtime Yelp lurker over many years, and have read thousands of reviews that have lead me to awesome finds and away from the not-so-greats.  Postino gets the privilege of being my first review! I have been in the Phoenix area for a total of 7 days since January and I have ended up at various Postino locations 4 times in those days. That says a lot from somebody who normally would always try a new place instead of frequenting the same spot over and over. Here's why:Fun vibe - casually bougie without the pretense (it's possible!). Awesome servers - attentive and personable without being annoying or overbearing.Amazing bruschetta - perfectly toasted with great combinations of toppings. I prefer the savory over sweet. Excellent wine and beer selections - they've got your standards plus the locals plus some unique options that'll keep you busy.Price is right - I'll gladly share my student loans + interest with Postino, even after 5pm as I did last night with a group of friends.I will say the cheap Asian in me isn't a fan of the valet parking (it's not always there, though). They are lucky I'm too lazy to walk in the heat of summer. My mother would be so disappointed if she knew I paid for valet.  As a new transplant just down the road, I have a feeling I'll be back many times.  For those of us busy during the day, I am so happy they have weekend happy hour and date night specials. Just need to find the date first, but I won't digress... ;pReally though, other restaurants should take note.
5	The best place to go for great food and wine
5	By far one of my most favorite restaurants in the entire Phoenix metro area. I've been coming to Postino for years now, it never let's me down. The clever and eclectic decor, staff and menu always lives up to hype.You cannot beat their bruschetta and wine menu. There is something for everyone! Great place for groups, special occasions, dates and girls night!You really can't go wrong with any of the upward restaurants, which is the reason why this is a go-to for me, when friends and family come to visit and every birthday :)
4	I finally made it to Postino! Nobody ever wanted to go with me and I was finally able to talk my friend into going to the one next to my hair dresser. Arcadia!  Like I said, I went with a friend for lunch and it was so freaking delicious!I ordered the Prosciutto with Brie Panini, which includes...Prosciutto with triple cream brie, fig jam and arugula. I think they spread honey or something else on the bread. I would like to say my friend was really hesitant to go because she just didn't like Postino based on past experiences. However, she had gone to the location on central, not Arcadia. This info will be important later. Back to my yummy panini. I have never been crazy about prosciutto but Brie...one of my fav cheeses. Add sweet fruityness to it and I'm sold! Based on the options on the menu this sounded like the best choice for me and I am so glad I know myself so well.The generous amount of meat combined with the perfect amount of cheese on great bread all brought together with this amazing sweet spread and some healthy greenage. I mean it was probably one of the greatest things I have eaten in a long time. This was so true that 3 days later I told my husband we are going for lunch as I must eat this sandwich again! This time we went to the central location. So not the same. :(The meat portion was half and the brie was just off and my sandwich was just not spectacular. Hence why I think my friend was against Postino for so long. She had only ever been to central. So I highly recommend Postino but I can only recommend the Arcadia location and it's the only one I will go to. Even though it's far for me, it's worth the drive past the central location onto Arcadia. Not joking....Amazing! Eat it!
5	Love this place, great wine selection and can't go with out the Bruschetta! Great Happy Hour Specials. Does fill up quick with limited seating so get there early! Great service as well!
5	Awesome wine and bruschetta at really reasonable price! Well worth the trip.
3	The food was pretty good but I hate going to places like this because there is a huge echo and you can barely hear the people you're with. I've had their catering though- a much better experience.
5	Postino is an essential spot to check out if you are, or ever plan to be in the Vally. Bruschetta. Panini. Meat. Cheese. Bread. Wine. Beer. Can you dig it? Do you have a pulse? Try to make it during the time they have the special for a bottle of wine and bruschetta board for $20. If you are reading this review right now you probably have the ability to find out when that is, so do it, because I can't remember. The Bruschetta board comes with 4 types of bruschetta, you have to order this. I have tried all of them and each is great in its own way but, you must have the Brie & Apples - to die for. Get the Nine Iron panini. The cheese board is my favorite appetizer. Any or all of that with a Hop Knot and you might just forget you are on planet Earth.
4	I don't eat here, but I get take out every couple of months. I love the pizzeria salad, or whatever it's called. I ALWAYS bring home a slice of the red velvet cake, too. It turns my poop red, so I know it's the real deal.This place is always busy, so you can't be an impatient Nancypants when you go. While you are waiting, you can do some shopping and find some cool specialty foods.
5	Love this place. Great ambiance and food. Wish I could go weekly.
3	1 star is taken away due to the parking situation .  The food and atmosphere are good.  I've been here for brunch on the weekend when the doors are open and they have live music.  It's a good time.  It's a great place to grab a glass of wine and some bruchetta and hang out with a group of people.
5	Beautiful restaurant, with a friendly staff. Extensive selection of wine, and reasonably priced beer. I'm a big fan of the happy hour specials.The bruschetta is delicious. My personal favorite is red bell peppers with goat cheese. I really like that you can pick for different toppings for a single serving - it's a great way to sample all the different types of bruschetta. The bellinis are also really good if you're not in a beer or wine mood.I really need to go back and try more of the menu. Can't wait!
4	I always loving going to Postino's.Love the bruschetta.Use the valet parking or else you'll have a heck of a time finding a parking spot.I
4	Warm and romantic ambience for any occasion, Postino offers a plethora of bruschetta and Panini to feed your carb need.  The servers are extremely knowledgeable and this spot has a wide selection of carefully selected wines for the true wine aficionado.
5	Just as good as Postino Central, and more spacious.  Food and wine are excellent as always.  I would recommend a Tempranillo if you want a red wine that is more fruity but not as strong as Carbenet.  Be aware that gratuity is 20% for a large group and parking is limited around the restaurant (although they do have valet for $3).
5	Is there anywhere else in the Valley that does bruschetta this yummy? I think not! Love their catering too!
4	I have been here several times for brunch and I know I'm surly one of very few who have not hit the happy hour here, but I will.  Close to home, great food.  Service has always been wonderful.
5	Absolutely my favorite place in town! Best bruschetta EVERRR!!! Oh, and when you go ask for Miles -- he's the most amazing server ;) and quite handsome too, I might add!
4	Great food and ambiance!
5	Bruschetta is a must here. All the flavor options are delicious, but a personal favorite is prosciutto and fig. Soups are delicious as well. Only downside is parking. The lot is really small so you either have to do valet or park further down the street and walk over. Great place for lunch or snacks with drinks in the evening.
5	We stopped here last night and glad we did.  The choice of four bruschetta was awesome loved them all white bean, artichoke, burrata and mozzarella. My glass of Manifesto Zin was really good as well.  A nicely appointed restaurant that I would frequent more given the chance.
4	Finally made it in here for their weekend brunch. Its the Postino standard deliciousness! I had the country toast... Italian ham, Gruyere and eggs with a Dijon mayo, served on sourdough. I love the way the cheese melts and gets all crispy on the bread.  Then topped with the magic combo of ham and eggs... The tomato salad on the side has a basil vinaigrette that was really yummy. I skipped mimosas this go round, but it should be noted that they're a mere $5, as are bellinis at brunch time. Service was fast, friendly and they kept the water glasses full. Also, at 11am on a Sunday, we waited only about 5 minutes for a table.  :)
5	You must get the Brushetta and order the roasted bell peppers and goat cheese! One of the best! It is usually pretty crowded and can be kind of noisy but if you know that going in ask to sit on the patio!
5	I have only gone to Postino during the Monday/Tuesday $20 nights where you get a bottle of wine and choice of 3 bruschettas for the cheap price of $20.  I always order a bottle of moscato d'asti and a trio of Brie & Apples with fig, Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and Fresh Mozzarella with tomato and basil.  I usually go with a few of my girlfriends and this makes a great meal with fantastic wine and some good gossip. :)  Come early as seats fill up extremely quickly and the wait can get very long.  This deal starts after 8pm.
5	Love Postino. They have a fantastic brunch on the weekend. Even if you are not a wine drinker you will find something you will love.
5	MEB Management ....regarding The Highland Apartments, 15255 N Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd, Scottsdale, AZ 85260.The other night (it was real hot), unbearable.  My a/c wasn't working. At approximately 9 pm, I called MEB Management.  Never in my mind did I think I would get the prompt, efficient and courteous service that I was about to receive.  I got a call back with five minutes from Jesus.  He gave me instructions that the line might be frozen and he'd call me back in 1/2 hour. It still didn't work. The next thing that I knew he said he was on his way, with a 'portable' unit to cool my place down until they could get on the roof the next morning.I was expecting a huge metal unit to arrive with no way to put it into my sliding window.  What they brought me was a very modern plastic unit with clean ducting that vented outside, this was at 10:30 pm a night when the work was finally done.I was appreciative, it cooled my whole place down and my night and the next day were able to be normal. The humble professionalism of Ira, the head of maintenance staff and Nychell as well are always appreciated.Tracy, Marsha and Jessica are the office staff that I am also happy with. Five stars to The Highlands for this!  Sincerely and satisfied tenant.
4	This place always has a fun vibe and a great patio. Love meeting girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta.  Good service and nice atmosphere, a true staple.
5	I can't say enough good things about Postino. As far as locations go, I think Gilbert has the best food overall followed by Postino Arcadia and then Postino Central, but I would give all of them 5 stars except Postino Central which I gave 4 (due to freshness of ingredients).  If this is your first time trying Postino, you MUST try the bruschetta. It is out of this world. I've been to a couple of different other places that seem as if they are trying to copy Postino's bruschetta, but it is never as good. Aside from the bruschetta, the salads are wonderful, all of them, my favorite being the italian picnic. Most importantly, the wine is amazing at Postino. If you are not sure which to try, ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better, on Mondays and Tuesdays if you come at 8pm they have their special - any bottle of wine AND a tray of bruschetta! It cannot be beat!!
1	I try to like you Postinos, I really do but you make it so hard.  Came on a Tuesday for their 8 PM $20 Bottle of wine and bruschetta special and left disappointed and annoyed.The parking lot disaster strikes again!  LGO now put up signs saying 25 min parking for LGO customers only and has a lot monkey stationed to chase away people trying to park in those spaces.  I was told by the lot monkey that I could valet ($3 charge) or I could park 3 blocks away if I didn't want to pay the fee.  Keep in mind this is a Tuesday and I have to pay to park my car because the restaurant blocks off all the spaces.Once seated my friend and I tried to catch up for a moment when the server came over to take our drink orders.  Since we had just sat down we asked for some time to take a look at the menu.  Our server came back a few minutes later and asked if we were ready to order.  No suggestions on a wine, no questions if we had questions, just "you ready to order?"We ordered a bottle and bruschetta and our waiter disappeared.  For the rest of the night.  I watched him refill wine glasses at other tables, ours was brought by another server.  Other tables had their plates cleared when they were finished, ours sat in front of us until another server took them away.  Our server obviously didn't want our business because about an hour after we sat down he came back to the table and asked if we were interested in any dessert.  We said no and he immediately dropped the check on the table and left.  No offer of another round of drinks, just here is your check.The wine we had was amazing and was a steal at the price plus the bruschetta.  The bruschetta themselves were half assed.  3 of the 4 weren't even sliced all the way through but over all they were decent.Yet again Postinos shows they want my money but not my patronage.  I don't understand how I am the only one who keeps having horrible experiences here?
1	I totally 100% agree w Serianna T.I have felt the same way about the seating, and parking and mediocre foods... Postino and LGO are complete cluster F***s for anyone who plans on driving there. I also feel like the general atmosphere is trying so hard to be relaxed and casual that it is stressful for the guests.
5	Fabulouso!!!!!!!!!
4	Wonderful platter of bruschetta and a happy friendly staff.Only down side for me, is that I personally dislike large crowds and a load atmosphere, and this place will sometimes get that way.  But that means it's got to be good then!Wine selection is very nice as well.
5	Best bruschetta in Phoenix!!
4	I liked it. The food was pretty good and the wine and beer selections were great.  It's definitely more of a happy hour spot for me though.
4	Wow, looks like this makes review #700 for Postino's! I'm sure by now you all have heard of the great Monday night deal which includes a bottle of wine and their yummy bruschetta, and it doesn't really matter what kind of bruschetta you get, because its all delicious so they are all good choices. Other than the good monday night deal, this is simply just an overall cool little quaint spot to spend a couple hours, especially great for a date. It's dark, and intimate, nice baby-making music playing in the background... Not too many drawbacks I can think of other than parking being limited, and since it is a fairly small location, it can get crowded quick. Oh, and I must confess I did find it just a smidgen on the hipster side, but not enough to keep me away thats for sure.
4	So cute, I love this place! My profile picture was actually taken there. Very great patio, we held a post graduation party with about 20 people and it was perfect. One person in our party unrolled her napking to find a coupon for a free dinner in the napkin, what a great idea! Very fun atmosphere.
3	The things I like best about this place are their mini charcuterie board offerings.  This is one of my fav ways to eat and sip on a beautiful glass of wine, simultaneously.  So simple, yet casually elegant.  Good prices.  Cool ambience.  Decent service.
5	My favorite place to eat in the valley!  I love Postino!  They have THE BEST buscetta in the world.  They have some interesting combinations and they all work very well together.  The service is great!  The vibe is very chill.
5	Super good time!
5	You're an idiot if you rate this place any less than 5 stars.  The bruchetta, ambiance, and great beer makes this place ideal to pull up to on a weekend afternoon around 3:30 and have the perfect late lunch with an afternoon buzz.  No matter what time of day you come, there are always hungry people talking happily while stuffing tasty noshes in their mouths.  Finish the day off by going over to La Grand Orange for  a quick shop around, maybe a pizza, and a bottle of wine for later that night once the buzz has worn off.
4	Had a super time at Postino, great selection of wines!  Good food and nice environment.
5	My lady and I hit this for the first time and is right down the street.  I had the Spoke And Wheel burger and have to say may have been the best burger I have ever had.  She had the Rib Eye and loved it.Atmosphere is nice and might be a good hang out for sports with all the TVs but I suspect is a little to nice for that.  Has a huge patio area that is dog friendly and we look forward to trying it when it's cooler.
5	Postino is my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. We love their Monday and Tuesday night special... A board of bruschetta and bottle of wine for $20!!! I really enjoy their Tempranillo, Malbec, and Sangiovese, and my favorite bruschetta flavors are the brie and apple with fig spread, prosciutto and fig with mascarpone, salami and pesto, ricotta and dates, and my absolute favorite is the goats milk cheese and tomato jam. They also usually have really delicious hearty soup and I love their salads and paninis. They have $5 glasses of wine before 5pm every day and their peach bellinis are perfect for Sunday brunch. My husband likes their mini pitchers of beer. We would eat here every day if we could. The only negative is the shortage of parking spaces, forcing you to valet. I've also been to their Gilbert and Central Phoenix locations, which are bigger and really nice as well.
4	Love coming here for $20 Tuesday deal; you just can't beat it.  I have to say, the salmon Bruschetta is my favorite of all of them.  The bottle deal can't be beat and the selections are nice. Very broad.  They change it every couple months as well, so always trying new wines.  Highly recommend getting a reservation because it's always packed on Tuesdays.  The service is great, though sometimes, if they are having a bad day, they tend to complain about how busy they are.  While I empathize, I'm here to relax and get away from my work troubles. Just be patient with them and they will treat you right.
4	The atmosphere there is great, the food is pretty simple but tastey. I go there for their wine. It really is a great selection and the staff is pretty knowledgeable. I had the tuna sandwich for the first time the other day, cause I normally get the brushetta(sp?) and it was really good. It wasn't mayonnaise-ey. I would also recommend the nine iron.
4	Grea food and wine.  Lovely atmosphere.  A bit overpriced and entirely too loud, but that's the price for popularity!    My largest complaint would be that the service is a bit slow, and the servers seem incredibly overworked.  They should be paid more as without them the experience isn't worth showing up for.
4	Good bruschetta and sandwiches. $5 wines by the glass til 5 pm. Great for people watching. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Cool wines by the glass and bottle. Unique wines to take home too.
5	BAAAAAAAAAAAAZING!!!!  Want something to do on a Monday-Tuesday evening, come here for $20 bucks and you'll snag a bottle of Vino and some delish bruschetta.  The atmosphere is open and Euro feeling with the open wine market and back of restaurant bar.  Seating can be an issue so be flexible when trying to find standing or sitting room.  The food is good and the service is spot on.  Definitely my choice for chillaxin on an off night with friends or even a date.
4	The food and service was excellent. But, be aware that parking is limited.
5	oh postino, i dream about your bruschetta. this little wine bar is one of the best (if not the best) in the valley-and i love that's it's only a mile from where i live! although they're open late, i really think of postino as more of a lunch/happy hour spot.  this is a salad/sandwich/bruschetta place, and to me that just doesn't say dinner.  regardless! it's awesome and they have great wine deals-from 11-5pm all wine by the glass and pitchers of beer are $5, bottles are $9 off if you get it to go, and on monday and tuesdays you can get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20! anyways, on to the amazing bruschetta. you get your choice of four different toppings (2 pieces per topping-great for sharing!) and they are all so so good! my favorites are the ricotta with dates and pistachios, prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, and the smoked salmon with pesto.  but you can't go wrong with any of them, they're all that good and there's something for everyone's tastes.  parking is sort of a hassle-so just save yourself the trouble and valet. also, it can get pretty loud during lunch time, so be aware of that if you're trying to have a quiet time. either way, if you haven't been-go! you won't regret it.
5	Bruschetta...WineThe options to choose for your bruschetta are terrific!  And they are the best in town!  The wine selections are terrific!  Great service and very reasonable prices.  What is not to like.Dick
4	I love the atmosphere, the staff, and the food.  My go-to for a girls' night out or a laid-back date.
5	You know what I LOVE about Postino's?  THE PATIO IS DOG FRIENDLY!!!  We love to go there on a Sunday afternoon and share a bottle of wine or champagne, snack and enjoy the cool weather!  It's a great place to meet the girls for lunch too!  Great snacks, salads and wine selection!  Great neighborhood hang out!
4	First time here and very impressed! My wife and I brought my parents here and we loved it!  The bruschetta board is the way to go with big servings of each.  We had the red peppers and goat cheese, apple brie and dates, classic bruschetta, and the smoked salmon. All were delicious!  The atmosphere is pretty trendy, and you have to valet your car cause there is no parking around the area.  To be honest its a little hard to have conversations in there as the music was pretty loud.  I could see how they would have that cause it seemed geared more to a younger crowd.  That was the only drawback.  I also had one of their Panini's, the Nine Iron.  It was good but could of done with out so much lettuce and had more meat.  Overall a great experience and coming back again to enjoy the bruschetta board.
5	LOVE the ambiance. The wine is great and definitely try the pub grub.
5	Fabulous! I only give the effort of recreating at home if it's worth it...and the boards were well worth it! The wait staff were very helpful in picking out wines too! Good happy hour and weekend specials too!
5	The bruschetta is to die for, and brunch is fantastic. Don't forget the delicious mimosas!
3	The food is delicious, the brucetta is a personal favorite of mine.  The place is sometimes over crowded and the service is not always friendly.
5	Postinos is one of my favorite places to go monthly for a light dinner and wine. I get the bruschetta every time and I am never disappointed. The servers are always very knowledgeable on wine and will give you a great suggestion. I have had some of their Panini's and soups and those were also delicious! The Arcadia location is also my favorite Postinos to go to; I love the atmosphere.
4	One of my favorites in the VALLEY!!!!
5	Been 7 years since I first went here (yeah...Fall of 2006) and its still so effing good.  Great wine and great appetizers that fill you up like a meal.Go!
4	Set up: girl that is almost always hungry or ready for her next meal + late flight into Phoenix the night before (thereby missing dinner) = ravenous girl @ PostinoSummer Delight (SD) and I were seated at a pretty perfect table, in the corner, next to the window. Which definitely came in handy in terms of hiding our slight shame when the onslaught of food and booze arrived at our tiny little table for 2!In true fattiness, we ordered enough food to feed a family of 5! And of course with their happy hour offerings for wine and beer it was too awesome to pass up on! 1. Selection of 4 Bruschetta's: pretty good variety of options, ingredients were fresh, generously portioned and flavor combinations worked. My only problem was the bread to goods ratio. Even though I am a thorough carbivore, it was a bit too much bread for my pref and I tend to like less dense bread for my bruschetta. Nonetheless a great deal for $14!2. Autostrada Panini - I am not one to pass up on any meat, on meat, on meat, on meat action (yes, 4 types of salty cured pig parts...especially in regards to the Soppressata, LOL!)! And the spicy pepper relish was a nice added zing to bring together all that goodness. LOL!!3. Bella Postino (warm artichoke dip and white bean hummus with assorted MJ breads) - Probably...no...definitely could have done without this given the amount of food we already ordered but still a good staple to order if you're here with more than 2 people! Haha!And then on to the best part! They have a great happy hour where their wine by the glass and PITCHERS of beer are just $5!! Loved that there were so many options! You seldom see that here in San Francisco. So it was quite glorious! There was definitely some remorse that I stuffed myself so much I didn't have more capacity to fully take advantage of it! SD also introduced me to a locally produced beer, I believe it was the HopShock? Pretty freaking delicious!Good food/booze and wonderful company certainly made this a very memorable meal! If I ever find myself in AZ again I will definitely revisit this place. Especially now that I have learned from my mistake of not properly allocating my stomach capacity for happy houring here! ^____^"I am not a glutton, I am an explorer of food" ~ Erma Bombeck
5	ExquisiteFine wine and tasty appetizers Great place for evening get together with friends or a table for two with a special someone!Highly recommended for people who enjoy the finer things in life.
4	Delicious as far as the food goes, but I much prefer the ambiance of the location in Arcadia.
5	Can I just say "Bella Postino"  yummm.
4	We are new to the area and a lot of people kept telling us to check out Postino.  We finally were able to on a Thursday around 7:30.  The place was cool, I liked the vibe, BUT do not go here if loud music bothers you because they are definitely cranking it.  The fig/prosciutto bruschetta and the tomato jam with sheeps cheese were our favorite!
3	If peanut butter and jelly are a match made in heaven, then bruschetta is meant for wine tasting.  It's hard to beat the price to quality ratio for the bruschetta here.  My favorite is the prosciutto with fig and mascarpone.  It has the right balance of sweetness and saltiness.  The smoked salmon with pesto is a close second.  On the other hand, wine selection is a little lacking.
5	I honestly can say it doesn't get much better then Postino's.  I absolutely love this place.  Huge wine selection, the best sangria, wonderful staff and the Bruschetta is to die for.  If you haven't been to Postino's you are missing out.
5	"Eat me"Yep, that's what everything (the food) said to me as it came out. That about sums up my experience.. but read on for more specifics.Service: TOP notch service. Our waiter was patient and super attentive. He knew the menu and even said, that's why I work here because EVERYTHING is good!Food: We started with the spinach artichoke/white bean hummus combo and the grilled cheese.. yes.. folks grilled cheese. This was by far the best grilled cheese I've had..ever and that says a lot. It was on a nice flaky break with the perfect amount of gooey-ness. It was served with a ketchup, fancy mustard, and pesto. Fabuloso!For the entree - I had the tomato florentine - I felt like it was missing a spice, but it was still good. I had the chicken and mozzarella panini and the mixed greens salad. Albeit I was stuffed, it was amazing and tasted even better the next day.The other perk is they have a focused menu. They aren't trying to be everything to everyone. Another bonus!The open doors/windows, patio seating and coziness of the restaurant was a perk.The only thing I wish there was more of was light. It was very hard to read the menu using a small candle. It wasn't enough for me to take this down a star though.
2	Overpriced, mediocre food and phony.  The wines are OK but somewhat pretentious.  If you want really good food and good wines, go up the street to Hillstone on Camelback.
5	Live music, great bruschetta, great service
5	I always love going here--feels like home in a great sense.  The decor esthetically pleases and relaxes me.  The service is always individual andusually great (one slightly short bartender in Gilbert once ... ),  and the food (bruschettas mostly) makes me smile ... Contemporary take on them is refreshing.
4	Delicious bruschetta! Loved the setting. This is a great place for a nice ladies lunch :)
5	One of my favorite restaurants in town , love the food and. Atmospheres there. Bruschetta is the best !!!
5	Love, love this place.  Great wine selection and very tasty food (Bruschetta!).
4	Awesome.  Sooooo Good!!!!  Go here, you will not be disappointed!A funny story from here...we asked the one server (a guy) to take my date and my picture together.  When he got the phone, he hit something that went to the gallery...and he said, "There are some pictures on here I am not supposed to see...I didn't look at them..."  We just laughed....
5	A new favorite is born!  My wife and I came here recently for a weekday lunch while in the area and were steered here due to all the positive reviews.It was moderately busy even on a weekday, so I can't imagine how it would be Friday-Sunday, especially for dinner-packed I'm sure.  The only downside was parking, it seems valet is the only really viable option.Great decor and atmosphere here.  We walked through inside, but opted to sit outside as the weather was perfect. We ordered the bruschetta and all the selections were great.  My favorite was the smoked salmon while my wife preferred one with peppers.  We also split a raspberry salad of some kind that was also excellent.  My wife had a Malbec that was near the bottom of the list that she really liked, while I was super happy they had Four Peaks Hop Knot on draft.Also great drink prices daily, I think till five o'clock?  This will definitely be a return often type place when anywhere in the area!
5	Love, love, love this place!
5	My husband and I came here in late August and the weather was threatening a monsoon right as we arrived, so the restaurant interior was jam packed, I convinced the hostess that we really were okay with the risk of getting wet and she let us sit on the empty patio, which was blessedly deserted.  Our bet paid off as it didn't storm on us and instead we got to enjoy the light show and blowing trees overhead as we noshed on a mixed bruschetta board and a pub board.  I'm a big fan of their bruschetta combinations, they really have a beautiful way of combining sweet and savory ingredients in a way you wouldn't expect, but surprise your taste buds nevertheless.  I enjoyed a peach Bellini while my husband, who doesn't drink, had a really delightful cucumber honey lemonade.  As unusual sounding as it is, it's really quite amazing.  This is such a nice place for an evening out, sans children.  If you haven't been yet you really MUST check it out; go now!
5	The bruschetta and pub boards are to die for, and we look forward to the $20 wine & bruschetta deals on Mondays and Tuesdays every week! Get here a bit early on those days though, as everyone likes this great deal.
5	Favorite place in the Valley for bruschetta!  Also love the 11 am to 5 pm $5 glasses of wine.  :)
5	This place is perfect the FIRST DATE SPOT, as well as being a major fan of burchetta.  I was originally a fan of it the crispy bread appetizer...but the first time i came here...I had the tomato jam...and it literally CHANGED MY LIFE!!  I am sure there are about a thousand people have reviewed this place, but one more won't hurt.  Great spot...and the best time to go is a Tuesday, just because of the deals, and be prepared to wait.  Typically a 45min wait.  THAT in it self should tell you something about the food and atmosphere of the place.  Oh..and the staff....SOLID 10!!!
5	Always great
1	Ahh Postino Wine Bar... Or is it Postinos? Or Postino Wine Cafe? Whatever! I would definitely consider myself a Postino expert. Postino was a go to for countless dates of mine. I have been to all of the locations and my experience at this location has unfortunately changed. When I first stated going to this Postino I loved it! Me and my roommate would visit every Sunday religiously. We always got great service! Food was fantastic and timely. But it seems as if the the 40th street location is either under new management or just has new rude employees. I no longer go to this location because of a couple negative encounters with servers. I had no idea it was there business how many women I take on dates there. You would think the business would be appreciated. I was shocked when a server made a snide comment about my dating habits right in front of a lady friend. I would have been pretty pissed if that was an actual date. Very unprofessional staff at this location!I recommend going to the newer Central & Camelback location if you are planning on visiting Postino. Pros:- cheap tasty bruschetta- reasonable wine prices- decent beers on tap- crazy fast but borderline annoying water refills- short wait timesCons- rude servers- shallow menu- bad for taking dates
5	Postino has the most amazing bruschetta in Phoenix and awesome specials! I highly recommend Postino for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
5	Great food and really cool laid back atmosphere
4	Great place to meet for breakfast or lunch. Great variety and very personal service. I especially like the variety and unusual options for snacks, sandwiches and more. Can't beat the prices for beer. Parking can be tough but it's worth the trouble. Can't wait to get back to try something new!
2	Nothing worth writing about except the bruschetta. Most of the wine tastes like cheap box wine and are unrecognizable labels probably stored in a warehouse! Salads are overpriced and no hot entrees...unimpressive.
5	1st time here!! Excellent Service by Jake...I will definitely be back, nice to see what phoenix has to offer- food was fantastic & the wine was amazing!!!
5	I'm hesitant to give 5 stars. I do it only when a place offers and experience I cannot get elsewhere.  POSTINO does that , their Bruschetta, ambiance, service and VALUE are a combination that is unmatched in Phoenix. Did I mention value? Mon & Tues you can order 4 diff types of bruschetta and an entire bottle of wine and pay $20, TOTAL. I challenge you to find a better deal.    Back to service , JAKE our server was great tonight, he has a very friendly demeanor and  made excellent recommendations. I've Been here about 10 times before, he was part of the reason I was compelled to write this review tonight.
3	went here to celebrate an interview my wife went to.Had wine. Thats about it. Love going to sit and relax and have a glass of wine (or beer). They try and keep their atmospheres similar between the one on central and here.This one feels more condesnsed than the one on central. Obviously i prefer centrals location and atmosphere better.Food is the same at both places.
4	Food is incredible, good pricing. No reservations unless you have 8 people but its impossible to get a table for 7 in the evening. Also, the valet only parking is dumb.
4	What a nice place to share with a friend for a nice wine and bite to eat.
5	Excellent brunch on a Saturday at a reasonable price.  Quick and diligent service for our group of 12.  Everyone left satisfied and the check for all of us plus a hefty tip was less that $200.
5	Brushetta and wine omg enough said.. Great wine selection chill atmosphere =perfect !!!
5	This place is amazing! Location is easy to get to and valet is Perfect! It's free and I didn't mind paying a few bucks for the convenience! The food is great! Came here for a brunch with some girlfriends on a Saturday morning! They were willing to give us a nice comfy couch area for our group of 6-7. We all got mimosas and our server offered to just grab us a bottle since it would be the same price ($5/each). Yum! I had looked up reviews before going and was all about ordering the bruschetta but my friends were feeling the brunch items. Everything looked so tasty! I ordered the prosciutto and Brie panini and chips. Oh my gosh soooo very flavorful!!! It was in the sweet side due to the fig but so many flavor profiles in each bite! I can't wait to come again. I hear they have deals on Monday and Tuesday nights for wine and bruschetta!
4	I love Postinos as much  as anyone else, always have amazing food and of course a great selection of wine. However this place has become such a headache. It is almost impossible to get a seat any more on Mon or Tues night because of their $20 bottle of wine and bruchetta board. The special starts at 8pm, we got there over 45 min early one night and the wait was an hour and a half. I wish they would either extend the hours, get extra table or do something so they can accommodate all of their clients. They will accept reservations if you have a party of 8 or more. So last Mon. we called ahead and made reservations for our large group, we arrived 20 min early to ensure that they would have enough time to get our table ready and they told us that they just gave our tables away to 2 smaller groups. Hello?!?! We were EARLY to our reservations. Very disappointed.
3	I'm so disappointed to be downgrading my Postino's experience on Yelp. I've been a regular here since I moved to the neighborhood over a year ago. However, there appears to be some staffing changes that are interfering with service.The food and wine really are top of the line. There hasn't been a single morsel of food that has crossed my palate that I've disagreed with. Unfortunately the experience is not what it used to be, and for that I'm disappointed. If you're ok with extended wait time between glasses of wine, great. I'd recommend ordering a bottle of wine and being done with any further expectation of service. (Including water.)I've been visiting during off peak hours to ensure there would be no unnecessary wait time or standing around. (So, for example, 2pm for a lunch hour.) This is a wine bar. When you go, it would be nice to receive the wine you order. The last time we went I watched my wine sit at the bar. When my friend managed to flag down our server (fifteen minutes after we had placed our first order) what the status was he joked, "I can't squeeze the grapes." (If it had been convenient/easy for me to move quickly I would have picked it up myself. Crutches, not so much.)So not funny. I get it. You can get in the weeds. It's better to admit that.  But - maybe - call me crazy - check in your table more frequently the rest of the meal. We eventually were able to order a second a glass of wine. The wait time for vino was, alas, terrible.  I'm telling this story as an example of the service I've received as of late. There are others. I'm not sure what's happened or why. The upside to not having any table service (or much of it) is that you have ample time to speak to your table partners. Perfect for a date. Not so perfect if you're on a business lunch or in a rush at all. Another option for speedier service might be to sit at the bar. The bar isn't terribly huge but offers comfortable seating. The bartenders are wonderful.
5	So the bruschetta is pretty off the chain!
5	This place is one of my favorite eateries in town.  Their specialty is the bruchetta board with a choice of 4 that's enough to feed 2 people.  Consistently the food is amazing.  With a glass of my favorite muscato, I am a happy girl.  A rounded out meal must include their yum-mazing creme brulee.  The simple dessert is perfectly done, each time.  The service is great and the staff seems to work as a great team.  The Monday night Bruchetta and Wine special is really a great deal, but that also means it is very, very crowded.  I usually aim for lunch hours.
5	Postino has 3 locations around the Valley!  I've been to 2 of them now and the one thing you can say about Postino, they are an amazing place to dine/drink and they are very consistent with service, quality and ambiance.  We typically go the Postino on Central, however we dined here a couple of weeks ago with some friends and found them to be fantastic! I really like the patio area!! It was too cold for us on this trip however this is a "must come back" kinda of place just to enjoy a great meal on their patio!!Food~ if your dining for lunch go straight to the salads and/or bruschettas!!  Their portions are actually larger than you think and after you pick and choose some of the different ones to eat, you'll thank me for passing on the apps!!  However if you re dinning for dinner or have a larger group or a huge appetite, then go ahead and order some apps.  I suggest trying their Bella Postino~ warm artichoke dip and white bean hummus with assorted breads or their Butcher's Block~ with different artisan meats and cheeses served with Tuscan beans, olives, nuts and crostini.  Both are DELISH!  Bruschetta's~ here are some of our faves;  Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, the Smoked Salmon with Pesto is my go to!! The Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato is also a go to!  We also like to try their seasonal burchettas as well!  Paninis~ go for the prosciutto with brie or their Nine Iron with smoked bacon layered with grilled chicken, fresh burrata mozzarella, lettuce, beefsteak tomato and special sauce = nom.nom.nom!! Service~  our service was a little slower than what we are used to at their Central location however our server was very friendly, knew the menu well and tried her best to keep up.All in all it was a FANTASTIC experience!! My friends and I are looking forward to coming back on a Monday or Tuesday when they have their $20 special, a bottle of wine and burchetta ~ put me down for 2 please! I hope to see you there.
5	What a great place for focaccia bread. Yummy. Love the pesto sauce. I don't always like paying $12-14 for a glass of delectable red wine but sometimes it seems so worth it to blow a few twenties among friends. Its a great place to relax. Great ambience
4	Love this place on a Sunday afternoon. Music, wine and good bruschetta!
4	nice place
5	The ambiance, the happy hour, the wine selection, food and service is what makes this place top notch! Always have loved this place before I moved out of Arizona, and when I come into town, this place makes me feel back at home!
5	I have had nothing but delightful meals here.
5	Amazing Food and Atmosphere! Great for Couples. Sharing food is welcome and trendy here.
5	Good: Food was amazing. Atmosphere is awesome. All the different plates introduce you to a new way of experiencing  flavor combinations. Bad: A little pricy, but thats what you can expect from a  cool hip place. Don't go there to get full unless you want to break the bank. Mandatory parking sucks, because my truck is usually dirty, inside and out. I'm taking a star off myself for that. Conclusion: The bad isn't really bad, I'm just cheap. Someday when I'm rich and famous, I'll look at the check, laugh, and throw hundred dollar bills at the table and be like "Shut up and take my money!"
4	Great wine specials! Sunday's $5 glasses of wine and their Monday & Tuesday special of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 is amazing! It does get busy so don't go if you're in a hurry but it is worth a try.
4	What a great place to go.  Their bruschetta board is great.  Also made it for happy hour which is on wine and beer and it's fantastic.  The ambience is casual but classy.  Love the outdoor space.  Would definitely go again!
4	Wine and bruschetta are to die for. A hipsters paradise.
5	Two words:Prosciutto With Brie on Focaccia Bread.  Okay, that was a lot more than 2 words, but I don't care.  It was downright amazing; like my tastebuds were being dry humped by the best sandwich ever invented in the History of the World (Part II).
5	The best bruschetta ever.So many delicious  flavor combinations.Make a meal of it.Highly recommended..
4	Definitely a cool place for food & drinks. I got there at 11:30 am on Friday for a business lunch to find it pretty empty and quiet, and by 12:30 the place was packed and loud. Great indoor/outdoor spot with a variety of seating options (high top, bar, couches, regular tables, etc). The menu isn't giant but there are a lot of good things on it. The mixed salad is out of this world awesome - the crispy fennel, gorgonzola, and sweet nuts really is something else. The focaccia bread on the sandwiches is bomb. I had the only vegetarian sandwich option and it was pretty basic. I do wish they had a second vegetarian option that was a little more exciting than hummus/cukes/tomatoes.
1	Went yesterday for the first time. It gets one star because the food was yummy. Got the choose two- Nine Iron sandwich with Mediterranean salad. Very good. Lost a star because parking is horrible despite the free but really not free valet parking. Lost a star because I do not like eating up. Meaning the table was so low you have a lot of distance to the mouth and more opportunity to spill. Lost a star because I don't like eating in my living room. Why are restaurants now making their dining room a living room? If you want to do the sofa and chair thing do it outside. Not fond of high tops either. Lost a star because they opened the garage door. We chose to sit inside for a reason. They opened it and all of a sudden it was 60 degrees.
5	Eclectic, artsy, wine and cheese.Not much to say, if you can find a spot to park...You need to try.Bruschetta is world famous!The home brew iced tea is wonderful!Live music this Sunday, perfect Arizona weather, good company.Just a great eating experience!
4	You could sit down and watch all three Lord of the Rings movies in the time it takes to make it to the valet stand, but your patience will pay off.  Postino has a great selection of wine and the epic bruschetta menu is fitting of the parking experience-- long, complicated, and worth the wait.  I deducted a star because I find that the selection of other food lacks variety.  For example, they offer many salads that are terribly similar.  Yes, I know there are only so many variations on a salad but these just all blend together and become forgettable.  If you're going for wine and cheese and bruschetta, you won't be disappointed.  My precious!
5	Love love this place. Sooooo gooooooood!  Recommend highly,
5	Amazing
5	Pefect food.
4	I love their bruschetta and wine nights - it's always packed, but you can stand outside and have a bottle of wine brought to you while you wait. All of the bruschetta is amazing (that I've tried), and the atmosphere is young and fun. The only reason it gets four stars is because the music inside is really loud and difficult to talk over and the lighting is super low. No, I'm not old.
4	Perfect place to go hang out with a date or a group of friends. Been to both Arcadia and Postinos on Central. Brushetta is amazing and wine selection will not disappoint. Staff has been friendly at both locations as well.  Arcadia parking is a nightmare and Postinos on Central is bad but not horrible. Pricey unless you go during happy hour.
4	Cute little place in a very trendy area. The service and food here was awesome. The congestion with parking can be a bit of a pain, however, I did see that there was valet offered over there. I went for brunch on a weekend and there was an awesome one man band playing. I like to go visit here by myself to read a book and soak up the ambiance. I definitely recommend their soup and salad!
5	Ok! I have been here 100 + times and never given Postino a review! All I have to say is Postino's should be on everyone's bucket list of places to try once in your life. Everything on the menu is really good. My favorite of course is the Bruschetta board with all of them except Salmon. Nothing wrong with Salmon , I just don't care for Salmon period, but I'm sure its exquisite.  My husband I split a board with a Mediterranean Salad and Wine . All pairs well with wine or beer . Perfect place to hang out when its nice out which is almost year round.
5	I am a little biased as this is my favorite place for Girls Night Out dinner.  The Bruschetta is the best in Arizona and I never really stray from ordering that.  The vibe of the restaurant is very trendy in a down to earth way that you can feel comfortable spending some time eating and enjoying great wine.  I would recommend this place for a date or girls dinner.
5	I LOVE Postinos Arcadia! What's not to love about a beautiful, modern indoor-outdoor restaurant, with excellent paninis and bruschetta and a fabulous selection of wines by the glass?Reasons why I love Postinos, and you may too :)1) Great building with modern/chic decor - There's ample indoor and outdoor patio seating, and it's the perfect spot for lunch with the girls, or a date, or whatever! Parking can sometimes be tricky, but 9 out of 10 times, the valet guys will be there to help you (valet is free!)2) Butcher's Block Appetizer - $14 and well worth it and perfect to share - It's loaded with an assortment of artisan meats and cheeses served with tuscan beans, olives, nuts and crostini - Yum!3) Bruschetta - $14 for a choice of 3 - The bruschetta is made with beautiful thick, large slices of crispy, fresh bread, and topped with all sorts of delicious toppings. My favorites are 1) the Brie, Apples and Fig Spread, 2) Prosciutto with Figs and Mascapone and 3) Salami with Pesto4) The Wines! Great selection of wines ; there's something for everyone.5) Happy Hour! $5 glasses of wine/beer Everyday between 11am-5pm !
4	Tuesday nights can't go wrong. But don't try to find a parking spot. Great place for a date!
3	We started with the bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. It a great deal. I don't remember which ones we got but they were good. They were not my cup of tea though. My gf wanted and ordered them. I just had a few. But I'm a really picky eater. I don't like most things. But I could tell that most ppl seemed to really like them. Then I ordered the 9-iron sandwich. Like I said I'm a really picky eater. I don't like a lot of stuff. It was good and I can see if u want something different and unique how it would be good. But the cheese they used was weird and kinda gross to me. It was one if those weird name funky cheeses and that is the point but just not my kind if food.
4	Had lunch of soup and sandwich here and it was delicious!  My co-workers had bruschetta board and charcuterie/olive board.  Both looked like something I'd like to try next visit.  I'll be back.
5	Everything was amazing. We got the bruschetta: you get to pick for different kinds and a panini to share. We got the iron and it is giant and delicious. More than enough food for the two of us. The wine is great. We went for happy hour $5 a glass so we just got a bottle for $20 - I'll be back!
5	I love this place.  I love the location.  I love the food and the wine specials.  I especially love the brochette.  Yep, its pretty great there....
5	Postino's is reliably delightful.  Their ambience transports you to a Santa Monica meets Tuscany setting.  I always feel younger, lighter, and sassier when I go.  Get the bruschetta with the summer salad (has pine nuts, cherry tomatoes, and feta) which isn't listed on the menu.   The new brunch dishes are great too!  Love this Arcadia gem.
4	I love the atmosphere and the food. Not a fan of beer or wine as my only options. And I hate forced valet parking. If it weren't for the forced valet parking I would visit more often.
5	Best place in Arcadia!  $5 for 5 is a great deal where you can get any glass of wine for $5 before 5pm everyday.  Their food is delicious and it's in a cool building that used to be a post office.  Their patio is also dog friendly.  This is a great place to meet friends and day drink!
4	Great atmosphere and comfy outdoor patio seating. The bruschetta options were so delicious. The wine list provides a large selection of wine. The wait to be seated was a bit long but worth it. I will be back.
5	Arizona Golf I have used AZ Golf Xpress for several years now to help with tee times on buddy golf trips to Arizona, California and Nevada. I cannot express how pleased I have been with them. Even when changes have occurred unexpectedly they have reacted with professionalism and flexibility.  Their rates for golf in Arizona are hard to beat. Although I have not had the need to use them for accommodations I am sure that is as outstanding with that service as their tee time services.
4	AWESOME Bruschetta and great wines!
5	Love the atmosphere. Really great for date night. Best bruschetta ever! Fig and apples bruschetta is really good and the one with dates is also good. Everything there has great distinct flavor from the next thing. Sandwiches are pretty decent size and really tasty too. Great wine selection. Only thing is that the bruschetta and the sandwiches are so crispy that sometimes the roof of my mouth gets cut, but it's totally worth it.
5	I love this place!!!!  One of my favorites in the Phoenix metro area.  I mainly go here for the Bruschetta on Mon and Tues nights after 8pm for their $20 wine bottle and bruschetta board (feeds 2).  Favorite Bruschetta:  1 - Salmon, 2- Apple and Brie with Fig Jam, 3- Prosciutto, fig, and marscapone, 4- White Bean.  Honestly, I could eat there every single day.
5	Awesome topping combo's on the Bruschetta board and panini's are killer!
5	Very efficient and friendly staff, good wine selection, bruschetta and cheese plate are great!
5	Me and my wife LOVE this place! Great staff and great food. Atmosphere is fun!
5	This is the ideal place to go for a relaxing glass of wine & some food without the stuffiness. Great wine, great food, great atmosphere & great staff. What else is could you want ?! :)
5	Great food and drink! Great atmosphere! To die for Bruschetta and fantastic specials throughout the week. I only wish the restaurant was bigger to accommodate more people as it is not uncommon to have to wait quite a while for a table and there is really no where to sit or really even stand while you wait. However, the staff is great at getting you a drink while you wait either at the bar or if you're lucky enough to get a spot at one of their standing room only tables.
5	Very yummy! I love the bruschetta (of course). The music & atmosphere are always great, love this place! Not so fond of the valet, but whatever.
5	Romantic and great food
5	Love this little neighborhood and wish other places in the valley could replicate the character as well as the great food and wine list.  Bottle and a board of bruschetta on Monday and Tuesday nights along with a reservation for a party of 8? I think I'll get my gang together!  But I also love the open garage doors and the little patio!  Follow up with a walk through the LGO grocery and bakery and get yourself an MJ for dessert.  Perfect evening with friends!
5	I love this place. It's hip trendy and fun. The crowd is always fun to watch and I especially love love the olive canoe. It's my favorite. We had some great wine and great company and everyone I take to Postinos seems to really like it.
5	Very classy. And a classic.Not for a big dinner or a party over 10. Small group, small bites, share a bottle, maybe a cheese board; a guaranteed good time.They have beer too. Great beer.
1	Be warned gluten.... Went for happy hour expecting to have GF food. Postinos said they could do gluten-free before we were seated.Come to find out they could only do olives truly gf once they found out it was a true allergy. We were told by several different people that many items were gluten free; such as the sandwiches, but upon further questions about the meats, cheeses, etcetera being GF, they took back their reassurances. Close call to being poisoned!
5	awesome place and great crowd
5	I don't know why it took me so long to get here, but it was truly one of the best meals I've had in recent memory.  Shared the bruschetta with my bestie, then we each got the half sandwich and salad - I absolutely can't wait to go back.
4	Great food and ambiance. Postino Central will always be my favorite location.
2	The bruschetta was good as always, but the artichoke and bean dips were blah and the bread was hard enough to tear up my mouth. We asked for softer French bread they say sure and brought us 3 slices! When asked for more they brought us a bowl of the hard stuff, it was quite frustrating since the service overall was bad for us. We had a server who left right after taking our initial drink order and no new server took us on. We had to flag someone new every time we needed or wanted something since no one came to check on us and that was including our food order.  I plan to stick to the one in central from now on. I've always had excellent service there.
5	love the atmosphere, the wine, and the bruschetta! great girls night/ day spot!
4	Everything was phenomenal about this place except the wait time.
4	Love this place! Happy hour is great and extremely reasonable prices
3	Not as great as the hype. Bruscetta was okay. We got the white bean and tomato, smoked salmon, brie and apple, and artichoke spread. The artichoke was great and the others were okay but nothing special. Also had soup of the day, which was flavorful, mozzarella cheese and tomato salad, which had a great basil olive oil.The service was not good. Our waitress was aloof and barely waited for us to speak before she was walking away. Our appetizers came out with the main dish and took longer than what seemed necessary given the number of customers and what we ordered.Ambience is good...light and airy. Good for small groups and dates but not kids as its a wine bar...
3	Food is good for what they offer, wish they had more to choose from other than bruchetta, salads and sandwitches. I think that's a good menu for lunch, but if you dine there for dinner they should have a few entrees to choose from like a pasta dish or something more flavorful. When you eat sandwitches at dinner it just feels wrong, especially if you just have time for a dinner date. However what keeps people coming is the dim hip atmoshere, the open layout, the wine and the twinkle lighted patio. Parking is a bitch, so bring cash for the Valet.
4	I really enjoy their bruchetta. Their brunch is really good and the mimosas are tasty.
5	Yum. Can't beat the Monday/Tuesday special. Their bruschetta is mind-blowing! Parking is rough, but the complimentary Valet are always friendly. Definitely worth the crowd!
4	Great place to grab some wine.
5	I love, love, love this place.   The Bruscetta is fantastic.  It is such a great place to go and just relax, grab a bite, wine and chill.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  Try the red pepper bruscetta and the fig & proscuitto it is amazing!
5	I love the food hate the parking situation.
5	Our first and not our last visit. A great bottle of wine, soup and dinner! Bethany was the perfect wait staff, patiently walking us through the menu and wine list. A five star evening.
1	Not good ,, too small... n its overrated! who waits 1hr for a glass of wine., i would rather get a bottle n drink at home.
4	Love this place! Great food, super cool ambiance and can you say, "wine on tap"? Doens't get much better than that.
5	Another 5 starts for this wonderful restaurant!!  Not only do I love the food that's served here - I mean, best Bruschetta in town!!!  The customer service continues to WOW me everytime I visit!  I hosted my little sisters Bridal Shower here in the sofa lounge area of the restaurant and everyone just loved it.  There were 14 newbies to Postino Arcadia and they'll all be coming back to visit again!!  Thanks for helping me create such a memorable day for my baby sister!  She couldn't have been happier and that means the world to me :)
5	Love the food. Great food and great location. Some parking issues...but the valet made that problem go away.
5	Hands down one if the best restaurants in all of Arizona! Excellent food and atmosphere, Postino will quickly become one of your favorite places!
4	Great glass of Zin.  Wonderful ambiance and decor.
4	Parking is always a jam, but the food and atmosphere rocks.
5	I love Postino's! Great food, great staff! Get the bruschetta, you won't regret it!
4	We're probably the only people in town who haven't been to either Postino's. I don't know why it took us so long, but it won't be long before we go back, that's for sure. If you like wine, or even if you're not sure you like wine, you have to try this place. Huge variety and knowledgeable staff. Plus the food is delicious and the atmosphere relaxing and inviting.The afternoon we stopped in for lunch we ordered the half Panini and soup combo. Both the vegetarian and the Tuscan tuna sandwiches were really, really good. The bruschetta's that others nearby ordered all looked incredible - gotta come back for that!If you enjoy Spanish wine, the Lechuza is very nice.
5	The very best.  Plan and simple, can't beat positions!
5	Always a solid place to have a relaxing glass of wine and very casual laid back food! If you happen to visit the Phx area you should for sure add this place to your short list of stops!
5	You just can't go wrong with this place!! 20$ bottle of wine and board of bruschetta Monday &Tuesday.
5	So good! i ordered the bruschetta (delicious) and a panini! both were great! I also enjoyed their famous amazingly good moscato de asti !
4	What's there not to love about this place? Well, the parking sucks but that's why they entice you with valet. Other than that, on any given Monday or Tuesday, you won't find a better place filled with friendly staff, a collection of mesmerizing characters diversing over delish carbs that would destroy your waistline but then who's counting when you can lock eyes with the hottie across your bottle of wine? At $20 for a bruschetta board and bottle of wine, you really can't go wrong in kicking off your week on a happy note. During the rest of the week, it's good food with the ambience of a quaint spot reserved for good friends over long conversations. Noise level might be challenging for first dates, but I think it's fail proof if all you have is radio silence :)
5	OMG I love this place!  This is a favorite when I am hosting out of towners - it has been a hit every time!  I love love love love love the Bruschetta.  Usually we have made this a dinner spot, but a few weeks ago I went for Saturday lunch with my mom and her friend.  It was the perfect spot - they had the back walls opened up to outside and the atmosphere was fabulous for a social midday meal.  Other favorites on the menu are: prosciutto and brie panini and the mediterranean salad, add turkey.  Additionally, the wine selection is wonderful!
5	I have been going to Postino for years and they have the most consistent food and service you will find anywhere in the Valley.  I often get cravings for their Mediterranean salad and bruschetta.  Oh, don't forget the olives, too!
5	Love just about everything on the menu here!!!
5	Fantastic patio, fantastic bruchetta, italian picnic salad is great.  I could eat here every day.My only complaint is happy hour ends at 5pm.
5	Great place to eat and drink for happy happy happy hour! $5 wine and great bruschetta!
4	Nice place. Good food tastes fresh and light. No spirits as this place serves only beer and wine. PARKING IS HORRIBLE. Get valet!
5	I love Postino! There is nothing better than sitting outside on a lovely afternoon, sipping wine and munching on the best bruschetta board in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour, appetizers, wine and/or dinner, and I'll continue to go back often.
5	"DEO Entertainment Group Award #1 for 6TH Consecutive Year". DEO Entertainment Group has been selected for the 2014 Best of Goodyear Award in the Entertainment Promotion category by the U.S. Commerce Association (USCA). The USCA "Best of Local Business" Award Program recognizes outstanding local businesses throughout the country. Each year, the USCA identifies companies that they believe have achieved exceptional marketing success in their local community and business category. These are local companies that enhance the positive image of small business through service to their customers and community.Nationwide, only 1 in 1000 (less than one-tenth of 1%) 2014 Award recipients qualified as Five-Time Award Winners. Various sources of information were gathered and analyzed to choose the winners in each category. The 2014 USCA Award Program focuses on quality, not quantity. Winners are determined based on the information gathered both internally by the USCA and data provided by third parties. www.deogigs.com
5	Love this place. Wish I lived closer to go more often!!
5	Great food and boards
4	Cactus Moon is a nice little stop over by Cabela's on 202 and Dobson. I only go there to play poker with the Dream Dealers on Tuesdays. My regular order is  the pound of wings for $5 and then usually a Three Olive Vodka special. Lots of combos there, and all are tasty. There are TVs all around the place so now that baseball season is in swing you have no problems in seeing a game if its on. The service is friendly and the food comes up quick.
5	Awesome food and wine! This is my new Tuesday spot for their $20 bottle of wine and board of bruschetta!
5	Arcadia area is very cool and Postino fits right in
4	On a Monday/Tuesday night, if you time it right, Postino's is a neighborhood staple in Arcadia. The $20 for a bottle and board of bruschetta is a *steal*. As one of employee said, "How could you not order this?" while we waited for our table.  My friend and I arrived early to request a table for four. Perched on a tall side table we enjoyed a full view of the restaurant. Sipping not so daintily we quickly passed the 45 minute wait.  Once seated Bethany was a wonder. Our bill was seamlessly transferred and waters arrived. The neat thing about traveling in a pack of four is that, Yes, You Can drink three bottles of wine. What could possibly be better than that? It removes the need to think hard about the bruschetta menu. (There are 12 options so we had one of each brought out.)We surprised the fella in the group. He doubted that three bruschetta boards would be sufficient to feed his hungry belly. If you haven't been before, a bruschetta is palm sized and sliced into four pieces. Trust me, there's plenty. But if you're still hungry this is a wine bar and they have food. The panini selection is wonderful, I beg to argue the Nine Iron is the best.  (Bacon layered with grilled chicken, burrata mozzarella, lettuce, beefsteak tomato and dijonnaise!) Another approach, perhaps on another visit, is to order the Butchers Block (big assortment of meat and cheese) for $14 and/or the Cheese Board for $13.If for some reason wine is not up your alley, Postino's offers pitchers of beer. If you need to drink a cocktail...suck it up kid. That's not happening here. The Mon/Tue special begins at 8pm. I'd recommend scoring a table before the start time, even if that means buying some appetizers beforehand. Make sure to ask for Bethany! She's the sweetest thing!
5	I love Postino.  How can you not?  I love the $5 glasses of wine before 5:00.  I love the staff.  Tell them what you like and they make the most perfect recommendations.  And nothing beats the bruschetta- I get cravings for that stuff.  The whole staff rocks at this location.  Very different (and better) vibe than Central.
4	Great ambience in particular if the doors are open to the outside.  Bruschetta and charcuterie boards are both great and the wine is pretty reasonable.  Yum!
5	I love Postino! It is such a cute place for a date, girls dinner or anything! We had wine, bruschetta and a sandwich and it was all delicious! Will definitely be back!
5	amazing food, you literally can not go wrong with any of the bruschetta toppings. I even tried their seasonal one for kicks and it was delicious too..you will love it, but you will hate the wait.. still worth it.. especially the board and bottle deal.
5	I was excited to try this restaurant as cheese, bread, and wine are my favorite food groups, and I have to say, it didn't disappoint.  Thankfully, my friends are similarly like minded and we feasted on bruschetta, cheese plates, and assorted dips.  While not the most balanced of dinners, it was incredibly delicious.  I plan on coming back here and gorging on cheese the next time I'm in the area.
4	Another spot to get fail safe good food, the use of fresh ingredients and creative ways of using them make for a great time every time. I just wish less people would know about it so it wouldn't get so crowded at times, I guess a blessing in disguise.
5	great service, great food
4	Great place and fun environment . Be advised wait times can be 30 mins given during busiest hours . Tuesday board of Bruschetta and bottle of wine for 20$ totally worth it. Valet parking recommended , no major parking lot and can full quickly. Most of the time is loud inside .
2	Mandatory valet parking. Stuffy atmosphere. Mediocre bruschetta (especially for the price). The wine our waitress suggested was the only redeeming part of our experience. If you're in the area, try Ingo's instead.
4	Bruschetta and Panini sandwiches
5	My favorite of all the Postino locations. The service is always top-notch and the patio makes it possible to believe you're not in the desert. My only suggestion for improvement: make that amazing Roasted Red Pepper Gouda soup a daily offering. Truly the best soup ever.
5	I am such a fan of this place. Husband  (who is more fried food and french fries sort of guy ) took me as a surprise for a date night. WHOLY AWESOMENESS.  Great GREAT brushetta (Even the husband liked it) and a great wine menu. I think I ordered everything that was remotely vegetarian. DELICIOUS. Seriously. I hear there is one in my neck of the woods (Ahwatukee).. can't wait to visit.
5	Beautiful food and beautiful people at a great price.  Can't beat that.  $5 pitchers at happy hour.  I had the chicken & mozzarella panini.  It was delicious.
4	Really enjoyed this quaint little wine bar. Ambiance and decor were great, however it was dark so difficult to read the menu. The Waitress helped me pick out a good glass of red wine, although she liked more rose wines. The bruschetta was AMAZING!!! We tried a variety of the bruschetta: apple & bri, artichoke and prosciutto. Can't wait to go back!
5	This restaurant occupies an old post office on a quaint corner in a residential neighborhood. The menu is simple, mostly bruscettas and salads. I prefer going before 6pm when wine is $5. a glass. During the nice weather the door opens out to the patio and you can even bring your dog. The waitstaff are all friendly and there is no bad table. Don't walk, run!
5	Absolutely love this place. Great atmosphere. Nice wine selection too. The servers are very friendly and helpful with recommendations. Plus, their bruschetta is delish!
5	This is the original Postino, named because the building actually used to be an old post office.  I've actually been to all 3 locations now many times, and they're all great, and all have a huge wait Friday and Saturday night so be prepared for that.  The food is fantastic, the pub board, bruschetta, and paninis are all great.  Drinks are good as well, I'm just not a huge wine drinker.  If you want it to not be completely packed come in on a week night or in the afternoon.
4	Great food and atmosphere.  I suggest the "take two" lunch option.  I had the chicken salad with raspberry vinaigrette and roastbeef panini.  Both were great.  Service was friendly!
5	The best local wine pub if you're in the Arcadia/Biltmore area - seriously. Great paninis and bruschetta and of course ! don't forget the Red Wine ! yum try the Mozzerella and Chicken sandwich or the roasted red pepper w/ goat cheese on bread :)
5	Delicious going away dinner with my bf at postinos outdoor dining area. Besides the misters going crazy, our food was delicious! We ordered bruschetta - fig mascarpone with pistachios, prosciutto, salami, and pesto. All were delish! We also ordered the butchers block that came with asparagus, hummus, two cheeses, prosciutto, salami, almonds, candied cherries and more. I would go back for more!
4	Every time I go here, I really do just love it.  They do a great, consistent job. It is safe to bring clients or just have some fun with friends and family.
5	$5 happy hour? Craaaaazzzzzy. We had some amazing wine, and a pitcher (2 pints) of beer. Seriously, this place is great for casual, relaxing drinking. Also, the servers were really nice and welcoming. I really enjoyed this restaurant. Especially the complimentary valet.
5	My neighborhood spot! Great happy hour, service and vibe any day of the week. :)
5	I love Postinos.  Especially Monday and Tuesday nights when they have their $20 deal for a bottle of wine and bruschetta.  The tomato jam bruschetta is my favorite.  It's like eating dessert.  The only negative is the parking.  You have to valet your car.  However they do have a secret parking lot up the road that is just a short walk.  It's a little north of Cambpell on the west side of 40th street.
3	Enjoyed the dinner, but valet brought back my car with a ripped off rear view mirror.First response from valet was we weren't responsible.  The dinner was fresh tasting, but above put a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Whats not to LOVE! A valley staple, and a must try anytime you are in the area
4	great bruschettas!
4	I liked the bruschetta.  It was fun sitting outside and enjoying the atmosphere.  Very trendy.  It was nice enjoying a meal while catching up with my girlfriend here.
5	Best bruschetta in town. Quirky, affordable, delicious wine selections. Perfect location. Postino's is my go to spot for a first date, to catch up with girlfriends, or for a later post-work drink and snack. I've never had anything that wasn't delicious there (the food and the wine are excellent). A+ across the board.
3	It is a very nice place but they kinda have you waiting for a little long after you're sat down.
2	went on June 8th with some girlfriendswe sat at end of bar due to 25 min wait for table.Waiter had a condescending way of saying "you are going to eat here"?  Then later everyone got food except me, he said I did not order and I know I ordered first. The girls were confused about what to order so I also helped them choose and he said he thought I was sharing with them. He asked if I wanted to order, first I said no and then decided I would.Here is what ticked me off ..he said" I thought I would step back until you realized the stupid thing you said" I couldn't believe he would say that and from then on his service was absent.food was good but his behavior as a professional server was disappointing ....
4	I came here a couple times when I had a client in the area and I wish I had a chance to go more! We tried to go once during their happy hour one night and it was packed with a super long wait so we ended up not being able to stay. You could tell it was definitely the place to be. The bruschetta board was awesome and their salads are great too. The service was great, and they really want you to have the right wine that suits your tastes. You can even taste a little of the wine before you make a decision to choose one. I've been collecting wine corks for art projects and they gave me a whole wine bag full of them that I could take home with me. That was pretty awesome. I am definitely coming back to this place the next time I'm in Phoenix and definitely recommending it to my friends who visit Phoenix too!
5	my friend and i used to come here after hiking camelback.  you can't beat an excellent sandwich and sald w a crisp pitcher of beer or sangria.  we love the patio and the atmosphere along w the live musician they have on a sunday afternoon.
4	Superb customer service during our dinner at Postino Arcadia. There was not one person who was not smiling, friendly, helpful or customer focused. The host was busy when I came in so another server immediately jumped into help and seated our party. She then went and got us waters immediately while we waited for our server to come. We started with meal with the olives and then both had salads. I had the Hannah's Field Salad - Kale, quinoa, Fuji apple, apricot, toasted almonds, pecorino stagionato, and pickled red onion with apple cider-mustard vinaigrette. It was quite tasty, a little dry so maybe a splash more of vinaigrette, and the quinoa was cooked perfectly.  A nice blend of flavors and textures throughout. The place has a very nice wine, beer, beverage and cocktail list and you can even take a bottle of wine to go. The place looks like a converted gas station and they have outdoor seating and various seating areas inside.  Note:  Valet parking is $3 upon leaving.
4	Postino is delicious, reasonably priced and fun.  The only bummer is they don't have a full bar.
5	Monday and Tuesday nights they have a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. You can't beat that.  The bruschetta alone is normally $14.The servers were all very knowledgable about the menu and gave us great wine recommendations.
3	Great food. Unfortunately I haven't been back over here because it's so loud that it is impossible to have a conversation. I wish they would do something about it because I miss going there
4	I absolutely love positno! Has a very nice Ambience & Service is always great.  Great spot for a date or girls night out! Such a nice selection of wines. The only downside to this place would be that they don't have many options or dairy free or gluten free! Other than that it's a great place to sit and grab a glass of wine!
4	Great atmosphere and good food.  I had the roast beef panini and it was average, but the other stuff we ordered from the menu (e.g. bruschetta) was fantastic!  The service was outstanding.  Very relaxed place.
4	Postinos has some of the best bruschetta I've tasted. its a classy little bistro looking place with really good lemonade as well.  its not too expensive but its definitely not cheap either. I would recommend this for a lunch type of place but not too big of a dinner,
5	LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. What a great place this is! I mean wine and bruschetta? You can't get better then that!   On Mondays Tuesdays they have a bottle of house wine and a bruschetta for $20!! What a steal! The only down side those days WILL be busy but it's totally worth the wait! (And you can start drinking your wine while you wait. They have little tables you can stand around or sometimes areas you can sit!)The outside patio at night is to die for! But it can be a bit noisy! Wonderful "girl night" get together spot!
4	Postino Arcadia was better than expected on a recent  visit.  On the way back home from the airport my friend and I decided to stop for a nosh and wine.  When we got there late afternoon, we were welcomed immediately and cheerfully and seated promptly.  As soon as were seated, one of the wait staff brought us water and took our order for a bottle of Caparza.   It was a lovely Italian, a fill bodied Sangiovese Tuscan but not as murky as a Chianti.  It was delicious from the first sip to the last drop.  If you like Italian reds, this is a really good one.                                                                                           We next ordered our food and my friend ordered the bruschetta, I wanted a panini and settled on the autostrada.  One of Postino's delights is to choose your favorites when ordering the bruschetta s there are some wonderful choiced. He ended up with the salmon, caprese, artichoke and the green apple toasts. Each one offers a unique blend of flavors and no one does it better than Postino.  The Autostrada panini has all the right meats and cheeses but I am not a fan of the arugula and tomato.  I took those off and added them to my side salad and took a bite.  Each bite took me back to a stop I made on the way from Naples to Salerno where I had a similar panini with such wonderful flavors.                                                                                                                  The food and wine would earn this wonderful restaurant five stars but the Postino service by committee is not my favorite.  It creates uneven service and no one seems totally responsible for your table.  Other than that, Postino continues to be a wonderful gem in the Arcadia neighborhood and highly recommended.  This was a great improvement from my last visit.
5	Great apps, wine and beer.  Can get a little crowded, so get there early in the evening if you can!
5	Hands down the best wine bar in the Valley!  Food is phenomenal, ambiance & playlist is always great & the wine list is stellar & also constantly evolving.  We've ordered their bruschetta platter for parties & they're always a hit!  If you haven't been & enjoy wine you definitely need to go.  There are other locations but Arcadia is what I would consider the 'flagship' location.
5	Very trendy busy hot spot and for good reason. Yummy large chesse board with fruit nuts and bread, chicken noodle soup with real chicken and veggies :)
4	Everyone loves this place, it's always crowded, and their happy hour prices (wine, bruschetta, salad for $20 or something like that) keep everyone coming back. My fave bruschetta is their proscuitto one, just get 4 of those and you'll be good. What I don't like is that it's hard to get seating and there is a bit of an attitude with the staff, which is rare for Phoenix. Oh, and well after all, you're still eating bruschetta, one of the few things I can actually make myself at home.
4	We love Postino Arcadia and when we lived in Phoenix, we ate there all the time. The bruschetta is amazing. My absolute favorite is the fig, prosciutto, and marscapone but they're all delicious. We were there on July 4th and it wasn't crowded but the ambiance was still great. Service was so so (our waiter forgot my husband's beer multiple times and like I said, it wasn't crowded) but we've found the service to be really good every other time we've been there. I think it was just fluky. If you're only in Phoenix for a few days, I think Postino deserves to be on the short list of local restaurants to try.
5	Absolutely fantastic wine and bruschetta!!! I wish there was one in Denver!! This a must go!
5	I came here for lunch with a girlfriend last week and I have one thing to say:Errmahgerd, the bruschetta.I can be pretty picky when it comes to quality of food while I'm dining out. If I'm paying for it... I want it to be good. Anytime I visit Postino it never disappoints! Great atmosphere and delicious wine. Plus friendly service and fresh food. What more could you ask for?
5	Coworkers and I go here all the time for a quick lunch or happy hour. Great atmosphere, great service, great food.
5	Tuesdays are the best obvs thanks to their special. Not really a dinner place but great place to hang out and have a variety of wine selections.
5	Amazing wine selection AND $5 glasses during (a super long) happy hour. A great variety of bruschetta! My faves are the salmon w/pesto and the roasted red pepper w/goat cheese :) can't go wrong with any of the paninis either! The atmosphere is perfect for dates and lunch with the girls!
5	Postino is just plain awesome. We came in to great live music and a very busy restaurant and we were seated after a bit of waiting. The service is great even before you are eating. The waitresses and waiters are always very attentive and make sure that you are comfortable and satisfied. Because of the wait, our waitress brought us four varieties of bruschetta paid for by the restaurant! After we ordered we got our hot and delicious panini that were flavorful and perfectly portioned. The service continued to be great just like it should be with a private-owned business. If it were possible, I'd give 6 stars!!!! SO awesome!:)
4	Love me some Postino. The only problem is, so does everyone else and the wait can at times be excruciating. This restaurant serves up some of the tastiest bruschetta in town, which appeals to the masses. Seriously, it's hard for me to eat bruschetta anywhere else because of how amazing it is at Postino.They've also got some other good items on the menu like paninis, salads, and a variety of appetizers - I'd recommend the cheese board and/or the olives to start.Mondays & Tuesdays you'll need to get here early because they dish out the deal of $20 for a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board. The wait will easily be an hour if you get here late in the evening, not to mention the parking situation here is less than ideal.A great place for some casual conversation, a bottle of wine, and delicious food...but it's good to catch them at lunch or off peak hours when the whole neighborhood isn't in line to grab a table.
5	Oh. My. Bob!Two words: TOMATO JAM!!!I live in California -- The Bay Area. I recently went to Phoenix to see my best friend. She took me to the Arcadia Postino my first day there. We split the Bruschetta Board. My friend eats there all the time, so she picked the choices. I was 100% behind three of her choices and hugely timid to try the fourth choice -- the tomato jam. Let me say again. Oh. My. Bob. Words do not convey the splendiferously deliciousness of the tomato jam. Angels sang a chorus of hallelujah's and I'm pretty sure I had a mouthgasm on the spot. She barely got a bite before I horked the rest of it down. The rest of the food was great and the service was fantabulous but really it's all about the tomato jam for me. Tomato Jam! Tomato Jam!Now I'm back in the desolate tomato jam-Postino lacking wasteland of a place I call home and am jonesing for a tomato jam fix!  Best friend, shmest friend, I'm going to get my butt back to Phoenix ASAP just so I can have more Postino and tomato jam!!
4	This is one of three locations to enjoy bruchettas, pressed panini, and salads. I like to order the half salad and half sandwich. Italian picnic and raspberry chicken salads are my favorites. Chicken & mozzarella and the nine iron panini are my 2 faves.  You can't go wrong with any of the Bruschetta choices such as warm artichoke spread, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Smoked Salmon with Pesto, Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato. Come early to beat the rush hour of happy hour or you will be forced to wait a while. Come here on Monday and Tuesdays to enjoy the $20 bruchetta board and a bottle of wine! All locations have valet parking.
4	All aboard for Brunch!  We are a Sunday Morning look for a great breakfast kind of people.  Our best friends told us that this place in the Arcadia district was now serving Brunch from 9AM and to check it out.  We arrived like 9:15AM with much apprehension as we were the only couple in the place.  The menu was limited but looked decent.  Oh My Goodness!  My wife ordered the Ciabatta French Toast.  Now she claims to just hate Ciabatta bread, but she was not in the mood for eggs.  ***** That was the 5-star rating she gave the dish as it was (as she admitted) the best French Toast she ever tasted.  I on the other hand always go for the biggest dish, so I ordered their Farm Scramble - Eggs, potatoes, onions,  "secret"  herbs of some sort and two kinds of cheese.  It came with a  salad of mixed greens and cherry tomatoes.  I had to take the salad even though I don't "ever" have salad for breakfast.  I moved the salad to one side and licked off the fork .... The best tasting dressing I had tasted in years.  So I finished off the salad (that I never eat) and dug into the eggs ... Yum Yum Yum, I now have a new favorite breakfast dish.  You want a Mimosa to go with the meal?  Order  up.  We are going back this Sunday with our friends and I would highly recommend it to everyone.  A couple at another table told us that if we thought that the Brunch was good, we should come in for dinner as those meals were out of this world.  Oh .... by 9:45AM every seat in the restaurant was occupied.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Postino's !  I love the atmosphere, the wine selections, the servers... Postino's is my Spirit Animal.  Bruschetta boards are ahhhmazing!Please visit and experience for yourself...you'll understand my happy speechlessness
5	I have enjoyed Postino's for a long time.  The Monday and Tuesday night madness are for those who have the patience to have a great deal.  This location is great due to the patio and indoor seating.  I've always enjoyed the prosciutto with brie sandwich.  Try to bring cash when possible for valet.. Parking can get pretty crazy.  Service is always Outstanding!  Worth the drive and wait!
5	Good food, good service, nice atmosphere
5	This place has the best wednesdays in the valley! I love all of their bruschettas! I will always love this place!
5	The food and wine here are amazing. The atmosphere is so comforting, its a treat to come here. Oh and the bartender is wonderful! Super friendly and personable!
4	l love the bruschetta - sometime I will just get an order to go and eat it for dinner! The restaurant itself is really cute and trendy - I love the decor! I would have given 5 stars but sometime it gets a little noisy in there and a little hard to hear but other than that it is a fantastic place! This is probably not a good place for kids! If you want to bring your kids to go LGO!
5	We love Heather!
4	Came here for my birthday with my wife and some friends. All the photos of the food made me crazy hungry so we could not resist.Place looks like it could have been an old post office in another lifetime. Inside has been redecorated and there is a really nice patio for you outdoors folks. No need to check your mail here. Just order what looks good and they deliver it right to your table.Started with the Butcher's Block Starter plate and an ice cold Italian Beer. It was beautiful and tasty at the same time. Decided to go with the famous Bruschetta next. What did we not try is the question. There are so many choices.Brie & Apple with Fig Spread, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Warm Artichoke Spread, the yummy Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios and a few others that were not so great.We all enjoyed anything with Figs on it. The plates were very colorful and the quality of the food was very high and fresh. Sounds like a good portion of their products come from right here in the valley. Nice!Recommend coming here during the day and not at night. The lighting is very dim and we had to use a flashlight app on my phone to see the food and menu. Maybe I'm justing getting too old for the late night thing.Seen other reviews saying that the best areas to sit are on the patio or right between the inside and outdoor seating area. Not sure how that works when it is a crisp 118 degrees outside. I bet the cheese starts melting rather fast.Definitely a fun and enjoyable time. The Bruschetta is out of this world and a new favorite of mine. Looking forward to trying out some of the other locations. SALUTE!4.25 STARS
5	Great atmosphere and even better food. Order bruschetta (obviously) and make sure you get at least one prosciutto and fig in your flight! The Italian Picnic salad is amazing- goat cheese... bacon... I mean what more could you want?! The only downside is you're almost forced to use valet parking. Pretty annoying but hey, what can you do? Carry a couple bucks on you for the valet.
5	I LOVE Postino. I come here often with my girlfriends for lunch or bring my our of town friends for a nice hangout, $5 glass of wine at lunch and brochette to die for. Really, the best lunch in town. Service is always on top of it and friendly. Really outstanding. My one note was my last experience - I came in Saturday and had a very unpleasant experience with the valet manager -  Logan. He was being so rude and short with us we almost left ! All we asked was - since when they block all the spot when you turn in to Postino Arcadia as it used to be available to self part. If this was my first time coming to Postino - I probably would have... It was still great once we went it. As always is :-)
5	Favorite resturant in Phoenix!
5	Great neighborhood joint can't beat the bruschetta and a cold brew to relax and unwind.
5	LOVE this place. The food is always fantastic! Try the bruschetta board for sure, and usually the seasonal option is great. We went there last night and the service is simply amazing. My water was full the entire time I was there and the food came out very quickly. We arrived around 6pm and they were decently busy, but we didn't wait for a table which is nice. We have been to the Monday/Tuesday 8pm special before and that gets extremely busy. Make sure you arrive a little before 8 and you will probably wait a bit for a table but it's worth it! A board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20... can't beat that anywhere! Maybe one of the best aspects of this restaurant is that they do not upcharge bottles of wine 90% like many others do. The bottle is 3x the glass price, pretty great if you ask me!
5	It is amazing for happy hour. Decent prices, great atmosphere.
4	Love the name, makes me think if Il Postino, or Positano when looking quickly, both great Italian things.Followed the rave reviews to here, from Yelp and word of mouth. Expectations may have been off, as we came here for a nice dinner, but this place probably should be treated more as a trendy appetizer or drink spot. Great atmosphere and service, and at one point could picture having a large group together on the large seating area in the back. Not really sure what I'm missing though, the bruschetta was good-not-great, and if you don't feel like a salad or panini for an entree, your options seem limited. For a trendy drinking hole, there could've been a few more than 4 beers on tap. As tasty as Deschutes River Ale is, there are usually more options in most other bars that offer any craft beer. Didn't take a serious look at the wine list this time around. Trying many different kinds of bruschetta in one order was a nice way to taste many things, and appreciate that they were trying interesting ingredients such as the tomato spread, but again, nothing I'll be remembering or craving. Would like to try the butchers block if there's another visit. Didn't try the dessert, as La Grande Orange is right next door, and our loyalties are there for sweets. The outdoor patio looked inviting, and would like to kick it there when its not so Phoenix-y in the middle of summer. Would like to give it another shot some other time, but probably wouldn't wait in line to do so.
2	Stopped by when they first opened and wasn't very impressed. I'll admit I haven't been back for a second try, but here is the first experience:It wasn't crowded and service was extremely slow, staff seemed to be more interested in their own conversations than serving guests. Food was okay, nothing fantastic, portions were small and price was large. I'm not quite sure what all the hype has been about this place, but I might give it one more try before I totally write it off.
5	The butcher's block is always my go to. I sub the hummus for extra ricotta and soft baguette for the hard crispy toasts and it's fantastic every time.
5	Postino has been a long time favorite of mine.  Upward Projects has done many wonderful things since Postino - but they will always be my favorite.  The food is delicious and fresh, the atmosphere is relaxed and inviting.  $5 glasses of wine from 11 to 5p - what an amazing way to try a new flavor :)  Thank you again Positno for being my favorite place.
5	I had the best bruschetta here. The drinks were good and refreshing.The sandwiches and salad were fresh and delicious. The place looks like a bar but comfy and big. Service was quick and patient. Again, bruschetta not to miss
4	Love this place in our neighborhood! food are very healthy and delicious. We normally order bruchetta with figs and prosciutto.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in the valley. I typically go to the Gilbert location as I feel it's the largest but had brunch at this location on Sunday. The bruschetta is an absolute must whether you are there for dinner or weekend brunch. They have $5 mimosas and bellinis which are equally delicious, and a large wine selection. I have never had anything bad from the menu here!
5	This place is amazing! They have amazing food.. Love the Bruschetta plate. It's very filling and great for 2! Make it an evening, enjoy some wine, very cool place to hang out!
4	The food here is great. I have tried nearly ever type of bruschetta and haven't been disappointed- favorites include the tomato jam, salmon, and prosciutto fig. Also the chicken and mozzarella panini is one of my favorite sandwiches ever. The reason why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the service- sometimes it's good and sometimes it's just meh... Regardless, we keep going back for the delicious food.
5	Monday and Tuesday Bruschetta and Wine deals are where it's at!! Bruschetta is always on point!!
5	Always a good idea to go here. You can't miss. Great vibe, great food and great wine.
5	Fantastic food, excellent wine, great atmosphere. Whats not to love here? Excellent for romantic dates, or just a social gathering of friends.
5	Brunch is until 1pm. Scrambled eggs and bacon is very good!
4	Salami and Pesto Bruschetta is awesome. I like going during the week like Wednesday because its a little less hectic. Love it but Postino's gets mad crowded.  If you go for Sunday Brunch send someone ahead to get the table it will prevent angry hungry friends.
5	Yum!  So good, great service and food came quickly despite being really busy during lunch.  We loved it!  Salads are great and you can't miss the bruschetta!
5	Any opinion I could possibly have developed on Postino would just be a reiteration of something that's already been said several times already below, so I'll just add my vote in favor of this place.Delivers the hype *drops mic.*
3	the place is nice very hipster food  ok nothing to write home about needs a better beer selction with some more euro stuff
4	I went here with my girlfriends on a weekday at lunch time, and we were seated right away. The wine recommendations were excellent, and the food was great. I ordered the tomato and mozzarella as an entree, and it was delicious. My friends ordered a variety of food from salads to sandwiches, and we were all impressed. Great experience!
4	Only missing a star because of parking. The food (esp. the bruschetta) is excellent!
5	Absolutely love this place! The food is amazing. So full of flavor and each meal is prepared with careful attention to detail with the freshest ingredients. Always trying new wine with great recommendations from the staff. All that combined with a fair price & terrific customer service will always keep me coming back!
4	My first dinner in Phoenix turned out to be a very good one thanks to Postino Arcadia. It's classy yet casual, good for dinner (if you're more of a snack person) and relaxed despite the more dressy ambience. Each bruschetta used what tasted like locally sourced seasonal vegetables. I especially loved the Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomatoes bruschetta (of course, you can never go wrong with BURRATA!). The waiter also made an excellent recommendation for beer (dark beer lover speaking). I forget the name but ask for the darkest beer and you won't be disappointed. Overall, a refreshing first time dining experience in Phoenix!
3	Honestly, I want to like this place more. They have a great wine menu, but I was here recently and the waitress seemed in a hurry to be done with our table (we were 2 quiet people, by the way). Also, there is no need for valet parking. Just another thing to worry about for the customer, and kind of a rip off. Next time I'll park a few blocks away.
4	I really enjoyed this place, and my expectations were moderately high since this wine bar is considered Yelp's 100 best places to eat.I came solo and had a leisurely lunch where I wanted to order both a selection of bruschetta and half-sandwich and salad combo, but upon the waiter's recommendation I just sampled one of the bruschetta - the warm artichoke spread, which was incredible, though I gotta admit it didn't come out that warm.  It tasted like it had been sitting in the kitchen for a while before waitstaff had gotten around to picking it up and delivering it to me. Ultimately it came out kind of cold, but it was still incredibly good, so I can't complain too much (except I can because I'm Korean like that and prefer it when my food is hot off the fire hot and my drinks are icy cold).I also had a glass of white wine which was completely forgettable, Hannah's field salad, and 1/2 Tuscan Tuna Sandwich.  I don't typically go for tuna sandwiches, but it sounded perfect, and the pickles and the mustard added just the right hint of piquancy.  The salad was nice too, though a little sweet for my tastes; all in all, it paired nicely with the tuna sandwich.  I love the kale and quinoa combo.  This is a fun place to come with friends, so that you can share all of the different types of bruschetta.  If I came back and didn't order anything but a few different bruschetta, I wouldn't feel like I missed out. :)
5	I just moved to Dallas, TX from Phoenix, and my husband and I have been constantly seeking something that is HALF as good as a Postinos. Not only is the wine selection great, but the bruschetta is life changing. I always ask for the servers favorite vegetarian options.Try the creme brulee (and thank me later!)
3	Been wanting to eat here for a long time since I frequently go to LGO,  Chelsea Kitchen and Ingo Tasty Foods.Ate here on a Sunday after church,  not to busy as compared to dinner time.Valet service for the car which parking is very limited. Not a drinker of wine or beer so automatically limited our choices of the place which very much revolves around the wine selection. Had the Autostrada Panini with the salad and the food was just not that great tasting. There was barely any meat in the sandwich. The Panini was ok but the combination of dressing and meat was not to my taste. I could see how this place could have a great concept with the wine bar, but for food they need to put more effort and expand the menu.
4	It has a nice place that I can recommend to my friends who needs to drink and to unwind. To eat and to relax. The food is good. Personally, I love Autostrada Panini.
5	Postinos is a great place to go!They have a great selection of bruschettas..They also have a great brunch on the weekends. Their catering is also great, as my sister used them for my bridal shower. Great wine, food, and atmosphere... love it.
5	Absolutely spectacular, as always. I only wish I had a bottomless tummy cuz I don't want to stop eating here. Ever. Keep it up guys !
5	Great vibe, great food, great wine. Get there early.
5	Based on yelp reviews, I decided to drop in for a quick weekday solo lunch. I ordered the quinoa salad, which was light and tasty (also a great value at $5 for the half salad). I also ordered the tomato jam and artichoke spread flatbreads to try. The flatbreads are more of a bruschetta (served on toasted baguette) rather than a traditional flatbread. I was actually pleasantly surprised and ate those up like nobody's business. I do wish the tomato jam had a tad of spice to it, because it did get too sweet in a weird way. Regardless, I can't wait to come back and try more flatbreads. Come early because by 11:45am the parking lot was full (though there is mandatory valet).
4	Had my birthday lunch here! It was so good and the prosecco was amazing (and only $5). I love Postinos and thier bruschetta boards. I got a sandwich- the nine iron. It was good my only complaint is that the sauce must've been on the bread for a bit. It was very soggy on the bottom. Also, our server was nice and laid back- almost too laid back. My friend had to go back to work and it took him 20 mins to come and get her card so she could leave.
4	Quite delicious.  Plating looked great.  Service was a tad bit off so I took a star.  Great establishment otherwise.
5	Love, love, love this place :)
5	Parking is an issue so you will need to valet.  Great soup, sandwiches and bruchettaLove this wine bar.  Date night or girlfriend place. This is a city treasure
4	I doubt there is much else I can say about this place that hasn't been said. It is an easy place to love; the bruschetta, the salads, the wine, the service...it seems that they really have perfected it. Anytime this place comes up in a conversation on whether or not to go, my answer will always be Yes, Yes, YES!!!
5	Fabulous! Always a great experience!
3	First of all I'm starting off by giving it three stars because I think it is crazy that the parking lot is as small as it is and that it is valet parking!! Our waiter had absolutely no sense of humor whatsoever and had to make the comment that he was leaving shortly as if he was glad not to have us as customers.  Seriously, we were 3 50 year old women!! Since it was 4 o'clock in the afternoon we decided that we would just have some wine and bruschetta.  The wine was a Moscato and it actually was very good but I wish the waitress would know enough to put it on ice. My cousin who is a pretty aggressive person, asked for a bucket with ice. It has been quite a few years since I've been here and the bruschetta was definitely not as good as I remembered it.  There were a couple of standouts and then there were some that were just meh. Are tab was ninety dollars, and for that amount I would have expected a lot more. I think this place is a great hangout for people who live in the area or for those who want to be seen in a trendy restaurant. With so many new restaurants opening up I don't think I will be visiting this one for a long time.
5	Oh my goodness,  I love this place, but must admit that it can be frustrating trying to get a seat.  It is well worth the wait.A favorite thing for me is that you get a chance to try some awesome wines, and if you like you can buy a bottle or two while you are there.
5	Definitely one of my favorite places because they have great wine and yummy bruschetta! I've brought family, new friends and pretty much everyone here. We always get the bruschetta here! It's the perfect sharing plate. The live music is a plus when they have it and it's just a chill environment.
5	The bruschetta here is seriously wonderful. I try to avoid gluten so I tried the gluten free bread tonight and it was fabulous! I would definitely recommend the prosciutto and fig as well as the warm artichoke - they are so good. It's a fun wine selection and a great atmosphere.
5	Postinos Arcadia is a fun, stylish and consistent location. We were greeted immediately when walking in from the Manager Jaime, she was kind and quickly showed us our seats. The entire wait staff was prompt and efficient. We went with the Butchers Block and the Bruschetta Board. Both were amazing! We have been coming to Postinos for years now and have tried a few locations. This one seems to be our favorite. I would like to say a special thanks to Jaime who not only was the first one to greet us immediately walking in but was also the last one to show us out. She was certainly on top of her game and it was reflected by her staff. By far our best experience yet.
5	My favorite place!!  Bruschetta is amazing and I love the Italian Picnic salad.  Service is always great.
5	After a long day of rock-climbing, we were looking for a place to sip some wine and order a few hors d'oeuvres. According to Yelp, Postino's seemed like a suitable choice.It didn't take long before we were raving about our choice. Postino's nailed everything. The setting was casual yet sophisticated with outdoor seating heated via lamp. The wine (or mimosa for me) were delicious. The main sell is their bruschetta. For $14, you can choose four different set of toppings out of a list of eight or so. Each one is spectacular from the prosciutto & mascarpone to the salmon and pesto. The butcher block is an equally tantalizing option--quite possibly the best goat cheese around. Finally, if you aren't convinced yet, the happy hour specials are more than a mere $1 wells. Stop by, you won't regret it.
4	I met a friend here for lunch. I had been to the Postino restaurant on Central but this was a first for the one in Arcadia. Originally, I was skeptical to go here for lunch because I knew the parking wasn't great. I ended up valeting my car... Postino is a great restaurant. The service was great along with the food. The waiters didn't come around too much which is good when your having a conversation with a friend. Keep up the good work!!
4	I enjoyed this place! My husband and I met another couple here for dinner. We got 4 types of bruschetta- the seasonal, goat cheese with peppers, one with prosciutto, figs, and marscapone, and Brie apple and fig. All 4 were amazing!! I ordered a salad and the broccoli cheese soup. They were both good, but overshadowed by the amazing bruschetta. They had a very nice wine and beer selection. We saw on the patio under a heater and that made for a very nice ambiance. It took me a bit to catch on that we didn't have just one server, but that all the servers help all the tables. All in all- I would definitely go back!
4	Great place, great food...but lot's of bread on the menu which is the only discrepancy. Very charming.
3	I came here to meet a friend who I hadn't seen in ages. Some how the waitress assumed we just needed to catch up and decided, on her own, to not ask us for drinks or food for a solid 40 minutes. My friend, who works in the food industry, strongly insisted we should walk out. I insisted we stay because I'd been itching for some bruschetta. Finally, when this waitress noticed us we ordered. Food was decent, wine was great, Sub-par service. Love the neighborhood and the atmosphere. Might be back, but I have no strong desire to.
5	My husband and I went to Postino for a dinner date during a recent weekend trip to Phoenix. It wasn't quite what we expected--we'd assumed it was the kind of Italian place where you could get a glass of wine and a plate of pasta--but we had a great time.Our reservation was for eight o'clock on a Saturday night, and the place was busy but comfortable. It felt intimate and not too crowded. The lighting was low, and the space was warm and charming. A great go-to date spot. Service was great. Our waitress was friendly and helpful, and we were well taken care of.Postino is more a wine bar than a full sit-down restaurant, with reasonably priced bottles and a menu that consists of large format antipasti and paninis. We ordered a bottle of Canto Sur, a red blend of mostly cabernet and carmenere. You can get wines by the glass here, but the bottle prices are only three times the glass prices, putting most of the bottles in the high twenties/low thirties range. We were happy with the wine. We also ordered a few antipasti and tried to order paninis for our dinner when our waitress stopped us--she said what we thought were antipastis would fill us up plenty, and she was absolutely right.Granted, we were planning to order a pretty big spread of appetizers. We shared the butcher's block, the pub board, and a selection of four bruschetta. Did not realize that each of these boards would be gigantic. Everything was delicious. The butcher's block came with plenty of meat--prosciutto, coppa, salami, and peppered salami--along with goat cheese and white bean hummus. There was crostini, of course, and a huge assortment of great accompaniments--olives, dried cranberries, almonds, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, smoked yellow tomatoes, and three kinds of pickle.The pub board brought another huge spread, this one of MJ's soft pretzels, Scrheiner's chorizo, cornichons, aged cheddar, and giant Spanish corn nuts. It was fun to mix and match everything on these boards, and it was all fantastic. The bruschetta seems to be the main draw of Postino, but I didn't understand why until our selection arrived. We opted to order four of them for $14, and were expecting bruschetta sized like bruschetta. These were more like full-on flatbreads, with the four bruschetta adding up to about a pizza in volume. We had the tomato jam and fresh sheep's milk cheese, the salami with pesto, the prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, and the burrata, bacon, arugula, and tomato. Not a dud in the bunch--loved all the meat, and the tangy cheese with the sweet tomato jam was perfect on its own.We took great pleasure in our feast of antipasti and wine. We ate with our hands and enjoyed the variety. I'd love to go back to Postino next time I'm in Phoenix. I'd be a regular if I lived in town.
5	What a great place with awesome service! Good was fresh, bruschetta was amazing! Perfect place!!!
5	So wow. This place was amazing. Food, service, decor, Postino's has everything. I went here with my husband after rock climbing the camel back mountain.  At first this place kind of threw us off. It has a free valet which made us think our dirty hiking gear apparel would get us snubbed, and everything would be super expensive. I'm sure you have gathered based on the five star rating this was not the case. The gold diggers of Scottsdale were in attendance decked out in Lululemon, to class down the dress code.  To the food: We got two plates of bruschetta, and after basically licking the plate clean we got their meat and cheese butcher block plate. All the bruschetta was amazing--super flavorful and used very fresh ingredients.  We also got some wine and a mimosa, fantastic as well. One of our bruschettas was missing an end, the waitress told us that more would be out soon to make up for the missing piece. Soon afterwards, another server brought it with a little extra added, making for no complaints on our end.I loved the ambiance. Its really cool and classy with lots of character. You can dress up or wear hiking gear. It also has garage doors to hang outside on those warm-weathered days (basically everyday in Scottsdale!). Complete with heater and misters for the summer.  Amazing all around, so chick this place out.
5	Love it here!  The bruschetta is amazing! The only thing is the lack of parking and the long waits but I guess more people feel like me. It's worth the wait. Just be sure to have cash on you because they do have valet.
