5	What an outstanding opening party today... on St. Patty's day, none the less!They opened for a select group of visitors from 2-6pm today and it included wine/beer and bruschetta for a cost of $25.  What a way to start off in the neighborhood!I noted an excellent staff - friendly, prompt, and definitely well prepared for the onset of traffic that has been long awaiting the opening of this place.  Even when there were gobs of people in line for food and drink, they were kind, smiley and very up-beat.The food was, as always, outstanding.  Great bruschetta variety and an impressive display of wines.I'm excited this opened up in our neighborhood and I can't wait to come here again!
5	Postino never disappoints. I'm thrilled with their new downtown Gilbert location but more over their delicious bruschettas and excellent service. I went here for the opening party on St. Patrick's Day and had a fabulous time. The wine selection is, as always, superb.
5	I've been driving by this place for months waiting for it to open.  I'm so happy it's finally here.  It's just as awesome as all the other Postino's.  Bruschetta boards, awesome.  Wine, awesome. Ambiance, awesome.  Liberty Market and the Farmhouse are both hot spots across the street so parking will be tricky around there.  I'm not looking forward to fighting the crowds - which are inevitable but worth it!
5	Postino's in Gilbert was stunning! Amazing outdoor/indoor chic atmosphere.  Food and wine were excellent as expected! What another great addition to the Postino family! Loved it!!!!!
5	About damn time.Anybody who's been to Postino Arcadia or Postino Central knows what to expect from a Postino restaurant:  great wine selection, incredible food, and a modern but relaxed atmosphere.Postino East hits it out of the park as to each.  We went on opening day at 5:00, and managed to snag a table inside (it was COLD outside that day).  Service was snappy, especially considering it was the first day and super crowded.  My wife ordered a couple of bellini's and I had a "personal pitcher" (couple of pints) of Hop Knot IPA.  The kids split a mixed plate of turkey, apples, grapes and bread, along with fresh made lemonade.I had a half Raspberry Chicken salad and a half of the Turkey Panini, and my wife had the same sandwich.  Food was excellent all around.  The Turkey Panini comes on your choice of ciabatta or foccacia bread, and has a wonderful pesto sauce on it.  It's really good.We didn't even order the bruschetta, which we've had at Postino Central and which can't be beat.  Next time, for sure.For our next visit we'll probably go between 11:00 and 5:00 pm, because there are $5 wines and personal pitchers of beer, every day of the week during those times.  We'll also hit it after movies, as it's open until Midnight every day of the week except Sunday (when it is still open until 11:00!)They did a great job with the redesign.  The place is not large, but is a decent size, and has a nice modern wine-bar feel to it.  It's very comfortable.Welcome to the east valley, Postino.  Please stay a while!
5	I have 1 word to sum up our visit to this new Postino location: phenomenal.This was my first time to a Postino, and they made very good first impression.It was already packed at 5pm, and we had to wait for 45 minutes for a table, but that was fine because we grabbed 2 seats at the bar. The service was outstanding from the get go. There was several bar tenders working, and they were all over making sure people had the wine or beer they needed, and very friendly to boot. After hanging out there for a bit, the guy who helped us asked when our table was supposed to be ready. He said if it wasn't ready soon, he'd buy us a round (you don't hear that at other establishments!)! Just after that we moved to our table, where we enjoyed a very tasty and healthy Butcher's Block (meats, cheeses, olives, etc) and an autostrada panini (essentially an italian panini). Both of those were outstanding, not too filling, but fresh, healthy, and different. The wine and beer (couple of micro-brews) we had was great.Service was outstanding, food was great, and ambiance was unique too! We're already making plans with friends to get back.
3	Hate to rain on the parade but our experience tonight at the Gilbert location was disappointing.  We have been to the Arcadia location many times and count it as one of our favorite eating destinations in Phoenix. However, a combination of problems added a sour note to an otherwise nice evening.  The first problem -- apparently the kitchen lost track of our salad -- would have been understandable for a new operation.  Plus, to their credit, Postino did not charge for the salad.  However, our server compounded the problem by trying to close our bill while we were enjoying our meal culminating with her giving us our check before I had finished eating said salad.  Not only did we feel rushed out of the restaurant but we had intended to order dessert!I have always admired the wait staff at the Arcadia location for their professionalism that seemed to support a relaxing and enjoyable dining experience. The Gilbert location stumbled on both accounts.  We'll assume this new operation will resolve these bugs and hope to return to this location.  Afterall, the bruschetta is delicious, the wine list is extensive, and the yet-to-be-tried salty caramel sundae is too enticing to avoid.
5	Not only was the service impeccable and the atmosphere ideal, but the food was beyond amazing.I arrived there with three others, and we were immediately greeted by one of their many amazing servers. We wanted a patio table since it was so nice out, but were told we would have to wait until one was available...which was perfectly fine. We were then asked for our drink order, and were served some amazing $5 glasses of wine (for happy hour) right away. We were quite impressed, because everyone was so willing to help us while we were waiting on our table. We were probably asked from 4 different servers if they could get us anything.We were then seated on the patio, and ordered several orders of bruschetta, which is the best I've ever had. The four of us shared two orders, and were beyond stuffed, yet felt compelled to order the hummus and artichoke dips. To die for as well.All in all, it was a great experience, and even though I am not a Phoenix area native, I will be back for more. Bravo.
5	My wife and I have been making the trek to Arcadia for years now and have always said "if they ever put a Postino in Gilbert, it would be game over."  Diary read - it's happened!  The place has always been known for great wine selection, unbeatable bruschetta, and friendly service, and the new Gilbert location definitely doesn't disappoint.  They have a friendly response to every question and a recommendation for every taste; they simply don't care if you're a wine expert or a first time visitor, they are just happy you're there.It's so nice to have a chic place like this in downtown Gilbert.  As we drove through on Friday night, the downtown area was bustling with couples and families alike.  Milling around between the "Big 3" of Liberty Market, Joe's BBQ, and Postino, and there was a sense of buzz and community - it was very exciting to see.  A few recommendations:1. Don't be afraid of the "Tomato Jam" Bruschetta.  It's delicious and, while it sounds strange, is arguably their best board.2. Every day (yes, even on the weekends) between 11am and 5pm they offer $5 glasses of wine and pitchers of beer.  We're not talking cheap wine and Bud Light either.  ANY glass of wine and beer is up for grabs, so spoil yourself a little bit!3. If it's just two of you, take a seat at the bar and strike up a conversation with the bartenders and the fellow wine-goers.  We've done this at each location and have found ourselves enjoying our time better than just getting tucked away by ourselves.4. The Salted Caramel Sundae is the best dessert in town.  Period.Have fun and make a night of it - you'll be glad you did!
4	Congratulations on opening the Gilbert location. Glad to see you guys making the shift to the far East Valley. As to be expected, the bruschetta was great. We really enjoyed the Syrah and the Sangiovese. It's really hard to beat the $5 glass/pitcher deal before 5pm, and the board + bottle ($20) on Monday and Tuesday night make for the perfect date night, though it can prove to create a long wait.It was nice to see staff from the other locations making the move out here. Small mishaps and things that get confused in the midst of opening a new restaurant are bound to happen. No worries though, we've been 5 times in the first 10 days, showing that you guys are right on target. Looking forward to getting to know the staff and becoming weekly regulars.
5	Went there for lunch on March 27 and was part of a large group of 10 and was very pleased with the meal and the service.  The wait-staff were really first rate and very attentive to all of our needs.My chicken salad was very tasty.  I liked my panini..but it lacked a little in taste.  There was a little mistake on one of our orders, but managment brought over a plate of chicken salad to sample while waiting for the order to be corrected....GREAT customer service!It is so pleasant to have such nice service...especially when you consider the "herd you in" and serve yourself service that is offered in establishments on two other corners of this intersection.Good luck Postino!
4	Seems to be a classy new wine bar in Gilbert...food was good an patio is nicely laid out!
5	It's so nice to have a Postino closer to home.  I'm not a "wine guy" but I still love Postino.  We had the pretzel board, Nine Iron Panini, bruchetta, cheese board, etc.  All excellent.  Postino East was packed and rockin when we were there last week.  We saw lots of people we knew, how cool.
2	Waiting two hours just to get two chairs without a table? No thanks..I'll come back in a few months when the shiny wears off a bit. We had high hopes based on the PHX location, but if you're making we wait two hours to get seated, you should let me know ahead of time that we could end p without an actual table when we get seated. The antipasti at the bar was good, but I'll come back and give a more thorough evaluating. Until then, Liberty Market still wins in service without having actual table service.
5	Service was attentive.The food ambrosial.
4	Delicious food.  If you are opting out of wine, try the cucumber honey lemonade.  It is so crisp and refreshing!  You cannot go wrong with the bruschetta--my favorite is the roasted pepper and goat cheese.  I could have done without the toddlers on either side of us, but hey, when in Gilbert.
4	We were impressed and will return. The service was impeccable. They managed a large crowd with ease. It was nice to hang out with my beau and people watch in downtown Gilbert. We would like to try a Monday/Tuesday night special next.Our first bottle of wine was a Spanish white. It was a great pairing with the bruschetta. The  white bean and traditional were my favorites. We tried the dips because we were ravenous and the 2.5 hour wait to get inside where they served the full menu wasn't going to work. The  artichoke and hummus dips were good, not great,  so I wouldn't order them again,  but the bruschetta...ahhh!The second bottle of white  recommended by the manager was undrinkable. I wouldn't use it in cooking or for vinegar either. It is the first time we ever sent wine back, anywhere. The price and screw cap should have been a clue. But hey, screw caps are in vogue these days;, but I digress. I will be far more careful next time since I assumed they would not include gut rot in their selections. It's name was Domaine something... the manager did omit the swill from our bill.Nice to have a place like this in our neck of the woods. FYI, don't park in the adjacent "the ride and share" lot and plan on keeping your car there over a Friday night. The next day is the Farmers Market, it will be held hostage until the market is over and/or have produce displayed on the hood since it'll be right smack in the way. Welcome to Gilbert Postino's. It's a  really great date night spot and a walk away from home.
4	Went here for brunch Sunday morning with my 4 girlfriends. Wow. This place is great! Can't beat the $5 wine! I ordered a glass of the seasonal white blend - to die for! The bruschetta was amazing. My girlfriends ordered some salads and paninis, which were also fantastic. Food quality is impeccable. Love the laid back hipster atmosphere. We sat on the patio and it was lovely. Our server (Drew) was so cute and had a great personality and really knew how to take care of us persnickety ladies :)The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it took FOREVER for our food to come out. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt since it just opened and they're probably still getting the kinks out. But everything else was 100% perfect. I will definitely return. So happy they are in the east valley!
5	This place is great. it's busy, but the atmosphere, while more modern, has a similar feel to the Arcadia location. Tonight we had quite slow service to start and the apologetic server comped our first round of drinks even though we weren't angry about it. I really appreciate that level of customer  service...it's a lost art. the food was wonderful and the beer prices were extremely reasonable.
5	I love postino and this location! The servers are super nice and the place is beautiful!
5	Restaurant was absolutely packed on a Thursday night.  We found our way to the hostess station and was informed the wait was 90 minutes.  Normally this would make me crazy and would never consider waiting that long but fortunately the bar was the perfect place to hang out, drink and socialize while waiting.  At the 35 minute mark we were offered our table.  I guess the idea is to under promise and over deliver.  Every employee we encountered was friendly and made us feel welcome despite what a madhouse the place was.  The remodel is spot on as most of the original building has been transformed.  On an unrelated note, beware of the speed trap along Gilbert road.  We were seated at a street side patio table and watched a motorcycle cop pulling people over, one after the other.  The speed limit is 25mph and it seems the Gilbert PD takes the speed limit very seriously.
5	Wow! Came here on a Sunday for lunch. It was busy but not packed, which was nice. The wait staff was awesome. Friendly and attentive. We ordered the cheese platter and split a panini. It was pretty big! The cheese platter was wonderful - but I love cheese - and the nuts and dried fruit complimented it perfectly. We didn't order any wine, a mistake that, I'm sure, will be remedied on the next visit.
4	I had a great time! We ordered the cheese plate and it was amazing with huge chunks of cheese, the only thing I didn't like is we didn't have enough bread for all of the cheese! I should have asked but I also would expect the waiter to notice that we were out with lots of cheese left, and it's not cheese you can just eat with your  fingers. I love that there were fresh grapes on the platter and a bunch of munchies like almonds, dried cranberries and apricots. Water was always full too so that's a plus. My aunt and cousin ordered the sparkling sauvignon blanc (recommended by me because I thought it might be good) they seemed to enjoy it! The only reason I took away one star is because I didn't feel like the service was exceptional, he didn't spend a lot of time with our table and asked quickly if my aunt wanted another glass of wine and she said no so he quickly asked if we wanted the bill. I wish he had asked if we wanted dessert because I completely forgot that I wanted dessert!I will be back for sure!
4	Since when did a wine place become a kids place. Went with the lady on a sunday at about 10:45. By noon we were surrounded by moms with 2-3 kids all over the place. One even had a bunch of baby food with her, Tacky!!!! Other then that, place is great. Had the butcher block. Def be back. Hopefully this time its not "bring your kid day" at the wine bar.
5	Perfect!
5	Hip and happening has come to Gilbert. Great wine and interesting dishes. Nice place to hang out on a week night - packed on Friday and Saturday though
5	Good drink specials and yummy appetizers, great music playing and very attractive servers - could not complain a bit!  They were really nice and accommodating to our large group.  Really nice day at this place.  Wish they had their misters installed though!
5	Thank You!!! Thank You !! A beautiful wine cafe finally here in Gilbert.  The space has beautifully contemporary design and the food and wine are fantastic.  If you are anywhere remotely close to Gilbert, It is a must see!!   They have an eclectic wine list and have great bruschetta boards with an array of different bruschettas to chose from, they also serve gourmet sandwiches.  Monday and Tuesday they have a special when you purchase a bottle you receive a free Bruschetta board GRATIS!!!!  Really!!!   Nestled in the Old Town (downtown) part of Gilbert, there is a lot going on here with great local owned shops and restaurants!!  Just across the street on Saturdays they have the Gilbert Farmers Market.   So shop around and pop in for a little vino!!!  Spread the Word!!! Postinos in Gilbert!!  Yes!!! It is True!!!
4	I have been here a few times since they opened.  The wine is terrific, the food delicious but boy was it crowded! I have gone with large groups and the wait is always at least 2 hrs. One time we sat on the grass area and were still served, which was like a picnic, very nice. The second time we all chose to eat somewhere else but came back for drinks after dinner when it was much less crowded.  It would be nice to be able to make reservations so next time we can all stay and get the full experience.  It delights me to see a place in Gilbert as happening as this place is! I will be back to try with a large group again at the end of the month BUT I might just have to treat myself to lunch there before then, it's not possible to go there too often is it?
5	YUM!  The whole meal I kept saying this is the kind of food I love!  Flavorful, Fresh and sooooooo YUMMMY!    We shared one appetizer with soft pretzels, sausage, cheese, etc- YUMM!  I had the pick 2-  Prosciutto and Brie and the Raspberry Chicken salad- again YUM!
5	Finally decided to check this place out since it's got such a huge following and always seems to be packed full of people. Usually Liberty is our go to in Downtown Gilbert(we cheated this time). The Bestie and I stopped in for a little day drinking on a Friday afternoon. Glad we came shortly before 4 PM because after it got PACKED. I've had the hankering for a sparkling rose lately so I was happy to see one on the cute wine list clip board. Oh might I mention, $5 ANY glass of wine before 5 PM. Um, yes please. Since we both went with the rose, the server recommended we buy the bottle for the happy hour price of $20. Good deal. We also got a bruschetta board which was just incredible. Four good sized selections that are very easy to split(though you may end up fighting over your favorites). I also noticed that they have a large beer selection as well, something that is lacking at most wine bars. This is a huge plus since the husband is more of a beer drinker. I see a Postino date night in our future.The atmosphere was fun, the groupings of tables and couches made the space crowded but welcoming, and even with open walls in 90 degree heat it was comfortable and airy. The service was just incredible. Our server was attentive and we had other servers checking on us, refilling water glasses, bringing out food, and just making sure we were having a good time. Both of us have worked in the service industry, a little attention goes a long way. They must have an amazing team over there for everyone to work together so well. The entire time it was just a shock that there could be somewhere this fun and trendy, on this side of town. I've lived in Gilbert all my life, it's about time downtown gets a little spark back. Plus it's nice to see a new business doing great on this "cursed" corner.We will definitely be back, with friends to help split a bottle. Looking forward to many warm summer nights on the patio at Postino.
5	I decided to check out this place with my wife. As we all know Gilbert is more of a quite place but this place got it all. I ordered Tomato Mozzarella as an app, and Mozzarella Chicken sandwich on Focaccia bread. Impressive presentation with balanced flavors and fresh ingredients. The servers all worked together to insure outstanding service. Well done Guys this is a 4G restaurant and way ahead of the game.Hands down, well done place.
5	It is quite seldom that I love a place. This may be one of the few. Went there during lunch hour on Sunday. The weather was perfect (maybe this added to my dining enjoyment- who knows), so we sat outside in the patio area. This establishment has a nice outside seating area with fireplaces and also a area for dogs to go potty. I also like that (even though this is a winebar), it is very family and kid friendly. They even got a kid's menu and some waxy stuff to play with. Anyways, on to the food. The bruschettas are a much here. If you com here and don't even try the Bruschetta planks, then don't even bother coming again. You are committing a crime. And don't be fooled by the portions of these. One person will definitely get full off of one order and it is plenty to share. Also got the rasberry chicken salad which was phenomenal. I'm not much of a wino, but seriously, this place rocks for the food!
5	SWEET BABY JESUS...... I love this place.$20 bruchetta and wine night......PERFECT.My new favorite place in the east valley.I ate 8 different brucettas that night.THANK YOU POSTINO's!!!!
5	Yay! so glad to have one of these in the east valley.  Great open air set up. Good specials and super yummy eats. The wait gets very long but its worth the wait.
5	This is exactly what Gilbert needs! Love this place. Love everything about it: location, service, food, vibe. It is really cute and has comfortable seating outside and inside. There is a grass area where you can bring a blanket and eat your food there. There is always a wait, but they take such great care of you. They brought us out some tasty olives while we sat around and sipped on bellinis. The bruschetta is amazing. Then I had the roast beef sandwich and Italian salad, which blew my mind. Sitting on a comfy cough, sippin on some beverages, and biting into some crispy bread loaded with salmon, figs, pesto, and sun dried tomatoes. Close to heaven as you can get on Earth.
5	Happy birthday to myself enjoying Bruschetta and vino tinto. Great ambiance and wonderful Food.
5	Great, great, great. Fabulous location [in my work 'hood], wonderful building, capable and friendly staff and the usual ahmazing food. Was so glad to know that this very fine sibling is close to work and just as good as the Arcadia location. I went for lunch and was not disappointed. A wait for tables but we saddled up to the bar and were served there. A busy hum to the place but service was tight and the bar tender attentive. For the record, I had the Mozzarella Chicken on ciabatta. Delish. More bread than I usually eat but totally worth the carbs. I could continue the rant but like so many others, I was blown away in the best possible way. And will return.
3	Wine, wine, wine....cheers!  I couldn't wait to go here.  Our 1st visit unfortunately was a Saturday at 5ish so we just missed HH.  It was packed.  Luck would have it we did get a seat at the bar (party of 4)...BUT, it took quite awhile before we got served.  So bar seating we were not impressed.  We put our name down for a table and the wait was over an hour.  We finally got our table 1.5hrs later. When we finally got our table and order our bottle of wine and food.  The food and wine was great!  Just getting to this point was aggravating.....plus we already spent 75+ bucks before we got seated. I will go back, because I love, love, love the Arcadia location.  I hope it was an off night.Food/wine = 5 starsService that night =2.5/3starts
5	I'm so happy this is in Gilbert!  I've only been once, but I want to be here every day!  The decor is upscale casual, very pleasing to the eye, swanky, and the place is family friendly.  Plus, they play great music.11am - 5pm everyday wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5.  Mondays and Tuesdays after 8pm $20 for any house bottle of wine and bruschetta.This is a wine bar, but the food is what draws me in.  There's an OK selection of wines and beers, but go for the food and atmosphere.Favorites:- Bruschetta (choose 4 from 11).  I liked the Smoked salmon with pesto and Tomato jam & fresh sheeps milk cheese.- Olives (expensive, but soooo good)- Chicken & Mozzarella Panini
3	I am taking away some stars from my first review.... the food here is still fabulous... but the service is lacking.   I have been here 5-6 times since they have opened and for some reason the last time the service was not that great.   The music was also WAY TOO LOUD!   We asked if it could be turned down just one notch and the response " ha! I can ask, but i seriously doubt it".   My profession is ears and hearing... this place was way too loud to enjoy a conversation and our order was even messed up because the server most likely could not hear due to the loudness!  Yikes!    When all the doors and windows are closed due to the summer heat--- TURN DOWN THE MUSIC  let people enjoy each other.    The food is great... but I fear this business is getting the "people love us so we don't have to care attitude".     I am done with Postino East for a while....
4	After a couple of attempts to come here (too busy...man!) I finally went a couple weeks ago. The food is consistent with the other locations. I had the prosciutto and fig sandwich, it was good, but a bit too much prosciutto for my taste (I like a lighter hand with it, but I can see why they do it that way) and the italian salad, which is fairly good, but not my fave. Would like to get some bruschetta, but will probably frequent the central location now that I am moving out of the East valley. I like their open patio, and the misters help with the heat. I also am a fan of their fresh squeezed 5$ bellinis before 5 pm....very tasty.
5	My happy place, if you are looking for me you might just find me here, especially before 5pm (I hope it's a Saturday or Sunday if it's during the week I may have a problem.) Gilbert finally has a great wine bar.The bruschetta is amazing, the sandwiches are very nice especially when they ask you how thick you want your bread. And then there is the wine - nice selection by the glass and very nice by the bottle. The ambiance is lovely, I've sat at the bar with a friend and we were able to have a great conversation, I've sat outside twice and it was very enjoyable even in the heat. My only complaint is the music can be too loud for conversation outside. The service has been wonderful for every one of my visits. Table service and bar. Did I see someone complain that mom's were bringing their kids here? Hahaha, it's Gilbert - we take our kids everywhere. I'm fairly confident the owners knew they would have plenty of kid visitors when they decided to open in Gilbert.
3	Was here with a large group last week. Everyone wasn't completely sure it was the right place because they don't have a sign yet, but it is right across the street from Liberty Market and Joe's BBQ on the northwest corner. I don't recommend coming with a large group because you are not able to hear anyone but the person you are yelling at next to you, due to the music being really REALLY loud. I certainly don't mind loud music, but this was loud enough that I was looking for a dance floor. My voice was squeaky and raw by the time I left due to how loudly I had to talk. How can you have a good time and enjoy a meal when you are screaming into the face of the person next to you?As for the food- EXCELLENT. You get plenty for the price too, totally worth it.  Also love that you can get a "shorty" glass of brew for a reasonable price. I'm happy there is another happenin' place in Downtown Gilbert, but I can't go beyond 3 stars. That's how much the noise turned me off.
2	I like their wine and food. That's why I give it 2 stars.  If you go there be prepared to wait for 1.5-2 hours on a weekend.  I went on a Tuesday night once and waited for an hour after they told me the wait would be about 35-45 minutes. Their website says they take reservations of 8 or more but when we called they said it had to be 10 or more and didn't seem to care what their website said. (This must have literally just changed because we were there with a group of 8 last week and had no problems getting a reservation)  I certainly don't mind waiting but with a large group I'd rather not.  I agree with another reviewer... They are getting the "we're so awesome we don't need customer service"  attitude and that has definitely turned this girl OFF!!!
5	This is my favorite Postino's!  They have a really awesome and unique set up.  The inside opens up into the outside patio.  It stays really cool outside even when it's 100 degrees outside.  They play fun music at a good volume level.  The greens salad was really really good!  Also a really good selection of bruschetta.  There is a fire place for when it's cold too.
4	This was my first Postino's visit.  I had heard about it (the other locations) and I had a friend visiting from out of town and suggested this.  I love this style of eating - charcuterie, small bites and vino!  The Butcher's Board was absolutely delicious.  It has this white cheddar cheese (sounds boring, but it wasn't!) that was AMAZING along with sausage, sweet pickles, giant corn nuts and warm, soft pretzel sticks with honey-mustard dip.  Omg ... was in love.  The bruschetta was also tasty as was the salad (had the spring mix with walnuts, pear, etc).  Really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere is cute, hip and inviting.My only two non-positive comments are that the music is really too loud to have a conversation except with the person right next to you and the servers should really ask if you're done with your food before they try to take your plate away. :)I'll be back!!
1	rockin brunch?...epic fail. We tried the rockin brunch today and considering the other choices in the area for breakfast I would never come here for breakfast again. The music was way too loud for a breakfast and after asking three times to have the music turned down we figured they just were not going to do it despite the fact that they said they would. The food was average at best. Would recommend Liberty Market or Farmhouse for breakfast instead.
4	You got to love the ambiance in this place. Wish they had a sign so I could have found this place faster. Very cool design of the restaurant. The food looks very good. My partner and I just stopped by for some wine. It is a very cool place to hang out especially if you are a 30 something, which I am not.I will go back to try the food and more of their wines. I am anxious for a very positive result!
2	Gilbert, if you like a wine list of literally ten wines, a menu consisting of bread and bread byproducts, 40 year old Gilbert moms trying to look cool, and whiffing the smell of a far greater restaurant next door i.e. Liberty Market or Joe's, then Postino East is the way to go.I heard of Postino while reading another great issue of Phoenix Magazine while getting my hair trimmed at Great Clips. Hmm I said. This restaurant sounds intriguing.Making my way to the Gotham City of the desert, Gilbert, i maneuvered my Mini Cooper through the thriving metropolis, and parked in one of Postino's well graveled parking spots.It was then I entered Gilbert's version of a wine cafe. When I drink wine at a wine bar I expect it to taste like the nectar of the gods, unfortunately at Postino's this isn't the case. Their wine list is less insignificant then Tim Meadows's career. With so little to choose from I ended up ordering a wine I've never tasted before; a risky proposition to be sure. My wine ended up tasting like the liquid equivalent of Journey without Steve Perry.After emptying the reminder of my wine in one of Postino's urinals, I decided to eat some food. I ordered the bruschetta sampler in which i get to pick out four different kinds of flour based goodness. The pesto salami was definitely my favorite; sort of like Michael Winslow being my favorite in the Police Academy films.The atmosphere is interesting the say the least; if you enjoy looking at women with sun spots and 8 year old twins and the creepy men checking them out from across the room then this is your spot.I'll pass and stick with Joe's across the street.
5	The bruschetta is amazingggg! Havent had any like it before! Great service too . Go on a Mon or Tuesday after 8pm. They have bruschetta and excellent wine for 20 bucks! Great deal.
4	The bruschetta is amazing! They also have an awesome summertime wine that's super delicious and only $5 a glass for happy hour!The only negative thing, it's typically packed, which leaves you to sit outside. Not so bad since they have misters... but the misters were dripping onto our table. Assuming you can shift around or find a shaded or inside seat, you can't wrong! :)
3	So so place.  I guess its nice to have in downtown Gilbert but whoever they have expediting their food orders needs to be fired.  My gf and I were the 4th table sat at Lunch and it still took 40 minutes to get 2 half/half sandwich/salad orders.  40 MINUTES!!!! Are you serious?  Can you imagine going to paradise bakery or wildflower and waiting 40 minutes?  The service is good and the waiters and waitresses kept the drinks full and kept apologizing for the wait.  The food is so-so.  My salad had a million onions, but my gf's was just right.  The panini's were nothing to write home about.  I guess I would go back if a bunch of friends wanted to go and hang out for the wine but I wouldn't go back again for a quick lunch.
4	I have no idea of the what/when/who of why the service was bashed here?  Just visited for first time and the service was great!  It's not an extensive menu, but it is not supposed to be, it's a wine bar.  With that being said the bruschetta's are amazing.  Thank you Bryan, our server, for the wonderful service, great job and we will be back.
5	Last Saturday night my wife went over to Postino to check it out. We have lived in Gilbert for several years and have seen this location as a revolving door for restaurant concepts. In my opinion,  Postino pinpointed the right demographic and location and delivered in a big way. From the time we were greeted to the time we left we had a top notch experience. The wait was about 20-25 minutes on a Saturday night around 7:30. We sat outside on a day that it was around 110 and with the misters we were totally comfortable. My wife and I loved the simplicity of the menu - starters, salads, panninis, bruschetta, dessert... EASY. We both ordered salads, I had the Field Greens with Chicken, she had the Mediterranean. Both were artfully presented, fresh and delicious. We loved the atmosphere, music and upbeat vibe flowing through the place. I asked to speak to the GM or Manager to convey our thoughts - 2 energetic guys came out to greet my wife and I. Phil and Cristobal, both managers came out and we let them know that we had found our "new place" - they both were excited and you could tell they were passionate about what they are doing with Postino. We'll definitely be going back and have already made plans to make it over to the Arcadia location.
4	Fun place to hang out with friends. Pretty popular and very busy on the weekends. Had a lot of fun there and would recommend it.
5	Wow - what a great lunch at Postino East yesterday.  Tuscan Tuna was excellent and the side salad just as tasty as those home made fries my son-in-law ate!  Made me wish we could spend the afternoon and do some wine tasting.  Service was excellent too.  My new favorite restaurant for sure.
3	Tried this wine bar for the first time last night...here's the scoop:Liked- great design...very hip- good selection of wines- excellent, friendly serviceNot so much- food was good but not as interesting as other wine bars we frequent- too many kids...I know it's Gilbert and clientele is beyond the bar's control, but I don't want to hang out with kids and babies during my happy hour at a bar...can't imagine why people would think its ok to take kids to a bar.
3	"Meh" is a very good word to describe my experience with Postino East. The wait time we were given was 20 minutes - which turned into 50 minutes. We were given really awkward seating - a couch that was shared with a couple (it could have been detached, I'm not sure why they insisted on pushing everything together). There were flies EVERYWHERE. Hang bags of water above doorways - flies won't go under anywhere they can sense water above them. Or let them crawl all over the food, as Postino seems to prefer.The food was okay. It was very affordable though. The waitstaff is also very nice and polite, and despite the busyness of the morning, prompt.I'm not sure why they chose to have way more outdoor seating than indoor seating in a city that's unbearably hot for a good part of the year. Seems like a waste of space to me.Overall I'd like to visit for dinner or lunch. The food is affordable and well-made, but their handling of crowds can definitely be improved.
4	Wow! I never thought I would find a place like this the sleepy little town of Gilbert! Surprisingly they have enough options for someone who doesn't eat pork, beef or seafood to be stuffed when they leave. Their specialty is bruschetta - but not in the traditional sense (although they have one that is a traditional but is not spectacular). I had the white bean, the tomato jelly, the brie and fig and the traditional. I have to say the white bean and the tomato jelly were fantastic! Being a poultry-a-tarian and having no chicken options available, I had to go vegetarian and was limited to 5 options. One board is more than plenty to feed one person and 2 boards are sufficient for 3 people. The wine selection is pretty good as is the beer selection. They have some micro brews so you won't be stuck with a bud or miller lite! Each time I have been here I have had to wait, but it is so worth the wait. The children's' menu is standard, but they all come with a wacky little animal that will keep your little monster occupied for quite a while. Also, they have quirky little things that makes them stand out - for instance there is a bocce ball grassy area that you can sit by and play while you eat and there are these cute little yellowish orange cards in the sugar holder that are specifically for your gum (stop wasting the sugar people!). I hear that there is a special on Tuesday nights that gets you any bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20 - I also hear that the wait is ridiculous so I haven't ventured out there on a Tuesday night yet, but I am thinking that the savings may be worth the wait! All in all a great place to take a small party and enjoy in non traditional bruschettas with fantastic wine and beer!
4	I love this place. It is a very cool set up - glass garage door, outside patio couch seating, great music. FINALLY  a cool place in Gilbert! My fiance and I have gone here a few times, and have yet to be disappointed. We've done a wine night, and light dinner/drinks. Both were great.The bruschetta = amazingness. I would definitely recommend stopping in for a night out.
4	Thank you for giving us a cool place in Gilbert. Seriously.Mondays & Tuesdays are a hit with my buddies because for $20 you get a bottle and a board of bruschetta. Not bad right?The wine list isn't huge but it works and the place is cute and the people are friendly. They don't by any means have the best of the best wine but it's a good causal hangout. It's almost always crowded but we've come to expect that. Even if the tables are filled and you're on the wait list they will still let you order wine and drink on the patio out front.
3	We headed out to Postino on Thursday night for one of our girls happy hours. We enjoy trying new places and are always looking for a fun, comfy place with good food and drinks. We loved the design of the place and the garage doors were a great look and in cooler weather I am sure makes for a much nicer experience. We got there a little after 5pm and found all the tables were full. We were expecting a bit bigger place but it was really hot out and no one was sitting on the patio so really wasn't their fault. Although once they turned the misters on people started to sit outside. The guy who greeted us at the door was very friendly and said it would be a bit but if we wanted to we could check out the drink menu and order something while we waited. They offered us half a couch and we chose to try that instead of standing. It was an ok place but not really that comfortable for more than two people and made conversation a bit difficult. We told them we still wanted a table and they were great about it. They got us one in about 15 minutes and helped us bring our drinks over. The drink menu was a bit short and the after happy hour prices were a bit high. Two of us ordered wine ($9 and $10 a glass each) and our other friend ordered a beer (much better price) The wine was fine but nothing spectacular. They had a good selection of appetizer and happy hour type foods. We chose the bruschetta. The smoked salmon with pesto was my favorite, i could have eaten a lot more of that. We also got the Bella Postino, artichoke dip and white bean hummus with a variety of breads. The artichoke dip was great but the hummus was very bland. We had a couple different servers and it seemed like every server in the place stopped by our table at one point or another. They were maybe a bit too attentive. Three people asked if we needed another drink within 10 seconds of each other. One server was very concerned that every item we finished with was removed immediately. While I appreciate fast service this was a bit ridiculous. They had a small offering of desserts and one had chocolate covered corn nuts in it. We were intrigued and ordered that one. It was their Salted Caramel Sundae which consists of Vanilla bean ice cream with chocolate covered corn nuts, a pretzel stick and salted caramel. It was AWESOME! and the corn nuts were so tasty. who knew! Overall the prices were a bit high. The atmosphere was cool, the food good, the wine ok and the dessert wonderful. We had a pleasant time but it probably won't make the short list for future outings.
2	PostinoOverpriced and way overrated. I feel a lot like the American female gymnast Mckayla Maroney at the 2012 Olympic games (not impressed).My friend and I shared many glasses of wine and two orders of the bruschetta boards. We chose all but two of the toppings they offer so we were both able to have a sampling of mostly everything they offer.The ingredients sound somewhat expensive and I expected them to be delicious, but sadly they are not of great quality.(Brie, goat cheese, burrata, mascarpone, fig spread, prosciutto, smoked salmon) If the quality of the meats and cheeses was better, the rating would be much higher. Most of the bruschetta lacked flavor. Even the wine at our servers suggestion, who was awesome by the way; was not good quality either for the prices.Off the top of my head, Olive & Ivy at the Scottsdale waterfront has MUCH more flavorful bruschetta and an incredible wine selection. They were packed, so the wait was around 40 minutes on a Monday evening. The ambiance was nice for the area. Maybe a little out of place in an older more family oriented, historic part of town. It was a lively, younger professional crowd. One thing this place has going for it is the ambiance. There is a nice light chatter in the background and the decor is decent. It would be a perfect date spot if the food was better. When it cools down here in AZ, the large bay doors at the Gilbert location will give this place even greater ambiance when they are opened.*Mondays and Tuesdays they have bruschetta and a bottle of wine after 8pm. That sounds like a much better deal than when I ate there.
3	Updating my review from a few months ago...Not a great experience like I'm used to having at Postinos unfortunately. On a positive note, the place was packed as usual so I was pleasently surprised to be seated fairly quickly during lunchtime.After that, the service took FOR-EV-ER. We didn't even see our server until 20 mins after we sat down. We actually had to ask a hostess to get someone to take our order.Then, they didn't have the wine I usually order which was disappointing but it's seasonal so that can be expected at some point. So that wasn't a big deal at all. What annoyed me was when I ask for a wine close to the one I liked she brought out a Rose which was NOTHING like what I wanted. I had to send it back because I didn't like it. Hello, you work at a wine bar you should know the wines and what they taste like.Anyway, the wine issue and the service today made me drop the stars from my previous review. I'll probably keep coming back though because the food is outstanding and I love the atmosphere (yes, I bring my kids! Remember this is Gilbert.)
5	I'm a huge fan of this joint.  The wine and the food is really good.  I've recently become more adventurous with my food and this has really come in handy when trying their bruschetta.  I've tried almost all of them and they are all pretty good.  I haven't been for their awesome happy hour on Monday's and Tuesday's but it sounds amazing!
5	I come here solely for the bruschettas and nothing else!!August 20th, my birthday, was the second time i've been to this location I came here for birthday lunch in the middle of my workday.  I went to the Arcadia location on the 18th to celebrate my birthday with friends.  The bread here at the Gilbert location was muchhhhh better  the Arcadia's bread was holey and hard!did i say how much i love the bruschettas? oh i DO!!  My favorites include: Prosciutto and figs, apple, brie and figs, Tomato Jam and Sheep cheese.. i usually get all three and try a new one for the fourth choice. Ricotta and dates are good, on some days.. I prefer beer over wine due to headaches/migraines.  So can't comment on the wine. Beer is good here though..Just wish the bruschettas were not $13.50! 10 bucks would be a good price for lunch..
5	Great Food, great Wine selection, friendly service, fun atmosphere!!   Will return for sure.   My only suggestion would be have a DD or take a taxi as Gilbert police hate "anyone" that drinks any amount and they will invent reasons to pull you over.
4	The bruschetta is awesome. $12 for 4 different types. It was very filling we didn't have any room for our sandwiches. Will sit outside when the weather gets cooler. We went for lunch and it has a very nice atmosphere. Great place.
5	This is the second Postinos I've been to, and both were awesome.  This time, we went for the "plate of bruschetta and bottle of wine for $20" deal they have on Monday and Tuesday evenings.  We went with another couple, so it was double the fun.  The atmosphere is great; relaxed and classy.  The service is good in that they pretty much leave us alone so we can talk in peace, but aren't so far away that we can't get attention.  And the food and wine are awe.some.  I've only had the bruschetta, never any entrees, but who needs that?  With the wide variety of bruschetta (especially when you've doubled the order) and copious amounts of wine, I don't require anything more.  I loved the salmon/cream cheese option and the apple/brie, and the traditional mozzarella/tomato/balsamic is fantastic.  I don't know much about wine, but I enjoyed whatever it was we had!
5	Love this place. The bruschetta is awesome
4	My favorite place to hang with the girls! Wine selections change every 3 months and the service is always friendly and helpful.  The bruschetta is super tasty.  Getting a table on Monday or Tuesday night can be difficult. We go about once a month.  Lunch time is great time to try 'em out.  $5 glasses of wine all day until 5pm.I would give 5 stars but I absoulutely hate their website! It is hard to navigate and I would've never gone their if I had looked it up that way.  Postino's east is fabulous and their website is so difficult you can hardly tell where they are located.
2	Was so looking forward to going there 'cuz one of my coworkers raved about the one in another location. Finally went for lunch. Wasn't obvious which door to even enter thru. First one I came to took me in behind the bar. So went back out & found another. Very loud music -- not conducive to conversing at table. Server's back, upper arms, & chest covered with tats & all exposed. Guy delivering food had the big earlobe earrings & a ring and a stone in his nose. Sorry folks. Some see this as "cool." Takes my appetite away. Not a very polished atmosphere. Menu was limited with only focaccia or ciabatta for sandwiches, so I ordered a soup w/white beans. Skin on beans was tough & remained in mouth after all else was swallowed. Didn't care for the taste of the very unexciting soup. Small bowl for $6. BUT, I told the server I didn't care for it -- didn't eat it -- & she didn't charge for it, but my husband's sandwich, small accompanying salad (not much of a salad), 1 beer & gratuity came to $20. A lot for such an ordinary lunch. Had I ordered the same as he, it would have been a $40 lunch for 2. Not a good value.  Oh, and the water glasses were short so no straws given, and they were kind of smeary -- not real clean looking. Did not want to put my mouth on mine. Our one and only trip to Postino. Positives: We got seated immediately, & the orders came quickly.
5	Gilbert just got the kind of place that will make their whole downtown area that much nicer. This is a destination spot, and it doesn't disappoint. Amazing selection of wines. Bruschetta that makes your mouth water. The atmosphere is super comfortable and relaxing. You could spend hours here and not even know it
5	Great atmosphere for hanging out with friends or family.  Good wine and beer selection that changes with the seasons; also good food.
3	WINE IS AWESOME THOUGH and great food! Also really great atmoshpere.
4	An ALL time Phoenix favorite of mine for lunch is Postino Arcadia, so I was excited to try their newest location. They are able to take something so simple (Brushetta, A Cheese Plate, Soups) and turn them into "works of art," just as the original does. Their Brushetta, in addition to being beautiful to look at is absolutely FABULOUS Haven't had one I didn't like, in spite of the fact I am NOT all that fond of Smoked Salmon or Tuna, but loved their preparation!Lots of fun to have many for a great selection with several people sharing. Probably ALL but the soups should be shared and even the soups can be, if you are with someone you really care about or ask for an additional empty bowl!Very nice location and now with better weather, wide open.If I had one complaint, the recorded music has been far too loud on both occasions I was there. Still a great place for lunch with a wide variety of wonderful things on the menu!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant - you can't beat the $5 glasses of wine, and the Bruschetta is so incredible.  My favorites are:  Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios; Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese; and Brie & Apples with Fig Spread.  I have seen reviews commenting on slow/poor service, but I have never experienced it.  My servers have always been quick, accomodating and friendly.  I will make this a regular haunt, well worth the drive from Mesa to Gilbert.
5	I'm a big fan! Postino's has the market on Bruschetta... it is scrumptiously delicious! I have tried their salads, sandwiches, desserts and all were excellent. And the Butcher Block was amazing! They also have the market on the best pitcher price for great beer, not just domestics, crafts as well for only $5 until 5pm... what a steal! Also on Monday & Tuesday nights they have a House bottle of vino & an order of Bruschetta for only $20, another great deal. Atmosphere is nice, relaxed and fun. Service has been good, very friendly & knowledgable. It can get very busy and have a long wait but if you plan ahead, you will be eating and drinking in no time at all... Totally worth it!
1	Good food....horrible service....worse management. I can't grasp the whole "we don't have servers assinged" bit. "We want everyone to feel welcomed so we have everyone waiting on you" bs! That's the worst way to run a restaraunt. Every time I've been they've forgotten part of our order and/or just ignorred us. Id rather eat at Liberty Market across the street. I've spoken to managment about the bad service and all the gal has done is make excuses. That's not how you run a place. I believe in word of mouth...and the words out of my mouth to everyone I know is not to patron this location.
5	Wow...great food and wine makes for a wonderful experience.   The setting with the doors open makes this a must visit place to eat.  Strongly recommended after two dinner visits and a breakfast visit.  Consistantly excellent.
4	Thrilled Postino made it to Gilbert, but I prefer the vibe in Arcadia, where they've really managed to capture the spirit of a European wine bar--you know, without kids running all over the place. The "family friendly" atmosphere in Gilbert fits well with the community, but for me it's a bit of a turn-off. Most of the parents are trying to socialize with friends and aren't paying attention to their little ones anyway. Can't we have some grown-up restaurants in Gilbert, too?The food is predictably solid (though the smoked salmon at brunch could use more smoke--and more salmon) and the wine is consistently delightful, but it's the service, staff, and culture that Craig DeMarco and his team have created that keeps us coming back. Kids or no kids.Oh, when you go... order the salted caramel sundae.
5	5 Stars for the $20 bottle and bruschetta deal. It really doesn't get any better than that. However, my favorite meals here are lunch and the weekend brunch. The soups and sandwiches are delicious and the farm scramble is tasty. Great alternative for the two restaurants across the streets. Oh, and the mimosas aren't bad either.
4	Cool environment, good food and drink selection, great happy hour prices but they could turn the music down a scoatch so the customers could hear each other easier. We will definitely be back but hopefully next time the DJ won't have such a heavy hand.
5	I was thrilled when I heard Postino was opening in Gilbert having been a regular at the Arcadia location years ago. After a dozen or so visits to Postino East, I can confidently say that my enthusiasm hasn't died down.Sure the wait times and lack of bathrooms (only 2) are ridiculous, but those are the only big negatives I perceive. Well, that and I find the constant presence of children in a wine bar annoying, but that's really my fault for living in Gilbert.People rave about the bruschettas, but I want to highlight the gloriousness that is Postino's mixed greens salad. I adore the savory/sweet combo of fried leeks, grapes and gorgonzola. The artichoke spread is another favorite of mine.$5 glasses of wine before 5pm are a great excuse to day drink. Start off with the Ravenna reisling before moving on to some of the heartier reds. If the Imprint pinot noir is available, go for it! If you have a big group, the $39 price tag for the bottle is actually a decent value considering the quality of wine.Fingers crossed that I make duchess of this place some day!
4	I really like wine. That said, I was pretty happy that Postino came to Gilbert, and I had another wine bar to frequent. They are almost always on a wait so get there early! The bruchetta boards are delicious- I have yet to try a variety that I don't like. I also came for breakfast once, and that food was good too.The only downside of Postino for me is the service. It's definitely hit or miss. For instance, on my last visit, my girlfriends and I waited over an hour and 20 minutes for our food. The server who took our order was oblivious to our problem, even after we told her we were still waiting (after 45 minutes). She was either too busy with other tables or just didn't care. I'm confident that if there hadn't been a shift change during our wait, we never would have gotten food. While we were still waiting for our meal, the second server asked us if we would be ordering dessert, and once we told her what was going on, she immediately took care of it. She put our order in again- who knows what happened the first time around- and we had food in 10 minutes. We didn't ask for anything to be comped, but she did it anyway. She was apologetic and gracious, and we appreciated her taking initiative and responsibility for something that was definitely not her fault. Her service turned around our experience. I just wish I had caught her name to ask for her section next time.
3	I love Postino's Arcadia location... Can't say the same for gilbert, which sucks- since I live in Gilbert. The service and the atmosphere is so draining. Maybe it's just ME. I recommend going before 6:30 - 7pm, or after 8:45. Otherwise you'll have to wait. I have visited Postino East more than 3 times and have had to wait, then our service was really inconsistent. The food is always fantastic, and so is the wine. I just can't handle the obnoxious patrons and loud- open atmosphere. What's with all the kids too? Jeez, I sound like an old man. Ha. Either way- if I don't feel like going all the way to the phoenix location, I will still stop in to Postino east, but it's usually for lunch when it isn't bombarded with alcoholics trying to get a drink. :-)
5	Superb wine selection. (try the ones on tap - Yum!)  Great deals on good beer during happy hour. ($5 mini pitchers!)Very friendly staff, comfortable seating, clean restrooms.Enjoyed most of the bruschetta.  The 'Butcher Board' was amazing.  Try it.Looking forward to going back.  Welcome to the neighborhood.  (:
5	I am visiting Arizona and met with friends for dinner at Postino East.  I was a little weary only because I'm not a big adventurer with food...I tend to stick to the same types of eateries with the same kinds of foods.  I am SO glad they took me here!  It was Delicious!  The ambiance was amazing...you forget you're on the corner of what looked like a semi major roadway and are swept off to this charming little wine bar.  There were tables, sofas, indoor or outdoor, bar area and it looks like they are building even more outdoor seating!We shared the Bruschetta as an app.  I can tell you that the warm artichoke was fantastic!  The apple and fig and prosciutto and fig were equally as fantastic!  My friends also raged for the red peppers as well but I'm not a red pepper fan.As a meal, we got the Raspberry Chicken Salad.  They were actually able and willing to give me a half order...bonus!  And with no problem, they kitchen split an order for my friends.Oh, and of course the wine was fantastic, and plentiful!The staff was friendly and accommodating.  I wish there were one near me in VA!
5	To be honest - the lady next to me is complaining about pretty much everything and is being ridiculous. This obviously isn't her type of restaurant. She just threatened to post on Yelp, so I'm dropping a much deserved 5 star rating to counter act her silliness.
5	This place is amazing.  Best bruschetta in town, i had the chicken and mozz it was awesome.  on the bruschetta i recomend prosciutto brie and figs, artichoke, and the tomato and fresh mozz but you really cant miss no matter what you get.  i can not get emough of this place
3	Pretty nice place located amoung some very good eateries in Old town Gilbert. Been there twice.the place is pretty plosh and full of very cool people. This place is not designed for your average American. First of all you have to be very cool to be here. Even the chairs are very cool. they are low down to the ground and very nice. Nothing in this place will remind you that you are ordinary. The crowd is very yuppy. Lots of broad rimmed baseball caps and tattoos. More reminders that you are in a very cool environment.The food is not ordinary. One day I had brunch there. I ordered the bacon and eggs. It came displayed in a way you would never know you were having bacon and eggs. This place screamed "we are not the good egg". It even had a little salad with it to absorb all the cholesterol and make you feel good about the animal protein you were consuming.the second time I ordered the raspberry salad. It was 9.99 and was listed as a main entree. I have some birds in my yard that would have been very unsatisfied with the amount of salad I was given. Luckily I am a small eater. Needless to say it would not be appealing to the "average" American if you know what I mean. Again though this place is designed for cool people only and fat people are not cool. It was a very good salad though and I highly recommend it as an appetizer. All in all it's a nice place to go grab a bite to eat. And at any point a reality show might just break out there.
4	I had been hearing so much about Postino's, but was too lazy to drive out to The west valley for a wine bar... That's a long drive home... But when Postino's opened their downtown Gilbert location, I was excited. I've only gone during Happy Hour for their bottle of wine and bruschetta board special, and that has never disappointed. I have yet to try ay other food, and they also have brunch on the weekends.The servers don't wear any uniforms, and a different one is always coming to your table to help you. It's not a bad thing, but sometimes just confusing.The interior is trendy and hip tables and living room style outdoor seating. They play the music LOUD, which is unusual for a wine bar (although the Living Room, wine bar in Chandler does the same), and since the inside of the place is all concrete and metal, it echoes like crazy. I always sit outside.  If you're not into wine, they do have beer, and I believe it's a decent selection. I just don't drink beer here.  One of these days I will venture and try some of their other food selections and brunch.
5	Postinos on the East side!?Whoa, you like to think that you're immune to Postinos, oh yeahIt's closer to the truth to say I can't get enough You know I'm gonna have to face it, I'm addicted to Postinos Thanks Robert Palmer and let's just say I wouldn't be surprised to see the fashion models around here.  Very attractive crowd!  I am honor just to be here!  Another bottle of wine and you'll be mine, a one track mind I can't be saved 4 flavors of Bruschetta is all I crave If there's some left for you and don't mind if I do I might as well face it I'm addicted to PostinosI've always enjoyed attending Postinos on the West side of town, but the East side adds a new flavor.  The place still has a great deal on Monday and Tuesday nights.  Bottle of wine plus a large plate of bruschetta's for $20!  The ambience is always chill and low lighting.  Quite romantic and add some pretty ladies and I'm golden here!  Service is always great at Postinos.  The staff is definitely well train in the knowledge of wine and their service is spectacular! - Enjoy!
5	I have never been a wine drinker but i totally am now thanks to this place!! reasonably priced by the glass you can try anything before you bye it. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and friendly this is not a snobby joint. I highly reccomend the bruschetta they have some great combinations. The cucumber lemonade is absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is suprisingly intamate but also great for a group!!!
5	Scottsdale in Gilbert! Great everything, just need a bigger place and larger bar area to accommodate walk ins that don't require a fancy table.
4	I have to say there is not much than can go wrong with a restaurant the specializes in wine, cheese and all things Italian.  Went on a Saturday night while a holiday fair was being had so getting to the location was a bitch.  Parking is pretty atrocious on a regular Saturday night let alone when an event is being held.  The service is efficient and friendly nothing out of the ordinary.  Food and wine is why you come here and why I keep going back. Thank goodness for the other locations which have better parking.
4	We recently had my sister and her finances wedding shower at Postinos and it could not have gone any better! There was a bit of confusion at the beginning of the evening but it was quickly taken care of. All of the staff was extremely attentive and helpful. As expected, the bruschetta and Panini's were superb and they had a ton of wine and beer choices for the guests. The only drawback was a live acoustic band playing the whole time that we were not made aware of until the day before our event. It was rather hard to hear everyone as we played shower games but at least they weren't terrible sounding. I would definitely recommend for anyone to hold a special event there!
5	This by far is one of the best wine bars around....Have been to both the Gilbert and Arcadia locations and both of them are great.  Was there last  night with friends from out of town, they loved it. Do not go there if you want a full bar..this bar only serves beer and wine!
2	Decent place but a tad overpriced and way overrated.  We had several glasses of wine and some orders of bruschetta with several toppings they had to offer.  Not bad but how do you mess with wine and bread, right?  The toppings sounded amazing and were priced to match so I expected to be wow'd.  Sadly what came to the table was not great quality.  Most of the bruschetta lacked flavor and the poor quality toppings didn't help much.  Nothing really tasted fresh.  The service was great.  That I liked.  The server was very friendly and helpful in making suggestions.  The ambiance was nice, with a lively younger crowd.  If you just want to grab a glass of wine in a young professional atmosphere, it would be fine.  Don't go expecting the moon like I did though.
1	Very disappointing experience... we get here at 5pm... party of 3... and you refuse to seat us because there are going to be 2 large parties later!?!?! There were 5 open tables, this is completely unacceptable!!!
5	My sister-in-laws haven't stopped talking about how we needed to try Postinos.  It turns out they couldn't have been more right.  We got to the restaurant just shy of 5:00 with the Happy Hour soon ending.  We ordered 2 bottles of wine at the Happy Hour price which served our party of 5 well for the rest of the evening.  We sat outside in a very nice booth.  The hostess rolled an outdoor heater over close enough to the table to take the rare chill out of the air, but not so close to be too hot.  We ordered 3 rounds of the bruschetta (at 4 toppings per round).  The traditional mozzarella and basil was as good as it is anywhere (how can you mess up this combo?).  What was pleasantly surprising were the many other bruschetta combinations.  The burrata, bacon, arugula, and tomatoes combo was a repeat order and we probably should have ordered 2 at a time.  It was hard to feed all 5 with 4 sections of bruschetta.  The salami and pesto was also a favorite and ordered twice.  We will definitely be going back.
3	It's tough to be impartial after all the hype this place got, but alas, I wasn't that impressed.  I think part of the problem with the ambiance is the squawk factor.  It felt like the majority of the patrons there thought they were filming an episode of Sex & The City.  That said, it's only a minor drawback.  We got the olives, as an appetizer, and they delivered.  The prices on their wine / beer selection were reasonable and also spot on.  The bruschetta is their specialty - and two of the four we chose were really good.  I will say, that quite possibly, the best thing they serve is their BLT bruschetta - way good and something I will crave.  The classic (mozzarella / basil / tomato) needed a little more balsamic & a little less salt.  The brie / apple just needed more brie and it would have been amazing.  The prosciutto / fig one was just forgettable.We got the roast beef sandwich on ciabatta to share, and here lies the bulk of the trouble.  The bread had good flavor, but it felt like it had fallen in a tub of dust prior to being served (too much excess flour).  The sauce was cloyingly sweet, and their chips were soggy and tasted like they had been cooked ten hours prior.The service was just fine - and if we had stumbled upon this place, without all the hype / build up, it probably would have deserved a four.  So, IF we go back, it will be for their Monday / Tuesday night special - which is four of their bruschettas + one bottle of wine for $20 - tough to beat.
4	Have other reviews on the other locations and they are the same level of food and service. Bruschetta is the bomb! The great thing about this location is the demographic, A little bit of family, young and old and just very casual, but nice enough for all the cool moms to hang out and enjoy one of the better establishments of the valley. Enjoy!
4	I am a HUGE fan of Postino East! The food gets five stars. It is fresh, tastes amazing, and there is a good variety of sandwiches, soup, and salads. I eat here once a week. The service gets four stars. The wait staff is very pleasant but is usually slow. They do a team approach and I often think they assume the other has taken care of you, when in fact no one has been over at all. Overall this place rocks and I will continue to be a regular. This is my go to place for a delicious lunch.
5	Can't beat the board and bottle special on Monday & Tuesday nights. For $20 you get a board of their infamous bruschetta and a bottle of wine from an extensive list to choose from. I will occasionally meet up with my girlfriends every other month or so here to catch up on life. There are so many types of bruschetta toppings to choose from, but I always, always have to get at least one of the fig ones. I adore figs and they have two varieties of it at Postinos. My second favorite is the one with tomato jam. Yum! I am no wine expert but I do prefer white, sweet wines so I tend to steer towards moscato. Their house moscato is delicious and definitely one of my favorites!We used to always have to wait every time we come here but on the last couple of occasions, there was no wait. I guess the "new hype" factor has died down a bit. But hey, I'm not complaining.
2	Visiting family in Gilbert and we decided on Postino East.  Nice outside ambiance with couches and tables.  Inside, it was very loud.  Music did not match the ambiance of a wine bar as it was loud and annoying.  Bruschetta Board had a couple of interesting options like the fig and apple, but overall, food and was average.  Wine selection was good and reasonably priced.  This is definately a "girls night out" meeting place but no real ability to have discussion except with the person next to you unless you yell.Quiet the music, enhance the menu (how many ways can you make Bruschetta) and this place will do well.....
4	After hearing so much about Postion's I gave it a try and thoroughly enjoyed my experience.  The outside dining experience was one of the best with a fire in a fireplace, comfortable seating, expertly placed heat lamps and attentive service.  The wines were enjoyable and the food above average.
4	Really delicious sandwiches. A little pricy for lunch though.
5	I don't have much new to say, because others have done such a good job describing and taking pictures of the beautiful food and beverage, except this is my new favorite place to day drink.  $5 glasses of wine 11-5?  An interesting and varied wine selection?  I'm there.  Mr. M and I visited last Monday and the weather was beautiful and perfect for enjoying the open air atmosphere at Postino East.  We were taken care of by two friendly servers who I could see helped each other out all over the restaurant.  We shared some bruschetta, a sandwich, and a bottle of riesling.  It could not have been a more perfect visit.  The only thing of note is that just south of this block, Gilbert Road is torn up and blocked off and really annoying.  I hope they are doing something good with that mess.  You have to come at Postino from the north (Guadalupe/Gilbert intersection).  I tried to weave around thru residential areas and that doesn't work.  I can't wait to go back and this will definitely be a place we'll take out of town guests.  Thank you thank you thank you.*We drove by on 2/11/13 and the construction was cleared out!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants! The bruschetta is amazing. My favs are the brie & apples with fig, and the prosciutto with figs & marscapone (so good!!). And we really like the butcher block, so many yummy things to eat!
5	Love love love Postinos!  Wonderful atmosphere, great service, and the food is fantastic!Whenever we've had to wait (mostly on the weekends), we've been able to lounge on the grassy area (it's turf but looks and feels pretty real!).  On nice days, it's great.  People bring blankets, babies, and puppies.  Last time, my friend brought the paper and we hung out until they had a table ready for us.  They do a good job of making sure people that are waiting are taken care of as well.Soup and sandwich combo's are great.  Fresh ingredients and love the breads.  My absolute favorite is the bruschetta.  I always get the brie/apples (YUM!), fig/mascarpone/prosciutto (can sometimes be hit or miss), Salmon/Pesto (good but sometimes the capers can be overpowering), and the fig/pistachios (again, YUM!).  I'm always satisfied and usually overstuffed.  I can handle a brushetta board by myself but it's probably good enough for two people to share.  Sometimes get the chips but they aren't anything to write home about.  Also the cucumber honey lemonade is great but the cucumber taste is strong so may not be great for everyone.  I've gotten used to it and like it but it was definitely an acquired taste.  The staff look like they could be models and are always so great and helpful.  They know their stuff and are really able to recommendations on food/drink.  Lots of parking available is also a plus!
4	The bruschetta is amazing and they have such a great wine selection. Only downside, we waited an hour n a half for a table! (That was a table for two)
4	Great food, great prices. You can't go wrong coming here for $5 glasses of wine and their delicious bruschetta. I love the fig and proscuitto ones so much that I now make them at home regularly. All the sandwiches I have tried have also been delicious, though the cold ones are a little on the messy side. Though the central and Arcadia locations have a little bit more of a scene to them, Postino East is soooo great for those of us relegated to the Chandler/Gilbert area with young children because of the awesome grassy patio area in the back. When my husband and I need to get out for an afternoon but don't have a babysitter, it is awesome to come here and have a couple glasses of wine while our daughter can run around and play.
2	I was super excited when Postino East opened. Postino Central is amazing and I had high hopes for the East location. My friend and I decided to try them for Sunday Brunch...."Meh", is about as good as I can give it. The service was slow, the food menu limited and the drink menu even worse (no bloody marys on Sunday? WTH?) and there were flies everwhere. Gross! I am sure they're better for the evening fare, but brunch left a lot to be desired. :(
5	I must admit, I'm a massive fan of Postino Arcadia and Phx... Years ago, when I heard they were building a (Cue dramatic and skeptical voice) Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilbert location I turned up my nose. Fast forward a few years, I own a house down the road and am ECSTATIC to be eating and drinking my words at one of the best spots in Gilbert. I was worried that the unique charm and atmosphere wouldn't translate. I'll be honest, I still prefer Arcadia/Phx but am happy to say that they did a great job of transplanting this gem.
2	I never thought I would see the day that I would be giving Postinos anything but a 5-star review because I've been going to Postinos in arcadia/phx for years and have been going to the new Gilbert location for the last 8 months, but ....and let me scream so you can hear me...., "THE MUSIC IN GILBERT IS SOOOOO LOUD YOU CANNOT CARRY ON ANY KIND OF CONVERSATION!!!!!" There.  I feel better.  Two other couples at tables next to us screamed "Wow this is loud music" as well....  It is not like this at the other two locations.Management at Gilbert.... turn it down a notch or two.   A wine bar should be classy, relaxing and have an atmosphere condusive for great conversation, and all of those are impossible with the extremely LOUD music!  I would probably have ordered another bottle of wine, but I literally could not wait to leave!Also, for the very first time EVER, when I ordered the butcher block there were items on the block missing!!  WTH???!!!  Other than those two things, everything was spectacular...food tasted amazing (after bringing the missing items), service, people friendly...but I want to be able to carry on a conversation!  Thank you!
5	Great Service, all employees are very personable. Wine selection is fantastic (Malbec was delicious) and I think my water was refilled 17 times in the span of one hour, Way to go. Can't go wrong with the Brushetta and definitely recommend the butchers board. Go on a nice night and sit on the patio for a wonderful evening.
5	Love the bruschetta, always have a difficult time picking only 4. Last time has the smoked salmon bruschetta, my wife had the tomato jam, and the requisite pistachio and date bruschetta we always get. This location is very quaint ina nice space. Had to wait a bit on a Fridat at 2:00pm, but the service was excellent. Great happy hour for glasses of wine.
5	I just LOVE having this place in downtown Gilbert! After seeing a show at Hale, it is great to have a place to get a nosh and a nice glass of wine...none of the other places stay open that late! I LOVE their artichoke dip and Hummus plate and their bruschetta is excellent also. Service can be a little slow sometimes....I don't think they always have enough servers in the later hours. But every server I have had has been pleasant and accomodating.
1	First off!  This is breakfast review of this place.  The location and seating is very niceThe menu is ala carte and server in little plates. The food was good but under portion and over price keep in mind its ala carte. Service /Server was very slow and it was not busy the meal did not come out together and server miss portion of the orderSample pricesSide of toast $ 2.00 ea Side of potatoes $ 3.00 ea Large  OJ $ 4.50 ea  One Egg & Bacon $ 4.50 eaThe total for two $ 27.50 w/o tip.If Postino East is going to charge these prices for breakfast they should delivery AAA service, but I do not think I will be back. The breakfast across the street is easy 20% lower and just as good.
4	Great ambiance!   I highly recommend the bruschetta and Nebbiolo!
5	If it's possible, my love for Postino has only increased. I decided to throw a baby shower for my friend here, and it turned out beautifully. I never had a problem with my calls being returned, and the managers I spoke to were extremely helpful and friendly.We had our shower at the front of the restaurant which utilized both indoor and outdoor couches. We had the space for 2 hours plus they let us come in early to decorate.Pricing is wonderful for a larger party. If you have the party inside the restaurant like we did, regular menu pricing applies. You could have it out on the lawn using the catering menu pricing which is an even better deal .I also love that they don't charge for bringing in a cake. You can order cookies through their sister restaurant Churn which is a great dessert option.I fed a party of ten 4 bruschetta boards, a cheese board, bottle of wine, and "mass-mosa" (bottle of champagne + OJ carafe) for ~$10 a person plus tip. I pre-ordered some paninis too but ended up cancelling them at the last minute, and our waitress was very nice about it.Overall, it was a fun, beautiful day, and our baby shower went very smoothly. I would host another party here in a heartbeat.
5	SO happy to find out that the Postino's East is just as good as Postino's Central. My husband and I are moving down to Gilbert this month and stopped to eat here after looking at some houses. Located in downtown Gilbert (which is a cute area) - Postino's was still hoping at 1:00pm on a Sunday. Food was just as good as the original location:All I can say is Bruschetta Bruschetta! Our Favs:-Proscuitto with figs-Tomato Jam-Salami with pesto-Buratta with Bacon, tomato and arugula
5	I really enjoyed the food here today! I have been here before & it was just as good. I have found my favorites so I'll be back to order them. try the passion tea its darn good!
3	I went on a Wednesday and sat at the bar.Food was ok, wine was priced right, service ok.Pretty solid place to hang out if you don't have high food expectations.Great terrace.
5	I love the vibe and service at Postinos as much as any place I've ever been. This place may be my favorite location of all of them. SO GOOD. SUCH A GREAT HAPPY HOUR. 50 miles from my house... Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please PLEASE!!! ... Build one in the NW valley. Please, damn it!I promise you could turn a profit just off My Wife and I and our crazy/cool friends and family.Please?
5	I'm a huge fan of all the Upward Projects restaurants, but Postino is by far my favorite.  I've been to all the Postino locations a bunch of times.  Gilbert is actually my favorite location.  Compared to the others, the space here is huge. They've done it up in a cool modern industrial design style.  Large garage doors open to the outside for those beautiful 80 degree nights we have in the Valley.  The crowd is surprisingly young and hip for Gilbert (sorry).  If I didn't know better, I'd think I was in Central Phoenix.  They've got ample outdoor patio space.  It's great for a romantic one-on-one evening, or for a large group of people.  Check it out on Monday and Tuesday nights after 8 for the Bottle and Board special.
4	Always the Pinot Noir, Always the 9 Iron Sandwich.  However, I only go when the wine is $5 per glass, because I am such a value person.  Unless it is Monday or Tuesday, then I go with the $20 bottle and Bruscetta board.  Another exceptional value.
5	MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! This location needs a Sangria Sunday like the Arcadia location, but I can get over it because I love them so much. Everything is delicious. The worst thing about leaving Arizona was leaving Postino behind as well.
4	Gotta love Postino.  Great service, great ambiance, great selection of wines, & great bruschetta. In my best Tony the Tiger voice... "They'rrre grrrreat!"
2	This was a solid meh. It's not a place I would choose on purpose, but I would not say no if someone else wanted to go.
4	I am loving Postino these days.  I am so, so happy that this in Gilbert.  This has become our favorite date night spot, particularly because of the $20 bottle and board deal on Monday and Tuesday nights.  $20 for a bottle of wine a bruschetta board?  Amazing deal.  They have a great patio, although I think it is going to be too hot to enjoy it in the near future.  The atmosphere is fun and lively, and they play great music.  The bruschetta and other food is great.  They also serve brunch on the weekend mornings and that is tasty as well.  I do wish that they changed up their brunch and wine menu a little more often though.Overall, totally fun place to go for a drink and some appetizers.
4	LOVE THIS VALLEY SPOT!!!My wife and I have been coming here ever since we were dating (phoenix location) and it never disappoints. Now, we don't drink, but the food is impeccable. We always want to try one of their paninis but we inevitably always go for the cheese board and bruschetta board . . . it's our "go-to". The waiters are awesome! There's no dress code so they're all dressed differently and super chill! Also, we have never been gotten the stink face for not drinking. All in all, the food is really good and unique, really cool vibe, great waiters.FOUR STARS!
5	Loved it. Came here on a date with my wife after some friends suggested it. We were a little bit limited by my wife's pregnancy on what we were dining on, but our server was very informative and accommodating. The salad, soup and of course bruschetta were divine. We will definitely be back
5	I hesitate to write a review, only because I don't want to share my little hidden gem. I'm in love, I wish I knew more people who didn't have to  work during happy hour, $5 glasses of wine are hard to pass up. The peach Bellini is super sweeeet, but a nice change of pace from the usual. The ladies I dined with seemed to enjoy the white blend on the servers suggestion (and when he suggests a bottle, just do it - its worth it's weight in gold on the experience scale.). How could I forget the bruschetta? Uh hello!! A may za zing.. I can't get enough, such delicious combinations and choices. The experience is endless, I can't wait to go back.. Lastly, my little secret. The Gilbert location has an outdoor bachi (sp?) ball court, they have a few tables set up outside, so bringing the kids is an option. The servers are attentive and must know women day drinking $5 glasses of wine with their children in tow are very generous (always responsibly obviously)...there's something to be said about a place that kids are allowed to play and mommy time is equally valued.I wanna go back for date night with the hubs or cocktails with friends without kids next time (just  to get the full experience, nothing to do with the aforementioned $5 happy hour glasses of wine) ;)
5	Cant say anything bad about this place. I think it was awesome and we didnt go when there were any specials or anything so I would like to try happy hour here but when I went here I was very impressed and would recommend it to anyone!
4	This place is so cute and they have amazing food! Get the bruschetta it's delicious and you can't go wrong. The cucumber lemonade is also very tasty and refreshing on a hot day. Service is great, they really go above and beyond to make you feel at home- thanks Jenny! :)
5	So the way I do my ratings is that I assign 1 star to each of the following 5 categories:  Location, Service, Food, Atmosphere, Value. This place definitely has all 5! It is located in a quaint little historic are of Gilbert alongside some cool old buildings with old neon signage. The service was very good with incredibly friendly people who seem to care about your experience (and trust me, this is becoming rare). Even though the waiter forgot one of our orders, we were enjoying our first course so much that it didn't even matter and he corrected it right away. The food is amazing! It's kind of a unique menu, most of it dedicated to charcuterie and bruschetta. But the varieties are creative and VERY tasty! you can choose any combination of 4 bruschettas served on a wood board. Each bruschetta is served on a nicely grilled bread slice that is cut in 4 for easy sharing (the goat cheese and roasted pepper was soooo good!). We also ordered the Butcher's Block which is an assortment of meats, olives, cheese, hummus and crostinis. Every bite was delicious. Oh yeah, and from 11am-5pm EVERY DAY they have a $5 happy hour drink special. We had peach bellinis which were excellent.The atmosphere is also very cool, nice wood tables with a huge wine rack on one wall, very lively and they even have an outdoor patio with a bocci ball court you can play on. The music was loud enough to hear, but not too loud and any place that plays The Smiths while you eat has to be COOL!Finally, the price was surprisingly reasonable. The cost to value ratio is very good. My wife and I got out of there for under $45 and more than satisfied with our meal.They have 3 locations, but if you are anywhere near Gilbert, make it a point to stop on by for a board of tastiness!
5	Happy to say Postino Gilbert has the same quality of food as the Arcadia and Central locations. The HH deals are the same, the wines are the same and the bruschetta taste just as tasty over here too.  The benefit of Gilbert's location is their super large patio seating (which seems to get bigger and bigger every time) with the comfy chimney outside.The only value-added comment I can contribute to such an extensively reviewed location, is my suggestion to always try the seasonal bruschettas. They are not on the menu nor are mentioned in any way (in written form), but they always have one and they are always part of HH or whatever deal the other bruschettas are currently on. The one I had most recently had pickled beats and arugula with lime juice- super refreshing and delicious. Good to know that at a place where everyone is so happy and comfortable with the things they rely on (Monday/Tuesday night deals, HH, and the taste of their static menu) that at least there is one tiny component that can surprise you. And what is life, really, without tiny little surprises?
5	I love Postino's.  I am slightly biased because my husband proposed to me here, but the reason he did so was because we went on our first real date to Postino's (Arcadia) and had such a wonderful time.  You really can't beat the bottle and board specials.  And their bruschetta is still the best- other wine bars in the valley just can't compete with it! The tomato jam is amazing!  Only downside is it's always paaacked with people and often a long wait.  Very good service- water always full!
3	I like the place and at least we have one in the east valley.  However, it's marginal compared to the Arcadia location.  The obvious reason is the overall vibe and the crowd.  I live in Gilbert but it would be nice to go to a bar or lounge and it actually feel like a bar or lounge.  Not people bringing kids or going there to order an ice tea and salad.  Yes I know, it's you're right to go order your salad and non-alcoholic beverage anywhere you choose.  It's always busy and the service is relatively consistent.  The magic has always been the concept and $5 happy hour.  Brilliant!  We've been here at least 5 times and have been to the Arcadia and Central locations a number of times.  Truly, of all their restaurants/bars they own I would say that Windsor is the best place.  We will continue to go here once in a while.
2	I have been there twice, I didn't have a fantastic experience the first time (right after it opened), but I wanted to give it another shot in case we just had bad luck the first time. And then happy hour happened today.....My husband and I sat on the lawn with our dog, and it was such a perfect day to sit outside and sip on some wine and enjoy some bruschetta. That is....until 5-6 employees congregated at a nearby table/chairs outside to roll silverware in napkins, eat dinner, gossip, and talk on their phones (did I mention they were rolling SILVERWARE outside? on the grass? while pausing to take a bite of a their dinner? WHAT?).  One of the utensil baskets was even sitting on the grass, the same grass that my dog was laying on. Perhaps another dog had laid in that same spot before they put the utensils on the ground (or heaven forbid went to the bathroom on that grass)? Then we saw another employee take something out to the dumpster and come back to continue rolling silverware withOUT washing her hands first. So...finally a manager came out to tell them it wasn't appropriate for them to be eating out in front of customers, rolling silverware in the napkins on the ground, or talking on their phones. She didn't try to tell them this discretely, we heard it all. It was rather awkward, and kind of killed the ambiance for us. (although it was entertaining). It was like a watching a parent teach their highschooler a lesson about manners. So, they eventually put their food in to go containers, and picked up the utensils from the ground....to then continue to roll silverware outside while gossiping and not washing their hands after eating. I don't know how many restaurants have 5-6 extra employees who can just sit around rolling silverware into napkins and eat dinner while on the clock....much less who will allow them to do it 10 feet from paying customers. The food was yummy, and our server (not part of this other debacle) was fabulous. That is where the two stars come from.
5	My boyfriend tells me we are going to Arizona to visit his friends. I do some Yelping and respond with...if you take me to this wine bar (and a fried chicken place) I found, I will be a happy camper on this trip. He agreed. He kept up his end of the bargain, we went to both places I wanted to go. I tried to be good, but i'm not perfect. Postino East, however, is.We got there around 5:30 and there was no wait. When we left the line was out the door. This place is super cute, and huge! There is a bar, a large dining room, a large outdoor patio, and a large yard with little tables to sit at. Service was perfect the entire time. Food was served very fast. The portions are huge and the prices are very good.Not knowing how large all the portions were, we ordered three things. Two would have been fine, but we ended up being able to take a good amount of food back to his friend's house for them to eat.Wine and beer selection were good. You can get a freshly made mimosa or bellini for only $5. All wine is $5 a glass before 5:00 PM, after that none of the wine is more than $12, most of the wine was $9 - $10 a glass. I had one bellini, delicious. I also had a glass of Pinot Grigio from Italy that I enjoyed a lot. BF had a beer of some sort that he liked, so he ordered a second one.Pub Board - This amazing wooden board is covered in yummy soft, salty pretzels, a spicy mustard, chorizo, an assortment of pickles, aged cheddar, and the best corn nuts I have ever had. Everything was perfect.Bruschetta - For $14 you can choose four different kinds of bruschetta from a list of twelve. We went with Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, Smoked Salmon with Pesto, Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato, and Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. The portion is MASSIVE! We ended up taking half of this back to our friends. I did like that each piece of bread is sliced into four small pieces so it is easy to eat and easy to share. All of the selections we made were wonderful, with my favorite being the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. The pesto on the salmon bruschetta was amazing. No complaints about any of our choices. Nine Iron Panini - The Pub Board and Bruschetta were brought out before the panini, and once we saw how much food we were dealing with, we asked if the panini could be cancelled, but they had already made it. Luckily, they served it on two plates so we could share, so we ended up just sharing one half and taking the other one to our friends. This panini had chicken, bacon, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato and a dijonnaise. We were given a choice of ciabatta or focaccia bread. We went with ciabatta and it was a bit too hard for our taste, focaccia would have been better. The dijionnaise was very strong and was the main thing I tasted in this panini. It was a good sandwich, but my least favorite of the three things we ordered. What I did love though, were the potato chips served on the side. They were huge, crispy, salty, tasted just like Lay's, but not at all greasy! The best chips, ever.The bill for our four drinks and all the food was about $65. Great deal for how much we had. Postino needs to bring it's perfect little ass out to California. If not, I will happily agree to go visit his friends again...IF we get to eat here :)
1	While I have absolutely no complaints about the food, this review is for the service received.The first time I received disrespectful service when I went with my best friend, I spoke to the manager about it and let it go. Now that this has happened again, I'm letting fellow Yelpers know. I went in with my boyfriend on a Monday around 2pm, it was not busy, yet there was no one there to greet us nor sit us down at a table. After standing there and seeing the other servers look at us, my boyfriend had to walk up to the bar and ask for help. It was only then that a guy came out from behind the bar to sit us down at a table. As he returned to the bar it took another few minutes before a girl came around to bring us two glasses of water and walk away. That was it, no greeting whatsoever! When we finally were able to order our food, the girl asked my boyfriend what kind of bread he wanted. As it was his first time there he didn't know what the options were and what the difference was between the breads. Instead of explaining it to him when he asked, the girl simply stared at him like he was stupid and asked again if he wanted chiabata or focaccia. So I had to explain it to him instead. TALK ABOUT BEING RUDE & DISRESPECTFUL! The rest of the time we were there, the only time we had any "help" from the servers was when they brought our food or refilled our water glasses. Not once did anyone say anything to us or ask if we needed anything. I wanted to ordered a drink but decided not to if they didn't even care to ask!Note: I've never had an issue with the male staff/servers but the females are (excuse my language) b****es. They seriously need to hire female servers who are friendly and provide good customer service to EVERYONE!
2	Low stars based on service and food (wine selection and ambiance are not bad) If you want to go here on date, this is a great spot- it's romantic with the dark lighting and intimate seating. If you want to take a group, maybe try another place- It seems very difficult for them to bring out food for large groups in a timely manner. Also, splitting the check must be rocket science because on various occasions they were not able to.
3	Well, I'm not sure how I feel about this place. The night didn't start off to well since they didn't honor our reservation (I know they don't usually let you reserve a table but since we were a large group they said they would). We ended up at two small tables pushed together which was not at all enough room for the nine of us. But we made do and once we had ordered a couple of bottles of wine we got a little more comfortable. The $20 for a bottle of wine and board of bruscetta is such a great deal. Two of us had coupons for free bruscetta boards in addition to that so we had ourselves a feast. By the end of the night, we had 6 boards of bruscetta and three bottles of wine and the bill only came out to about a hundred bucks. Not bad for 9 people!!! Plus they even gave us a free dessert for the birthday girls!I think I prefer the atmosphere at the Central location and to be honest I think the food is a little better there as well (even though its the same menu, I just mean the preparation). However, Postino in Gilbert is a-ok in my book.
4	Fantastic service.  They take a team approach that leaves no one waiting too long.  The only wait is to get in.  The bruschetta is worth it.  Try one, try three, try them all.  They're all amazing!  If you are a wine lover, you can drink to content and have all the best snacks to go along with it...olives, cheese, bruschetta.
5	I love the salads here, as well as the bellinis.  The patio is fantastic and I like the crowd.  Always a nice time at Postino in Gilbert!!
5	Amazing!! The wine, dessert, bruschetta, sandwiches the salads I mean everything I have tried is delicious!!
3	Overrated!!  I'm not going to give this place lower than a 3 because it didn't totally disappoint, but there are definitely better wine bar/restaurant/lounges. I can't comment on the service with the exception that my date had the wrong salad brought to her. They corrected the situation, but not until we said something. The waiter made a comment that he knew that wasn't what she ordered, but still didn't correct the situation before giving her the wrong dish. Other than that, it was busy, so I didn't expect exceptional service, but it was good.The wine list was great, not a great deal after their 5pm happy hour, but a good selection. My issue was the food. We both got salads, as mentioned before. The salads are small, and around $11. I added $3 chicken to mine for protein, and it was deli meat, and very little of it. I have no issues with prices, as nobody should when going to a wine bar, but expect to receive something comparable in value; this was not worth the $14-15 salad, nor was the complete dinner worth $60 after tip. I may go back for the happy hour, but not the food.
5	Awesome bruschetta !!!  Sometimes service isn't the best.
4	Postino is always great.  The central location catered my wedding three years ago, the 44th Street location is always a good time, so when I moved to the east valley, I of course had to check out "Postino East."The bruschetta board is ever-raising in price... but that's okay because I get a meal for two out of it - regardless of the cost.  :)I really would just like to say there is a GORGEOUS bartender there so all you single ladies... get in line at the bar and tip him well.  (Don't know his name, when he works, or a damn thing about him.  He has a beard.)Service was great from our waiter (time 1) and waitress (time 2) as always.Looking forward to more brunches with friends and continuing the Postino tradition.
5	I have heard so many great things about this place! Finally I just had to try it out. We  went on a Tuesday night for their $20 special. For $20 you get to choose a bottle of wine and four different bruschetta. The bruschetta is beautifully made and delish!! Our favorites were the prosciutto and the goat cheese and pepper. YUM!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. Super cool vibe, excellent eats, and amazing ambiance. We absolutely take every out of town visitor to Postino, showing off what Arizona Food can be.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Gilbert.  Great place to hang out with friends to drink wine and eat cheese.  Love the bruschettas.  Great atmosphere.
5	Amazing. My first time here. Love the food and the vibe. Also my first Yelp post!
5	$5 Hoegarden pitchers. Amazing bruschetta. You get my stars.. all of them!
4	I love coming to Postinos.  The food is always good and I like the ambiance of the restaurant. We got the hummus & artichoke platter and a plate of the Bruschetta. The only thing I did not like about our visit tonight was that the hostess forgot to put us on the list and all these people who came in after us were getting seated before us. We were sitting right in front of her and she still forgot to put us on the list. when I finally asked why everyone was getting seated before us she said she thought she put us on the list. So that part was irritating and it made us almost walk out. Beside that , the food tasted delicious.
2	My wife and another couple decided to go to Postinos at 7:00.   We were advised that it was going to be an hour wait. No problem  we will hang out in the front couch and have a few glasses of wine while we wait.  About 10 minutes later the hostess shows up and tells us we can't be sitting there, we say ok....   She moves us to a dining table by the bar, and proceeds to state we can sit here for dinner. After sitting for 30 seconds at the table we started getting soaked by the misters.  One of us went back to the hostess to be moved to a different table. She stated it would take a few minutes.  So we hung out at rear patio area, another 30 minutes went by with no call.  We went up front to the hostess and our name was dropped from the list.  Then they gave us another table up front and it too was soaked with water from the misters.   Now an hour and 20 minutes have gone by with no seating in sight.    Very disappointed at Postinos The wait staff with the drinks and water were great, but we will never  go there again. We walked across the street to Liberty Market and had our meal there within 20 minutes. It was excellent too.
1	Very disappointed last night.  I have heard for years how fabulous Postinos is so last night my wife and I drive half an hour over to Postino's east to have dinner with friends.   We put our names in for a table for 4 for first available, and were told 45 minutes.   An hour and 40 minutes later we were still waiting for a table.   After inquiring inside they offered a table that was so wet from the over zealous misting system that water was running off the table.   All the host could offer at that point was for us to wait for -the next- table.I could have driven to Flagstaff an had dinner in the time this transpired.   We left the restaurant hungry and mad, never having eaten at 8:45ish.Never going back.     Too many other restaurants in the valley to choose from.
2	Finally went to Postinos after many people telling me how good it is. I went in with high exceptions and i was let down. Our food was overpriced and honestly not that good.  We ate on the patio and the misters were leaking on us, my friends pants where completely soaked, the service was ok but nothing special. There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
4	The atmosphere is very elegant. You are able to sit outside or inside. Outside has a bocce green which is actually pretty fun. The food was very different and the selection is very minimal. It was pretty delicious but since there is only a small selection of food some people may not be able to find something they like. This is a rare 4 star review when the food for one reason or another isn't up to my standard. The scenery was that stunning though so I couldn't give lower than 4 stars. Check the menu before you decide to come here to make sure there is something you like.
5	i really dig this bar/restaurant, the environment is the best and the bruschetta is off the chain... also a lot of hot chicks
4	I really enjoyed eating here. We went on a Tuesday and it was packed. We were told they had a 45 minute wait.  We found a couch outside we were told we could sit at, so we went there. I ordered a nice pinot noir and we had a meat and cheese board to start.  The board had 4 meats, cheese, hummus, and plenty  of olives . Next we had bruschetta. I had a board that had Apple, brie and fig preserve,  one that had figs and marscapone, one smoked salmon and the last had bacon. I normally pass on bread, but this was worth it.
4	Ahh...Postino. This place is perfect if you're looking for a light dinner and a glass of wine. I've been here on several occasions and always seem to have the bruschetta...but who doesn't? Great place for a date or girls night. If you live in Gilbert, Mesa, or Chandler, Postino is definitely a place to be.Overall, head to Postino for the perfect glass of wine and bruschetta.
5	I can't say enough good things about Postino. As far as locations go, I think Gilbert has the best food overall followed by Postino Arcadia and then Postino Central, but I would give all of them 5 stars except Postino Central which I gave 4 (due to freshness of ingredients). If this is your first time trying Postino, you MUST try the bruschetta. It is out of this world. I've been to a couple of different other places that seem as if they are trying to copy Postino's bruschetta, but it is never as good. Aside from the bruschetta, the salads are wonderful, all of them, my favorite being the italian picnic. Most importantly, the wine is amazing at Postino. If you are not sure which to try, ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better, on Mondays and Tuesdays if you come at 8pm they have their special - any bottle of wine AND a tray of bruschetta! It cannot be beat!!
5	Two thumbs way up for everything Postinos has to offer. This is a great place to go for a relaxing evening. Lovely ambiance, great food, and amazing service. Everyone is willing to help your table with whatever you need. The food is fresh and light. If you are a fan of bruschetta then you will really enjoy the selection here.
5	Phenomenal! Great experience today at Postino. I had been wanting to try the bruschetta here after hearing rave reviews from many of my friends and it did not disappoint. Met my sister and mom here for an antipasti lunch and everything was delicious. We were seated at a table in the middle of the restaurant. Water was served pretty much the moment we sat down which was great. Everyone working here seemed to be very happy and upbeat. We started off with one waitress who took our wine order and gave us some nice suggestions. I think she must have been transitioning shifts because another gentleman (presumably a manager) came out and took our food order. A few minutes later another waitress introduced herself and said she was taking over but even through all of that transition, wine was promptly served, food came out quickly and it all went smoothly. Waitress number three was with us the rest of the time and she was really nice and attentive.For $14 you get a choice of four bruschetta's. We chose the apple and brie with fig, artichoke spread, fontina with bacon and tomato and salami with pesto. All were very good. The apple and brie with fig is very sweet so I liked saving that one for the end. We also order the soft pretzels with chorizo and white cheddar, it came out served with a variety of pickles, nuts and mustard and was delish! I am a girl who likes a combination of textures so this was very appealing. Everything was great. Atmosphere was relaxing for the lunch hour. Service was great. $5 wine from 11am-5pm. I spotted someone noshing on a salted caramel sundae before leaving and I felt quite sad that I did not indulge in one of those. It gives me an excuse to come back. I will be back!
2	Upon my third visit to Postino's it was so busy that the wait was over an hour to get a table for two at 9 PM on a weekday. Postino's only takes reservations for parties over 8. Called the next day after making arrangements to bring a group of 10 to the restaurant and was informed that since they already had a few other big tables with reservations we were out of luck. They suggested we show up early and wait. I asked if they had room for us and they said "yes but we do not like having that many big parties with reservations." Why have a policy that makes you have a big party to make a reservation if you will not give such a reservation even if there is room for one? I am glad the establishment is doing well but I feel that this is unfair service.
5	Great food, service & ambiance!!! I forgot we were in Gilbert... Best bruschetta, bellinis & red pepper & Gouda soup. Our waitress was so helpful. Will be back soon!!!
4	Delicious food.  The day we were there, roasted red pepper gouda was the soup - so so good!  I also had the vegetarian panini - enjoyed that too.  The environment at lunchtime on a Monday was loud but in a funky, fun, "our business is thriving" kind of way.  We had people refilling our drinks constantly (maybe a little too often actually!).  A great place for a yummy lunch.
5	This place is ugh-mazing. I come here often and love the service, the wine, the people and especially the bruschetta. Not to mention the brunch is incredible too!Yes, sometimes the wait is a little long, but I promise you, IT'S WORTH THE WAIT. I've been to a couple of other imitation locations and they don't even come close. Postinos East is a MUST-GO if you're looking for a girls night out, romantic dinner setting, double date night, sexy brunch time :-) ...whatever the occassion. We've had several small group bday celebrations here. Anything over 8 people is tough for them but they usually make it work. The outside grassy area is perfect for a picnic lunch or dinner. You bring the blanket and they bring the service. You can also arrange large parties out there but I think you pay/order all the tables and chairs. Not sure but I've seen it done and it seemes like a quaint space for the large group.Postinos East delivers phenomenal service and food 100% of the time.
5	Delicious Bruschettas, Great Wine & Beers and amazing customer service. Everyone here is very nice and helpful. I love the building and the area out back of the restaurant. Although I mostly come here to have drinks after work, I have eaten here a few times. The Bruschettas are all good and you get to pick 4 different ones. I have also been here for brunch. Great coffee and the I got the Yogurt, fruit and granola. It was very good and it's perfect if you're looking for a light breakfast on the weekend. Two thumbs up.
5	Ive been here a few times now and have had excellent service, food and wine. I ordered a wonderful Pinot Noir and I always seem to have good luck with the paninis. Definitely a great place for a light meal and glass of wine. They have great deal too, from 11am-5pm any glass of wine is 5 bucks, so its not a bank breaker. Great place for a date or a just a good time.
4	Great atmosphere. The perfect blend of upscale dining and casual atmosphere. You can choose to sit inside, at the bar, on the patio, or even out in the grass. Great appetizers. We like to make a whole meal out of them by picking a few different bruschettas and maybe a sandwich. And you must try the cucumber, honey limeade. So refreshing!
5	One word: Bruschetta. Literally amazing. The environment is extremely comfortable. I could literally spend hours here. Great service, great food. We will be back as often as our checking accounts allow.
5	Great food and wine selection. We were so full with out that gross heavy feeling. Even when the wind and rain came in hard they handled it great and had positive attitudes. I was there with my sister, who is pregnant, and they got us sat inside ad quickly as they could. The whole staff seem to work together at covering the floor- and consider the whole restaurant as their "section". As a restaurant manager I can really appreciate that. It ensures that every guest is getting taken care of.If I lived in the area this would be a new hang out for me. I certainly know my sister and husband will be enjoying future experiences there!!
3	I've been hearing about this place since it opened. I must have missed something cause...it wasnt that great. The atmosphere was nice. The employees were nice. The wine and beer selection were nice....but when I go to a place with an Italian name like Postino's, I expect them to have an amazing Italian sandwich. The sandwich that I got was not amazing, not great, not good, not nice. Probably the worst Italian sandwich I've ever had. The little side salad that they served with it was money, but the sando needs some work. The meat was funky, the foccicia was oily and the spicy relish on it just tasted off. I'll go back again to give them another shot definitely need to order something else.
4	Always love Postino.  Whether  for happy hour with colleagues or after dinner out with friends.  It is always enjoyable.  The only reason it is not 5 stars is that there is always a wait (which is not bad) but there is plenty of room out back and could be more seating.  Otherwise, a 5 star experience every time.
5	Wonderful place I cannot say enough  good about Postinos! Great food love the chicken salad:) Happy hour 11-5  (seven days a week) who doesn't  like that!  Service is always perfect! You will not regret your visit its a must :)
5	One of my wife's favorite places. Unfortunately it's always packed but that means everyone else loves it too! Great wine and little bites of food to eat!!
5	Came out here for a girls night and had a fantastic time. they have great seating inside or out. The bruschetta board was excellent and the wine selection was great!
5	Love postinos! The Monday and Tuesday wine and bruschetta special is awesome! The food is delicious and I love the atmosphere!
4	My first time at Postino's was for brunch with a friend. We both ordered the scrambled eggs with fresh fruit and shared some of the walnut toast with Brie cheese and jam, my oh my was it delicious! My second trip was for dinner with a group of girls, I wanted to try the bruschetta but we weren't all agreeable so we each ordered a 1/2 sandwich and salad combo. I ordered a chicken sandwich and it was pretty bland, the bread was super thick and on the almost too hard side and I had a hard time eating it, my mouth was all torn up. I think this place is great based on my first experience. I would like to go back for brunch and I will give the bruschetta a try for dinner if we go again. I would hope they add a few more items to their dinner menu.
5	I eat at Postino's for lunch occasionally and really enjoy it.  It definitely has a bit of counter culture flavor - a few tattoo's showing on staff and a wine bar in a heavily Morman area.  that said, the food is awesome.  The only criticism is the menu's a little short compared to a similar wine bar in Mesa.  The wine is very competitively priced and they have their wine by the glass "happy hour" which lasts all afternoon.  The staff is very professional - I haven't had a poor waiting experience.  Everyone chips in so water's always full and empty dishes quickly cleared away.
5	Postino has great atmosphere and the servers are attentive. I tried the salad here and everything was fresh! I really enjoyed their portion and the dressing.
4	Great place for lunch or Happy Hour, although a bit pricey. Bruschettas are good & love their salads.  But the best is the salted caramel sundae! Yum!
4	Best beer happy hour around and still a huge fan of their bruschetta and the nine iron sandwich. Wines are also great at $5/glass and there's actually a selection instead of just house red or white. Come on a weekday before 5 to avoid the crowd. Our waitress offered to split the check but messed it up afterward. My order of preference amongst the Postino's is Arcadia, East, then Central.
5	There's always a wait on weekends but you expect that at such a simple but great place. The bruschetta boards are amazing!!!! Salads are also really good.
5	We had a perfect evening here. The atmosphere, food, and wine were great. I will be coming back here again and bring more people with me.
5	Stopped around 1 for a glass of wine & bruschetta with the boyfriend.  I've heard so much about Postino & it definitely lived up to the hype.  Luckily, we were able to just walk in without the crazy wait & choose a comfy pair of chairs with a great view of the patio.The waitstaff is amazing.  They seem to really enjoy being there & it shows in the service.  I enjoyed a $5 glass of wine & the boyfriend chose a $5 pitcher of beer... the bruschetta ended up being a little pricey but it went above and beyond what I expected from bruschetta.  Delicious.  It was worth the drive to downtown Gilbert.  All in all, a very cute date spot.  I love the lawn in the back!  The overall style is so modern without being stuffy-- it's definitely a place you'll want to stay.  I wish more places were like Postino.
4	I am a big fan of their bruschetta, very unique that they put ingredients other than the boring old tomatoes on top.  They have a lot of different wines and craft beers.  There is also a really good happy hour which is good for celebrations with a group.  It gets pretty crowded at dinner time.  The sandwiches are huge in portion and salads are very tasty.  It was the first place my boyfriend took me to when I was visiting in AZ so I guess it also has some sentimental value.  The atmosphere is really romantic and really good for date night, the noise level is moderate so you don't have to shout across the table trying to talk to each other.  The breakfast food is not too bad either, pretty healthy balanced breakfast.  I just love the decor and feel of the place.  There are huge garage like doors that open up to the outside patio.  The staff are also very attentive and nice.  What to order:Bruschetta - my favorites include brie and apple, warm creamy artichoke, prosciutto and figsPaninis - roast beef
4	Great place for wine and delicious food. The bruschetta is a must have every time I go. Want to have a nice dinner with a cool ambiance go to this place.
5	Amazing is the only way to describe this place! Atmosphere is low key, trendy, & fun and their bruschetta is the best around. Go for happy hour, sit on the patio and enjoy a $5 glass or wine or pitcher of beer and a board of bruschetta. Or go on Monday & Tuesday after 8pm get a bottle of wine and a board of bruschetta for only $20. You won't be disappointed!
4	Their happy hour prices are amazing for wines! We had the half sandwiches with soup and it was really fresh and light. Okay service but the atmosphere is so easy and comfortable!
4	Amazing atmosphere that will make you forget you're in Arizona. Hip and cool without being pretentious. Immediately greeted by MGMT and Arcade Fire coming through the speakers - this is my kind of place.As other reviews indicate the bruschetta is the star here. If you're not into big meals I recommend ordering just a bruschetta platter (and possibly splitting it with a friend or date) and skipping to dessert. I was too full to finish my panini. It was good, but not as stellar as the bruschetta. Service was near perfect. Everyone was friendly without being overbearing.
5	Nice place to relax and have a late Saturday afternoon lunch. We started with the Bruschetta plate, my fav is the prosciutto, figs and mascarpone. Then came the Italian Picnic Salad with chicken. A great experience and a nice ambience.
4	Glad to have a comfy wine bar on the East side. I love Postino, and would eat there every day if they served their Roasted Red Pepper & Gouda soup more regularly.
2	Great food, we had the bottle and bruschetta $20 deal. The Olives appetizer was good. Sandwiches were good. Our service was terrible. Our waiter was inattentive, scatterbrained, and impatient. It literally took 3 people and 53 minutes to figure out how to split a $125 check 5 ways. We had to explain 3 times with letters and a corresponding key for each credit card.
5	I can't get enough of this place. I frequent almost once a week. The drinks, food, atmosphere so phenomenal. Very trendy but relaxed. Their happy hour is great and late night happy hour on Monday and Tuesday I have yet to try. Sometimes there is quite a wait but I can understand why for being one of the only places of its kind in the Gilbert area. Definitely have to try their bruschetta board. I've tried all of them and they all are very good though our faves are the Brie and apple, burrata bacon, and tomato jam. Totally obsessed with their pub board as their warm salty pretzels are killer. Love love love this place!
5	I love all the Postino locations, but Postino East may be my favorite. Conveniently located in Downtown Gilbert, this Postino never disappoints with delicious bruschetta, amazing sandwiches, and great happy hour deals. Not to mention the staff and service is phenomenal. Postino is a must-go for locals and out of towners alike.
5	Looks like we maaaade iiiiiiit....to review 200!Now that I've got a Barry Manilow song stuck in your head (you're welcome), it's time to show some love for Postino, my favorite local place before I was a Phoenix local.First things first-the staff here is ridiculously nice. They are friendly, helpful with the menu and attentive; this is a glass half full place. As in my glass is never less than half full.Postino has a simple but solid menu of appetizers, soups and sandwiches along with a killer wine list that gets rotated out seasonally. My first visit here a couple of years ago (the downtown location) involved the Nine Iron sandwich, a sandwich that will fulfill your dreams of bacon and burrata on a delicious carby pillow of your choice of focaccia or ciabatta. I don't know if the bread is made in house but it's fresh and the ciabatta doesn't cut the roof of your mouth like it usually does at lesser sandwich shops. They use the same ciabatta for their brushcetta board which comes in fun combinations like proscuitto and figs, salami and pesto and brie with apples. You get a choice of four different kinds and honestly if you're dining solo this makes a good lunch (or dinner). Their roasted red pepper soup has a cult-like following and I now know why. Think of the most delicious tomato soup you've ever had and multiply it by 100. It's a soup that I would eat in the dead heat of summer because it's one of those comfort foods that knows no season-it's just GOOD. They offer happy hour from 11A-5P, $5 glasses of wine, bellinis and mimosas and I've yet to have a drink that has offended me. Everything is reasonably priced including a $10, pick two option of soup, salad and 1/2 sandwich which is usually what I do. Postino is on my short list of go-to lunch places, single girl dinner places and places to bring out of town friends. Also probably a good date spot...working on investigating that!
4	Only reason for four stars instead of five is the NOISE LEVEL. The food is always consistently good and the extensive wine list is superb. I seem to always get the Butcher Block as an appetizer and it fills me up, which is too bad because their paninis and incredible bruschettas are worth driving across town for. All the wait staff are wonderful, helpful, adorable and extremely accommodating.
3	I'm updating my review because as much as I really love coming here, I have to say the bruschetta has really been lacking lately.  The bread has been hard (like stale hard) and the bruschetta toppings have been skimpy. It's been 2 or 3 times now so I had to review again. Hoping they'll read this and make improvements.
5	Wow, this place is bomb. I like this location better because it is less pretentious. Sometimes a chic wants to eat good and talk ish in her sweats. And I always feel welcomed. The bruschetta is a must. Yes it's pricey but worth it. On a perfect weekend afternoon this is the place to brunch at. The sandwiches are heaven. Just order, enjoy and brag to everyone later. It's so worth it, it's silly.
5	Awesome serivce every time! The food is good too:)I love their Monday Tuesday specials!
5	Amazing food and a great atmosphere. Service was quick and polite. What more can you ask for!
5	Went with a group of girlfriends, wonderful happy hour, the service was incredible. I will definitely come back. Make sure you try the butchers block, it was to die for!
5	We finally had Brunch at Postino's East and it was amazing! We shard the Farmhouse Scramble and the French Toast. The scramble was perfectly cooked - the potatoes flavorful and the gruyere was the perfect cheese. The side salad and tomatoes were the perfect accompaniment.The french toast was by far the best restaurant french toast I've eaten in a LONG time. I make my own french toast that my husband and I both drool over - but Postino's has definitely mastered their french toast dish. The creme fresh with sliced almonds and the fresh fruit compote....need I say more?
5	Love this place. My family and I come here when ever we can. My two boys just love the butchers block, and the cheese plank. Their happy hour deal is awesome too $5 pitchers. The outside patio is also fun to hang out and relax.
5	I've been here twice now and absolutely LOVE it. I don't even care that you have to wait an hour to get a table because the little outside waiting area has a server to bring you a glass or even bottle of wine! I love, love, love the bruschetta. It's so delicious. I moved to Gilbert so I am looking forward to going for happy hour soon. You will not be disappointed when you dine here!
5	I'm visiting from Utah and some friends told me this was their favorite spot. On our way walking up to the restaurant, my heel on my boot decided to break off. Laughing it off, we were seated at the couches and tried ourselves to attempt to get the shoe on. Within seconds, the manager appears at our table with superglue and comes over to aid me. Seriously? Incredible. After minutes of attempting to glue it back on, we chalked it up for a loss. After 20 minutes, he comes back with a power drill and says "let's try this again". He then attempted AGAIN to fix my shoe. I have never experienced better customer service than this place. This guy was incredible. Regardless of the food (which was the best artichoke dip and best bruschetta I've ever had) I rate it 5 stars from his kindness.
5	We are currently sitting here at the bar at Postino's East.  I was on the fence about what to order for breakfast and Jax ordered us up one of the new menu items, Crepes with a Carmel, banana, topping. They aren't super sweet if that's what your worried about.  If your unsure order them I swear you'll love them.
5	This wine bar is so romantic! It has wonderful service and the atmosphere is so relaxing. Wine selection is impressive and the bruschetta is absolutely delicious!
3	The bruschetta here is top notch, but I actually enjoyed Postino Central more, and the reason had more to do with the overall experience than the food. The one thing my husband and I really didn't enjoy about our trip to Postino East is that the restaurant itself is a little crammed, and where we were seated, we kept getting bumped into by servers and other guests going to the bathroom or the bar. It really kind of ruined the romantic vibe of the restaurant and made our date night feel a lot less intimate.
4	Go for the happy hour -- $5 glasses of good wine on a lovely patio are always the best way to spend an afternoon! The wine selection here is always excellent, especially the whites -- I'm normally a red wine drinker but at Postino I feel confident branching out to the pale side.As for food, I've never tried a bruschetta here I didn't like, it lives up to its reputation. I also recommend the brunch on weekends: the menu is somewhat small but the choices are delicious -- I've had the farm scramble and also the walnut bread with brie and jam is to-die-for.This being an Italian sort of menu, there isn't much in the way of gluten-free options, but if all you can have is wine, there's nothing wrong with that!
5	Loved this place. I live really close and was disappointed in myself I hadn't gone yet. My wife and her girlfriends go frequently for the bottle of wine and platter deal they have there. The food is outstanding - fresh ingredients and tasteful. Staff can be a bit wine restaurant snooty but nonetheless they were on top of their game and we never waited (large group of 12). Look forward to going back frequently.
1	I'm just really disappointed. I usually love it here but... Basically I have family in town I brought some of them here last week and it was great.... Not today. The butcher block was half the size from last week. And missing items from it.  We even had a pic to prove the size difference. Just really annoying that the portions are not consistent.
5	This newest location is absolutely beautiful and fits in perfect with their urban style building.  Looks like they reworked another old brick building and made it amazing. Open and airy yet warm and inviting.The Select Two for $10 lunch is so reasonable and tasty! The wide selection of panini & salads is perfect for the picky eater.  My guest got a bowl of soup that was delicious as well.Thanks Postino's!
4	Ok so after complaining (nicely) they brought us a new butcher's block and also comped it. Which was good but... Still annoying that we had to say something and listen to them make excuses.
3	I've been to this place 4 times now and I still cant put my finger on why its just average. It could be the Very Average service we recieve, or the mediocre food I seem to gravitate to. Pro's: Great location, beautiful decor, tons of people watching. (my favorite) Happy hour menu is ok, however it stops at 6, so hopefully you get off work prior to 5pm because if not, you'll need to be double fisted to get your buzz. If you do arrive before 5pm the menu has tons of good options to drink and eat. The brunch menu on Sunday is nice also. Con's: Service always seems to be a little off. Not sure why but every server I've ever had has been MIA most of the time. Always looking for another refill of water, where's my drink alot and can we get the check since we've been sitting here with empty plates and glasses for the pass 30 minutes. In the end I always leave a little dissapointed and enter anxious that this time it will be different.
5	Love, Love, Love Postino.  My wife and I make our weekend pilgrimage here as often as possible.  With daily happy hour until 5 pm that includes any glass of wine or small pitcher of beer for $5, no wonder this place is always packed.The patio is fantastic and the service is always A+.  We often bring friends or family that have not experienced Postino and they are always impressed by the prices and the employee attentiveness.  Doesn't hurt that the bruchetta board is to die for!!It can be pretty busy on a weekend afternoon so be prepared to possibly wait for a table.  Well worth it though!
1	Lots of empty tables ... 25-30 minute wait for brunch for two ... Must not be cool enough for this place.  Joyride ...  operated by the same company ... next door rocks.  Can't figure that out.
5	I have been hearing great things about this place but had not had a chance to check it out until last weekend. OMG, this place is great! Their food tastes fresh and the portions leave you full with enough to take home if you choose to. They have some of the most unique selection of wines and all the staff is very knowledgeable. My girlfriend is a beer geek and was uber impressed with the craft selection.    What impressed me most was the staff. Not only was everyone friendly and knowledgable but they really appeared to enjoy working! They seemed to work as a unit. It felt like we had a whole team waiting on us hand and foot aiming to please us. We have been to many restaurants and never felt so welcomed.
5	Service: Amazing. Food: Amazing. Overall experience: Amazing. We came here for wine and nosh and loved it. First time here too. Our server McKinnley was very helpful.
5	Enjoyed lunch.  Love the Bruschetta boards! Salads and panini great also.  Pleasant outdoor seating.
5	In love with this place! This restaurant has been about 80 different things before they bought it and so happy they did! Finally, something to do in downtown Gilbert . Service is always fantastic and of course the food, drink, and atmosphere are fabulous. I've been about 10 times and it's never a bad experience.
5	Great food as always thanks postino
4	Very nice sitting out on the patio.  The bruschetta was delicious.  I can't wait to go back and try some more things.
2	I hate to give such a terrible review for a restaurant I love, but the food and wine just can't make up for the horrible service we received tonight. We sat at the outside bar, and he first bartender, Patrick, was wonderful. Attentive, pleasant, and made sure we didn't go more than a few minutes without acknowledgement (and he was busy!). Unfortunately, 30 minutes into our stay, he was tasked with other items and Steve took over. We went about 30 minutes with no acknowledgement whatsoever. We had empty glasses and tried repeatedly to gain his attention, but he apparently thought it was more important to hit on a girl at the other side of the bar than pay attention to his customers. Even when our friend joined us, he didn't take notice - another server stepped in and asked us if we needed anything. Overall it was quite a disappointing experience, especially from somewhere we frequent and have grown to enjoy. I'm sure I will be back, but I will avoid the bar if Steve is working.
5	Every time I come to Postino East, or Central, or Arcadia, I become convinced Postino is the love of my life!!! It's pretty patios are perfect for Fundays with my girls or nights with a fellow. Great wine (their $5 before 5 will be my undoing for sure), yummy carb-based food (but it's okay, because the portions aren't Texas sized, right?!?! Alas, still yummy, yummy, carbs - carbs make me happy though), fun music, incredibly friendly service..... OH! The piece de resistance!!! They are Edie Approved. Which means, this pup becomes the most fervent beggar when the bruschetta lands on the table as she waits and waits for some of the perfectly crispy bacon and crumbs of the crust! It's Pawsivitely perfect for day dates with my mini mutt!
1	Having previously rated this at 5-stars, I wanted to update my review to reflect my experience here the last time and explain why I won't ever be going back...After my girlfriend graduated, she went with her friends to Postino to celebrate over a bottle of wine. They left to do some shopping and decided to go back to Postino and have some food and second bottle of wine. When they returned, the manager said they were "drunk", "could smell liquor on them", and refused to sell them a second bottle of wine. It's worth mentioning that this is a group of 4, who had only had the first bottle of wine earlier, and they even had a designated driver. When they explained that he either has them confused with someone else or is just overreacting, he was rude, and extremely unprofessional. Not to mention, it was pretty embarrassing for them to be treated like that.Needless to say, they left and went to Joy Ride next door... but the story doesn't end there. the manager actually walked over to Joy Ride and talked to the staff in an attempt to get them to refuse service to them at Joy Ride. Thankfully, they did not listen to him and they were able to order food and drinks. This is when I met up with them and tried to enjoy what was left of what should have been a happy day.If I could change my rating to zero stars, I would. UPDATE:I also contacted the company directly to make them aware of this post.  I received an email asking for my phone number so that someone could contact me directly.  I replied with my phone number, however I never received any phone call.  Also, the original post that I made was removed since I had the manager's name in it.  I have reposted it here with the personal information removed.
5	Every Monday night a few buddies and I go out for board and bottle, we have been doing this for a few months now, each time we have had a great time. There are multiple members of the staff, not only our server that night, that take the opportunity to ensure we are having a good time. The servers are sociable and our water glasses are always filled. The food is excellent. We have been doing this for many Mondays, and will continue to do so.
5	This place is so LOVED by everyone of our clients that we decided to have a contest and give away two $25.00 Gift cards for Valentines Day the results were Great!!  I highly recommend everyone check it out on Monday and Tuesday after 8pm for a Great Deal $20.00 bottle of wine and bruschetta tray. Great friendly service and atmosphere.  My wife and I enjoy riding our bikes to Postinos on Monday nights what a great evening. We always take our out of town friends and they look forward to their next visit.  Be sure to have a designated driver. Just saying!!
5	Yummy!  I just love this place, its been dubbed my " first date spot" comfortable, relaxed and great atmosphere especially for the east valley. I am a fan!
5	This place is great! This place is always busy, but not in a bad way. Its a buzzing, positive vibe and everyone seems to be really enjoying themselves. Oddly enough out of the 5-10 times I have been here I have not once been inside!! I always sit on the patio, which is really comfortable. The food is AMAZING and the drinks are awesome too. I love the happy hour deals and I love how nice the servers are. I have never had a bad experience here. I could eat here every day and never get tired of it.
5	It's been almost 2 years since my last review and I've been a frequent flyer here. I love it. I actually have overwhelming cravings for the bruschetta sometimes. They've added a bocce court in the back and everytime I've gone recently there has been live music. And Gilbert being Gilbert, I love how this business has adapted to the community. It's pretty family friendly - as long as your kids are well behaved like mine :p (the kids menu is spot on).Customer service has had it's ups and downs here for me (except for Scott who usually works at the bar. He is amazing and is always super friendly and very knowledgable about the wines and beers), but the quality of the food and the wine and beer selection are always top notch.I love it here. And keep coming back over and over, my diet be damned.
4	great place. got to get their early on their wine and prosciutto special night to get a decent seat. it gets crowded and a bit loud at times but the atmosphere is still nice for hanging out or even a date night. good location to walk old town gilbert while waiting for a table if you show up later.
5	I honestly like this place more for their service than I do their food, and I REALLY like their food. My family and I have been coming here for a while and ALWAYS order a bruschetta board or two. The last time we were here, it took a bit longer than normal for our food, but not obnoxiously so. Before we had a chance to say anything (or really felt the need to), the manager came over and apologized for the wait, offered a 'you're awesome' card (free board of bruschetta), and also offered to pay for our desert. That shows initiative on their behalf. Our server was incredible aswell, ALWAYS attentive to our needs. The food is incredible. The variety of bruschetta leaves something for everyone, and hits every sweet and salty note just right. The paninis are wonderful, also. My personal favorite is the prosciutto and brie and fig. I honestly have yet to have something from here that I just plain don't like. I promise you won't be disappointed.
2	I have been to Postinos quiet a few times and I have to say I'm kind of sick of it. The rude staff, the food that always gives me a tummy ache and the annoying 45 minute wait every time even when I see tables. My best friend and I went last night and both of us woke up this morning with upset stomachs.I just don't think I'll be back- I don't get the appeal anymore. Even though I know I'm clearly in the minority.
3	The variety of bruschetta was excellent! I also enjoyed the fact that they had some local beers on tap. However, the PRICES... do not align with the quality or quantity of the food and drinks. Our tab consisted of: 1 Bruschetta, 2 beers and 2 glasses of wine. This came out to almost $60 with tip.
3	I tried Postino's on a Saturday night for a first date. The restaurant-ish bar was clean and attractive, although not exactly conducive to a first date for me as I prefer a quiet setting so I can hear the conversation.We selected wines recommended by the server and they were good. The food menu was very limited because, as I understand it, they don't have a 'real' kitchen in which they can prepare regular fare. We started with a meat and cheese tray which was over-flowing with nuts, cheeses and cuts of meat I've never seen, heard of, or tasted before. Some were ok, but one of the meats in particular was absolutely horrible. In all fairness, I'm a picky eater, so perhaps it was just me and not the meat. I ordered a chicken panini for my entree. It took a while to get our food and unfortunately, it wasn't worth the wait. I had not had a panini in years and was looking forward to what I remembered being a fantastic, crunchy but gooey mess of chicken and cheese.... sadly, the consistency was more like what I expect tofu would be like. It was mushy through and through. The bread was mushy and the chicken was pasty. It was disappointing to say the least.Overall, my visit was 'ok'. My date thought it was better than I, she probably would have given it 4 stars.
5	My husband and I love coming here for HH to download from the day. Postino's has great food, wine and atmosphere. We always sit at the bar and are very well taken care of by Patrick and Dan.  We stick to the bruschetta board but have tried the roast beef, turkey and chicken sandwiches and they are pretty tasty as well.  The salads are good also but I prefer a sandwich or board.
5	Yummy bruschetta & salad. Always a wait in the evenings, but I don't mind it because they serve beverages while you wait! One of my favorite patios :)
4	I was skeptical given I pretty much hate food like this, laden with veggies, but we were invited by some good friends, so I played the part of the good sport. Fortunately, our table had the good sense to order nearly everything on the menu and share. It was everyone's first time at the table so it gave everyone a chance to try a little bit of everything.We started with the Bella Postino. If I'm being honest, I thought the bread was a little disappointing in terms of quality as well as quantity. We had to ask for more in order to finish the dips. The table did not finish the hummus which I took as a sign that everyone thought it was as boring as I did. While I did not try the artichoke dip, it was easily polished off, a clear thumbs up from the table. I normally go for artichoke dip, but this one was extremely chunky. Seemed more like giants pieces of artichoke and nothing like a dip for me. I prefer a nice smooth creamy/cheesy dip with occasional chunks.Next we blitzed the menu. We ordered all but 3 of the bruschetta's (left off the seasonal, ricotta with dates & pistachios, and white bean with chopped tomato). We ordered the soup of the day (red pepper gouda), and we ordered a few panini's. I had the Nine Iron, but on the recommendation of our server, swapped the dijonnaise for the spicy sun-dried tomato mayo from the chicken & mozzarella panini. Good call by the server because the mayo MADE the panini. It was excellent. Not too spicy, just a mild kick that really gave the panini a flavor worth coming back for more bites when you had a table full of bruschetta. The other panini ordered at the table was the turkey which also had great reviews from the table. Everyone enjoyed the red pepper gouda soup. Hell, I hate red peppers, but the soup was awesome. I could have had a giant bowl of the soup and some soft warm bread and been completely happy with my visit. Here is a list of favorite bruschetta's at our table in no particular order:-Brie & apples with fig spread-Tomato jam & fresh sheeps milk cheese-Burrata, bacon, arugula & tomato-Roasted red peppers with goat cheese-Salami & pestThat said, the first one was so sweet, it could have been ordered as a dessert. Seriously. We mentioned that to the server and she told us that some people do order it as a dessert.Now, I almost never order dessert at a restaurant because I generally feel like I'll get a better dessert at a place that only makes sweets like an ice cream shop or a bakery. However, we ordered 3 of the 4 desserts on their menu. Everything but the affogato. The creme brulee was good, but really lacked the fresh fruit that I think makes a brulee great. The chocolate bouchon was a fancy name for lava cake. I'm not big on these lava cakes in general and this one didn't exceed my expectations. Extreme chocolate flavor, but nothing special here to make it stand out over any other lava cake. The salted caramel sundae was the star of the show. Easily the table favorite. The caramel was amazing. The chocolate covered corn nuts were a sweet & salty stroke of genius and they were subsequently rationed to ensure fair distribution at the table. A few of us agreed that we could see ourselves coming back just to order dessert in the future. I only wished I had a Gene Simmons tongue so I could have licked the sundae completely clean along with the shot glass of salted caramel.Overall, this place was very good. It had something for everyone at our table. It even pleased my picky palate.
2	Food was mediocre at best. The bread for the bruschetta was 2 inches thick and the toppings just seemed to be lacking in every way. Not sure what all the fuss is, the hour wait was not worth it.
5	I've been here for dinner, brunch, and happy hour. I couldn't love a wine bar more than I do this one!....especially for Gilbert! Was there last night and although we waited a good hour to be seated it was WELL worth it. I got the bruschetta of course and so far I've yet to have a bruschetta there that didn't please me. They've got a great selection of wine (not beer though and honestly who wants beer at a wine bar anyway?). We got comfy seating very intimate, I would want a date to take me here for sure! The server was very attentive and I really believed her when she had eaten the menu items she was very knowledgable. If you want a great breakfast this place is the way to go seriously tasterific and the mimosas are abfab. Highly recommend this joint be prepared to wait on the weekends but enjoy a wine while you do because they have a server to assist.
5	I love this place I have been several time and each time I go the food is great. They have a large selection of wines and service was awesome. We were told there would be a 30 min wait and that only ended up being 15 min sat outside the weather was perfect and all us ladies had a great time.
5	The service here is exceptional. The food is delicious, a lot of flavor in smaller portions which is perfect for social occasions. The set up they have for the dogs is really neat too!
5	good place to hangout with friends and enjoy bruschetta :) great selection of wine too
5	Monday and Tues evenings they offer an awesome deal of the century.  A full serving of the best brushetta in town with a great bottle of wine, many choices for $20.00.  Can't get enough!
5	Awesome bruschetta boards and wine! Pruscuitto fig and mascarpone is a must! Also awesome environment to hang out with friends or for a date. Service was extremely friendly and accommodating. We came in after the kitchen had closed but they were so kind to still make us our bruschetta board! Overall great experience!
5	Love, love, love everything here! Postino's is my go to for a fun yet relaxing evening.
5	Love it! The bruschetta is amazing! Ambience is nice although it is quite loud. This is not the place to go if you want to have an in depth conversation unless you want to yell back and forth. But who cares if there is wine involved! So grateful they decided to expand to Gilbert. Downtown Gilbert needed a face lift and Postino has certainly added character to this sleepy suburb.
5	Postino postino postino. A top contender for my favorite spot in Gilbert. We came here for Sunday Funday (3/30) An awesome time. Killer Bruschetta. Killer Paninis. And killer wine and beer specials. Sunshine. Great live music! A perfect day. Kayla was our girl and she was awesome. She had excellent recommendations for us. We will most definitely be back because of her. Do not let her go!
5	Love the food and atmosphere here!! The bruschettas are heaven on a plate - I would eat here more often if it wasn't always jam packed!
1	Ok food but clearly a popular place to be seen. Bartender cool but staff kind of rude. Not worth all the hype. Dont get people waiting an hour to get in. Also dont understand why no liquor..
4	Amazing food, great wine! The atmosphere is relaxed with both indoor and outdoor seating. The only problem I've had is they don't have dedicated servers for the tables. Because of that if something doesn't get put in for your table it takes quite a while for someone to notice you didn't receive what you ordered.
3	I am giving Postino only 3 stars not because of any things I do not like, but because of what I feel it is lacking.  Let me start by saying that Postino East is nicely decorated and comfortable.  The wine selection is nice.  I do wish, however, that there were spirit options.  Now I understand that this is a wine bar but sometimes you want a cocktail.  The food is a tad bit frou-frou for my particular taste buds.  I'd like to see some other options as well.  The other reason is that this is not my favorite is going through downtown Gilbert can be a real hassle between the lack of parking, construction and police and speed zones.  Postino has an air about it....the staff can be a tad bit up-itty.  I will give Postino another and will amend my review if I feel differently.
4	Bruschetta, wine and delicious dessert! I have been a couple of times and haven't been disappointed thus far. I will say that it does get busy, because Gilbert, AZ is lacking alternative places to go to for good drink and atmosphere. So plan on waiting for a table at night. Otherwise, hit up the patio! I will be back!
5	This is one of my favorite places. They have the BEST bruschetta (especially the tomato jam one). They also have an awesome happy hour which includes $5 pitchers of beer, and they have a great selection. The staff is great, everyone is always friendly and service is always prompt. The atmosphere is very comfortable and my husband and I go there on a regular basis.
4	I am giving them a 4 Star as no one is perfect. I read some of the previous reviews both positive and negative. I decided to give them a 3 visit review and see what's going on.First off, the weekend evenings are packed and be prepared for a wait, but for me it was worth it.I started with an assortment of the BRUSCHETTA'S.Brie & Apples with Fig SpreadProsciutto with Figs & MascarponeTomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk CheeseRoasted Peppers with Goat CheeseThe selections were excellent but I settled on these 4 and I was not disappointed. The Fig spread was a wonderful surprise that offers a versatility beyond its pairing with Brie and Apples, which was spectacular.The Tomato Jam and Sheeps Milk Cheese? Wonderful pretty much sums it up.Visit 2 was lunch. I ordered the Autostrada Panini sandwich, the Italian meats were all top shelf quality, but it was the house pepper relish that brought it all together. They should bottle and sell that relish.Visit 3 was Brunch. I brought a friend and went a little overboard on ordering. We started with the Butcher Block which is a wonderful assortment of Italian meats, cheeses, olives,breads, hummus's,and nuts. There were only two of us, but it could easily be the perfect warm up appetizer for 4.Next up was the Farm Scramble, the Ciabatta French Toast and berries with a side of their Applewood Smoked Bacon.I could go on and on describing how good it all was, but I would run out of room. Fabulous!!!!Regarding the service, everybody was nice, seemed to back each other up for water glasses, bussing empty dishes, etc. No complaints here.
5	Every single thing on their menu is  phenomenal. We love the bruschetta and pub board. With $5 wine and beer pitchers every day from 11-5 you can't go wrong!
5	Great place really Loke you can you use no wait app. Also dog friendly  are is a plus
4	Gotta love Postinos, especially this location.  Nestled in the growing nightlife of downtown Gilbert, this place really gives people a relaxing place to enjoy especially when the weather is nice out.  Upscale, but not overly pricey.  If you're a wino this place has a great selection of wines at a pretty reasonable price.  Their $20 bottle and bruschetta deal is killer.
4	We were so excited when we first heard that Postino's had opened closer to where we live ... It's definitely a great hangout spot! We've been there a couple of times now & have had the Bruschetta, the Grilled Cheese, & the Pub Board. I'd say that out of all the offerings, their bruschetta is definitely the best! The Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, and the Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios are my favorites. The Pub Board & Grilled cheese were quite good (especially since the Grilled Cheese came with a variety of dipping sauces & the Pub Board was pretty large), but they weren't as good as the bruschetta. If you're a wine drinker,  $5 for a glass is a pretty good deal. The only thing is that the wait times are normally really long, especially if you go in the evening and because most people enjoy sitting & drinking wine while chatting with their party, the wait times they tell you are normally not very accurate.
5	I love this place! Everything I've had here is good. The staff is friendly and attentive. The only problem is that there is usually a wait, no matter when you go. But, it is totally worth the wait.
5	My boss invited the whole team here several months ago for happy hour. I have to say this is the best happy hour place I have ever been to. The price for food and wine is friendly. They have diversity choices for the BRUSCHETTA, which can perfectly go with different wines. The only complain I might have is that it is not a place for a single person, cause the size of their dishes are too much to finish.
5	Great food, great atmosphere. Always a great experience! I love the butcher block appetizer and the bruschetta has so many different varieties, its hard to go wrong.
5	Amazing food and wine options. Bruschetta planks or the Mediterranean salad are my go to menu choices, but every time I try something new, I'm always pleasantly surprised. Indoor and outdoor seating options, and even a more lounge like grassy area to the side if you just want to chat and relax. Super dog friendly spot. We love to throw our pup in the backseat and take her with us for lunch. They offer puppy water and the staff always treats your dog like a welcomed guest! It's a team atmosphere (all servers pool tips) so you seem to get very consistent service since everyone is helping everyone. You do have a main server, but if your server isn't readily available and you need something, you don't have to feel bad about asking another walking by employee. One of my favorite date spots, meet up with the girlfriends, or really for any occasion. They have some great specials too! Monday and Tuesday nights are $20 for a bottle of wine and a plank of bruschetta, glasses of wine and pitchers of beer are $5 before 5pm everyday, and all day everyday they offer bellinis and mimosas for $5! Definitely worth checking out :)
4	Got a great thing going always excellent service! Good wine selection. Food is just ok works for what it is but is way more about the wine and atmosphere and service then food options available. Still tasty but for  foodies just....hmmm.
5	Needed a reservation because we wanted to bring my elderly grandma to the restaurant. Derick was more than accommodating! So grateful for wonderful service :)
5	This is the Best Bruschetta in the universe! I have tried it at four other restaurants and you are number one!I know you are not suppose to lick your fingers, but I have a hard time not licking the plate =) Well worth the wait and the price.
5	I absolutely adore Postinos. I make it a point to stop by each time I'm in town. I'm posting today because about a month or so ago, I was having brunch with about 7 or 8 of my girlfriends.  I'm always so impressed with how smoothly everything operates. Seriously, this place is a well oiled machine.Anyway, our servers were so diligent with us and so lovely.  What really made us happy though, is that apparently it took our food a little bit longer to hit our table, so to make up for it the Manager came to our table to apologize and gave us a bunch of coupons. We were so shocked because we didn't even notice lol. Great great service. See you soon Postinos
5	Finally made it for brunch. Was not disappointed. I had the French toast. Went on a sunny, beautiful Saturday morning. The sliding glass doors were all open. Great food, service, and experience.
5	Try the bruschetta, my favorite was the goat cheese and pepper. The service was good and the place has a very trendy feel to it. The menu is limited but the good was good. It was loud and the music could be turned down a bit to be able to carry a conversation.  The outdoor area is really nice.
4	Downtown Gilbert is so family friendly it can make the most diehard single guy gag. That is why it was surprising to see all the happy gilbert folks dishing out scottsdale prices for their bread covered in toppings. The food, while overpriced and smallish portions to share, is pretty decent and decent looking. I only managed to share a cheese board on the first half of an eventual failed two-tier date. The board had three cheeses of your choice and the hard cheddar was the best pick out of the brie and another one that looked like cottage cheese. The rest of the board had six small pieces of bread (half toasted, half not), a bunch of mixed nuts and good apriot jam and regular dried apricot. Not sure of the happy hour deals on food, but if you can get it half off the $15, it would be a deal.   Basically, the place gets a good review because we were there between 11 and 5pm and all glasses of wine were five bucks. Now, that is a deal and a good way to make out with your date soon after.
5	Great place. The service was superb. The bruschetta we started with was fantastic. My favorite had prosciutto figs and cheese. Delicious. I thought the prosciutto brie and fig jam panini was to die for. Although it's a wine bar we drank beer because that's more my style and they had a great selection of craft and local beers and its only 7.50 for a pitcher.More than the food and drink the ambience was great such a pleasant outdoor seating area with live music. I appreciated the very chill nature of the place and think this is a great place to hang out and have a leisurely meal with friends. Very hip vibes but no too pricey and a diverse crowd.Wish I was a local because if so this would be my new hang out.
5	What an awesome place for great food and a fun atmosphere. We had a party of 16, took up the four couches up front, but the staff was great, very accommodating and prompt with food and drinks. Loved the music, as it felt like they were playing straight from my Pandora stations (Foo Fighters, The Black Keys, Cake, Beck). Had the nine iron panini and hefeweisen. Great deal on the mini pitchers. $7.5, which got you a little more than two beers. We went out of our way to go here and I would recommend anyone else to do the same!
5	One of my fav places in Gilbert. Great food,  good atmosphere and awesome patio. The best is their bruschetta boards!! They also have great brunch on Sat & Sun. Definitely a place worth checking out.
4	Great ambiance, great drinks, and great food. My friend and I shared the brushetta (gluten-free costs an additional $2) and selected 4 different flavors. I absolutely loved the goat cheese and pepper since the two go perfectly together. Pair a bellini with the plate, and voila! BLISS!!!Glasses of wine are only $5 during happy hour :)
4	Love their brunch here, French toast is the best, but absolutely the worst coffee, they could do better by getting it from circle k.  Service is top notch 5 stars if they ever fix the coffee..
5	Love coming here and always consider it a treat when I do! Good for a date night or catching up with friends.  I've had every bruschetta and each one was delicious. I've also tried some sandwiches and salads. If it's your first time, you definitely need to get the bruschetta.  It does get busy on their bruschetta + wine combo nights so I recommend getting there early or just plan on waiting a while. So glad they moved to the east valley!
4	Postino's has phenomenal food and wine list.  My husband and I dined there before 5:00 p.m. and was delighted to discover all glasses of wine were only $5.00.  We were able to try several varieties.  Service was knowledgeable and attentive.  The patio was comfortable and relaxing.  We will definitely return with friends.
5	The bruschetta is amazing. My favorite is the artichoke one. The East location also does an excellent job making gluten free food. The bruschetta can be made on tomatoes or green apples.
5	Great place, the outdoor seating is amazing. The staff is very helpful and attentive. Great wine list and the cheese platter is fantastic.
5	It is too kid friendly!  I was cautious about going here for dinner, because it's a wine bar, and yelp says it's not good for kids in it's little details of the bar.  We're only here for a short time so I'm not ok with using a babysitter because we know nobody, so the kids had to come with on our "date night".  So we brought our 2 boys, armed with an iPhone and Nintendo DS and we said a little prayer that they wouldn't kick us out.  Anyways, the details need to be revised, it has a kids menu for Pete's sake, it was totally kid friendly.  And the kids meals for my little rugrats came with cute toys, little gumbie bendable alien toys and these weird little wax sticks so they could build wax creations at the table.  And there's a lawn with outdoor games, think I saw lawn bowling.  There were misters everywhere and plenty of outdoor seating, some couches, and fab 90's music that reminded me of being in college.  They didn't take reservations for small parties, but they took my number when we got there and sent me a text when the table was available, so I could wander around to the antique shop across the street during the wait.  Oh and the food and wine were great too.
3	Had a girl's night out early dinner here. Ordered the bruschetta board with the warm artichoke, prosciutto/fig, apple/Brie, and date/pistachio selection.Nothing memorable about any of them. The restaurant itself was nice, and would make for a good date.
4	Great atmosphere,  amazing good and always great wine, we have never waited long to be seated as hey are usually quick to seat you. Will definately continue to go back!
5	The cucumber lemonade should get 5 stars on their own. I love lemonade and I love cucumbers. Amazingness in my mouth! We had come for breakfast and now there wasn't much on their breakfast menu it's more of a place to come for obviously wine and bruschetta which is fine but good god I love the cucumber lemonade so much more than any other lemonade I've tried elsewhere next to hot dog on a stick(I know definitely now what you expected me to say right? Lol) anyhow i have yet to try the rest of the stuff here so we will add more next time we go!
5	I love this place. My man and I sit at the bar and drink wine and beer and eat bruschetta. I don't always love the soup but I never dislike it. Tomatoes and mozzarella are a hit. Italian picnic salad is awesome. Even the grilled cheese rocks. Bartenders are always friendly especially the dude with the headband and the other tall guy who's name I always forget.
5	Every time I go to this postinos I always get great service! Sometimes the wait is long but totally worth it! I recommend any of the bruschetta!!
4	Great place. I was expecting a full Italian dinner selection, but it was Panini's and appetizers. Well worth the visit.
5	We were sat promptly and that was just the beginning of our awesome experience at Postino East.  Our wait staff (led by McKinley) were excellent and the food was very tasty.  The menu was straightforward and all of the recommendations from our server were amazing!  We will definitely be returning, and raving to all of our friends in the meantime.
5	Everything is fantastic!! We love how all of the employees work as a team, they are all so helpful! Bruschetta is a MUST! The Butcher Block is also amazing! Who am I kidding everything they have is great, so fresh, delicious and obviously made to order!
5	What can you say about this place that hasn't already been said.  I was nervous about them building one in the east valley because I just can't stay away...it's that good!The bruschetta is some of the best you will ever have.  They just make an investment in good quality ingredients and you can tell in your first bite.  I am so messed up now because I see bruschetta on menus at other restaurants and I just laugh.  No one does this better that Postino.The wine section is over the top and you have to get there before five so you can get multiple libations for give bucks. There's always the mainstays of mimosas or bellinis for five bucks at any time if cash is tight.  Room at the bar is always tight so get there early.  If there's a wait (which will happen on Friday and Saturday night), walk around because downtown Gilbert has lots to do.  They will text you when your table is ready.  This place is one of my mainstays and is always good.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat when I crave for italian. The bruschetta boards here are amazing. The combination of brie and apple with fig spread, how delicious! Warm artichoke spread and Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese are my favorites here. I love the ambiance of this place, they have couches and tables in the patio. I saw people lay their mats and had a picnic outside but not perfect for this 100' weather. I just want to go back and sink my teeth on those delicious bruschetta.
5	This place was amazing! Great outdoor seating area, fantastic service, very chill ambience, live music... So many great things to say about it! We tried the bruschetta platter & each kind was fabulous! Then we got a few different paninis & those were to die for as well... They call themselves a wine bar, but also have a great selection of beers & you can't beat the prices! If I lived nearby, I'd for sure be a regular!
4	Breakfast at Postino's is just as good as their dinner. Also means the personal French Press they give you gets put to good use :) Great alternative to Liberty Cafe on a weekend which is right across the street and always 10x more crowded during breakfast. Not as much variety on the breakfast menu but their options are tasty and always very well made. Only complaint is that the indoor seating area seems very dark - even during morning hours. Sitting outside is always nice but given the summer heat encroaching as early as 9am it's difficult to be completely comfortable outside for a full meal.
5	We live down the street so its easy to stop in when we're feeling like a great glass of wine and their signature bruschetta. I have never been dissappointed. Sometimes I wish they would expand their menu, Its somewhat limited - bruschetta, salad or sandwiches.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! Postino is my favorite wine bar in the East Valley. The best nights to go are Monday and Tuesday nights to take advantage of their $20 house bottle of wine and board of bruschetta deal. The deal starts at 8pm but be prepared to wait about an hour for a table...it's definitely worth the wait! My favorite summer wine is the Biutiful Brut Rose which pairs well with the Brie & Apples with fig bruschetta. The atmosphere is so classy, the staff is knowledgeable about the wines and the patio is inviting! I will definitely be a regular here!
5	We've been here twice and have enjoyed both experiences.First, the staff was great.  They new their menu and wine selection well, and were very attentive.We had lunch the first time, so glasses of wine were just $5.  We tried the autostrada sandwich, which was delicious, as was the salad.We came back for happy hour another day and had a bruschetta platter that was amazing along with the pub board, a delicious mix of flavors.My wife's favorite part was the music, which had a classic rock vibe.We'll be back!
5	Happy hour and bruschetta what more can You ask for?! I always come here whenever I visit arizona. They have happy hour for 20 that comes with a bottle of wine and a plate of bruschetta. My favorite is the salmon and apples. If you're looking for a good place with food and drinks this is the place to come on a nice summer day. $5 wine glasses till 5pm!
4	Great spot for drinks and noshing...Now if the other people in front of me in line would just go away....
5	Postino is a 5 star wine bar. They have the nicest staff you could ever find and treat you like a friend. They have single-handedly turned downtown Gilbert into a hot spot. Go there for lunch and those $5 glasses of wine will make you want to skip the rest of your workday, lol
4	Wonderful trays of food. Here's the deal, you  want to plan to share. Great group go to!  It is LOUD, so don't plan the DTR talk for this place. Quite a wait too. But fun different and great taste. Wine selection great as well as adventurous for some!
5	I love this place. I spend way too much time and money here but the food is great, the wine is plentiful, and the servers are quick and nice. It's also a really fun atmosphere. I've been on dates here, had girls' nights here, and even took my dad here for a nice Sunday lunch. (They even have live music Sunday afternoons!) And you definitely can't beat their board and bottle deal. Yum!
5	OMG! This is one of my new favorite places!! Happy Hour every day from 11am to 5pm is fantastic.  Tried the bruschetta board, loved every one I had, each one is fantastic in its one way.  All the flavors are perfectly balanced.  The bread is soft but holds up and doesn't get soggy, it was absolute perfection!
5	Main Points:-Great Happy Hour for drinks-Cool trendy restaurant settingReview:I am so happy Gilbert has welcomed great places like Postino that we would have otherwise had to go all the way to Scottsdale to visit! It has a fun atmosphere and is a great spot to get together with friends and enjoy some food and drinks.It's been said in previous reviews, but the $5 wine by the glass or pitchers of beer are a great deal if you stop in between 11am-5pm, 7 days a week.  On my last trip there they had Firestone Walker Pilsner on tap, and I haven't come across too many local places that carry Firestone's beer (I heart their 805!).  Postino's $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine deal is also perfect for any occasion, my favorite bruschetta of the moment is the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone!Go eat at Postino...nuff said!
5	Always first class!  The red pepper and goat cheese bruschetta,  fresh chicken salad, pesto turkey panini, artichoke appetizer and the BEST dessert wine Moscato.  Always great food and service.  The atmosphere is perfect for a date night or girls night out.  I brought my baby last night and he was messy and fussy, yet the staff took great care.
4	I finally was able to try Postino's last night and I was happy with my experience. We had to wait 45 minutes, but they were very attentive in bringing us drinks as we sat outside. My friend and I ordered a bruschetta board each and shared. I especially loved the prosciutto and fig, warm artichoke, ricotta with pistachios, brie and apple, and the tomato jam with goat cheese. While they were all flavorful and delicious, I was disappointed that some of the bread wasn't toasted enough, so they ended up being soggy instead of crisp. But, overall I enjoyed my food and will be back!
5	YUMMMM!! Every time I come here, the staff are great and the food is always consistent and great! I am so happy we have a place like this closer to my home in Gilbert. I love wine bars, and this one by far exceeds my expectations.
5	This place is phenomenal! A quaint little spot that stays pretty busy. Prices are fair and the food is amazing!! I did a sandwich and salad duo and it was delicious. The service was great as well! A bit of a wait, but most definitely worth it. The atmosphere is wonderful :)
5	YummO!  Went for brunch today with the husband.  Nice change of pace for us. The staff was very helpful and friendly.  They asked if this was our first visit, and since it was we were given the scoop on the menu. So the menu is small but what is there is done well. I had the french toast which was amazing, light fluffy and tasty. My husband ordered the farm scramble and he loved it! Eggs & salad? I wouldn't have guessed that this would make him happy but it did. Overall we are super happy with this place and we will be back!
4	This is only of my favorte places to go in gilbert. really yummy food and a great staff! There is not one bad kind of the bruschetta! My favorite is the prosciutto and fig. mmmmmm so good. They have a great happy hour but it ends at 5 :( but you get mini pitchers (probably 2.5 pints) for 5 dollars and they have a great beer selection. The tomato and moz app is amazing! The only fall back is there is no reservations unless you are in a large party and there is usually a pretty long wait (30 minutes) on the weekend. But if you can handle a little waiting time you will love it.
3	My cousin and I have been talking about coming here for months! She asked me where I wanted to go for a late birthday lunch, we both decided Postinos! We orders the bruschetta of course. The salmon, salami, mozzarella and tomato and the pecans?? The last one wasn't my favorite. We also ordered a roast beef sandwich with a side of salad and hummus for an appetizer. It was a lot of food for just us two!  My favorite was the salmon bruschetta, the favor just melted in my mouth. I ordered the "fresh squeezed lemonade" it was not fresh, I could taste the high fructose corn syrup in it! I asked to change it for a cucumber drink. And that didn't hit the spot either! I just stuck with water. Overall, I thought the food was good and would come back again for another meal. The customer service definitely needs some work. It was a busy Monday morning when we went and there was only one waitress attending to full tables in the restaurant. It took her about 5-7 minutes to come back to give a what we were waiting for.
5	Every Monday or Tuesday welcome here and have a asstastactic night!  For real though, the food and beverage is the best in town and it's a great date night under twenty dollars!!!i  I recommend to everyone.
5	Definitely five stars for this place.  What's that, you want to know more?Let me tell you  - an amazing wine list, with champagnes and all wines $5 per glass during happy hour?  And amazing appetizers and salads?  The most amazing, friendly, and funny staff I have seen in years? A beautiful interior, great location, and absolutely fabulous outdoor patio?  YES.  PLEASE.I wish I would have found this place sooner during my travels. I would have ate here every single meal.  Parking is plentiful in Gilbert streets.  Is there a down side?  Well, the menu descriptions (and ingredient choices) are woefully hipster.  That may turn off some.  The food and drink we had, however, was fantastic.
4	I really like the atmosphere in this place. The wine selection is good and the bruschetta is delicious. I can't wait to go again.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great service, and great people. What more can you ask for? I always have a splendid time whenever I go here, with either friends or on a date.
5	best place ever! great vibed, great food! Very clean and fast service.  Employees are so happy all the time it's great .
4	Been wanting to try this place forever. Friday afternoon, got there around 12:40, it was packed. We had the option to sit outside so we jumped on that opportunity, even though it was 104 degrees with the misters and umbrella both made it comfortable. We perused the drink menu and took advantage of the top shelf beer selection for Happy Hour $5 pitchers. We then ordered the bruschetta (mozzarella/tomato, prosciutto/figs, salami/pesto, and smoke salmon/pesto) all but the salami/pesto were excellent. Salami/pesto was the weakest. We then ordered the Butcher Block (filled with artisan meats, cheese, nuts , and a Tuscan bean hummus). As I looked around, all other plates looked great. All in all very good service, beer/wine menu, food and atmosphere. We will definitely be back.
5	Awesome bruschetta. It's a meal unless you choose to split it with a few table. Very good salads. Very good wine selection. I did the half and half: half sandwich and small salad. I highly recommend it for a nice get together with friends, family, or date night.
5	We came in for date night last Friday night and sat at the bar. We were greeted quickly by the bartender who was eager to tell us about their Sauv Blanc options by the bottle. He was knowledgeable and super friendly. We ordered a bottle and shared bruchetta. We both ordered the classic with tomatoes, mozzerella and basil. My date ordered one with salmon, i don't know what it was but he loved it and I ordered the warm artichoke. Mine was fantastic, it tasted better than I had expected from the description. The whole time we sat there our wine glass was never empty (until the bottle was gone), rather it was the bartender who waited on us or a passer by in the bar area, someone was always topping it off. We will defintely be back again...hopefully soon!
4	Great place for bruschetta (4) full slices for $14 and Italian picnic salad for $9. Since this place is always packed we took the first available seating out the patio on an after-rainy day. Although it was humid there were misters to help cool down. Water glasses should be a bit bigger because I was a thirsty lion slurping on the ice- shaking the ice to help melt for drips of water. Finally I asked to refill on water. Saved!! It's a necessity for AZ.
5	OMG the bruschetta is to die for the wine is amazing. Ambience is wonderful a absolute must for a girlfriend lunch out. We definitely will be back.
5	Loved this place. Food was delicious and portions were just right. Good music and great atmosphere. The service overall was awesome they were all very attentive! I would definitely recommend this place. I love the fig and apple bruschetta.
4	Great ambiance. Great food and wine selection. Good choice of seasonal options. It is a tavern so the selection is a bit limited to the bruchetta. The WiFi is spot on and free. I would recommend a sweet Spanish Azul or a dry monastrell. For something in the middle the Pecina. The smoked salmon has to be the best bruchetta. I would like to try the sandwich or soups next time. Over all a great place to meet people. There were plenty of couples or first timers here that made the atmosphere slighty different. This is a down-town Gilbert must to try. Second attempt, I'll add the music is between contemporary synth-pop and 80's which I actually enjoyed greatly. My only complaint was that the changing lights on the street can be distracting. I also dislike patios that drench you in misters. But I understand that is a Arizona thing.
5	Bruschetta was excellent! Very good wine selection. Nice atmosphere, and not so loud that you cannot hear your company. Waitstaff is attentive and well-versed in their product. Good music, my boyfriend and I had fun playing name the artisit. No complaints!
4	Came here to celebrate a birthday and was impressed with the great ambiance, service, wine and food.  This is detinitely a great addition to downtown Gilbert!
5	Anyone who rates this restaurant anything less than 5 stars needs to go to the doctor and get their brain checked. The customer service and food is always on point and they are so consistent. Time and time again my wife and I go and we never have one complaint. They have an amazing formula going on there and if they remain on too of their game, they will be there for a long time.
5	My wife and I recently had dinner at the Postino's in Gilbert since we were big fans of the one in Arcadia. The place is amazing!! There was a small mistake with our order(allergy), but the waitress (Marsha) and management did a great job fixing everything!!! We will definitely be back!!
5	A cute and hip place to have some wine with a girlfriend or a date. It's super busy and usually has a wait. It is NOT quiet but busy with conversation. Love the $20 board and bottle specials on Monday and Tuesday nights. They cork the bottle for you so you can take it home.
4	Fantastic place for drinks! Trendiest place in the old town. Waiters were super nice and one even downloaded Find my iPhone to his phone so I could find my misplaced phone. Will definitely return.
5	We recently were in for a late lunch. We were seated right away even though it was pretty busy. Our server was very friendly and attentive. We started out with the spinach dip and white bean hummus. It was very good, everyone enjoyed it! I decided on the autostrada sandwich and my friend had the chicken and mozzarella sandwich. Service was fast and the food was delicious. The sandwiches were big and even came with a side salad. I will definitely be coming back in soon. The location and atmosphere are also great!
5	My husband and I were visiting the area with some friends and we came to Postino's for the Tuesday night special. The atmosphere, bruchetta and wine was great! The apple and fig bruchetta was our favorite. We will definitely go back next time we are in the area.
5	After apx. 43 visits to Postino East, I believe I have a handle on their menu and wine list, but... I sure wish there was an app for the Poblano Corn Soup! Its to die for, can I get a bucket of that to go?
5	I've been coming to this location since they opened. Before that I would drive to Scottsdale. Try the butcher's block and the different bruschettas split with someone.
5	Let me preface this review with what was certainly an unfair beginning bias. I have long been a fan of Fifth and Wine. It was my first wine bars, and still holds a firm grip on my affections, preconceived notions and standards. That gotten out of the way, I really enjoyed Postino. They decor was skillfully designed to project casual minimalist and hipster sophisticated simplicity. The place was jam packed at 8 pm on a Wednesday evening, one of the raw spectacles that is such a stark opposition to Payson life that I very often now find myself absorbing the fascinating juxtaposition. But total sidebar aside, the Argentinian Merlot was pristine. It seemed unpretentious in its offering of beers as well. We ordered a bowl of olives that was not even close to being on my radar, but Helena insisted and I am stoked that she did. About half a dozen varieties, and all of them were gorgeous and paired with the bruschetta plate and wine. The bruschetta bread was a bit soft and thick for my liking. I prefer the crisper thinner cut on the bread, but totally just my personal preference. Some might prefer the doughy bread texture for their app. We chose our four to include a selection of savory and sweet; classic Margherita, white bean paste with tomatoes (we added pesto), warm artichoke spread, and ricotta with pistachio and date. Not a single one disappointed. The waitress was genuinely likable, accommodating and very helpful I chose a ciabatta sandwich with a nice brie, fig jam and prosciutto, garnished with arugula. Helena had black bean soup. Both were really well crafted with full complex bold flavors. The food menu was simple but all of it was perfectly matched to the wine. There was a lot of moaning and nodding going on during the meal, which is always a good sign. The price points were also a really nice surprise. Very moderate for a good clean well constructed food. We will definitely be returning to travel through the rest of the menu.
4	This is the beginning of our Sunday Funday bike rides. Great beer selection, great out door patio. i love the small pitchers of Four Peaks Hop Knot.......nothing like a cool beer buzz to get the Sunday started!!
5	Love it! Friendly bartenders, great ambiance and very refreshing to find in Gilbert!
5	I knew I would like this place when they were hiring they had a huge sign threat said, "HIRING RAD PEOPLE!" This place is full of awesome culture and amazing food.  A very hip and cool place to eat.  The food is fresh and delicious! Love the beat salad and the bruschetta.  Im eating a soup right now that is phenomenal.
2	As a fan of Postino in Arcadia I was really disappointed with my Postino experience in Gilbert.  We had a group of 7 and on a Friday night we knew that we wouldn't be easily accommodated.  With that said, the Postino in Arcadia is always more than willing to help large or small groups to feel comfortable even when they're slammed.We arrived at 9pm, and the hostess told us that we could go to the first come first serve lawn area and have drinks.  This was fine with us, except the large lawn area probably has about 10 chairs total.  We decided to work with it, ordered 2 bottles of wine and 4 by the glass.  One end of the lawn had no chairs yet a heating lamp, while the other side had chairs and no lamp.  We asked the server if we could move the lamp once we finally were able to sit down, and he refused.  We also noticed a stack of chairs that weren't be used, and they said that we couldn't use them.  Very unaccommodating.  I must say that the wine selection is great, but when the service sucks whats the point?
2	I ordered a vegetarian sandwich. It was very disappointing as was the service. The sandwich had a few small pieces of veges. It was like eating a slices of bread with a hint of veges. Overpriced food! Nice location and clean restaurant.
5	My sister-in-law had been telling me about this place for a few years but we'd never gotten around to trying it. Over Thanksgiving weekend we finally made it there with her and her husband. I wish we'd tried it sooner! We had a really great time and the food was delicious.We came right at the tail end of happy hour so we got the individual beer pitcher special. Five bucks for a pitcher? I'd be a total alcoholic if I lived in Gilbert. The beer selection is pretty good and those individual pitchers are not tiny. They also have a really great wine selection. My sister-in-law and I had the Sangiovese and we both loved it.At her recommendation, my husband and I got a bruschetta board. You get to pick four of their unique bruschettas and they're served on a cutting board. We liked all of the ones we tried but I think my favorite was the one with pistachios and figs...or maybe they were dates. I can't exactly recall. Did I mention how cheap the beer was? LoL I was tempted to order another board and try more varieties but the panini looked too good to pass up. It was really good and they split the order for my husband and I with no additional charge. The atmosphere was really nice. We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful fall weather. Even though the patio was packed it didn't feel crowded. Everyone has their own space. If we didn't have plans with our parents-in-law later that evening I could've eaten and drunk another round of everything. This place is at the top of my list the next time I visit my family in Arizona!
5	This place is great. We have small children and they are always accommodating. Their kids menu is great. Healthy choices and my son loves it.  I wasn't a big bruschetta guy before trying this place. I love the variety.  It's a must try.
5	In a word, awesome.
4	Can't go wrong with their bruschetta board and soup.
5	I love this place!  Great food.  Great staff!  Great vibe!  love it!
5	There was a 40 minute wait, but well worth it. I ended up getting the prosciutto and it was delicious, definitely the best in Gilbert. Overall, great place to bring family and friends. Loved the atmosphere
4	I love Postino! The food is always delicious and the service is prompt. The bruschetta boards are one of my favorite things, but the half sandwich and soup is also delicious. If you come on Monday or Tuesday after 8pm, you can get the bruschetta board and bottle of wine for $20! Great deal! However, if I could change one thing, it would be the volume of the music inside. It is just a tad too loud and makes it hard to have a conversation. For this reason, I usually opt to sit outside.
5	Great food and great service. Wish they had one on every block! Great specials $5 pitchers until 5pm Everyday! The bruschettas are the best in the area by far. This place is one of our favorites. It's hip and plenty of space for groups!
5	As an out of town first time visitor, I was thoroughly pleased to have lunch here. The service was impeccable and the food was delicious. Soup of the day was Red Pepper, and I could have had a large bowl of it and gone away full and satisfied. It's a must on your next visit.
4	Back again for lunch on Sunday. Great service and Great food is all I can say!
5	Some of the best bruschetta anywhere and on Monday and Tuesdy nights, they have a $20 Bottle & Board special. Any bottle of wine and board of 4 types of bruschetta. Awesome deal but expect it to be busy.
4	Happy hour from 12-5 is a great value.  Food is delicious; I especially love the bruschetta!
5	Frickin awesome!! Wine was amazing & the food choices were great!! Definitely would go back.
