5	It's a lounge, baby!  This is old swanky Vegas at its trashy best, complete with indoor fireplace.  You must go and have a cocktail.  Heck, stay for dinner.  Or do as this website sez and have a nice makeout session:  http://www.vegas.com/nightlife/bars/peppermill.html.
5	It's a romantic timewarp!  The firey pits (see photo) are really cool and the decor is 70's all the way.  It's a nice change of pace from the rest of the strip.
5	This is the place to go for a meal when you've had enough of the casinos.  Old school diner vibe, but with a splash of Vegas flash.  The food's decent as well.
5	Kitschy Vegas all the way!  This places screams good times and scandalous fireside hook-ups in the lounge.  No, no, not for me, but I can see it happenin' for you single, lusty Vegas guys and gals.  I just returned from my very first Vega-licious adventure and it wouldn't have been the same without a stop at The Peppermill.  I, along with my two fabulous female friends, had a blast here.  Shared a scorpion bowl, snapped some hilarious photos and relaxed by the firepit/fountain/pool thingy.  Cozy seating, fabulous waitresses in Halstonesque long black gowns, and tons of Vegas cheese!  Loved it.  I'll be back.
5	When my friends and I went to Las Vegas, we were told we had to go the Peppermill for the best breakfast in Las Vegas. I couldn't agree more. We went for breakfast and had only a 20 minute wait, which we enjoyed by sipping Bloody Marys in the Fireside Lounge. Vegas is the place for excess and the Peppermill abides by that spirit. The menu sports 10-egg omelettes and a 22-oz milkshake. I thought the Peppermill had an excellent selection of food. While not unique, the menu was extensive and has all the staples. The food was good and the prices were quite reasonable for Las Vegas. It's definitely a Vegas must-do.
3	I remember going to the Peppermill before it was cool. The orange sugar is the best invention ever! But now the sugar is all rainbow colored. And they remodeled the inside so it's all pink and purple neon and cheesy Vegas. The portions of most things are preggy big. The food isn't great, but it is pretty good, the portions are big, and it's kind of cheap. Now the Peppermill is a throwback? Damn, I'm not that old. But anyway, this place really gives that good ole cheesy Vegas vibe. The firepit and large drinks make this a good place to bring a date, if you know what I mean... What? No! I meant because drinking all that ice cold soda will make you cold and you need the fire to keep you warm...
4	This place makes some really good food. If you're looking for a place to get your grub on after cuttin up a rug at the clubs, this is the place to be. Try the philly cheese steak or better yet, go for the chorizo and eggs breakfast platter. That was awesome!
3	when you think of real vegas, you think of this place. i dont mean the nice upscale vegas, i mean the dark, neon light, smells like smoke, diner with slot machines vegas. and that's this place.we went here because the guy at the wynn said this place had good burgers for cheap, and girls walking around in mini skirts.he was 2 for 2.the only problem with it was it was just a tad too ghetto for my taste. im not an elitist, hell im not even yelp elite, but still it was just a bit down in the dumps. although i will give it credit, the girls working there were very hot, and the milkshakes were bomb.we thought our waitress was really cute and wanted to hit on her a bit, so we thought it would be a good idea if we asked about milkshakes. my first friend was in love with this girl and wanted to talk to her, so when she walked up it went like this.friend 1 (who was in love with her): silencefriend 2: um so we wanted to ask you about the milkshakesme: uh yeah what flavors do you have?waitress: strawberry vanila and chocolatefriend 1: silencefriend 2: ok so we have a question. we want to split a milkshake, but we dont want to seem, how do we say this, um, uh, homosexual per say. so which would you think is hotter, one milkshake with 3 straws, or 3 separate glasseswaitress (laughing): whatever you want babeme: well after that we are def. not getting the pink strawberryit was only after that we noticed a ring on her finger (she was still young like 24). my first friend said he called an audible, but either way it was a solid swing and a miss.so if you want a cheap meal with some hilarious surroundings, hit this place up. classy wise it is def. not up there, but it is a great place none the less.
5	This is always my first stop when I get to Vegas.  The atmosphere reminds me of Pulp Fiction.  The food comes in large portions, enough to share, and will leave you filled for the day.  The price is pretty great considering it's vegas.  This place is swanky and my fave.
2	The lounge was a little disappointing.  It had a sad 80's strip-club ambience.  It's supposed to be the #1 makeout spot in Vegas, but that's not the feeling I had there.  The tv's should've played something other than old bluegrass live performances.
4	Frankly, I'm surprised I beat my wife to reviewing this place.Anyway, for what it is, it's great.What is it?  Denny's on steroids was my first thought...but it's much more than that.  It's a Vegas institution...And it was our first stop on our trip this time out.We were not disappointed.  The place will not leave you hungry...and the prices won't leave you broke!I had the Philly Cheese Steak...I fully expected it to come with the thinly shaved variety of "meat" that adorns most Phillys...but was surprised to find big, meaty hunks of honest-to-god STEAK on this sammy...Cooked with Peppers and Onions, and not just completely drowning in Provolone...this was actually one of the best Philly Cheese steak sandwiches I've ever had.It may not have been even remotely authentic, but DAMN was it good.The Onion Rings were righteous too.  A little on the greasy side...but who cares?  3 days of eating like a 5 year old were in store for us...What's a greasy onion ring gonna do to me?It's really a tasty, cheesy treat, that makes you want to start quoting Swingers lines.Please, refrain from doing that...ever...again.But it makes you WANT to.  Real bad.Enjoy!
4	Mirrored ceilings? Check.Fluorescent rainbow lights? Check.Vegas eye candy? Check.Hot tub & fireplace combo? Check. Peppermills on the table? Check. yeah, this place is sweeeeet.  And they make a BLT with avocado...BLAT!
5	Went here walking back to the hotel from the Riviera.  Excellent atmosphere.  Really quiet setting, kind of like they pump white noise into the place.  Got the patty melt and onion rings.  It was the best patty melt I have tasted in my entire life!!!  The onion rings were a little greasy but thats what made them so good!  Large portions and well worth the 10 bucks!  Highly recommended spot!  I will definately be back again when I venture out to Vegas!
5	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  I love the feel inside the place, purple booths, neon lights, waitresses in horrible uniforms.  The food is average, but what it lacks in taste it makes up for in portion size.  The food is good,  just not spectacular.  A ton of variety, I've been there several times and don't think I have ever repeated a dish.  The lounge attached to the restaurant is really cool.  Dark circular seating areas make it a great place for cocktails with friends or dates.  The fire pit near the front is cool too, with plasma TVs all around you shouldn't miss any of the game either.There seems to be a good mix of tourist and locals here.  I think when you come across a spot locals keep going back to, you have found a special place that hasn't been totally destroyed by tourists.
4	Yes, another review for the Peppermill!  Aren't we excited!  I love this place, in actuality, especially as a last stop on a night that's gone on a little too long when the weather's a little too chilly.  At about 2 AM on such a night, warming oneself at the fire pit with a gigantic plate full of nachos is pretty much an unparalleled delight.The blue and pink neon is a little too bright, but it gives the Lounge a character no other place has.  I could do without the flat screens playing Phish and the like, but you can't win 'em all.  The drinks are a little pricey, ($7 for a well drink, $9 and up for specialties) but you ARE on the Strip and you're paying for that awesome fire pit too.  (That gas bill must be outrageous.)  The waitresses are always very polite and prompt, and their dresses make me giggle just a little bit.  (Long, black cocktail dresses look somehow out of place and perfectly comfortable there at the same time.)  The Peppermill is really the only place worth lounging at for a local on the Strip anymore, so let's keep it on the downlow and keep the tourists away, shall we?  Shhhhh!
5	If you ever find yourself in Vegas, you must make sure to stop at the landmark that is the Peppermill Inn Restaurant. I had heard about the Peppermill from my brother in law who insisted multiple times that I make a stop there during my stay in Sin City. When I went this last January, I finally made the time to get over there for a 3:00pm breakfast. If I knew what I know now about the Peppermill, I'd beat my own ass for not going sooner.The lettering on the outside said a lot when I see "PEPPERMILL" spelled out in a rainbow of neon lights.  My friend Kristina and I skipped in excitement through the doors and entered in jaw-dropping bewilderment. Chills ran down our spines as we were slapped in the face with what I can only describe as pure neon splendor. A resounding WOW was all we could say until the hostess made us snap out of it and asked how many in out party. I couldn't help but ask her, "Do you get a headache working here?" She giggled and said," When I first started, I thought there was no way I could work here for long, but you get use to it." As she led us through the forest of silk trees and flowers to our table, we admired her classicly tacky floral uniform and shimmery tights. I've never been more jealous of a working environment. The menu was large and filled with a huge assortment of breakfast, lunch, and dinner items.. always being served.I called my brother in law for "must-haves" and was told to get the Bloody Mary, among other specialties. I went ahead and ordered my Tower of Bloody Mary and it was amazing. I'm a sucker for biscuits and gravy, so we ordered that.. along with the Fantasia waffle. A belgian waffle covered in fresh fruit, blueberry syrup and choice of whipped cream or sour cream. We ate until we thought we would explode, but the fun didn't end there.Rumors of the breathtaking "Fireside Lounge" and it's famous fire pit drew us to it's glory. If I thought the neon goodness was only in the restaurant, I was extremely mistaken. Take all the yummy neon lights, then dim the rest of the lights, add some pink couches and cocktail waitresses in gowns and full make-up (no matter the time of day).. you have yourself the Fireside Lounge. Oh wait! It gets better... The FIRE PIT!! I've never seen anything so amazing. Imagine a tiny jacuzzi with fire coming out of it and the vent lined with little TV's showing the hottest sporting event. Nothing short of fantastic. We sunk into a spot around the fire and it took Superman's will power to get us up and out of there. Do yourself a favor. Go to the Peppermill. If not for the decor, do it for the food. Yummy!
5	Maaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IT'S OVER!!! OVER!!!  Hands down the one place that you HAVE to eat at, at least once when you are in Vegas is the Peppermill!  For all you gamblers who like to spin 2/3 of your day at the tables... eat here first!!  The biggest fricken Chicken Fried Steak I've ever seen!  Seriously the size of a plate... The Nachos (where'd my girl go)? They shouldn't even call them Nachos... I had to look around them to see her.  I was sooooo faded I shouldn't remember this place.. Peppermill can you send me a frequent buyers card?  I love you! I love you!
3	If you like neon lights, fake tropical plans, bright velour cushion sofas, a fireplace coming out of water and some damn strong and excellent frozen mudslides (this is coming from a guy who would rather drink bourbon!), THIS is your place to go, especially at 7:30 a.m. If not, go for the breakfast.  =)Service kind of lags in the lounge in the morning, but the restaurant is jumping already with lots of patrons who've been gambling, going to strip clubs, doing what people do in Vegas.  In the late evening, the lounge is crowded and service is much better.
5	I LOVE this place. I used to live in Vegas and this the favorite of both locas and tourists. If you're in Vegas for only one night, forget all the casinos, you HAVE to go here. This is authentic Las Vegas, where the waitresses wear Toni Tenille halter jumpsuits and there is a fire surrounded by water. I can't even put it into words how fabulous this lounge is. The coffeeshop is average, but get into the lounge!!!!!!!!!
5	Dude. I love the Peppermill. Where else can you roll in with your drunken gaggle of friends or "friends-you-just-met" at 4 in the morning and receive yummy plates of food in a relatively decent amount of time, before your eyes blur and you pass out in your food? The waitresses are chatty and nice, and have big hair with names like martha and chainsmoke outside....so friendly and lovely! A great place for late night /early morning food and also a great place to people watch...on the night/morning I was here we spotted some basketball players from the Warriors ...  I didn't know who they were until my friends told me...but not after one of the players poked me on my shoulder while walking past and i just screamed WHO IS THAT!? IS HE FAMOUUUUUUSSSS!?  Good times I tell you, good times. Yumdizzle bacon and eggs, just enough grease to line my stomach while I pass out on my friend's shoulder while the sun rises over the fine land of Vegas....Classic. Just classic. :)
4	It's all about the Fireside Lounge...you have to atleast make a stop here if you've been out until the wee hours of the morning!!! I had my 21st birthday at the Peppermill eons ago when they used to have them in the Bay Area- and this place just brought back so many memories! The food is great and the drinks are alphabetized! it's crazy! you can't go wrong- you just gotta check it out!!!
2	I'm very surprised that after 20+ reviews this place has a 4 1/2 average rating.  First off, so you don't think I'm some elitist bastard, let me state that I happily eat food at IHOP and Denny's.  Anyway, so as I was with a bunch of college friends last weekend in Vegas, apparently eating at The Peppermill was a MUST?!? The decor of the place with it's bright neon rainbow purplish lights was a felt like a cross between Denny's and a Strip Club..I don't really dig that kind've ambience unless i'm actually in a strip club...    Service was okay nothing really stood out as good or bad, and prices are actually good for being on the strip and having burgers around $9-10 and steaks  are like $25 (although i'd rather spend $5-10 more and go to a legit steakhouse).     So why 2 stars? well..the food absolutely sucked.  I ordered a Swiss mushroom burger w/curly fries.  First off, the burger and curly fries LOOKED delicious..but upon eating my food..I found absolutely no taste in any of the food, even after adding tons of salt and pepper to it. It's as if some mixture of oil and plastic got in my food that negated anything that could add taste to my food. Plus the mayo I got came in this bowl and let's say something about it's color and texture didn't look right.  Anyway, the service and price were okay, decor a little dirty feeling for my taste. But what really killed it was that the food lacked any taste at all. Save your money and go to In & Out Burger at the other end of the strip, or even Burger King much closer at O'Sheas.~G
4	I know there is another review for this place, but i'm pretty sure this is the correct name for tthe lounge/restaurant. went here couple weeks ago when me and the guys went to vegas for a 21st bday bash. it was 2am and my friends and i were pooped and wanted a place where we can go and chill. i remembered watching the vegas episode of "no reservations" with anthony bourdain a while back. they came to peppermill for some cocktail in a huge bowl. i knew i wanted one. before entering the lounge you must remember the dress code: no hats. other than that your good to go. it was dark but the neon lights and black lights brought a relaxing mood to this place. it was me and 3 other guys. bad idea. this place is for COUPLES! if your not there with a significant other, you'll feel a little awkward. the plush couches were made for snuggling. we felt really uncomfortable and so we headed straight to the bar. i saw those huge goblets and i told the waitress i wanted whatever drink goes inside those. the cocktail was the scorpion. i had it before at trader vic's. its a very good fruity/girly cocktail. i really couldn't taste/feel the alcohol....yet. its 18 dollars for the cocktail but it can easily be shared by 3-4 people. some guy next to us won 7000 dollar jackpot in video poker, and i'm not too sure the management was too happy with that. overall, this place is a really chill, relaxed place to hang out after a long hard night of gambling, drinking, clubbing/dancing. but make sure you come with a significant other or else get ready to feel lonely and awkward. SECRET....order the scorpion blended with ice cream. it will freakin rock your world. o and be careful please cuz you won't be tasting any alcohol in it.....it'll taste like a fruit milkshake. :)
5	We hit this place first when we get to Vegas. No, I'm serious, we pack light just so we aren't wheeling a trashy tourister through the doors into Neon Heaven.If it's evening, we head for the lounge and begin by ordering up a double Bloody Mary. Who am I kidding? If we get there early in the day, we're doing the same thing. Oh, and they do a good breakfast - all day, thank The Maker.My favorite juxtaposition happens when one of the cocktail hostesses comes out into the diner area, dressed in those fabulous full-length black gowns, to fill a cocktail order. Only in Vegas......and Reno, I suppose.
4	Need a Vegas institution? This is it!The pepper mill is one of those places that's on the hipster places one must visit in Vegas that's off the beaten path etc etc.I guess to some extent it still is, but it is by no means unknown or under the radar. The prices at the Pepper mill reflect the coolness of the old school here. Why four stars? Because silly, when have I ever reviewed something that wasn't worth the price.I don't think that one should go down here for a full meal, it is really expensive and for not AMAZING food.But go with your other, and fully make out by the fire as you watch Good Charlotte on the little LCD TVs that the CRAZILY added. So go, order a ten dollar drink and enjoy the old schoolness that is the Pepper mill.
4	We arrived here about 3am and it's exactly where I needed to be. I got a front row seat next to the fireplace and while my stomach was growling and my head spinning from the cocktails earlier in the night... I was completely mesmerized by the fire and all the blue pink neon. It's sooooo 80s. I love it!The food was okay. Nothing special. But... the atmosphere is awesome especially if you've got  a buzz on. I'll definitely be back!
5	I love going to this place. It is Retro FAB! The bloody marys in the fireside lounge  after a long night of drinking and gambling is  a must! I always have a tasty meal there. I think breakfast is best and there is a good selection to choose from. The lounge is brightly lit with pink and blue neon which does give off that Saturday night fever feeling. Tress surround the private booths and there is complimentary little glass bottles of peanuts. There is also large screen tv's that show music videos and live concerts of every genre of music. One minute your watching a black sabbeth performance and the next Frank Sinatra Crooning at the Sands. We always with a group of friends have cocktails in the lounge before hitting the strip.Peppermill is now a Vegas tradition for my husband and myself. You must at least if in Vegas  have a drink in the lounge!. The meal prices are reasonable but it does always have a large crowd of people waiting for a seat.
4	It's worth going just for the colorful sugar...glorious!
5	I really enjoy this place!  Something that you have to really experience to appreciate!!
3	neon! mirrors! neon! fake gaslamps! fire that comes out of a pool of water!
5	Thanks again, Rachael Ray, for another great spot!  We went to the Peppermill twice on this visit and twice on the last for breakfast.  The Joe's special is good, but the Munch's breakfast is better.  It is hash browns, cheese, mushrooms and other stuff topped with three eggs.  I chose over easy 'cause I like the runny goodness of the yolk all over my hash browns.  We got a mediterranean omlette which is huge, 10 eggs I think, and pretty good.  Also their biscuits and gravy are the bomb.  Make sure you share, their portions are huge.  Also, their bloody marys are one of the best I have had.  A cocktail waitress in a long black gown comes to serve you your drink!The place is really neat, kind of out of the 60's/70's or something with a Florida feel (they have flamingo stained glass hanging lamps).  Everything is plush done in purple, teal, and blue, with fake plants and trees, and neon and mirrors abound.  sounds gaudy, but it is actually a nice place, because it is so unique.  and the great food.  The lounge is neat, with a water pit with fire in the middle.  would like to pop in here one late nite.  Will definitely frequent this place again!
4	10 egg omelettesmassive bloody marysfantasia waffle heaped with tons of fruitcheesy 80s look and feelWhatelse could you ask for?This place is classic vegas and amongst the best places for breakfast in Vegas. I loved coming here. A definite must for all to check out.
5	I haven't been to the Peppermill in a few years, but that place was awesome.  It looks like a Denny's or something else crappy on the outside.  When you get inside there's a weird restaurant thing, but if you walk to the left past that there's an awesome cheezy bar complete with firepit with flames coming out of water, red couches and blue carpeting (at least when I was there).  I also remember fake foliage and Christmas lights.
4	I don't think people understand, or at least fully comprehend how much I love Las Vegas. Sure it holds a lot of sentimental value for me, but once you get over all the things people HATE Vegas for, you realize how amazing this Postmodern Paradise is in all its glory. That said, I'm so happy that a place like Peppermill exists, but pretty disappointed that it's taken me 27 years to finally discover and go here. This place is SOOOOOO cheesy Vegas - I know there's a Canter's in Vegas, but if Canter's fully embraced the aesthetic of the city, it would look like this place. The ceiling, walls and columns are adorned with mirrorball tiles, the lampshades are stained glass flamingos, and every plant i the place is made of plastic. Even the sugar are rainbow sprinkles! Just don't get too excited and then having to deal with an entire handful of the stuff you have no business really holding. The menu is pretty comprehensive - you've got steak, sammies and everything a 24/7 diner-like place should have. Prices are kind of on the steep side, but the food is tasty. We went there at 11pm after spending an entire day in the sun with thousands of others watching awesome bands and had nothing to consume all day with the exception of a cup of cereal in the morning and a beer here and there throughout the day. By the time we got there, we were all FAMISHED. The varied menu made it hard to choose, but I nabbed myself a pastrami sandwich, which was perhaps on my top ten list of Best Choices I've Made in My Short Life. It may have been the fact that I was super hungry, but I do not exaggerate when I say I was nearly reduced to tears after each bit of my cured meat on sourdough bread I was so happy. I chewed with the biggest smile on my face while a chorus of angels one can hear even past the super loud decor surrounding me. If I was challenged to marry the thing, I would have plowed over my boyfriend and dashed to the nearest chapel where Elvis would have married us, and our honeymoon would be spent skipping the "honeymoon" part and would have gone directly to praying mantis mode and devoured my mate. It was that good. Oh, I sampled other peoples' food as well, and it was all pretty good. But back to my sandwich. I don't know...we may have been caught up in the moment, maybe it was just good timing. I don't know if I were to return, things would be the same, but maybe...just maybe, I'll give it a try.
5	After a very long night, Elizabeth D. and i wake up and crawl into a cab. its about 3:30pm and we ask the cabbie where we can get a good breakfast. he says "the Peppermill is pretty good"PRETTY GOOD?! This place is amazing. We didnt know what hit us, it was like our dreamland come true, except for all the smoke. yuck.anyhoo, we shared the Fantasia waffle with sour cream (definitely the way to go) and the best biscuits and gravy that we had ever encountered in our entire lives.The bloody mary would have been delicious if the celery stick wasnt monstrous and made every sip taste like i was actually taking a bite.sooooo, after our meal we decided to check out the fireside lounge.  The fire pits in a hot tub? could this get any better?the next day we dragged our tired asses and our friends back to our found treasure for our last meal in town. too bad i was hung over and threw up everything i ate on the way home : (  soooo worth it
3	Was there for breakfast, the food wasnt that good actually so I was a bit dissapointed, had very high hopes for this place.The decor is super 80's and fun. The prices are on the + side but so are the portions.Maybe next time I visit I will only go to the lounge area, skip the rest.
4	I went here and gambled for the first time ever.  Here is a lesson about gambling.  You start off betting 25 cents on video poker and you stick a dollar in the slot so you can play 4 times.  You always get dealt 15 or 16 which is super boring, what do you do?  Hit and probbaly bust or not hit and probably definitely lose?  Anyway at some point you'll realize that if you bet 50 cents you can win more if you actually win and get up to $3.50.  Then you get cocky and bet a dollar twice and your money is gone.Anyway I liked the Fireside Lunge.  There is a fountain in there with a real fire coming out of the middle of the water, you can sit around it and watch the TV screens which are plentiful and playing football, basketball (hoops) and some music videos, good ones like 80s and Roy Orbison.  That puts you in a good mood.  The lights are really bright blue and red.  Neon, with reflective surfaces and free nuts.  I had an "Amstel Light" for $5.50 which was depressing, lost $2 gambling and left.  But no one bothered me and you could just waste a lot of time in there I think.  The bartender was REALLY NICE and there are all these fancy dressed up waitresses with their ass and titties hangin' out all over the place.  A good first stop.  Across the street you can get a souvenir  or go McDonalds or do "indoor skydiving" and for all of these reasons, overall I would recommend the Peppermill Restaurant, specifically the fireside lounge.  Make sure you are not wearing your gang colors or a ripped shirt though!!!
4	another meal with my daughter and her friend....since her friend's never been to vegas - gotta hit a nostaligic / landmark place ...it was breakfast time ....peppermill !!!of course we started with the fruit plate ( the fruit was very good - needed more pineapple !!  more marshmallow for the banana bread !! )daughter had hamsteak, her friend had a pancake/egg/sausage combo, i had hash w/ basted eggs....as always - large portions - we left with more than 1/2 the food ( ate it on the drive home !! ) my only minor dings - the hash tasted like canned hash.  the service slow even though the place was not busy...but the server was very, very nice !you gotta show this place some love !!!
4	I love that this place is 24 hours and every close to the Strip. My friends and I always tend to come here after those clubbing nights. The food just tops off the night! French fries and mushroom burger...YUM! The service is pretty good also, so if you're looking for a decent place (with decent prices) in those wee hours, Peppermill's is your place.The theme in there is so tropical...with the flamingos, silk trees, and waiters/waitresses with Hawaiian shirts and dresses on...
5	Two cliches apply to the Peppermill: everything you've heard is true, and words can't describe it.There's no way to fully descibe the decor of the restaurant & lounge. It's kind of a retro-futuristic 50s/80s neon hybrid. The pink is bubblegum hot, the blue is sky electric, the mirrored tiling and faux greenery add to the surreal atmosphere. Recently several huge monitors were added to the entry/waiting area, and a widescreen travelogue of tableaus from around the world plays on them. A new one pops up every few minutes. Times Square, then Tokyo, then whitewater rapids. It's like a postmodern vacation.The lounge is built around a circular flame pool, but there is also grouped seating available. The bar offers traditional seating. Be warned, the cocktails pictured on the cocktail menu are as large as they look. Pace yourself!The restaurant is mainly diner-style booths for seating, with counter service available if you'd like to get a look at what's going on in the kitchen. Here even the menu is huge. I can recommend the Old-Fashioned Belgian Waffle, the Western Fruit Plate, the hamburgers, and the Nachos Nachos Nachos. This is also the kind of restaurant where sometimes just dessert is enough: recently a friend ordered a sundae thinking she would get something simple and ended up with a dish almost as big as her head.The prices look a little spendy, but when measured against portion size, they're a geat value for a Strip experience like this. Go, and be prepared to be tempted to buy a bag of pink & blue sparkly table sugar as a souvenir.
5	I love that you have to walk through the diner to get to the bar.Make yourself comfy on the red naugahyde next to the firepit and get yerself a great big 'ol drink.Another Vegas favorite of mine. Can't say I've ever actually eaten at the Peppermill though. However, I've had plenty to drink at the Fireside and can definitely say it's tops.
5	Wow what a find! My wife and I took a walk up "The Strip" from Wynn and we stumbled across this place for breakfast. The portions are great and the food was outstanding! It is diner type food, but a bit higher style and quality.Very nice change of pace as far as price/service goes from the options in the hotels! We felt very welcomed by the staff. We would recommend this to anyone staying on the North or Mid points on "The Strip"; It's an easy walk and on the east side of the road.
3	I liked the ambiance of this diner and I appreciated the variety in the menu selections, but I thought it was a little overpriced. I got the veggie burger and requested no mayo, but had to send it back because there was mayo on it. When the bun came back, it was covered in butter. What do I have to do to get a plain bun around here? Unfortunately I was too sleep deprived and too cranky to enjoy the food by then. It didn't help that my bf and I started arguing. And the table across from us offered unsolicited advice on how to get ketchup out of the bottle. I wish I was in a better mood, I don't think I gave this place a fair shot.
3	Walking in here is like a time warp back to the 80's.  Polyester shirts, black gowns for the cocktail waitresses, fake cherry blossom trees, pink neon lights everywhere, flamingo stained glass lamps, permed hair, scrunchies, faded jeans, Reeboks.....Cheap food and portions enough for two or three on one plate.  Bartenders in the Fireside Lounge are rude imo.
4	Infamous place with lots of ambiance.  Casual to dressy attire with a creative and friendly waitstaff.  There are two sides to this establishment: one is the lounge that includes the fireside pit; and the other is the diner side.  Throughout the interior there's an array of neon lights, mirrors, plants, and steps.  The portions are very large here and the prices do reflect the size.  Here is their menu http://www.usmenuguide.com/peppermill.htmlThe food is good but not great.  If you go here, it is for ambiance and to chill.
5	Man this place is rad.If your heading out for drinks, bring that special someone to the ultimate swank make-out den. Hot pink, neon and black dominate your vision and the plants make excelent blinds for your canoodling endeavors. The drinks are spot on and strong as hell and are served by lovely ladies in evening dresses.If you're looking to eat, holy hell, I hope you're hungry.I wont lie, the price on the meal is a bit expensive, but what isn't in Vegas, eh?You get portions, my friend, portions to end all hunger. The breakfast is wonderful. The food is amazingly delicious. The only poor experienced Ive had here was when I couldn't eat my food one night after I had drank WAYYYYYYYY  to much, not your fault Peppermill, that was all me. My bad.. You know I still love you.EAT HERE.
3	It was good, but it didn't meet my Yelp great expectations.  It was also not really worth the loooooong walk out there.  I read someone's review saying it was just past the Wynn, but it is WAY past the Wynn, for anyone who's walking.  In fact, it's right before the Riviera, which is pretty far down.That being said, the food was decent.  Between 3 of us, we ordered the Maserati omelet, waffle combo, and Munch's breakfast (a special).  All were pretty good, but a bit overpriced in my opinion.  Portions were huge.  The service was ok, a bit lackluster.  Our waitress was nice enough though.  I guess I'd come here if I was close but if you're not staying at the Riviera, I wouldn't make an extra trip to come here.
4	If this review were based on the food quality alone, I would give The Peppermill three stars.  It's typical diner fare.  But the venue is extremely cool, and rates an extra star.If you happen to be Andre the Giant or a member of the I.F.O.C.E, you'll be able to eat everything on your plate.  Otherwise, I'm not liking your chances.  In other words, the portion sizes are quite large.  I ordered the chorizo and eggs and a Miller Lite(!)...was able to muscle my way through them, but barely touched the accompanying refried beans.  Very tasty.I sat at the counter, so I was able to see a lot of entrees come off the line and hear the waitresses complain about each other.  Riveting.The waffle would feed a family of four, I swear.The Peppermill is just a diner with a lot of flair.  I'll return on my next visit to LV.  You should too!NOTE:  I.F.O.C.E. = International Federation of Competitive Eating
5	The Peppermill is my new mandatory stop when in Vegas. The fireside  lounge is really cool, (kinda looks like a porn set shoot!), purple & pink neon lighting, round couch area to sit back and enjoy a cocktail. Over the top Vegas style, nice! The hi lite of the lounge is the water feature with flames emanating from the middle surrounded by a circular set of couches to kick back on. Our group  rolled in to get a Bloody Mary. Spicy yes, lots of good vodka, yes, big stalk of celery, Cucumber slice sidecar on the goblet, cherry tomato impaled on a plastic toothpick-very tasty indeed. We saw another group who ordered Scorpions, a massive 1/2 gallon goblet filled with Rum and stuff ; 24" straw included. Food wise , at breakfast,  I ended up going big , NY Steak & Eggs, perfect Med Rare cooked seasoned slab of cow, perfect scrambled eggs contained in a ramekin, Killer hash browns, Coffee was eh, but who cares. Good service , a bit more $ than other places, but I'll gladly pay more for the good stuff. Peppermill, ambiance, good food, strong drink, what's not to like!!We'll be back!!
3	There must be places in Vegas that'll serve you a large, well-made Sunday brunch without the half hour wait we had here -- which, thanks to the multiplicative powers of I-15 traffic, probably delayed our arrival home a hour and a half. Still, the queue aside, there was little to fault. My bacon and eggs were very satisfying, and the third of someone's Joe's Special I ended up having was nearly as good. Coffee was drinkable, near Starbucks quality (that's sort of a compliment).
4	The food is good, huge portion sizes, breakfast served 24-7 & separate cocktail waitress, reasonable prices what more can you ask for? They have variety of American dishes, from salads, sandwiches (even gyros), pastas, etc. Even a bigger plus for the fact it's open 24 hrs, just the hot pink/electric blue colors can be alittle bothersome if you stare at it too long. It has this retro nighttime diner feel to it with 80's music playing in the background
5	screw the dennys on the strip....this is the perfect place to go after a late night. The Peppermill is a fairly large restaurant with an old school diner feel. it's on the strip, the waitresses are sassy, and the portions are large. That and you can walk in here with a huge group of people and get seated immediately. the decor made me feel like i was in jurassic park...but i'm not sure why. something about all the greenery and the neon.granted, i don't really remember what the food tasted like...but they have rainbow sprinkles available on every table! wheee!
4	Looks like a neon factory threw up in here. For added bonus: cherry blossom trees that reach the ceiling, and flamingo lampshades. This place screams tacky in ways I never thought possible, and to make it even better, mirrored walls and ceilings amplify your...experience.
5	When arriving from NY do the following.1. Get off the plane2. Drop your stuff off at the hotel3. Proceed promptly to the cab stand and go to the Peppermill (the lounge portion)Anything short of that is inexcusable.  This place is the beginning middle and end of any good trip to Vegas.  It will get you in the Vegas vibe immediately and rejuvenate you after a long night out in it's warm bosom of semi-circular banquettes.The drinks are dead on and the black gown clad waitresses are divine.  Their Manhattan is one of the best I've had anywhere.  The food in both the lounge and the restaurant comes in significant portions.  We usually order the Nachos in the lounge which feeds 2 guys just fine to accompany post travel drinking.Most important of all, this place has a quiet kitschy mirrored wall pink neon class that connects the present to the Vegas of old.
4	I loved this place. I loved the fact that there are glammed out cocktail waitresses taking drink orders at 9AM on Sundays. I loved the pink and purple neon and the half moon booths.  I loved the biscuts and gravy, and my three scrambled eggs... extra cheese.  For the health concious, my friend ordered a yogurt and fruit nut thing that looked like it might be good for you. If you are in Vegas you have to check this place out.
4	First timer at the Peppermill!I knew we were in for a real treat whenever we told the cabbie the we wanted to go to the Peppermill Lounge. His response was a long pause and then he turned around and asked "How'd you guys hear about the Peppermill?"It's a place that locals and people in the know love and they want to keep it away from the mainstream Las Vegas Crowd.Pink and blue neon lights, disco ball ceiling and of course the fireplace. It's a place that you would never find in Boston, where I was visiting from. Maybe that's the reason why I loved it, it seemed like a million miles away from anywhere else that I had been.We sat lounge side and ordered drinks and appetizers. The food was decent, my only complaint was the drinks that we had packed very little punch which was ok, being that it was probably 2:00 PM when we went there. It was still a great place to relax before a big night on the town.I suggest going there with date. Don't tell her where you are going, just tell her you know a place uptown.
5	Of all the times I have been to Vegas I was missing something.....I needed something out of old time Vegas, something flashy, gawdy, and cool not dirty  and cheesy like Fremont street and over the top like the strip. Then I found my oasis....Peppermill! I went here because I saw it on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations and I was in complete awe of the decor and the large drinks they had and what I thought to expect Peppermill gave more. It's a great place to have drinks with your friends away from all the typical Vegas stuff. The waitresses outfits are tasteful and classy  from what I have seen at Vegas which is a relief itself. First time goer and likes to drink get the Scorpion.
5	The Peppermill is a tradition for me, i always plan to come here at least one late night every time I'm in town. What i love about this place obviously is the 24 hours of service, very "Vegas" ambiance (neon everywhere with mirror walls) and very good food and service. Service again is awesome, they even have cocktail waitresses that serve alcohol with your dinner. I would recommend hands down the BBQ pork ribs dinner , the meat is so tender it falls off the bones and the rack is so big it hangs off the plate. Get it with a side of onion rings, chicken chowder soup and a coke and you are set! Other notable favorites include the Chicken Fried Steak, Buffalo Chicken Wrap and Lasagna.The lounge inside the restaurant is also pretty fun especially if you are like me and do not really prefer the loud expensive ass clubs on the strip.
3	I really wanted to love this place after seeing all of the glowing reviews, but what I found on a Saturday morning was a generic middle American coffee shop.  Certainly not a bad breakfast option, but not worth a long walk from your hotel, either (if you are at Riviera or Circus Circus, though, check it out). Omelets are huge but filled with too much cheap American cheese, hash browns were rather hard and unappetizing. Maybe I caught them on a bad day...I liked the blue and purple lighting and the 70's-style round booths. Waitresses wore "Hawaiian truck stop" floral print dresses and were exceptionally nice and attentive. Much better service than the average 24-hour hotel restaurant.Can't comment on the dinner menu or late night experience - I'll have to go back and try it.  Overall I liked the place, and would be more likely to return soon if it weren't a little out of my way.
5	Here again and just love love love this place!  My friends had the chicken fried steak and eggs and they said it was awesome!
4	If you recognize the Fireside as soon as you walk in, you've watched too many episodes of Blind Date. The Fireside was the meeting point for a large group of people. The pretty girls in their tight low-cut dresses took really good care of us, even the one who was getting trained. (Wow...I'd hate to be trained on a group like the ruffians we were!). Martnins were small, but the big drink things were HUGE and perfect for sharing with 10 people. Get the one without the ice cream.It's a fun dive with big fluffy couches, a fireside lounge (literally), tiled mirrored ceilings and fake flowers and vines separating seating areas. Didn't eat at the Peppermill, but I can attest to the total fun-ness of the Fireside Lounge.
4	I really can't say much about this place (cuz I don't remember it that clearly), but I like what I remembered. Went there with a group of friends after a night out on the town. Showed up at around 5 am and a friend and I split some kind of nachos that were pretty good. Of course we weren't expecting mexican food and what we got was not very mexican, but at least it was what we expected. Another friend got a denver omelette and said it was the bomb. The waitress was very nice (read she didn't press sexual harassment charges against any of my friends) and had a good sense of humor. It's nice that they're open when you need them. Other than that, I really can't comment on the price or even the ambiance.
4	I have been to the restaurant twice.  Once for late night dessert and once for late night breakfast.  Portions are ridiculously huge, and the prices reflect that somewhat.  The food is decent, but nothing really special.  I recall my spinach and cheese omlette being pretty good though I could barely make it though half of it due to it's enormousness.And as is the usual story in Las Vegas, there isn't much here by way of vegetarian options.  They offer a veggie burger and a salad or two and of course breakfast food.This trip I was determined to check out the Fireside Lounge.  And I'm glad we did.  We took a seat on the cooshy couches surrounding the fire and ordered some appetizers.  It was a Sunday night and kind of quiet which was fine by us.  The neon, the decor, the fire.  So wonderfully cheesy.  I loved it.  They have a few small flat screen TVs affixed above the fire pit and they play music videos and live concerts which can provide some laughs, depending on your taste in music.I am glad I finally checked out the lounge as I read rumors that the Peppermill may be closing with no plan to relocate.  Which would be a total bummer.  But perhaps they should move it downtown.  It would fit in well there.
5	I saw the rumors that this place is closing and I weep for the future of Vegas.  I love love love this place.Even though I'm a native of Seattle and have only been to Vegas 4 times, I've made it a point to stop at the Peppermill for late night grub and insanely strong drinks in the Fireside Lounge every single time I've visited since my 21st birthday (oh so many moon ago).On my last trip to Vegas this past December I got to introduce a whole posse of Vegas virgins to the neon splendor and faux cherry tree glory that is the Peppermill.  Vegas is not cheap anymore, Vegas is very hip now and gone are many of the old cheezy Vegas landmarks that us out-of-towners tend to associate with this fair city, except the Peppermill.  This place is the platonic ideal of Vegas and I hope it stays.To echo some other reviews: insane portions to soak up alchohol? Check. Pretty hostesses? Check.  Unpretentious atomosphere? Check.  Strong drinks in a great setting? Check.  Go while you still can before it turns in to some new mega resort that welcomes only the very rich and very beautiful.
3	this place doesnt look like much from the outside so i was pleasantly surprised when i walked in. it looks like the inside of a tour bus with the fabrics, neon lighting and seating. its very kitschy but in a good way. prompt service, waitresses in short costumes (it IS vegas)  and good food try: the eggs benedict: three poached eggs on an english muffin with hollandaise sauce, two petite asparagus and hash browns. bonus: pepsi is served!
3	my boyfriend & i went here because we saw it on Anthony Bourdain.  though, i noticed it several times when in vegas.  we tried:Tomato Stack (mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, balsamic reduction)Southern Fried Steak (comes with mashed potatoes & steamed veggies)Burger with bacon & onion ringseverything was pretty good.  i'd probably stop here again after a late night at a strip club.  they're open 24 hours.
4	I've never sat down to eat here, but...I can't think of any place I'd rather be at 3:30am on a Saturday after a seemingly endless night of reckless gaming and fierce alcohol consumption.  Keep 'em coming, bartender.
3	Saw on a Vegas forum about this place and the rave reivews. I wanted to try new places out in Vegas. Went with my brother and sister. It was ok. I split a omelette with my brother and my sister tried the French Dip and said it was ok/good. The portions are huge! Don't think I would be back. Then again I heard it's closing!
3	Atmosphere was awesome in the Fireside lounge.. completely cheese-ball, old Vegas, fun. I found the drinks to be pricey (even for Vegas) and not tasty at all. We tried 3 and were completely unimpressed by all of them. I know you're paying for atmosphere and whatever, but it's a diner in a crappy location in the bad part of the strip.. come on.
5	This place is a diamond in the rough and I pray it never shuts down.My love for Anthony Bourdain's show No Reservations prompted me to check out this place and we had a blast.The place is tacky in the most awesome way possible...neon lights, mirrors line the walls and fake shrubs everywhere just add to the ambiance. We went on a Thursday, well, early Friday morning and it was the perfect amount of busy. There were 4 of us and we found a place to sit right away. The seating is cool and intimate. The actual fire lounge area is meant more for couples as the couches that circle it only seat 2 people. Looking around the joint, it was a good mix of people. There were some couples on dates, the obvious locals, larger groups and everyone was having a chill, good time.The specialty drinks are as tacky as the decor and again, I say that in the most loving way. The four of us shared a big ass fruity drink called the Scorpion and then ordered 4 separate cocktails. We also ordered the sampler platter that consisted of fried chicken strips, fried mozarella, fried shrimp, onion rings and bruscetta, basically drunk people food :) Our bill was only about $70!As far as I know it's open 24 hours, it's in the dicey area of the strip but who cares! It's worth the possible mugging  ;) We only hung out in the lounge area, didn't check out the restaurant so I can't comment on that.This will be on our list of things to do while in Vegas for now on without a doubt.
4	Came her with a group of friends for a late breakfast after we checked out of our hotel.  I had always seen this place at the end of the strip, but never stopped in.  It was a Sunday morning and we had a large group, so we had to wait a while.  We sat in the Fireside lounge while we waited.  They have the best Bloody Mary's I have ever had!  They serve them in a large hurricane glass, with a huge stalk of celery.  It had the right amount of spices and alcohol.  I honestly don't remember the food too much, it was good and the portions are huge.  It is a little pricey, don't let the location fool you, so if you lost your a$$ at the casino you might want to eat and drink somewhere else.  I definitely make it a point to come here when I am with a group of friends though.  The Bloody Mary's alone are worth it for me.
4	this place is hilarious. and we didn't even see the lounge behind the restaurant. the decor is like over the top 80's chinese restaurant style with almost life-sized cherry blossom trees and neon all over the ceiling. we almost didn't go in because it looks so much like a sketchy strip club from the outside.  the food is good - not anything fancy. luckily before we ordered our three omelets the waitress informed us (thank god) that each omelet was made from TEN EGGS! - a piece of information that actually made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.we ended up splitting one or two and getting a parfait which was cool but we didn't come close to finishing - but it was good.
5	My wife, kids and I dined at the Peppermill for breakfast on 7/3/08. I remembered ate here as a kid, though all I remembered was their giant hot fudge sundaes (they still have them).The Peppermill is a very odd place. From the outside it does not appear to be anything special. Step inside and you will find a coffee shop that looks like a Denny's on acid. There are blues, purples and pinks everywhere. There are mirrored ceilings, tiffany lamps and faux cherry blossom trees.The waitresses are wearing very short kimono type shirts/skirts. Making things more bizarre is that there is also a night club in the back that has pools in it that spit out fire on top of the water. Despite all of the craziness, the restaurant is 100% coffee shop in the front.SERVICE: Everything was right on the money here. There was a delay in bringing my food. Though not a big deal, the manager came over and took a percentage off of the bill without us asking. Everything was very prompt.FOOD: We ordered breakfast. Their hashbrowns are unique, I have never had ones like it. They were great and I am glad I ordered a plate of them. I could tell that they take great pride in the quality and preparation of all their food. Everything was outstanding. The kids ordered kids plates and loved them. We ate one of their gigantic hot fudge sundaes. The bill was about what you would expect to spend at a Denny's.RECOMMENDATION: For a great breakfast, you have to go to the Peppermill. It is located center strip and should be easily accessible from any of the Las Vegas hotels. It is truly a unique experience.
5	Best old-style Vegas cocktail lounge in town.  Romantic and yes, a bit cheesey, but sexy too.  Faux trees at every turn and little twinkling lights (or maybe that was just the effect of the cocktails) and comfy sofa's to plop down on and enjoy your drinks. They also serve a selection of appetizers in the lounge, so it is one of the few places left in town where one can enjoy decent cocktails, good appetizers and a smoke all at the same time.  The food served in the front of the house is always excellent (for a coffee shop) and generous portions.  I have always found the service to be friendly and prompt, although sometimes slow in the lounge.  Everyone should visit this place before they die!!!
4	Fun, 1970's pornstar-style-cocaine-on-table decor inside.   Has that sleazy feeling - but I must say, the food is EXCELLENT!  A bit overpriced and since they have so many selections, it is hit or miss with the entrees.      I suggest you stick with breakfast foods or dinner entrees and desserts.    But stay away from the rip-off $12 salads!  The Peppermill Fire Lounge in the other room is dark and has a comfortable, relaxed atmosphere.   I'll be back...!
3	This was the third time I'd been to Peppermill, and believe it to be a nice novelty.I'm not sure who did, and why they did decorate the place in purple, lilac, and neon.  I know it is Vegas, but....what?  Also the waitresses are like over 40 hooters retirees.  But then why to analyze too much..it's Vegas.  Check out the bar in the back (yeah its kinda like a surreal Denny's with a bar in the back) there is a fire pit/place.Worth a visit.  The food is good.  Some items slightly rich.  I've so far had a few different versions of their Eggs Benedict.  This last one was a Steak Benedict.  It was ok, next time I'll take the ham.Dafe
4	The fireside lounge is the best part about this place (aside from the Mrs. Palin lookalike serving us in the restaurant side who refused to take a photo with my group)....  You enter the super dark lounge through glass doors and there is a walk down roundabout with a pool (cool water which I tested) and a mini volcano erupting in the center, televisions all around everywhere but then again the ceilings are covered in disco ball mirror tiles and the walls alllll mirrors so maybe there was only one tv but the reflection in the mirrorS made me see otherwise...  anyway it was very calming after a rough night with the bright pink, blue and tiny lil white lights.  I honestly could have taken a nap here and nobody would have seen me.  There are all these small rooms tucked away amidst the mirrors, red carpet and red couches.  $8.00 Bloody marys which are served in a large cocktail glass along with a HUGE piece of celery, tomato and a slice of cucumber are a meal in themselves make it a double for and extra $2.00.  Its a good time, make sure to stop by next time youre dragging on a morning in Vegas.
2	I wanted so badly to like the Peppermill.I mean, I LOVE Vegas. I LOVE diner food, and um yeah, I LOVE Anthony Bourdain. Three great things must equal excellence, right?Wrong. I was so unimpressed. BFF and I drove into Vegas at 5am on a Thursday. So yes, we were stone cold sober, which I think was the problem. I can completely understand how, if you might have had one or nine cocktails, you would think the Peppermill was the shit. With bright neon lights, ginormous portions, and pretty quick service, it is a drinkers dream. I was charmed by the fake cherry trees and our friendly waitress.Our food, however, was gross. I had the eggs benedict. The hollandaise sauce was not hollandaise sauce, simply put. It was gray and was more like gravy. My English muffin was burnt and I didn't quite understand why I had three poached eggs. BFF had the Joe's Special, which sounded really delicious. We fought over who would order it. It was a mix of scrambled eggs, sausage, some veggies, served over potato skins, with cheese sauce. Sounds delish, but wasn't. The potato skins were just boiled potato chunks and the cheese sauce was bright orange. There was nothing real about that cheese sauce. For our two meals and two sodas, it was $36. Way too much for such a lackluster meal. I gotta admit, it hurt my heart a lil to know that my Anthony and so many Yelpers could be occasionally wrong.
5	Go to the peppermill next time you are in Vegas. To quote one of my friends "the whole place looks like the inside of a limo " it's a neon jungle on crack...pinks and purples and teals...flamingo decor...weird shaped booths.The food in the restaurant part is pretty good. I had a burger( i think it was on parmesan toast) The waitresses wear full blown tacky cocktail gown's. The bar/lounge with the fire pit !!!! pure cheeky heaven. for the restless they had some video poker all up in there too !this place is a must see !
5	(read the following review to the tune of bobby brown's "every little step")i can't sleep at night, i toss and turndreamin' about the peppermillbut i get a crave so i'm all choked upcan't believe i need another filland as a matter of fact, it blows my mindhow delicious your dessert drinks can bebecause the drinks you do is a dream come truea real life fantasyno matter where i am in vegasi've found a great place to loveand we will be together, drinking grasshoppers foreverit's like that, it's like thatevery little vegas trip i takei will go thereevery little vegas trip i makei'll be at the peppermill yeah.....the peppermill brings tacky-chic to a whole new level. first of all, don't tell me you don't love plastic foliage, red and blue neon lights, AND fire shooting out of the middle of a watery pit. i sure as hell can't get enough of this place and i don't say this because i'm intoxicated. i say this out of pure, on bended knees kind of love. try their "grasshopper," an alcoholic mint milk shake that flows smoothly through your straw, and i swear, YOU will be as smitten as i am. happy drinking folks! you won't regret it!
4	So Im pretty convinced that our waitress at the Peppermill was the stripper from the night before who put lit matches in her nipple ring holes for my friends birthday "cake".  The Peppermill is where everyone goes for bloody mary's in the "morning" (after check out) on the way home from Vegas. We had a big group of people and they were able to seat us together without much of a long wait. This place was packed, but not ridiculous so it was humming. There is a seperate wait person for every thing: coffee guy, booze lady,  food lady and so on which can make for a confusing time since its no ones job to get the coffee, except that one guy but he's in the back making crack for the rest of the wait staff (they are ALL so hyper). Any who- the decor was alright, kinda cheesy blue neon lights and stuff. The food was decent, the coffee was hot and strong and I even tried the bloody mary (i hate them normally) and it was pretty dang fabulous.All and all I wouldn't be completely opposed to coming here again.
3	Hello miami vice and pink neon! Was this once a strip club turned family dining? It is open 24hrs with a romantic fireside lounge. The portions are huge! You will pay about $11.95 for a breakfast dish, this is not an IHOP or Denny's style pricing. You will notice the inside decor looks like you are outside...i hope that made sense, since there was a tree right next to me at breakfast. I think I was more into the experience then the actual food, the taste was nothing special just average.The Fireside Lounge I admit was a selling point. Very relaxing and had that Tony Montana (Scarface) vibe to it. I am singing "I Ran" by Flock of Seagulls right now. Great spot for a early morning grub session or late nightcap before bed.
3	After a very very I mean very long night at prive, we were starving! We decided to head to the peppermill. Our taxi driver that took us there was crazy... i mean i think he smoked some crack before he was driving, but he was cool though.. he knew everything about the peppermill, and told me to get the fruit bowls.He said, "It's the best fruit bowl you'll ever have in Las Vegas" hahaha lol! Let me tell you... the fruit bowl was nasty. Don't order it.  Food was great, i love the stripper theme, that's always hot for a bunch of drunk people. The worst part about this place is that no taxi's will pick you up from here so beware... come here with caution if you're drunk! You'll have a long walk back to you're hotel, unless you're staying at sleezy hotel like the riviera, or circus circus.
4	Still love it, even though they've now got enough flat-screen tvs in the Fireside Lounge to have, like,  a 1:1 ratio to customers when the place is packed. I still really enjoy that the waitress are in full-length black evening-type gowns at all hours. It make it feel special, even if it's only 4 in the afternoon.They need to dust the forest of trees in the main dinging area.
4	My new area of intimacy in Vegas--I can't wait to go back. The Fireside Lounge's staff is delightful, and my husband loved the sophisticated black dresses worn by the cocktail servers (oh, googly bear, you need a dress like that). The food was okay, but the drinks were outstanding. Oh, the scorpion bowl. I want to bathe in the scorpion bowl. The other foo foo drinks are good, but they can't top the giant scorpion bowl with ice cream. The flaming lounge fountain is great, too, but after a few hours I had a raging sunburn. However, I recovered quite nicely.
4	We came just for dessert... on new years day morning around 6am.We had the hot fudge sundae, and a milkshake. The milkshake was horrible.. it was really cheap.. like from McDonalds.  I wouldn't get that again.The sundae, though, was real good. It was in a huge cup with hot fudge covering the whole thing, although the layer was thin, the quality of the fudge was pretty decent.  The ambiance of this place is nice.. I can't remember anything else much like it.  For a 24hr diner, this is a decent choice.  The prices aren't that cheap for being outside of a casino, but it's still on the strip.The servers were VERY friendly as well.I would only recommend this place for late night because there are better choices during more normal hours.
4	I've been here several times and each time it seems like it gets better. Sure it's a great place to chill and relax by the fireplace to grab a drink and relax. But what keeps me coming back is the classic greasy american diner grub in a only in Vegas atmosphere! i.e. bright tacky florescent lighting, flamingos, and the familiar pink Vegas lighting glow! I usually stick with the classic diner grub, i.e. burgers, sandwiches, and egg dishes. Portions are decent, flavor is what you'd expect from this type of place. The Pastrami is very nicely done! The rings and fries are no joke either! Food is way better than a large portion of the 24/7 cafes in most of the casinos. The service is very friendly and professional! I usually ask what they would recommend, the responses have always been pretty good! At least the servers know which of  their food taste good!  Drinks are served by ladies in an evening dress! With those coming out of the "Fireplace" bar! Usually a pretty funny scene with all the drunks coming in and out of the bar area!  Classic!Eat, Drink, and be Merry!
2	This is not a pleasant review to write, because I've always enjoyed the Fireside lounge, and would go back there in a heartbeat when looking for a nice place to have a drink with friends.However, the Peppermill restaurant seems to have gone downhill since our last visit.  The environment is still wonderful and intimate in its cheesy neon-y way, but something has happened to the food.  Namely, it's no longer worth the price they're now asking for relatively simple fare.A basic plate of eggs and pancakes is over $10 now.  Omelettes are around $13.  Uh... what?  $3 for coffee... very, very oily coffee.My chorizo and eggs featured overcooked scrambled eggs with very dried-out chorizo mixed in.  The beans that came with them were right out of a can and heated for way too long, until they were cracked and dry.My wife's corn beef hash and eggs was runny, with canned hash underneath.  It was greasy and not very good.Normally, I'd not be so disappointed by greasy or not well cooked breakfast food -- they're not called greasy spoons for nothing -- but for the price, the ire rises dramatically.It saddens me to say it, but if you're after great breakfast fare in Vegas, go for Blueberry Hill, or Hash House a go-go instead.  You'll be much happier.  Maybe we just got a bad line cook that day, but the impression is going to stick with us for quite a long time.
4	So we arrived on friday night and we were wanting to eat and we weren't wanting a all you can eat place. So I looked on yelp and read your reviews and I figured yes we will eat here. Turned out it was close by and we walked over from the Hilton Resort. Turned out this place is like a Denny's but with tripple the price tag and the portions larger. We all ordered breakfast and I would say we all enjoyed our breakfast. The place had a few roudy people but it was a good place to hang-out. The only thing that I would recommend is to be able to move the table out a little because I felt I was in a tight booth.  As we left the place I wanted to check out the pool of fire but that was in another section and it was cozy in there but there was way too much smoke in there.  maybe next time were in the hood we'll check out the lounge area and hang.
5	Tacky spectacularness!!!!!!!!!!!!  Jacuzzi firepits... Velvet booths... Neon lighting piping through the mirrored walls... This place is Vegas at it's finest.I was first introduced to The Peppermill back in 2003 by my cousin's friend who swore it was the only place to go in Vegas for breakfast.  5 years later and I have to go at least once a trip every time I'm up there.Honestly, the food is just typical diner fare.  I can't say there's a stand out in the food category besides the fact that the portions are GINORMOUS!  The thing I make sure to order every time is their signature Bloody Mary.  It goes down soooooooo easily after a good night in Vegas.Go for the cheesefactor, if not for anything else.  I swear, you'll be stoked that you did.
4	Cute kitchy Vegas at its finest.  Huge portions.  Their omelets are yummy.Must-eat for out-of-town guests.Oh, and one time I saw Todd Bridges (Willis from Diff'rent Strokes) here, so maybe you'll have your own D-list celeb sighting when you go!
3	okay. wtf. why was my lipton cup of tea $3.35? thats like...a single latte at starbucks. lipton tea is one of the cheapest tea brand i know, and to charge me that much for a cup is ridiculous. i like the place n food even though its a bit more expensive than your usual denny's but thats not the problem. i'm still mad that i was charged $3.35 for my cup of tea :*[damn you!
3	I thought this place was ehhh.. I only tried the teriyaki wings and they were actually pretty good but nothing special! They came in such a huge portion that I had leftovers for later. I didn't try anything else but I don't think I'd stop by again just because I think I can find a better place.
3	Whoa! The decor in this greasy spoon is utterly craptacular! The combo of blue lighting with red neon, mirrored ceilings, marble counters and full-size faux cherry trees in bloom is truly a sight to behold. The fire pit surrounded by water in the lounge is a sight for sore eyes as well. Check out the uniforms on the waitresses. Who knew you could do so much with so little floral patterned polyester? The food is decent and the portions are HUGE. We made the mistake of going when we first got to Vegas. This place would be the perfect stop after a night of heavy drinking. The food is good enough and the value is there. The people watching is utterly top notch. It's worth the trip as long as you're prepared for a trip to Tackyland.
2	The Peppermill defies description.  Refined tackiness.  Utterly Craptastic.  Could it be that a Flamingo exploded in this place to give it the outragious pink hues?All kidding aside, the best thing about this restaurant is the decor.  It screams cheesiness and vintage Vegas, with its faux neon lights and the veritable faux forest.  When was the last time you saw a deciduous tree in the middle of the desert?  I love the decor, and make sure that I always step into the lounge, open 24 hours a day, to see the fire and water fountain as well as the cocktail servers in the evening gowns split up to...here.Now to the substance.  Peppermill is an institution.  It has been around seeming forever, and had a scene from "Casino" filmed there with Sharon Stone.The food is average, at best.  It is also overpriced.  The place is best on its breakfast foods, in my humble opinion.  The omelets are huge, but again, overpriced.The appetizer sampler platter is good, but overpriced.  Oddly enough, the onion rings on the appetizer platter are different than the onion rings as a side item.I recommend this place for drinks in the lounge, and for breakfast on the weekends if you are staying on the Strip.  The place, while overpriced, is still cheaper than the buffet.  And more fun.Are you noticing a trend here?  I will hit you over the head with it one more time...overpriced.
3	My boyfriend and I needed a break from the upscale, so we tried a place with neon lighting, short skirted cocktail servers and mirrored ceilings.  We sat kitty corner to a slew of hair band impersonators, which just seemed to enhance the absurdity of the place.  Our food was great, seemed healthier than most quick bite places and our cocktails were strong.  What more can one expect from one of the older dives in Vegas?
4	Someone else called this place overpriced, but it's waaaaaaayyyy cheaper than most of the hotel steakhouses now.  You can get a steak here for $29.50 max, and that's with shrimp scampi.  We ended up going here instead of eating at the steakhouse in the Paris, where a steak was $40.  Of course, you could probably eat at IHOP or Denny's for cheaper, but we wanted to go someplace that we'd never been to.We were blown away by the shiny ceilings, neon, flamingo lamps, and the goofy trees all over.  I would say it's worth it just to see the decor.  They have a cocktail waitress that never came to our table, which was really annoying.  We had six people that wanted to drink, so I guess it was their loss.  The food came in shockingly vast quantities and most of us left with our plates still half full of food.  We ordered two breakfasts, two steaks, and one pasta dish and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I have no idea if we'll be back unless someone in our party hasn't seen the place, as the food is really just diner food, but it's a good place to experience if you're dying for something that is typical Las Vegas and worth taking photos of.
5	everyones said it. yes tacky but satisfying food for those late/early morning hungry clubbers. i think the lounge is pretty cool actually. kinda has that austin powers retro fire spitting feel good vibe. i dont like bloody mary's but my husband said they make it really good here. can't expect much.. but from your options in the whee hours.. i think this place rocks!
4	The Peppermill is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen.  Maybe I can say that because I don't wait tables there so am not obligated to wear shiny rayon tropical-print skort sets with shiny opaque flesh-toned pantyhose, but that was all part of the fun. I wanted a savory omelet and a sweet doughy blueberry muffin.  I got my savory omelet and a sweet doughy blueberry muffin.  My life is perfect; how about yours?
4	the food isnt bad at all.the reason im reviewing though is for the banana split.OMG.definately one of the best i have ever had. and definately worth the $8.95.if youre around that part of town and just need a quick desert or meal, stay away from the pricey food courts and restaurants in the big casinos.peppermill is definately worth it.
4	OMG, can you say gluttony at it's effin best!!!went here late night after the crue show/afterparty....one of the guys on staff at the hard rock recommended it.being the fat campers that we are on weekends and definitely during a b-day celebration, we ordered a few dishes thinking we would split them.*PLEASE BE FORWARNED* the portions are GI-NORMOUS!!!!!!!!order one thing and split it b/w two...we had to cancel two of our dishes, lucky for us things were coming in phases, if not we would have been seriusly F'ed!the food is good for late night! better than a dinner spot.  also, it was packed with other friendly (slightly inebriated) late-night party go-ers. good times, relaxed vibe, not pricey.
4	I decided I wanted to visit the Peppermill when I saw it on No Reservations. Then after reading the reviews on here I knew I absolutely had to go since I prefer places with..hmm..lets call it  "character".Cheesy. Check. A little tacky. Check. Absolutely wonderful. I think so.  I made the lounge my first stop after arriving in Vegas at 2am. I was surrounded by fake plastic trees and hot pink rope lights. I sat where I could overlook the fire pit and was served by a waitress in an evening gown. She and I bonded over making fun of the guy I was with as he asked a billion questions about martinis and I, the chick, just ordered a beer. The alcohol prices, I would soon learn, are pretty much on par with most places in Vegas. They did however have pretty good booze specials that started at either 3 or 4 am ( I cant remember exactly) and ran for a couple hours. I also opted to feast on some nachos.  One order was more than enough for 2 people. Oh, and I know this may not be important to all but I was very impressed that the nachos were clearly layered. By this I mean Chips then cheese then chips then cheese etc.  Not just cheese on the very top of the chips. What can I say? Little things impress the hell out of me. In conclusion, it was a great start to my first trip to Vegas. Oh, Peppermill I will be seeing you again soon.
4	Went for breakfast.  The firepit looks totally different in daytime.  Anyway, on to the eggs:  the biggest omelet I've ever seen.  And somehow they managed to make it taste delicious.  Great service.  Very affordable.
4	Allow me to be blunt: this place is fucking amazing!!  Every time I find myself in Vegas, I end up drinking myself into oblivion and eating like crap.  So after a few days, when my body is pissed off and my liver is overworked and ready to pack up and call it quits, I know it's time for some serious foodage to restore my partying abilities.  Time to go to Peppermill!Yeah, one plate of food here could probably feed an entire army of ravenous adolescent boys.  Still, I can never seem to agree on a dish to split with my friends, so I always end up ordering something for myself, only to eat and eat and eat for like 45 minutes to maybe get through 1/4 of the food before I wave my white flag of surrender and admit that I have once again been dominated by the Peppermill.  No joke, the omelets are bigger than my head, and they should probably give you a shovel to eat the side of hash browns with.  However, quality has not been sacrificed for quantity.  The food tastes amazing, no matter if you go for lunch at noon or for a drunken munchie run at 4 AM.I'd give it 5 stars, but I'm taking off one because I don't particularly like the part of the strip that it's located in.  Sorry Peppermill, otherwise, you're perfecto!!!
5	Absolute magic. The Fireside Lounge transforms a person. Sitting there drinking Jack Daniels while eating plate after plate of ribs served by beautiful women in long evening/nightgowns all the while surrounded by fire and water and live concert videos, this is why America is, and will continue to be, the greatest country on earth!There is simply nothing wrong with this place and everything right about it. if I could give it 10 stars I would, in fact, fuck it, I am. 10 stars.
4	First, let me get something straight. A couple of the people on here gave bad reviews and then stated they had something like "teriyaki chicken" -- THIS PLACE IS A DINER!You don't come here for the teriyaki chicken or steak, you come here for the classic diner favorites: anything breakfast, sandwiches and burgers. It is in these areas that the Peppermill will knock your socks off. The portions are huge and although the place is super packed 24/7, the quality of food is still very good. My eggs (over easy), were cooked perfectly, my chicken fried steak was crispy, warm and had just the right amount of gravy, and my hash browns were golden brown and delicious. After a night of drinking, this place provides the diner fuel needed to return to the strip.
3	I only ate in the Peppermill restaurant and I didn't go to the Fireside Lounge.  I like the jungle ambiance of the restaurant and the service was fast. The food was also good, but it wasn't a knock out and it definitely was not the best late night food I've ever eaten. But in a city that claims to have all this late nigh food, I'm glad at least the peppermill is around.
3	On our way out of Vegas on Monday morning, we decided to check out the Peppermill which some friends had told us about. For a Monday morning, it was pretty crowded when we arrived at 10:30 am. Wait time was about 20 minutes before we were seated at a table. We weren't in a huge rush, so it didn't bother us.The first thing I noticed when we walked in was the large amount of neon pink throughout the restaurant. Not only that, but there are also lots of fake trees and plants. It totally gives it a kitschy diner feel and reminds me of why I love Vegas! The menu is large and you can get anything on it 24 hours a day. Feeling hungry for an omelet - check; feeling like a chicken caesar wrap - check; does shrimp scampi sound good - check; how about ribs - check. If you're craving it, I bet it's on the Peppermill menu.My husband and I stuck with breakfast since it was mid-morning. I had the eggs and bacon and my husband had a belgian waffle. He liked the waffle well enough and it was quite large. My scrambled eggs were cooked well (not watery at all) and my bacon came out crispy as ordered. I hated the hash browns - not only were they not cooked all the way, but they lacked the crispiness that I prefer. It was basically just a pile of potato on the plate. For a soda, glass of orange juice and 2 breakfast entrees, our bill came to $29 before tip.We were a tad disappointed in the food, but I guess if you go late at night after a full night of drinking, it probably is decent.
5	Funky Fabulous! After reading these reviews I simply had to see the Fireside Lounge and it did not disappoint. The decor is Disco Pink meets a 1980's Cocaine Party and throw in LOTS of fake trees. Drink prices reasonable too!
3	If you wake up one morning in Vegas and wonder to yourself what's Vegas like back in the days, you should definitely take yourself (and bring a friend or two with you just in case you got lost in the time warp) to this Las Vegas almost landmark.  The decor of the place and the uniform of the staff are cheesier than a deep dish pizza. Fake cherry blossom trees aside, the pantyhose on those waitress are seriously reflective!Like any restaurant, not everything on the menu is good, and not every waiting staff is attentive all the time; I had some hit and miss experiences with this place with both the food and service, hence the 3 stars.Check it out nonetheless, it'll bring you back to the good old days =)
3	Okay, the decor is awful and cheesy (but I guess that is part of the fun as well as a statement that the times may change, but Peppermill doesn't out of some sense of righteousness, laziness, and/or lack of funds).  They make the waitresses wear these awful, ugly uniforms (it reminds me of the flair Jennifer Aniston had to put up with in Office Space).We went here for breakfast, and it wasn't actually okay.  The omelettes and pancakes were both good.  And for breakfast, it is a little different food and atmosphere than you get in the buffets on the mostly Disney-fied Las Vegas strip.
4	This is a must see!  Very low key and retro.  As the other reviews have mentioned it is tacky, but it is a fun tacky.  The analogy to a limo is spot on.  It was relaxing watching music video's by the bubbling fire pit while sipping some good drinks at a good value.  I also agree with the comment that this would be a good place to eat after going on a bender.  I had an egg skillet that was HUGE and delicious with spicy sausage.  It almost reminded me of a garbage plate in a good way.
5	One of the last classic spots in Vegas to eat - and one of the best!I have eaten at the Peppermill many times. It's a little pricey, but I have always gotten delicious food, great service, and the ambiance is classic vintage Vegas. It has kind of a tropical theme, kind of retro and cheesy, but in my opinion, I prefer the old school Vegas that had character and kitsch than the new fancy-schmancy Vegas any day. ;-)There is also the Fireside Lounge which is their cocktail bar area that has, of course, a fireplace. Very cozy and intimate. Great place to bring a friend, colleague, or special someone to have drinks and eat fantastic food anytime, 24/7. Of course, breakfast is served all day (they have the best omelettes!), and their booze is good. I had a chocolate martini once that gave me a hell of a buzz. I also recommend going there during a holiday to pick up a special, like on Thanksgiving. Their turkey dinner was to die for! So, if you want to get a sense of what the "good 'ol days" of Vegas were like, drop by the Peppermill. It is truly one of the last unique and colorful places you will find on the Strip. You won't be disappointed! :-)
4	i always think of this place when i think of vegas or go there. this was the only place that was yummy the first time i went to vegas. i dont remember what i got.. it was frickin good though. just ask for suggestions, the waitress we had was so helpful. and they were nude,shiny leggings that makes their legs look GOOD. i want a pair. cant wait to go eat here, just sucks cuz i never stay anywhere that is close to the peppermill . going to vegas next weekend! hope i can hit up peppermill!
5	Props to my man Paul J... his review says it all:"Absolute magic. The Fireside Lounge transforms a person. Sitting there drinking Jack Daniels while eating plate after plate of ribs served by beautiful women in long evening/nightgowns all the while surrounded by fire and water and live concert videos, this is why America is, and will continue to be, the greatest country on earth!There is simply nothing wrong with this place and everything right about it. if I could give it 10 stars I would, in fact, fuck it, I am. 10 stars."
5	Okay. So five-stars *may* be a little inflated, but they closed the last peppermill in the Bay Area about 6 or 7 years ago, and I miss it. My favorite thing is the fruit salad. Which is enough fruit and fiber for 4. It comes with homemade banana bread - um, yum - and marshmallow dipping sauce, AND rainbow sherbet. Hello?! Dessert! :) The colorful sugar is deemed magical.
5	The best service I've had in a long time!! I had breakfast at the Peppermill on March 14th, the day after my friend's wedding. We were a group of about 14 people. I was a waitress in my past life and I remember dreading big parties.Our waitress (wish I remembered her name) was awesome! She was quick, efficient, and offered split checks... she was amazing! The food was good and the service was even better! I will definitely go back to the Peppermill the next time I am in Vegas!!
4	Go where the locals go...DUH!Trust me and the other people who review this place, its way better than going to Denny's, IHOP or any place to get late night food.Its not hard to find, its right on the strip, not too far from the WYNN/Encore Hotel. Basically in between Sahara & Spring Mountain streets.Portions are big, and everything's not too bad for the price.Fireside lounge is cute...kinda romantic?The main restaurant decor is of course semi cheesy but I like it, it kind of lets you know...your really in Vegas hahaha.So far I think one of my favorites off the menu is the Peppermill Pastrami Burger 11.95YUM!Also if you ever get hash browns try it with cheese and country gravy  on top. For some reason that combination tastes really good when you've been drinking =DBy the way....just the head's up... its CROWDED on a friday/saturday night, hahaha but that's already a given.
5	Disco brunch!I love how in Vegas everything is neon and looks like a slot machine.  I have never been to one but I bet even the laundromats in vegas make you stoked to put your quarters in the slot, cuz you just might win!  Win getting your clothes clean that is!Anyways, back to the peppermill.  This place was so awesome.  Neon, glamorous, chromey interior. Just the thing you need after you've been at a gentlemen's club till 7am that same morning.   So you hit the Peppermill.  It's nice and cool, and darkly lit, and the waitresses are really chill.  They serve HUGE bloody marys and mimosas.  (The bloodies need more horseradish though.)   Food portions are huge and the menu is extensive.  You will definitely find something to eat here.  there is even a lounge in the back with a cool fire pit you can sit by if you want even more of the hair of the dog.   This is a great place to go to re-calorize for your flight home.   A fitting end to a great vegas weekend!
1	Fail.Where to start.  How about how our waitress didn't show up to our table for about 20 minutes.  Much of the awfulness of this place does have to do with possibly the worst person who has ever called herself a waitress.  I'm not sure how many tables she was responsible for but the wait at the door would have been at least 20 minutes less if she was even remotely competant.  The food was below average and cold and not cheap.  Denny's quality with gourmet prices...no thank you.  With as much velvet and neon in this place the waitress should do a strip tease or something before I get my eggs.
5	Where do I want to go to breakfast when I'm in Vegas? Does that question even need to be asked?I've never, ever had a bad experience there, in the many times I've been there over the past 15 years. It's amazing how little the place changes - maybe the management could update the waitstaff's cocktail-waitress-type attire from the Hawaiian nightmare it is now (and always has been), but that's about it. Service is sometimes slower when they get slammed (and they do get very slammed at times) but since I rarely get to bed before 2am when in Vegas, the crowd has usually dissipated by the time I roll in for breakfast at 11ish.I've almost always been greeted warmly by the waitstaff (although they usually don't know me from Adam until my second or third consecutive morning in), the portions are so huge I can't finish my ham and eggs (and I can eat a LOT of ham) and the eggs benedict is one of the best I've had anywhere. Prices are reasonable, and the coffee cups are large. (Tip: go easy on the sparkly colored sugar in your coffee - the stuff is even sweeter than "Sugar in the Raw.")The only other place in Vegas that I'd even consider recommending for breakfast in LV is the Grand Lux at the Venetian, but that's like being the second best golfer to Tiger Woods. And I do admit I've never been in the lounge, but I hear it's awesome as well.
4	This place was a food refuge after being trapped with Kady's at the Riv.  The food was always great, from the massive breakfast portions, to the decent steak offerings.  The drinks were always decent, with a good pour of liquor, not the light handed stuff you get at the hotel bars.  Service was always prompt and friendly.
4	I never thought it would be so difficult to find a cheeseburger in Vegas, but that was our exact problem last night. Sure, we could have gone to Fat Burger or McDonald's, but we were all dressed up and wanting something with a little more atmosphere. Thankfully, our bartender provided us with a little tip: The Peppermill. It was perfect! Quintessential Las Vegas vibe! My fiance described the atmosphere best - half strip club, half Denny's. The cheeseburgers were excellent and so were the fries. It was just what we needed after a few nights of froo-froo food.
5	This is real deal Vegas. This spot gets street cred for being featured in the  opening scenes of the movie Casino. The crazy lighting Red & Blue Neon, The fire in the fountain, The plastic flowers and mirrors everywhere just get you off center to begin with. The slanky dresses on the hot waitress only add to the class of Fireside lounge. Get a fishbowl drink, make out by the fire, wear sunglasses at night eat the Peppermill's giant Omelette. it's a surreal experience and a must when you are in Vegas.
3	I always enjoy a trip to the Peppermill because, in the era of "Blush," and "Pure," this place is like a time capsule of swank. If you can get a seat fireside, then you have arrived. This last trip, we lucked out and scored a seat right by the fire pit, which is a rarity. The drinks are good (I had the Cherry Bomb) and the help is OK. There was a creepy manager, all of 20 years old with a neck tattoo, but that was the only downside. Plush red wraparound booth seating and dim lighting...go there to relax away from the hustling Vegas crowd.
4	I came here with my buddy before we were going home from a great weekend of partying and gambling.  We stayed at the Riviera and we always saw this 24-hour restaurant with a huge crowd.  It reminded me of the Denny's in my local town.  I read some of the reviews on yelp and we made our way here before the drive home.Great breakfast! I had Joe's San Francisco Special.  It's a fat omelet with onions, potatoes, cheese, spinach, and lots of meat.  You get one side which is a choice of toast, blueberry muffin, or a bran muffin.  I chose the blueberry muffin.  It was fresh from the oven and tasted delicious!  The prices are not bad and the food is great.  I'll definitely want to try their lunch and dinner.
3	After being rejected by the cafe in our hotel, our group came here for some late night grub. The first thing that hits you is the neon lights EVERYWHERE. Purple lights up the ceiling, walls, some of the tables, everywhere. I know it's to play up on the whole Vegas theme, but it can be a bit much. There's some fake flowered trees in between a lot of the tables that overhangs some of the walk ways which was a nice touch, and the bathrooms were roomy and clean.I ordered a cheeseburger with bacon and fries along with a Blue Hawaiian, and rather than getting an alcoholic drink, it tasted like blue fruit juice (yes, blue is a flavor). Disappointing, but at least the burger was well done. The waiters were a bit difficult to flag down, but they were running around the whole dining floor, so it wasn't a big deal. The only things we needed to ask for was the check - food comas can hit pretty hard after a filling meal when the sun is coming up.Overall I'd say it's nicer than Denny's and wouldn't mind going back, but it's not a place I'd jump out of my seat to go to. Unless it was 4am and Denny's was the only other option.
5	graet place to hang out and drink the night away. they serve some of the best appetizers in the entire strip. the nachos are exellent and plentyfull.we almos had everything on the menu. are waitress was the best aswell. was very help in helping us what their specialtys were.
3	Peppermill is a classic.  It's extremely ghetto & it hasn't been remodeled in decades.  But there's some charm in that, I suppose.  There used to be a Peppermill in Cupertino when I was younger and we frequented the establishment. Clearly, Cupertino was not a good fit for this type of restaurant but Vegas is just perfect!On Saturday, we stopped by for brunch. We got there around noon and had to wait more than half an hour to get seated.  I ordered the burger (because I don't eat eggs) but quite a few people in my party ordered breakfast items.  Everyone (except one person) loved the food.  The portion size is huge!  However, you have to be aware that a lot of shady things have occurred in those booths over the years so don't get too comfortable in there.  Also, the crowd is really mixed - from overweight chicks in tiny shorts to Asian gangsters to local families.
5	I love this place.Yes it is neon and tacky heaven and the waitresses in the diner wear outfits made out of me mammy's old curtains, but it is just so damn good a diner. Good food, huge selection, super friendly staff (except one lady who looked like she wanted to chin me, because she brought me a Dr Pepper when I ordered a Coke) and the Fireside Lounge is the stuff made of legends.The Fireside Lounge is a dark den, that is lit up by neon trim and pool of bubbling water with fire coming out of the middle. Pure class.The crowd is eclectic as hell. You will get vaguely normal folk from the strip who have heard of the legend that is the Peppermill mixed in with crazy folk who have been there all night playing the video poker machines and rumour has it the odd lady of the night with that something extra that you really do not want to see!If you go to Vegas you have experience the Peppermill it is one of a kind.
2	I know this place is ghetto famous. I get that some think it deserves more stars simply for irony.  But here's the deal:Do I want irony in Vegas? Where there are soooo many competing amazing places that are open all night?Peppermill is the kind of place that would mean so much to me if it was the only late night diner in a town with nothing else to do and the strange dark neon/art deco feel was just kitschy. But in my head, I can't put black lights and Hawaiian themes together, so it just feels really strange. I couldn't feel calm in the place if you gave me 3 shots of whisky and a valium. The cocktail servers in the lounge wear long evening gowns, and the restaurants servers where strange teensy server shorts with aloha shorts. It's just very very strange. That said, everyone should go once.
4	Oh snaaap. If you wanna feel like Sharon Stone in 'Casino' circa 1975, then put on that sparkly silver dress and get your ass to the Fireside Lounge. While so many places in Vegas are trying to go old school back to Sinatra in the 50s, Peppermill boldly stays in the 70's...tacky floral uniforms and all.The restaurant part is okay, but lounge is where it's at. Sitting around the water/fire pit on those cheese plush couches makes you wonder why disco ever ended. ...well, other than the million obvious reasons, but the cheesy throwback amazingness of this place can't be beat.
5	The Peppermill is a must see when in Vegas. Its like a strip club with no poles and average looking waitresses in floor length identical dresses. There are no windows in the lounge area and plush magenta fabric on anything that is nailed down, accented by rope lights in various colors. The fire pit is cool to look at but drinking and sitting by a fire is no picnic. Gets all hot and uncomfotable. Plus the tv's all over playing weird random videos is always fun. I recommend the scorpian. Its huge with like 8 different shots but tastes like fruit punch! Or the grasshopper, its like a blended thin mint mmmm....Great appetizers too! And the restaurant has a full menu 24 hrs!!! Beware though, their portions are outta control huge, but for sure the best breakfast ever! I go every time I go to Vegas and will continue to do so!If you have not been you need to GO GO GO!!!
4	I love the Peppermill! Best Rueben sandwich in Vegas - and I don't even like sauerkraut. It is two different experiences in one. The restaurant is like visiting a dark Denny's on acid, but with much better food. After you're full, you need to check out the Fireside lounge in the back. Cozy up on a red velvet couch and wait for a stripper to come sit on your lap, although if a girl does sit on your lap, it's probably not a stripper since the place only looks and feels like a boobie bar, but really isn't. I always make at least one late night trip to the Peppermill whenever in Vegas for grub and a cocktail or two...
4	This place has a diner side with 24 hour service and then the Fireside Lounge where you can chill out and have some drinks. Ck out the pics for this place, there's a pic or two of the fire/water thingie - it's really way cool. The place is major tacky but in a fun and cozy way. In the diner there are huge artificial cherry blossom trees all over the place. The decor is like nothing I ever saw before. The food is excellent, too. At least what we had was good. We had breakfast. My husband got the pancakes and they were three enormous cakes that even he couldn't finish. (He ate the three pound Big Daddy Luke burger - but that's another review!) I had the french toast collage and it was yummy, too. The Collage is bacon, eggs, and french toast. We took a cab here. I don't think it is the best neighborhood to go wandering around. It is near the Sahara and Riviera. We almost went two times cause it was so good and fun.
4	Oh Peppermill....what is left to say about your gloriousness?This is the single location I have been drunk in more than any other in the continental United States.The ranch dressing is awesome.Sitting on red velvet couches around a firepit talking to strange Australians is awesome. I feel sad for the servers and the outfits they have to wear.Seriously, this is the place I always bring friends when I am in Vegas visiting the bro.  It is always a hit.
3	I think my anticipation level had reached it's apex as I pulled up to entrance. After all, the stream of gushing, effusive Yelp reviews certainly did a lot to get me excited. I was expecting to enter a world straight outta "Boogie Nights" or something, but what I got was a decor that looked decidely more "Scarface" than "Casino". The tacky blue neon lighting and faux foliage made me feel like I was stuck in the 80's. I kept expecting our waitress to bring out a complimentary mountain of "booga suga" just to get the feast off to a rockin' start. The food here was adequate in quality and price. I got the chicken foccacia sandwich with fruit salad. The sandwich was a heavy meal, due in no small part to the bread, so I opted to ditch the carbs and mow down on the avocado and breast a la carte. The fruit "salad" was just a bowl of honeydew and cantaloupe and one single grape. Maybe I'm wrong, but a salad, to me, consists of a multitude of various fruits and such. That's like saying a lettuce and croutons is a salad. Not to me it ain't.I think my party and I should have headed into the lounge after our meal, since that seems to be all the rage. I'm not sure why we didn't. Perhaps we were clouded in our thinking after such a filling meal. Alcohol is pointless on such a full stomach; it does nothing but further my bloat. Still, this was a blast from the past and well worth our time to check out.
3	pretty decent for brunch, had the maserati omelet, not bad.  $10-14 most plates, BIG shareable portions...
3	This place has the best color scheme in all of Vegas if not the entire west coast. I even think that there is a swatch palette named in honor of them. The food was solid and the portions were more than filling. However I passed on the fourth star because our waitress copped a bad attitude towards us 2/3 of the way through our meal for reasons I still can't figure out. Either way if you're planning on filling up before hitting the strip, or trying to kill a hangover this place is a great way to start/end your time in Vegas!
4	This place has seen some History. It's like taking a trip back in time here in Las Vegas, neon lights,purple plush,flamingos and flower prints.The diner is pretty small with intimate seating and the lounge is out of this world with the fire pit off the bar. Very cool atmosphere.Service was a little slow-I mean they came out for drinks from the bar immediately but it was another 15 minutes before anyone stopped back by since we're NOT drinkers.We ordered sandwiches and an appetizer since we were extremely hungry & didn't wanna wait long for them to re-invent something in the kitchen. I ordered the Gyro plate, the wife had Hot Pastrami n Rye and the boy wanted macaroni & cheese with Fruit!!The food came out quickly, the appetizer was not what I expected but was good nonetheless.(could've used more bread & cherry tomatoes)The Pastrami & potato Salad A+-Huge portion, great pastrami and fresh & tasty potato salad.The gyros were great but the pita was a little dry. The Onion Rings were good but straight out of the freezer NOT handmade.The macaroni & cheese was good, the fruit was fresh.OVERALL: Good Food,OK service and Great Atmosphere. A little pricy($50 for 3 people sandwiches) Nothing gourmet but solid.
3	It's not much better than  Kady's really, but the portions are huge and it's a smidge less greasy.   Don't forget those Las Vegas prices!  The coffee is drinkable, and the waitresses were the usual skimpy outfits, which can kinda suck when the waitress really shouldn't be wearing skimpy outfits.  Oh yeah, and it's got neon lights, to distract you from the fact that it's still not much better than Kady's, which I gave 2 stars.  The portions here are massive, so if you need a good hangover cure after a night of heavy drinking, this will surely fill you up and grease you up.  However, if it is possible to venture out a little further, and wait for a good meal, the nicer hotels tend actually have decent breakfasts, so long as you avoid the buffets.
5	Aaaahhh the Peppermill, our favorite place for cheap eats in Vegas.    We have been here dozens of times and still look forward to going every time we are in town. I have ordered most everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. And the portions are huge so thats a bonus right there. They have fantastic wings and there not way the hell over priced like at the Bellagio cafe.     I love the decor as well, The neon is great, and the tree running all over the place is nice also. My only complaint, the damn booths are for tinny people! Im not a small guy and I have a hell of a time fitting into any of the booths. This is the country with the fat people remember? I think a remodel is in order here.      If you still have not checked out the Peppermill I strongly recommend it. The food and the atmosphere are fantastic. The prices are great as well.
4	This place fuckin' rocks. It is Vegas, gaudy, raunchy, beautiful Vegas in all her glory. It's the kind of place that makes you want to do a Scarface rail off of the tits of whoever is sitting next to you. I mean there is a FIRE PIT in the middle of the space for fucks sake. The waitresses are in Roma stripper gowns. I mean what's there not to like? I mean really.
5	Remember those nights when you were absolutely gone and coming back from a club and needing some type of sustenance? Remember when you would hit up Denny's and wreak havoc on their menus, staff and bathrooms? Well, when you're in Vegas, fuck Denny's. Peppermill is here.I don't know what kind of theme this place is going for. Everything about it screams cum stained strip club from the velvet seats to the neon ceiling lighting. I mean everytime I come here I seriously am anticipating fog to come out of one of the planters and up comes up Trixie the Tranny to start dancing. It's just reaaallly weird to be in this place but it's so exciting! Like I said, the place itself looks like a strip club, but the menus and the theme are completely different. I guess it's just bad marketing ideas for whatever they're trying to pull off.Aside from the decor, the food is fantastic. Big plates of just pure American feast. And if you didn't know already, when you order their omelettes or anything with eggs, they use 10 eggs. Yeah. TEN. The hash browns are perfection. I highly doubt you'll ever finish your food, but if you do, you should enter yourself in an Eating Competition. And when you do finish your food, make sure there's a bathroom nearby that you can destroy. On top of all this, the staff is really nice! Kick ass staff and kick ass food in a kick ass strip club! Kick ass!
4	This is the perfect late night substitute for Denny's or IHOP after an evening of the Vegas life. The portions are enormous and the food tastes good... even sober. I had breakfast, go figure. It was the Peppermill Omelet that consisted of a cholesterol bursting amount of eggs along with hash browns and a blueberry muffin. The omelet was as good as anything at a breakfast place. The muffin was very fresh. I can't tell whether this place is from the Hobbit or a vintage 70's slutty diner. It doesn't matter though because the waitresses fit right in, Vegas style. It's worth going back.
5	Here's another one of my Vegas favorites. A great place for a first date or taking friends from out of town. The ambiance here is simply one of a kind. More neon, mirrors, and red velvet than you can shake a stick at! Oh and the video screens everywhere with cool 80's videos, those are great. If you can, get a seat next to the water feature with flames ripping out of it, it's a little warm but pretty cool. I've never actually eaten in the restaurant but the food in the lounge is pretty tasty. The selection is standard bar fare. The cocktails are not the cheapest in town but they're pretty good, and delivered by sexy ladies. The super sized scorpion is good for a group. Some of my best nights have ended here. Skip the other late night eateries and head straight for the Peppermill!
5	I first found out about the Peppermill in Las Vegas when a friend took me there late at night for a snack.  I knew from the minute I walked in the door that I liked this place!  Funky decor, neon lighting, big fake trees throughout the restaurant, and the wonderful Fireside Lounge.  This has got to be the best diner in Las Vegas, and the setting is unforgettable.In the lounge, the video poker machines at the bar are fun, but the seats around the water feature and fire are the best!  Last time I was in, I saw Brooke (Punkin) from Charm School.  She was having fun with some guys and kept getting approached by fans.  We left her alone.The food is very good, as far as fried stuff and diner food is concerned.  Don't expect a healthy meal here.  The service is quick and friendly and the price is fair.  If you like the Peppermill in Vegas, the good news is that they have an entire casino and resort in Reno under the same name that takes the crazy design to a completely different level.
5	You know those places you always imagine in your head, swanky, slightly tacky, and reeking of all that is the spirit of Vegas....but you can never find. Well, the Peppermill is the stuff Vegas dreams are made of. This IS Vegas. The decor is bright and dramatic with a blatant disregard for subtly, and yet is perfectly muted so that even the worst hang-over would be welcomed by it's glowing neon. We had breakfast. The omelets were huge and fluffy with plenty of toppings. The Oatmeal was well prepared with a nice helping of raisins and banana. My chicken fried steak, which is my go-to dining out breakfast, was absolutely spot on. One of the best I've ever had. All in all, I would highly recommend skipping the buffets and going to the Peppermill instead.
4	The tale of two places... The Peppermill and its Fireside lounge.  The peppermill is a corny "Las Vegas" feelin' ihop-like diner.  Kinda cheesy, decent food.  The Fireside lounge, on the other hand, is where the pimps be. lol.  Its really nice, swanky (I've never used that word but so many other reviewers did so I had too) and dark.  Perfect place to take someone who has NEVER BEEN there before. Many ohs and ah's, The perfect spot for taking a date or a date on the DL.  It was better w/out the tv's everywhere but its still dope. BUT: drinks are expensive (Vegas) and No hats!  Weird, I know... but they always get me on this. I have filmed commercials and tv shows there with full crew and they still make me take my hat off. Damnit.CLIFFNOTES: If you've never been. GO
4	Learned about this place a few years ago on Yelp.  (Thanks everyone!) This was our second time back. Always fun, no matter who you're with. I read somewhere it was voted the best makeout bar in vegas and I can see why.Total 70's vibe, fun and great firepit.  The drinnks are about $9 each, so we decided to share the $18 scorpion, which refreshes 2 people.  Giant straws (and yes, steve really did put them together and move them towards our neighbors beverage - they laughed - we were safe).
3	Continuing my nostalgia tour of Vegas, I ended up at the Peppermill.  This place has not changed its look in about 30 years.  But somehow, it works for them.I remember going to the Peppermill with my folks when I was a little lass.  My pop would always ask for the cocktail waitress so he could "decide if he wanted a cocktail".  He just wanted to stare at her cans!  Well, the cocktail waitresses must be wearing the same black polyester low-cut/high-slit dresses.  My cocktail waitress, Maribel, was cute as a button and well-stacked.  I was wondering what the interview process was like for the cocktail waitress job.  I should have asked, but didn't.  Maybe if I had ordered more drinks....The food is solid.  Breakfast is probably what they do best and is served 24 hours.
5	My love of the Peppermill's Fireside Lounge is true.  If you like the vibe of retro/old school/neon, but real, you will love this place.  The red velvet booths, the sunken flaming fountain, the low ceiling and the tasty cocktails make this a fun night on the seedy end of the strip. Easy walk from the Wynn and the Encore, but a million miles away in cool.Order some kind of vintage cocktail, settle back into the velvet couch and enjoy Vegas of a bygone era.  Cheers!
5	There is no place else to go for breakfast in Vegas, I don't care how many nights I'm there!For those of you who haven't been, it's worth it, but figure a good $22 per person after coffee and juice.
4	We came here to try a scorpion. I love how big the drinks are in Vegas. Shared the drink and it had 3 long straws coming up from it. Cool place with a lounge feel. The theme was reminiscent of Boogie Nights. You know the movie with Mark Whalberg. When we left we bumped into Holly Madison. She is so petite but even more beautiful in person. I will be back to check it out next time I am in town.
4	Love this place...It is where I have breakfast when I visit Vegas....The food is not like the best food I have ever had ...but seriously they never disappoint if you need breakfast or some late night eats...
4	I was there last week for a Trade Show and didn't want to spend a ton of money so I walked over to the Peppermill. It was like the restaurant was stuck in the 70's but I quickly got accustomed to the lights. Since i was by myself and I didn't want to sit at one of the large booths I sat at the counter. The waitress came over quickly with water and the menu and the woman who delivers drinks (holy cow!) came over to ask if I wanted anything from the bar. No draft beer there but a nice cold bottle of Corona. As I watched the dishes passed over from the chefs I couldn't believe how large the portions were. I ordered the Reuben and potato salad and couldn't finish it all. The sandwhich was very good and the potato sald was (not as good as Mom's) but decent. I would def go back there again.
5	AMAZINGAll their drinks are enormous and you can sit by the fire in the dark at 3 in the afternoon. I want to get married here. And then I want to move in.
2	Don't waste your time, unless you like to wait to be seated or a noisy truck-driver cafe type of atmosphere. Too busy ( mid-strip) and slow service. Very expensive and mediocre food. It's just not worth the hassle or the time - forget it. Go north to Denny's (near the Stratosphere)  or to McDonald's across the street and save some bread - and aggravation.
4	It's on the strip, there's plenty of storefront parking and it's open 24 hours.  If you're on a budget and you want good, plentiful food, this is the place for you. There's even a cool bar inside the restaurant so you can have that extra cocktail while you wait for your grub.The menu is huge and I believe you'll find something you'll like, I eye jacked other peoples plates as I walked in and everything looked good.
4	Excellent food and price for anything you want at any time of day. If you want steak at 7:00 am. Or pancakes at 7:00 at night, it's worth the trip.
5	This place is a good time and its old school, it has been seen in many movies like "Casino".  If you want a piece of old Vegas that makes stiff drinks come here!
4	Great menu with lots of variety and backed up with good quality food and service. A great place to stop at any time of the day or night in Sin City.
4	Holy Crap did a pinata explode in this restaurant? As I was walking to Denny's to attempt to eat my way past my hangover, I noticed this place, and from the outside you would think it's a strip club or something because the windows are all tinted, then I noticed a toddler walk out.... hummm? Okay let me go check it out.... First thing when you walk in is you notice the neon lights, the BRIGHT ass flowers and tress... and the maze of the Restaurant. I also scoped out the bar area as I waited to be seated, which surprised me with the 20+ people waiting, we where seated in 10mins...The waitress was very sweet and attentive, they have an extensive menu and specialty drink menu. I am without a doubt returning here again for my next Vegas trip.
4	Mission:  Find an old-school lounge in Vegas.This place intrigued me from the start, but I almost didn't walk inside. I thought it would be in a casino, but from the outside it looks like an old Denny's complete with cheesy writing on the windows. But just ignore all the families waiting for a table as you bypass the restaurant and venture to the lounge for tropical drinks and shenanigans.This is what a 70s pick up bar looks like in my dreams. Jack, Larry, Chrissy and Janet would love it! A dark jungle filled with couches and vines and touches of neon on the ceiling. Servers are lovely ladies in long black dresses slit to the hilt who join you on your lounge when taking your order. If you don't mind being part of the PDA show, sit on a loveseat in the firepit and become mesmerized by the bubbling electric blue liquid. Couples that want a little more privacy, should sit at one of the tables.The majority of their cocktails are fruity tropical drinks and they pour heavy.  My early drinking days were filled with pina coladas and mai tais, but I've since transitioned to elegant cocktails. So it was like handing the reigns back to my early-20s self. I didn't have a care in the world here. They have a few beers, but nothing on tap. Prices are a bargain compared to other lounges on the Strip.I've got to admit that there are a few buzzkills to an otherwise ridiculously awesome Vegas experience. There are TVs everywhere and they play a continuous loop of bizarre music videos and performance pieces. For every bit of Vegas spectacle (Cher) there was something absolutely ridiculous (early Mandy Moore or really late Hall & Oats). About half of the acts couldn't even be identified. It was sort of like watching and listening to a slo-mo hair band audio car crash. The more significant issue was the continual interruption of the speaker announcing that tables were ready in the restaurant. But if you can tune out those distractions, it is a swingingly good time. Mission accomplished!
4	Great food!! Great service!! Don't be offended by the neon lights... It's Vegas Darlin'!!
4	I've been to the Peppermill for breakfast and lunch multiple times now, and have enjoyed this casual place with a menu with something for everyone.    The item I've found myself getting repeatedly is their Cobb Salad......which is huge and delicious.I like the diner type atmosphere as well.   In the past the wait hasn't been too bad, but when we went there for a Sunday lunch around noon the place was packed (45 minute wait?).
4	The Peppermill is hilariously tacky in a sorta 'Classic Vegas' way.  Giant plastic trees, neon colors, the whole 9.The portions are very large, and the food is standard diner fare.  Nothing special, but not terrible.The fireside lounge is pretty badass..  There is a fireplace that basically looks like a giant bubbling sterno.  Or a hot tub with a fire in the middle.  The waitress was extremely friendly, and the atmosphere was relaxing.  There are monitors to watch music videos or sports, depending on where you are glancing.Overall, a nice relaxing way to end a trip to Vegas.
5	Hazel Q said it all in her review!It's a must for us dive bar and Old Vegas nostalgia fans. We got a great booth near the firepit and were engulfed by the pink fluourescent lightiing and fake floral vines snaking in and out of the walls and ceiling. it's awesome. Our main goal was to drink and drink, but we managed to try the appetizer sampler platter and the sliders which were decent for bar food. Our waitress was really cool and always attentive to us - what more could you ask for :) It was an all around good time for us to talk, catch up, and oh yeah, get all too tipsy.
5	Pro: Anna in the Fireside Lounge, the fire pit in the fireside lounge, cool rose decor in the fireside lounge, did i mention Anna? Con: Slightly over price food in the Peppermill Restaurant, crazy lights in the Peppermill, so so food. Went to the Peppermill due to overwhelming good personal recommendations and of course Hazel's review. Not to mention the Rose Bowl was going and we needed a place with big screen to the watch the game. So, Peppermill it is and thank you god for that place. The hostess told us that the Lounge only have starters, so we planned on drinking and watching for a bit with a sampler, then head back to the restaurant for food during half time. We walked into a rose vine covered Lounge with the bar on the right and watery fire pits on the left, flat screen and semi circle couches are all over the place. The lounge server was Anna, a dark hair Romanian beauty that looks like a cross of Rachel McAdams and Lauren Graham but hotter, younger, with longer legs. Yes, I know I shouldn't be reviewing this place based on her, but it is that golden sunset at your Malibu mansion that sets your place apart to other locations. The food and drinks were a flowing, everything worked out with pretty good service. Then we left at half time for food, which just was a bit overpriced but it is very good. Service was prompt and Silviya's suggestion on the omelet are a great one. Milk shake and carrot cake were pretty right on the spot. Overall, if you are in Vegas, go see Anna in the Lounge for business meeting or to chill with friends. Food, you can save more money going to somewhere else, but probably not as good.
4	A week in Vegas, my husband and I went there for two lunches. First, it's because it's easier to find tables. And, it was close to the convention center. Of course, the food was good too!I had the CLUB SANDWICHES for the first time. There was a lot of bacon and ham. The bread was toasted. It was great. And, it came with a lot of fries! The second time, my husband and I shared 22OZ STRAWBERRY MILK SHAKE. It was HUGE and GREAT!!! My husband and I loved it! Also, I ordered CHICKEN FRIED STEAK. That was my first chicken fried steak. It was covered with gravy. It was crunchy and flavorful. The steak was so big that I didn't even touch the eggs. Haha... I like this place. It is a nice little dinner. The decor was very cute. It is a bit off the strip, but it's close enough. I think that it is a great breakfast place with a good price in Vegas. Give it a try!
3	If you want that classic Vegas atmosphere while eating, this place is it.  Cherry blossom trees around the booths, mirrored ceiling, and crazy carpet make the whole experience great.  Food-wise, it's not that bad.  It's typical breakfast food at any diner in Vegas.  Overall, a place to eat when you want that crazy scene while eating your meal.
4	Thankfully Yelp steered us towards this restaurant on the first morning of our trip. It was just a short walk away from the hotel and the crazy bright sign made it clear where we needed to go. All of the reviews stating that the decor is crazy, are so true! Mirrored ceiling tiles, pink and blue lighting, fake flowers, and flamingo lamps! Wow. Hello vegas. I've missed you.The breakfast menu was extensive and the feta cheese and vegetable omlette caught my eye. Artchokes at a restaurant that looks like a strip club? Yes please!! I saw they had a meal with turkey sausage but it wasn't listed on the 'Sides' menu. Plus a side of meat was $5 and so that wouldn't have won anyways. The boyfriend got a ham and cheese omlette and about 15 minutes later, two giant plates arrived before us. Each omlette must have been made with at least 5 eggs and there were about 2 potatoes worth of hashbrowns. My omlette was delicious and there were tons of vegetables and some provolone cheese melted in the centre, with feta on top. We both managed to take half of our meals to go and they fully fed us the next morning too. For $12 per meal, that's an awesome deal.I would have to say that the perfect ending to our meal was a party of 3 who came and sat across from us. Not only did one member have a giant 1L bottle of watter with him, but he also put on his sunglasses 5 minutes after they arrived. A hangover at its best! But what's with the coloured sugar??
4	After reading several bad reviews for breakfast at this restaurant I decided to avoid it and try dinner instead. I ate on two separate nights and enjoyed good food and service each time. Everything was reasonably priced and the menu was fairly diverse. If you're looking for a good meal at a decent price I'd reccomend it.
5	I freaking LOVE this place!  All the times I would go to Vegas and drive by, I would think--I  want to go there because it looked so funny.  Anyways, last February is the first time I went to the Peppermill with my then fiance--but now turned hubby.  :)  He said this place is linked to a chain in NorCal and Tahoe?  Anyways...it was pure bliss.  Much better than most food at the hotels.  I had the buffalo chicken wrap.  It was amazing!  My husband had the patty melt and it was delish!  The portions are huge...great leftovers when you wake up all cruda the next morning!  Plus they are open 24 hours...so you can go in all drunk, lol!  Anyways, this place is awesome and funky.  they have red white and blue sugar granules that you can even buy!The lounge is awesome and they have these cocktail servers that roam the restaurant in these funky black dressses and the servers in the restaurant wear funky polyester uniforms...pretty funny.  I loved the fireside lounge too!  So funny!  good crowd!  I love places like these! :)
4	Atmosphere 5 stars - Food 3 or right under 3Imagine an episode of Miami Vice or Charlies Angels where the characters go into a neon lit restaurant (yeah, pink and blue neon winds itself inside the restaurant) with no wood bon fires and multiple TV's playing videos of random retro songs.  Peppermill is worth getting a coffee or drink here if you're in the area.  It's scenic, although it's soul may be hidden underneath the polyster white cushions like a hushed Italian tone.
5	Awesomely neon restaurant with great (albeit a little overpriced) diner-style food and an "old Vegas" feel.  When meeting out-of-towners for breakfast or lunch on the Strip area, I try to take them here for the experience.  Standard breakfast fare is consistently good and so are the reuben and french fries.  Have a drink in the Fireside Lounge if you have time, or at least poke your head inside - it's trippy.
4	Who doesn't like a throwback to the mirrored ceiling/neon lit days of old Vegas??  This place is AWESOME!  From the huge breakfast portions, to the breakfast bloody marys, to the waitresses (I swear ours was a stripper at nite!).  The BEST part of this place, the fireside lounge!  Straight out of an '70s porn set/ night club scene!  I LOVE IT!!!The food was pretty good, country fried steak & eggs, how can you go wrong?  And how would you know if it was wrong because its smothered in yummy gravy!  The corned beef hash was pretty good, nice and salty.  The one flop of the meal was someone's peppermill omelet.  Otherwise, the steak and eggs were good, as were the pancakes.  Another goodie was the Bloody Mary that was brought out by the drink hostess in a long black evening dress @ 10AM.  FUN!All in all a fun experience!
2	On the drive back to LA from Park City, we decide to dine in Vegas and amongst total disagreement over where to eat, Peppermill comes highly recommended to us by one of the girls who had gone rather recently. After rumors circulated in the car that Holly from Girls Next Door dines there often, I assumed it was in the Planet Hollywood or another reputable hotel. Not the case. It is a completely random single-floor standalone restaurant dwarfed on both sides by megacasinos. They did have a private surface parking lot out front though which was convenient. My spirits began to rise again when I saw the interior - a lushly decorated 1980s bonanza of neon lights and big plastic trees...very disorienting, very stimulating, very Vegas. We got a nice big booth by the window and were only temporarily bothered by screaming children. The menu is extremely long and not in a good way. Not only does everything look atherosclerosis-inducing, it's not the guilty pleasure kind of bad food. Also, the alcohol menu is just a jumbled mix of everything - beer alongside cocktails alongside wine, with no explanations. I ordered a Salty Dog thinking it was a beer label I recognized and was rather disappointed to find that it was a vodka-pineapple. My pesto burger was weird but pretty good. To top it all off, they wouldn't let us split the bill, so we endured a long confusing argument with the cashier over how to pay. One star for decor, one for the pesto burger. 'Nuff said.
3	Used to like this place for the "old school Vegas" feel and yummy greasy diner grub.  And I guess I still do, but I was really bummed when I ordered a $9.50 margarita and got what tasted like a leftover margarita.  You know like when you make a margarita and have some leftover in the shaker and all the ice melts and then you drink it sometimes against your better judgement...oh sorry.  Yeah, I know what a bad margarita tastes like and I know at almost  $10 a pop that shit better taste good.  So I was really pissed when the server wouldn't take the drink back.  She said that's why they suggest the 50 cent upgrade when they take your order.  I'm sorry, shouldn't a $9 margarita taste pretty good to begin with?  I asked her if i decided to upgrade would the bartender just pour the shot on top of my already crappy margarita and she said YES!!!  At this point,(when i thought I wouldn't be getting my money back) I said sure throw some more tequila(and possible spit from the bartender) on my shitty drink.  The drink comes back and Quel Surprise! still shit!  Fuming inside, i thought I'd try my luck with the manager.  She explained that it is their policy not to return drinks and that's how it is at most places on the strip, but she was kind enough(and seeing that i had barely touched the drink) to take the drink off the bill.  I don't want to write off the Peppermill because it is fun and kitschy.  I just know that i won't order  a margarita there.
4	I ordered the CFS and my husband got the Southwest Chicken Salad. Our waitress ended her shift and didn't put our order in so we waited a long time for our meal. I loved the CFS but everything was cooked in an oil that I didn't really like the after taste of. But smothered in gravy and didn't notice it on the CFS. My husband salad was very much lacking. It had very nice tortilla pieces in the center but they were so stale they weren't very edible. There really wasn't enough beans or avocado to really make this a southwestern. The chicken was cooked very well, very juicy. But overall not worth the price. Luckily we got 25% off for the wait. We went to the Fireside Lounge and this visit was totally redeemed. It was early on Tuesday and plenty of seating available. We got a nice little corner in front of the fire pit. Gorgeous! We ordered the Scorpion and it was Delicious! Well worth $18. It's a great romantic environment. I will be returning whenever we have family in town.
5	Fuck man, I love it here!  This is old Las Vegas at it's best.  I have never been in here when it's dead, there's always people traipsing in and out for their delicious breakfasts.  Plus, when you get there you're probably loaded.  So deciding to have breakfast in a place that looks like a strip club is an experience to be had.  Last time I was in Vegas, I stopped here for breakfast the second I got into town and was not disappointed.  I am not sure what anyone else got, but I also didn't care--I got their biscuit breakfast and it was awesome!  My time there was cut short cause my brother and sister got into a cab with a man that took them 15 miles out of Las Vegas and they needed to be rescued.  Of course, I made them wait to get picked up until I was done eating!
4	Campy, old-school Vegas!The restaurant is fine; sort of an up-scale Denny's. The real reason to go is the Fireside Lounge.Try to get a seat in the fire-pit (it only seats 8)Order a Scorpion Bowl and an appetizer plate, and take a step back in time. Food is average, drinks are good, but it's all about the ambience - and frankly, it's one of the cheapest decent eateries on the Strip.
5	Now you're in Vegas, having a great time, partying, taken in the sights, and shows etc... This place is to chill when you want to get away from the craziness of the Strip... This is also a place to take your date and chill with a drink after doing the shopping at the mall... The fireside lounge was quite nice... Drinks were resonable (hell you're in Vegas) We went back there the next morning for breakfast, even though there was a waiting time to eat, the food was not bad at all.. In fact, when you order a mimosa... You get a giant glass of mimosa!! :)And again, the intimate atmosphere in the fireside lounge was absolutly perfect.. I mean you can actually have a real one on one date, share your favorite drink togehter, and actually tell yourself "thank god I got away to Vegas"  :)I can HIGHLY recommend this place... A place to chill and relax from the craziness Vegas has to offer... Which is not a bad thing, but we all do need to recharge the batteries before going back onto the Strip!!  :)
5	hmmmmmm hmmmmmmmmmmthis place is always packed.so either accept the 30 min wait time or leave!clean bathroom.pay-for-internet kiosk..little tv sized gambling monitors.nice staff.open kitchen.now i wouldnt necessarily call the decor vintage as in 1940s art deco, but yes, it is vintage vegas kitsch.comfy spacious booths.good coffee in big mugs (thank god)& even though its not sugar free.... they have...COFFEE MATE vanilla creamer!!!full bar available..eggs benedict & potatoes around $10french toast under $10(yes i ordered both. but i gave my taters to my bf)i kinda sampled a bit here & there from everyone at our table, & everything was delish.definitely coming here next vegas trip.oh, this is at the north end of the strip. theres a Ross next door in case you forgot to pack your strapless bra..we walked from the hilton over here w/o complaining
4	We've been told "You have to eat at the Peppermill!" So we finally did. Seemed pretty legendary and who doesn't love diner food?During our 30min wait we hung out at the Fireside Lounge. Man that place is awesome - I felt like I was signed up for a lapdance w/all that fluorescent lighting, fake plants, plush seating and scantily clad waitresses.We were finally seated amongst all the hungover frat guys and huge families who took over the place. Our waitress was very nice but the overall service was sloooooow. Our food finally came and we devoured our bacon, sausage, eggs, toast, english muffin and hashbrowns. I was almost angry at how good it was and how it was going to end soon if I kept eating. We got out of the place after about 2hrs - an amount of time unheard of from us, again I'm blaming how busy the place was and slow service.Anyway, the Peppermill was a great place for taking your time, eating yummy diner food, people-watching and chilling - all without having to inhale cigarette smoke.
3	Mirrored ceilings, artificial trees "in bloom", Tiffany style lamps with pink flamingos, and artificial plants everywhere else... oh my, this is gonna be interesting was my first thought after walking into the restaurant.  After being seated at my table, I'm asked if I would like something from the bar. Hummm. It's 5pm somewhere, but in Vegas ist 9am... Oh wait, clocks don't work very well here in the desert... Bring me an Irish coffee!!The omelette was very, very big... too big for me to finish.  Full of flavor including the home made breakfast potatoes.  The service was quite prompts, even when a friend stopped in to join me at the last minute.   My tummy was very content after leaving and hitting the shops later.  This is on the strip, but not in the popular area.  For us, it was a good choice being fairly close to the Stratosphere.  Price wise, its not a steal of a deal, but it was good and very filling... worthy of another visit when Im in town.
4	I heart this place and had to stop here Monday before we left for lunch..they have great staff and good food at a great place.. best part the firefly lounge is attached to the Peppermill. So good food, followed with great cocktails.
5	I can't believe that once you leave the very family styled eatery of the Peppermill you pass the double doors and you enter a lounge that all that is missing is the strippers.. We spent 3 hours here catching up with my little brother, enjoying the cocktails and watching the couple behind us get to 3rd base, each seating area is secluded so there is alot of privacy. I will be returning again.
4	Excellent place to grab a bite!  I got an omelet which looked to have about 10 eggs worth in it (see my pic).  A huge side of hash browns, and toast.  Yeah, so it's a little expensive (mine was about $12) - but the portions are HUGE.  You get both quality and quantity.  And with all the neon lights and cool vibe, you'll feel like you should be in a Tarantino movie.
5	Tired of trendy 'hip' lounges?  This feels like a theme of mine.  Yeah I like old school low-pretense spots where you don't go to be looked at but rather to be your sneaky self.  Of course if you sit right at the fireside portion of the Fireside Lounge, it's hard not to be seen since you sit in a circle and are illuminated by flames - but that's freaking cool!Anyhow, this place is pretty sweet.  The perfect escape from the main strip scene and it's definitely my go-to spot on the north side just past Wynn/Encore.
5	I love the Peppermill from their retro chic Vegas decor to the friendly waitresses. My grandparents loved this place and I can see why - it's a refreshing change from the buffet lines. The coffee aroma fills the restaurant and unlike an unmentioned coffee house the coffee awakens the soul. The breakfast is abundant and tastes like your grandma would make (at least for those of us with grandmas that can cook).As you can tell I'm a sucker for this place.
5	Great place for a drink, especially on a cold night! Cozy bar area, but has a decent dining area as well. Love it here!
4	We stopped in the restaurant before heading over to the lounge. The food was decent and the portions are huge. The lounge is where its at though. We had the scorpion, and despite the 1 bad review where a girl claims she had to leave after a few sips, we thought it was tasty. Its just like any other fruity fishbowl drink. The decor what amusing... My boyfriend and I love dives, and this place hit the spot. It was a well needed break after 5 days on the strip.
3	This is a good place if you're looking for the " a little better than IHOP " place on the strip. I went there on a weekend with my husband, and we had to wait about 35 minutes around 11am. There were a lot of tourists there so the wait wasn't too bad. Although I was starving...My husband and I shared french toast, eggs, bacon, sausage, and potatoes. I thought the french toast was okay, but my husband loved it. Everything else was pretty good. The coffee was really strong, but I love strong coffee. The atmosphere is definitely interesting. The service was pretty good. Our waitress was very friendly and pretty attentive. I would go there again, but it's a 20 minute drive from where I live, and I like sticking closer to home. If you're on the strip visiting, I would recommend it for an early morning after party place. There seemed to be quite a bit of people there that looked like they had a rough night.
2	This place is nice with the las vegas flair and little money.The food is good and the staff very nice, it can use some improvement in the kitchen area, because never the less people go there to eat. I ordered cornbeef hash crispy (WELL DONE) and it came out in a deep dish like baby poo with tomato and cucumber. That's wrong. maybe the cook had a bad day. I will go back because my family really likes the place
2	It was a interesting place. It had a unusual decor for a 24 hour restaurant. It was dark and they used a lot purple and blue colored lights.  I went there for breakfast. I had the San Francisco Joe's Special, which consisted of scrambled eggs, meat, and cheese sauce on top of two baked potato skin. It was well made and tasty. It arrived very quickly.However, it did took a little while for me to be served or noticed by the waitstaff. Moreover, they were very slow in clearing the table.  They just did not feel like clearing the tables after the previous customers left.  Even though the restaurant had few customers, there were only a  few good places to sit down.  I was not that impressed with the customer service. I recieved better customer service from a typical Denny's.
5	The Peppermill is Great for Families.There aren't many places on the Strip my wife and I like to bring the kids, but The Peppermill is one place my wife and I like to bring the family for lunch that serves up great diner fare and tremendously big portions of classic Vegas ambiance.(A note here about the Fireside Lounge. It's awesome, and if you're looking for a weird place for a drink that isn't in a casino, it's really a must-visit. Fire pits and scorpion bowls. Awesome. But keep in mind, adults only.)The Peppermill is a restaurant of all booths, and other than high-chairs and the chairs along the counter, there isn't a single free-standing chair in the whole place. Vegas is all about making everyone feel special, and as everyone loves a booth, everyone gets one. And like I mentioned, they do provide the standard restaurant high-chairs that pull up to the end of the booth. All the tables are normal table height, so there's no problem accommodating very young eaters.The menu is similar to the best of NYC diners. Namely, there's almost anything on it, from eggs to fried chicken to steak to pancakes. As for the kids menu, it's small and very basic. There are chicken fingers, mac and cheese with fruit, grilled cheese, bacon and eggs, french toast and the very awesome pancake face. The prices are very reasonable (all the kids menu items are either $5.95 or $6.95) and if your child is older or more adventurous they can of course order from the complete adult menu. And don't forget, you're in Vegas so The Peppermill is open 24 hours, 7 days a week including all holidays. As for the service, here in Las Vegas we have pretty high standards, and in the seven years I've been going there I've never had anything but an outstanding waitress who has been super friendly to my kids.The Peppermill is the perfect combination of good food and outstanding Vegas kitsch.
4	Went here to try out "The Scorpion" the big drink they serve out of that fishbowl glass. It cost $18. It was ok, nothing absolutely amazing, but it should be tried. Also got the Buffalo Wings they were like $10.95, they are pretty good.Got the Brushetta for $8.95, it was really good. The interior of the fireside lounge is pretty dark. Our service was reasonable and fast enough. We got our bill quickly and had an enjoyable time.
3	We came here after our wedding at the Chapel of the Bells with our handful of friends. We had a terrible waitress at first, she was very rude. But my best friend, the awesome dude that he is, went up to the hostess and said " I suggested this place for my friends who just got married. can we try again on the waitress?" they did, and the second one was awesome. she was from bulgaria ( it seems that a lot of people that work there are eastern european, which i thought was awesome) We had some champagne, which was good and not overpriced. the food was decent-good, the portions are huge, which was too much for me, and the vibe is very diner-vegas like, which was kind of cool. It got 3 stars for not giving us issues with the waitress change, and the food was alright.
5	I've been coming to the Peppermill for over 10 years and its always good everytime... when you go inside it's lit up almost like you're in a strip club! LOL!  The service is great and so is the food!  I l love thier pastrami with the curly fries!  Moderate pricing... great quality and quantity and it always hits the spot!
3	I came here a couple weeks ago with my boyfriend for late night dinner after driving from CA.After reading the reviews and looking at all the pictures I guess I kinda expected to eat around some sort of fire, but I was wrong. The fire is actually in the lounge area which I couldn't go into since I'm not 21. We were seated in the restaurant area which was decorated with lots of plants and flower decor with blue and pink lighting. I expected it to be very blue and pink, but a lot darker, so this was way brighter than I expected. I ordered the Conquest Sandwich and coffee and my boyfriend ordered a burger with mushrooms ( I dont remember the name). The coffee was HUGE, probably as big as a regular soda cup. It was pretty cool for pictures, but since it was so big, by the time I got halfway the coffee would already be cold. The mushroom burger came first. It came with a bunch of fries and a side of ranch. The fries was pretty especially with the ranch which was very light, not like most other places with thick fatty ranch.  The burger LOOKED delicious , but it was so soggy and soaked in juices from the sauces and meat that it just fell apart once my boyfriend picked it up. He couldn't even eat the buns anymore because it was just completely soggy, so he just ate the contents of the burger with a knife and fork.  The Conquest was pretty good from what I recall. I finished my whole half of the sandwich which me and my boyfriend split. It wasn't as fantastic as I expected from the description on the menu, but it was good. It didn't come with any sides at all, so it was just the sandwich. The portions we got weren't worth the price of the food. I expected more for what I paid, especially after reading these reviews. I also expected the food to be a lot better because, yet again, the great reviews. The service was alright though. The waitress would check up on us here and there to fill the coffee and water. She'd also check to make sure we had everything we needed. We probably won't come back here again. At least not until I'm 21 and can check out the lounge :P
5	Walking distance from Circus Circus, open 24/7, and awesome food in portions that can satisfy your fattest friends. We found Peppermill by asking one of the security guards in the Circus Circus casino where we can eat at 1:30 in the morning, and he recommended this place. I halfway expected to see strippers inside, sort of like the breakfast/brunch bars in Portland. (the building is lit with blue neon) Instead, we got a really cool restaurant where the servers were friendly, and moderately dressed, by Vegas standards at least. We were seated promptly, and within five minutes, our food orders were taken, our bar orders were fulfilled by a different waitress/bar girl, and our sodas and waters were refilled. I swear, I think we were helped by at least six different people, and usually at this time of night, most places are running on skeleton crews. I ordered the ribs, which were amazing, and my friends got the alfredo, corned beef meal and steak, all of which looked flippin delicious. And the level of service was FANTASTIC, especially when you consider what we spent, and the time of night. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
5	Great Place really great staff definitely worthy of having 5 stars. We had our Wedding Reception Here April 1st, and the Management was so helpful I recommend it to any one looking to have a reception or celebrate anything. Food is Good and Drinks are not terribly expensive like at the casinos. I am definitely going back when I go back to Vegas!
5	First I'd like to say the portions are huge... Food taste pretty good.... the decor was a little tacky... but overall it was good... Service was fast and our waitress was great... Got there around 9:30 and only had a 5 min wait.  But when we left people were lined out the door and there was barely any parking.. glad we went there based on yelpers!
4	Went to the fireside lounge on a Saturday night. Relaxed, friendly no-nonsense bartender, good drinks. Would definitely go back!!
4	The Peppermill is a favorite of both locals & tourists.  The atmosphere and decor is a throwback to the Vegas of the 70's-80's.  One of the highlights of the property is the fireside lounge, which features an open fire pit that people can hang around.  The bright purple & blue neon flashes you back to the hey day of Vegas.Food - They offer a wide variety of dishes from Breakfast to Dinner.  Since I started working very close to the Peppermill, I will be here often for lunch.  Today I decided to give the Chicken Pesto sandwich a try.  It was very tasty and the serving was huge.  A nice sized portion of fries comes with the dish.Service - Most of the time, they are very busy and you'll have to wait a little while for a table.  However, they crank out the orders and you get served in decent time.  It's hit or miss though as sometime you'll wait a while if they're really slammed.I gave this place 4 Stars because I've been a fan of it since I moved here in '93.  I will always return as long as they keep their atmosphere, food, and service the same.  Almost gave it 5 Stars, but the only thing that held me back was the hit or miss on the service levels.
4	This is one of my favorite spots on the strip that's open 24/7. No nonsense, no frills, just old school Las Vegas charm. Good food, good  drinks, and good service. If you come here for Sunday breakfast or brunch... be prepared for a super long wait.  Except for the the lounge/bar area and late nights, this is generally a good family spot too. I've seen a few celebs at this low key spot on several occasions too. Holly Madsen of The Girls Next Door and Peepshow frequents this place!
4	Good place for a family.  Nothing really amazingly exciting about it except that they serve breakfast all day.Also, if you're a vegetarian, prepare to have a garden vegetable omelette regardless of the hour you choose to visit this restaurant.  This is really the reason for the lower stars - when oh when will restaurants to learn to cater to vegetarians?
5	This stand alone restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip is serving some of the best breakfast food I've ever tasted.  The omelette's are unbelievably delicious and huge.  The western fruit plate is big enough to feed the entire table.  My favorite breakfast is a tie between the Masserati omelette and Joe's San Francisco Breakfast Special.  The  Pork Sliders are also perfect and so are the huge Bloody Marys.  If you have to wait for a table (and even if you don't), you should have a pre-meal Bloody Mary or Mimosa in the Fireside Lounge.   The service is great and everyone is very friendly.  This is my favorite breakfast restaurant in Vegas.  Also my favorite breakfast Bloody Mary and Mimosa (fresh squeezed orange juice).
4	One of my favorite photos is of a group of my very closest friends wearing wigs and sharing cauldron of alcohol at a booth in the Fireside Lounge. It was the night before my wedding. Our props were impressive--a set of hillbilly teeth fabricated by my friend's orthodontic stepdad, bolas, dreds and curly blond wigs. These luxurious party materials, and the classic Vegas setting of Fireside lounge, set the stage for a full evening of bacchanalia that (we thought) would leave us too tired to party like rock stars the following evening for the main event. If anything, it fueled the fire.I go to Fireside lounge to enjoy its big red booths and to sit and mingle. Many a fun nights start or finish at this strip location. The free nuts can partially undo a spontaneous alcohol binge. Unfortunately Fireside installed TVs in all the booths a few years ago, which diminishes its classic and intimate appeal. Why turn the fireside lounge into a showcase for music videos? That's why I can't give it five stars. Still, Fireside is a must-see Vegas attraction.
5	This is by far one of the strangest food joints I've been to. You can wait in the 'lounge' and have a drink and a smoke by the 'water firepits'? You have to take off your hat, but that's cool.  This place was anything but classy, but ya know what...I felt comfortable as hell.The food and bloody mary was great. The service was good. Best breakfast on the strip...HANDS DOWN!
4	Ive been coming to the Peppermill since I was at UNLV and never tried to the food. After getting a strong recommendation from one of the yelp homies I sat down and ate.... so delish! Waitresses all give A-1 service whether they're serving you or not. I mean, I was kinda impressed. What's even cooler is that the have a little lounge on the other side. I played video blackjack and my drinks were free all night! kinda a couples spot, but a ok time none the less. It lost a point because prices were kinda high. I mean they werent super expensive but more on the expensive side of things. Plates were 15-20.
3	Wow, I really haven't written a review about this joint yet?  I'm pretty surprised.This place surprises me.. so unassuming on the outside, you can literally drive past it a thousand times and not notice it's there.. inside it looks like old school, tacky vegas threw up in here.  Vintage plastic colorful booths, neon lights trace the ceilings, faux trees coming out of the booths... wow.  There's also a fireside lounge which is all the rage, but I normally stumble into this joint on my very last hours of Vegas, tired, drained and out of cash, so I never have the time to check out the fireside lounge.This place is known for their large 24 hour portions of breakfast.  They also serve lunch and dinner though.There's an entire page of omelets.  Not a fan of the seafood omelet consisting mostly of fake seafood product and tasting slightly fishy.  I had better luck this time around w/the Maserati omelet filled w/jack and cheddar cheeses, mushrooms and smothered in italian meat sauce.  Very hearty, but def could've used more meat smotherin' since its a massive fluffy omelet. It's almost like a wall/brick of egg, so u need a lot of extras for all that egg.  I can't imagine how many eggs it takes to make one order.  All come w/hashbrowns, and your choice of either toast, or english muffin, or bagel or fresh blue berry muffin.  That's a lot of freakin' food!!! You can also order some alcoholic bevs from the alcoholic waitress (heh) I had a mimosa given to me in a sangria glass.  Not very stiff, but still enjoyable w/my meal.Honestly, I'm never really the biggest fan of diners.. so if it weren't for my bf's tradition of ending vegas trips here, I probably wouldn't have come back a second time.... but w/its unique environment, nostalgia, heaping portions of food, so so prices, i can see how it would be considered a good diner.
4	Ummm I totally kind of dig this place. And all hail my new Vegas Yelper friend Kieth A. for pointing me in the direction of the Peppermill. If I lived in Vegas I would be here probably too much for their larger than life plates, cheesy- tacky yet cool Paradise style Vegas decor and for the convenience of great service 24hrs a day. After the Yelpeasy party I was quite starving so we made a pit stop to the Peppermill for some late night grub. I was craving breakfast and I had a huge selection to choose from. After much convincing from our server Nick (who was quite awesome btw) I went for the Maserati Omelet. Filled with mozzarella cheese and sauteed mushrooms and then topped with an Italian sausage marinara sauce. This is totally not the type of thing I would order but I am so glad I did as it was pretty stellar. Our bfast portions were beyond huge. I think it was advertised as a 3 egg omelet but there had to be at least 5 eggs or they get their eggs from pretty large chickens if not. Nick was our server and he was great! Service was great all around from the hostess, to the guy who took our drink order and to the cocktail server. Will totally return here next time in Vegas and needed some late night Vegasy eats.
4	Had breakfast today with some friends.  We sat in Crystal's section.  She's a great server....she was very attentive and ensures that you're well taken care of.  It was a business breakfast, so she allowed us private time to handle business and when we were ready for food, she came by to take our order.I ordered the Belgian Waffles this morning.  The waffle was very good....not under/over cooked like I experience at some restaurants.My favorite part about this place is that it's a throwback....not only in decor, but in service.  Everyone there is friendly and works hard to ensure your meal goes well.Will I return?  You bet!
4	This place is a cool spot to impress your friends. Whether you come to eat or come to drink. The decor is like stepping into a club. The service is classic diner style, very good. Now the food, it wasn't all that but everything else makes up for it. Bring your friends or your significant other for a romantic evening.
4	great great brunch/dinerwhat i had:- country fried steak + eggs w/biscuit + gravy: uhm... pretty perfect. i loved the crunch of the steak. hashed browns were perfect - hot and fluffy with plenty of crunch! eggs were... you know, eggs. nothing amazing, but nothing to complain about. biscuit was fluffy, flaky and light! amazing smothered with the country gravy- bloody mary: they do it right! spicy, flavorful, i had this at the fireside lounge before we got our table and nearly drank the entire thing. its like a freaking meal in a cup!for two breakfast entres and two coffees it came out to about $45 (doesnt include the bloody mary) with tip... so, not as cheap as dennys, but i think it was worth every penny.pros:- food! well... i cant really speak for anything other than what i ate and drank... but it looks like they do breakfast foods great. the menu looked extensive! i had to limit how much i could look at because if i looked at anything i wouldnt be able to order- service: pretty good. jennifer was cheerful and had a great attitude. she wasnt always the most attentive, but i went in at the end of father's day brunch, so everyone looked swamped. but despite being busy, she always remained positive and happy- location: right on the strip towards the north end, its a great 24 hour place that serves great foodcons:- decor: ... honestly, i went back and forth because i wasnt sure if this was a pro or con for this place. yes its damn cheesy and outdated and wacky. i cant imagine a time when the decor or the servers' outfits would have been fashionable... but, it kind of works with the feel of it. the fireside lounge is pretty cheesy too. it seems straight out of the seventies but... it makes this place memorable! id prefer the blatant outmoded fashion and decor then a place that just tries too hard to look modern and ends up looking commercial (think the wynn decor... yuck!)- part of the decor i guess, but this place was freaking dark. maybe just part of the ambiance, but weird to eat your breakfast in such a dark placeanyways, despite the cheesy outdated decor (think dennys + disco + lots of dark purple stuff), would i go back again? YES! why? the food was amazing. i love breakfast places. so instead of spending big bucks at a brunch buffet, why not just get it right at the peppermill?
5	Peppermill, how I wish there was one of you here in San Francisco after a drunken night. Thats ok, it's just one more thing I can look forward to when visiting Las Vegas. I love everything about Peppermill. The decor transports me to a magical tacky fairy forest. Perfect when you are drunk and looking for good eats. The waitresses are decked out in equally tacky but booty gazing outfits. Love it. They have plenty of personality too and you have to if you are wearing that fit. The food portions are huge so dont order multiple plates. If you are going with your significant other give the fireside lounge a try. Its really romantic sitting next to the fire with neon lights all around you sipping on a huge and delicious drink. They are open 24/7 so even if your late night turns into an early morning which tends to happen in Vegas stop in. Its not too far from all the major hotels and all the taxi drivers know whats up.
4	This review is only for the bar and lounge area. The Lounge is really nice with a fireplace and LCDs all around it. I can see myself hanging out here. Really cool looking place.They have a lot of martinis. I glanced at the menu and it looks pretty promising. They have gaming on the bars. As soon as I have a meal here, I will make sure to write a review.
4	This place is awesome just for the decor. Sure, it's cheesy and dated but honestly, after all the ostentatious marble and gilt-covered surfaces of places like the Bellagio and Caesar's, it's a nice change. It's dark and funky and relatively quiet after being in noisy casinos all day. We came here for a late night snack so I can't comment on the full dinner experience but what I had was good (not great, but good) and hit the spot. Our waitress was attentive but not overly so and kept the refills coming in a timely fashion.It wasn't too busy the night we stopped in and we almost had the place to ourselves which makes me think we may have missed out on the full Peppermill experience. Ah well, there are plenty of other opportunities to run into crazy people while in Vegas.
4	+Our waitress was one of the best I've ever had.+The nachos were crazy huge. If we went back, we'd skip our entrees and just order the nachos.+The Conquest was delicious. I only ate half the sandwich and two of my onion rings. +We were staying at Encore, so it provided a super cheap alternative to anything sold in our hotel.-I feel like the prices would be out of control anywhere else, but since this is Vegas, slightly overpriced seems cheap.-Trying to sell us pictures of ourselves at our table was just...weird and tacky.
3	Decor: Neon lights made me feel like I was dining in a disco bar. I had great memories of the muffins and the Rueben at peppermill that I had to come back. We arrived around 11 and were seated right away. This lady jacked us for $10 saying she would give us a free postcard photo. The photo on the postcard was hella small, so we had to buy the bigger version for $10. Mom and I split a Rueben (salty and too much bread) and bran muffins which were most excellent. Dad said the egg Benedict sucked, and bf said his omelette was really heavy and just ok. Maybe I will just picked up some muffins to go next time. By the time we left there was a line out the door!
5	Great wait staff. They were quite attentive  Food was very good. Two can share a breakfast. You get lots of food. Will definitely go back on my next visit.
1	A friend recommended we try this place while in vegas and since it's open 24 hr and was right in front of our hotel we gave it a try. It was a Monday night at 1:30am. The decor looked like Prince threw up all over the restaurant. Very cheesy n tacky not to mention old. We had 4 diff ppl ask if we wanted drinks. The hostess asked even before we could look at the menu. After we receive our drinks she tells us the credit card machine is broken and to pay w cash. Ummm probably shouldve told us that before. But good thing I had cash which I usually don't. Food: how can u mess up chicken fingers and a house salad? For the prices they were charging for cafeteria food i expected them to get something right. Besides taking forever to get our food. The lettuce in the salad was browning. And the ranch was running like it had been diluted with water. I don't know if u could call it a salad because it was just iceberg lettuce and croutons for 5.95. The chicken fingers were so hArd they felt like biting into a brick. And their BBQ sauce tasted like hotsauce and ketchup. I'm not digging the hooker attire of the staff either. I will most definitely stick to the restaurants at the hotels.
4	Kitschy, but in a good way.  This place has almost come full circle to being genuinely cool again.  Almost.  The food & service were decent, and prices were very un-Vegas like.  I would call the dining room & the bar a definite value.Tip: we used The Peppermill as a taxi destination, had dinner in the dining room & drinks in the bar, then casino-hopped down to the Stratosphere, before cabbing it back to the strip.  Made for a fun evening.
4	I just sat down to write this review and over to the right is a review by our own Yelp Ambassador, Hazel Q.  She opens with a line that really describes it perfectly."If you wanna feel like Sharon Stone in 'Casino' circa 1975, then put on that sparkly silver dress and get your ass to the Fireside Lounge."Well, I did wanna feel like Sharon Stone in "Casino" and just so happened to be dawning my fanciest silver dress, so Peppermill seemed like the place to go.  Umm...maybe that was too much information...This place is definitely a 70's disco hall converted into restaurant.  With neon pink lights and plenty of mirrors all around, you walk in wondering if you might be seeing some platforms and bell bottoms with the Bee Gees performing on a stage somewhere.  Unfortunately, there were none of those things to be found.  However, what they do have is pretty good food at very generous portions.Unluckily for me, I was starting to become more and more hung over by the second by this point in the afternoon but I felt it would probably be a good idea to get something in my stomach.  Being 4:00 in the afternoon I decided that breakfast would probably be the best call so I ordered up what ended up being I gigantic plate of eggs, potatoes, sausage, and other vegetables.  I tried in vain to gobble this down but I was definitely feeling nauseous by this point.  Yet, despite my throbbing head and queasy stomach, I still thought that the breakfast was pretty damn good.  I'll definitely be coming back here my next trip to Vegas.  Hopefully I'll be less hung over next time.
4	What makes The Peppermill unique are there cozy recessed firepit seating areas. Perfect for snuggling while you enjoy your cocktail. They seat about 5 couples, so it's also a nice way to get to know other couples. The drinks were good and the staff friendly. If they allow smoking, I didn't smell it - which is a plus in Las Vegas.
3	After seeing this place on a show featuring cheap eats in Vegas, we made a point of checking  it out.  It's in a non-descript mini-mall on the strip, that if you blink, you'll pass it.  Once inside, you definitely feel like you're creating a memory not soon forgotten.  Neon lights and indoor fake trees aren't something you find everywhere.  The menu is vast and there's something for everyone.  Here's the thing...PORTIONS ARE HUGE!!!.  I ordered the Denver omlette.  When it arrived, I couldn't believe my eyes.  I asked the server how many eggs they put in it, she told me 8-10!  I use that many eggs to feed my family of 4  at a typical breakfast!  The food was good, but nothing extrordinary.  At a table adjacent to ours, we saw them deliver a fruit salad...it included an whole pineapple.  This is definitely the place to come if you are really hungry.  The disappointing thing was that the food wasn't that cheap.  Lunch for four of us was about $80.  Could have had an all-you-can eat buffet for that price.  Service was so-so.  Glad we checked it out, not sure we'd go back though.
4	Spunky, surreal neon decor with leggy waitresses wearing shiny hose. Famous amongst locals and was in the movie Swingers I hear. Right next to the Riviera down a ways on the strip. Service was good and the food quite tasty. Lots of variety. I was in Vegas on business and ate there twice. The ribeye was quite good and they didn't overcook it which, to me at least, is vital. The next time I got the gyro which was tasty but the lamb was just OK. No one was displeased with their meal as far I remember. If you're cruising through Vegas and want to try something very authentically "Vegas" but also desire a good meal and don't want to break the bank, Peppermill's the spot.Open 24 hours by the way and oh yeah, if you're a drunkard this place is also optimal as they have a fireside lounge which seems to cater to the party crowd.
4	This is hands down, the COOLEST lounge Ive ever been too. (not too sure about the Restaurant part) Its cozy, comfy, great for conversation with friends. The fire pit is really neat! the drink price is average.The only downfall is, like all the vegas casinos,  they let you smoke inside (yuck!) If your tired of walking up and down the strip and are trying to avoid all the crowded bars, this is the place to go! its a hidden gem.
4	If you are hungry go here! I ordered the ribs with fries and a salad. I was actually full after the salad and couldn't believe the serving size. The ribs were pretty good, but I actually liked the curly fries the best. If you sit in the bar they have a pretty cool fire pit. Overall, the ambiance was pretty cool. It reminded me of something out of my home town.
3	I came here with 15 of my other family members at around 11:30pm. The first thing I thought was COOL I love the neon decor. I'm into anything old school & funky. The menu has your typical diner type food (like Denny's as others would say), but everything seemed overpriced. I wasn't in the mood for anything else but salad, soup, & bread. I had their garden salad, mushroom cream soup, and some garlic bread. Sadly the only thing I liked much out of all three was the bread, but I didn't even finish it. My boyfriend had a cheeseburger & we had "heard" that the burgers here were humongous. His wasn't even big at all, and he claims it was "alright". However my nephew ordered a mushroom burger & his was big! I saw a few other tables who ordered the nachos (from the appetizer menu)..boy that thing is HUGE!!! I would've been down for that instead :P My other cousin ordered the quesadilla which looked delicious but she didn't seem to finish it. Most of my other family members ordered breakfast & they seemed satisfied; they came in huge portions. Anyways, I wasn't as pleased so idk if I'm willing to come back & try something else. It just seems like a restaurant that catches your eye right off the Strip, and it lures you in.
3	I guess every place in Las Vegas is expensive.  I'm not into the neon decor at all.  Just not me.  The food was ok though.  Not from Vegas, so I'm not sure why there was one person for the water, one person for the food, and one person for the bar.  May have been a Nevada thing.
5	Th decor is somewhat like your in a strip club.. which i think is pretty cool, the  food on the menu is pricey compared to other places, but its because the entree are huge, i find it hard a lot of times to finish my food.  the average price of an entree is around $10 dollars. The place is always packed with people so arrive early if you planning on eating and doing a show or something.. i personally only gone in  for breakfast, and it gets packed sometimes to the point where there are people waiting outside.
5	I love the fireside lounge.  If there's an empty seat...grab it.  It is definately an experience.And to top it off...gorgeous women with their pretty long hair and full-length black halter dress, with the slits that go up to their legs.  THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE.  If I wanna cozy up with my honey, this is our place.  Could it get anymore romantic than this?And the food...we ordered the nachos, not expecting it to be towering over the plate.  I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.
1	The Steak house at Circus Circus was closed and we wanted to know of a place we could still get a good steak at 11 p.m. The maitre d' recommended we try Peppermill.  The restaurant was crowded but there wasn't a wait to get a table. Ordering drinks took forever because the waitress had to get a separate "cocktail waitress" to take our alcoholic drink order. One of our friends joked she wouldn't order a steak based on what she saw walking to our table. The price for a steak dinner ranged from $26 to $29. I commented back to her for that price how could the steaks be bad. Boy was I wrong. I order a New York steak and shrimp dinner for $29. The steak was the size you would get for a $9.99 steak and eggs breakfast. To say this was over priced is an understatement. I know size isn't everything but this steak didn't even taste good. The other dinners (chicken nachos and a fresh fruit platter)  were no better.  If that wasn't bad enough our cocktails were of the premixed straight from the fountain gun dispenser type. Needless to say no one finished their food or drinks. What a waste of money. As for the maitre d' I wonder if he gets some sort of kick back for sending people to this place. So much for asking a local where to eat.
2	The atmosphere here is fun.  Gawdy in a good way. Very Vegas.  The food portions are humongous.  We went for breakfast before we hit the road to go back home.  I ordered pancakes.  The waitress advised a short stack because she said they're kind of big.  She wasn't kidding.  The 2 pancakes overflowed the big plate!  That said- the actual quality of the food was left something to be desired.  The huge pancakes tasted a little cardboardy.  In addition the service wasn't so friendly- maybe it was too early in the moring.   Maybe we'll give it a second chance when we go back to vegas.  The people who went late night or for dinner in the fireside lounge seemed to have a better experience.  But with so many options in Vegas, not sure it's worth it to give them a second chance.
3	Very unique decor in both the restaurant and the Fireside Lounge.  Really loungy but in a cool way.I had the omelet.  It was so huge, I probably only finished 1/4 of it.  But it was good.  I would like to go back some time and try the drinks and some of the other menu items.  I have a feeling I might add a star after my next visit.
4	Oh man there was so much food! And mirrors! and indoor trees!Great place for a little hair of the dog. Tasty bloody mary, as many have pointed out.And the decor is awesome.Short wait for 5 at 11am, prime time when everyone was waking up from the night before. HUGE portions. I ordered french toast and a side of bacon, and it was a TON of texas toast. Lots of syrup. Everything was satisfying.Slay your hangover here!
3	I'm averaging out my scores between service and everything else.I have to say the food was good - I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with potato salad as the side.  The drinks were good as well and, although the one I ordered had no price listed, I found it reasonable.The atmosphere was fun - lots of bright lights and funky uniforms for the servers.  With everything stated above, I could give the Peppermill 4 stars, HOWEVER....The server took FOREVER!!!  We were there for dinner and, although seated immediately, were there for nearly two hours.  The server grabbed a box for me to take the remainder of my food home in, but didn't think to grab the check at the same time?  After that it took forever to flag her down... and even after she picked up the check it took her ages to swipe the credit card.Although I enjoyed the food, the service absolutely killed it for me.  It was busy there, but by no means THAT busy.
4	I remember going to the Peppermill in Reno when i was in high school and I remember the great buffet and the cool lighting.  On my recent trip to Vegas, we stopped by the restaurant and the atmosphere brought back memories.The service was great and the staff was very friendly. We got a table the moment we walked in, but i think that was because it was a weekday. Waitress forgot about refilling drinks but apologized for the delay.  The food portions are very large. We were able to try the other plates that our table ordered.  My sister enjoyed the multi colored sugar and she wanted to steal it.  They sell it at the counter so i bought her one when we went back the next day.  They also have a really cool lounge that i might try to have a drink at when i visit again.  I will most likely go back when i visit Vegas again.
4	I really don't remember everything about this experience. It was early morning after partying in Vegas! I do remember how yummy the food was though.. I always love a good eggs Benedict when I can barely walk. Fun times. When I came out of the restaurant the sun was rising. The next thing I remember was waking up in my tight room at Aria!
5	The peppermill is DELICIOUS! It is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas for many reasons. I love the atmosphere, the food, and the portions! The decor of the peppermill is so cute and is very vegas-like. The waitresses wear old school diner uniforms and work their butts off! They are definitely priced on the higher end, but it's expected considering they are on the strip, it's a tourist attraction, and the portions are humungous. The only downside- this place can get very very busy and you may wait a while! It's best to go during the week or late at night to avoid large crowds and waiting. Otherwise, this place is awesome! Definitely recommended!
5	I'm a fan of Holly Madison....so yes, I'll admit it. I wanted to go here in hopes of seeing her and her gaggle of Vegas friends. It seems like on every episode of Holly's World they're hanging at The Peppermill. Unfortunately, she wasn't there when we went. BUT I'm sooooo glad we checked this train-wreck of a restaurant out. It's Denny's on crack. After going here, I can honestly say I know what being like Lindsey Lohan must feel like. Let me help you imagine this place a little better. Take your average Denny's or IHop, sprinkle in some meth and blow, add some 60 year old ex-strippers, angry foreign tourists, mirrored ceilings, neon lights and a haze from extra-smoky cigarette smoke.The food is GIANT....you'll feel like you're on an episode of Pee-Wee's Playhouse when you get your food. The waitresses look like they hate their life and could give a flying F that you think your ice cream sundae is amazing! (Cheer up ladies....you work in a crazy place!)If you want an amazing experience and crazy pictures to go along with it....go here. It's my new favorite place in Vegas. The kitsch level is off the charts!
4	loved this place! love the ambiance and decor.. the waitress' outifts are too funny.. ;) huge menu.. colored sugar in sugar shakers on every table?? hell yeah!! :) 24 hours?? even better!! it is kind of like a Denny norm's but fancier?? he he he.. had the club.. it was great! hubby had the ciabatta burger.. so delicious! both of us brought food back to our room..great late night snack!! couple next to us ordered a small nachos, it was HUGE!! definitely ordering those next time.. great service, friendly!! love the peppermill!!
2	This place is nothing to write about! It was a 1980's flashback. The food was not very good and neither was the service!
4	Food great, staff a bit rude
4	Food is delicious, you get what you pay for. The portions are also generous--they are HUGE! Especially for a banana split...I thought it would be a typical size you get at a ice cream store. But, not here. It was bigger than my hand. (Check out photos) It was a colorful atmosphere, full of flowers, neon lights, blue colors, kind of retro. Service kind of sucked--didn't come by to check up, and all of our waters needed to be refilled badly. One of the waitresses was walking around asking tables if they wanted a FREE picture. Well, always remember that nothing in life is free! Our table said sure, took our picture, came back with the print out (looked really good) said it was $15 individual, or $10 each for two. Umm...no thanks! Other than that sketchy picture scam, food was yummy, you will leave feeling stuffed to the max. My advice is to SHARE! (Shared a hamburger with fries with my bf, and both of us were full of only half a hamburger) The banana split literally needs 4+ people to help finish it all.
4	Delicious food with generous portions... and open 24 hours a day.This is the true vegas version of Dennys, except here the food is actually tasty!Great atmosphere that holds on to a little of the Vegas from years past... always great people watching as well!
4	Aww.....The Peppermill.....I really do love this place! I love the whole cheesy, neon night club atmosphere thing going on, I love the big over portioned drinks as well as food and I love the fact that it brings back so many fond memories of the days in Vegas and also memories of other Peppermills I have visited over the years.I came here recently for breakfast on my little Vegas getaway and immediately felt a comforting sensation as I entered in through the doors. I was immediate greeted by an exceptionally friendly hostess and seated promptly.I ordered a sausage, Swiss cheese and onion omelet, which came with has browns and a blueberry muffin.As always, the peppermill way, my omelet was GYNORMOUSE and mouthwatering delicious and even the hash browns were quite tasty especially considering the fact that I'm not into hash browns.The bar area is fantabulous!!! Dark secluded and intimate with a big fiery pit centered in the middle surrounded by an engaging lounge couch area. It  definitely is something worth checking out! You haven't fully experienced Vegas to the fullest with out stopping here; really, you just have to make this a destination point!! Can't wait tell my next visit!!!
4	I've been taking advantage of the Peppermill's hours of operation for a long time. Completely overpriced, too tacky for words, and an absolutely Perfect way to end a night out on the Strip.This is a place to watch or be watched. Everyone's going to wander in at some point. From strippers, cocktail waitresses, and impersonators - to high rollers and Hunter S. Thompson types.The Fireside Lounge is what makes Peppermill so star worthy though, like a den out of the Elvis Era, you're transported- cheesiness is overlooked, romance is rampant and we're getting trashed on Buttery Nipples; all among floral fakery, a fire pit, and fuchsia flamingos.I Love this place. I do I do I do!!!
3	Only in Vegas. Kinda like a Denny's with a fire pit and roller skates. It's kitch, and it's fab. It's hard not to love this place. From what I remember at least. You won't leave hungry if you order food. And if you don't- you won't be dissapointed with the eye candy or the drinks. It's 24 hrs after all and Vegas is a 24 hr city...so at some point you should end up here. Good spot for pictures...
3	Came here for breakfast on our way out of town after a friend recommended.  I think I expected too much - it was just ok.  Portions were large, but my bloody mary was awful.  I got Eggs Benedict (was pretty good), husband got Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs, which he didn't come close to finishing - said it was not that great.Atmosphere was SUPER COOL, service was ok and food was ok.  I'll give it another try next time we're in Vegas, and will definitely check out the Fireside Lounge.
4	How the hell do most places in Vegas get away with ending breakfast at 10:30 in the AM? Do they know they're in Vegas?!?! Blasphemy.but....since most places end breakfast early....my friends and I ended up at Peppermill's....and I loved it. Breakfast all day and the joint is totally kitsch'd. I was in love.The food is much better than a Denny's. I had an omelette with spinach, tomato, and feta cheese, which was too big, but delish. Jam tasted homemade and I got fresh fruit on the side instead of hash browns. Loved it.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll hit this place up on the late night to see the show.....
4	This is the cherry on top of all-night escapades in Vegas. Ginormous portions. Neon blue & pink lights. Faux cherry blossom trees. What's not to love?I dug this place so much, I ate here twice. The vodka in my system always craves breakfast. So that's what I ordered. Big ass omelets. The largest omelets you can feast your eyeballs on. Ditto on the cobb salads. And most likely everything else on the menu for that matter. Know what that means? Extras for tomorrow! Scoreeee.
4	I recommend this spot! Food is delicious service is great dinning area is cute & the lounge are is cool! If your in the area stop by, it's next to the Riviera.
5	This rating is on the Lounge only as we did not eat.  It does not look like much from the outside, but the inside of the lounge is WAY cool!  Quiet, dark, not smoky, great service, cool fire pit.  Very nice place to escape from the strip.
4	from the outside this place looks like a gay bar, but from the inside a seedy yet classy 80s strip club haha. when we were leaving vegas and this was the place my boyfriend's sister took us before we left i was a little thrown off. the fire pit is gnarly and the decor is so tacky but pretty awesome. the food was surprisingly good (insanely delicious if you're still a little drunk or hungover). big portions and everything you could want from food to booze. i would definitely recommend giving it a try when youre in vegas. i promise you wont regret it.
5	the lounge here is my very favorite place in all of las vegas! (i've never actually eaten at the restaurant; maybe i should try it one day.)i think everyone should come here! why wouldn't you want to sit on a plush velvet couch around a flaming fountain thing, bathed in the glow of pink and blue neon, sipping the fruity cocktail of your choice from a large selection of tropical drinks? the servers are friendly, the drinks are huge and the atmosphere is amazing! it attracts an extremely eclectic crowd, ranging from old people to hipsters to club-goers looking to unwind after tao shuts down, locals and tourists alike. the fireside lounge is the most awesomely tacky place in the whole wide world and i love it.
5	In Vegas style, this is not your typical breakfast/brunch spot.  There is a separate area for the nightlife/lounge area.  For breakfast/lunch, you will enjoy sitting in comfy plush booths, decorated with tons of hanging baskets of foliage, and as other reviewers have said, HUGE portions.  You must try the brioche.  The servers were friendly and attentive.
3	I cannot recommend the food because the Denny's-style menu does not look appetizing to me, so I've never actually sat down in the restaurant.  But I enjoy the Fireside Lounge.  The neon-lit interior gives it a swanky atmosphere.  It's a casual place to hang out with friends or bring a date after dinner.  All kinds of interesting people come here.  The service is all right and the drinks are reasonably priced.
4	I'm on a chicken fried steak hunt. Heard the Peppermill was good.  When we sat down, we knew the portions would be big because the coffee mugs were pint size.  Meaning they hold 16 ounces of coffee.  OKAY, here we go.  I got the CFS.  Sis got the Belgium waffle.  The CFS wasn't as big as the ones in the photo, but this one was thick. Really thick.  I think my steak was double thick, so it was still huge.  Flavor was good and crunchy.  It's a deep fried variety with a sausage gravy on top.  Hash Browns were a bit soggy.  They are not spending enough time on the grill.  They are turning too much hash in a short period of time. The Belgium waffle was perfect.  Absolutely perfect.  The definitely whip the egg whites because this waffle is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
5	I discovered this place through a friend and I thought this was a hidden gem. Each time I go to Vegas, I always go to Peppermill's. The atmosphere is pretty cozy and welcoming. When you go inside, it almost looks like it used to be a strip club. I like the variety in the menu and each time I've had something different and I have no complaints yet. I don't know why, but I'm always amused by their sugar; it's very patriotic looking. This is the place I'd go to the morning after.
3	Not fantastic, not horrible.First of all, man! This place gets crowded. If you can, head straight for the counter for immediate seating. Otherwise, you may be doomed to a 20-30 minute wait, if not more (depending on what time of day/night you're trying to get your grub on.)Menu is nothing spectacular and is pretty standard. The Peppermill is really known for atmosphere and portion size. And the portions are pretty big. Hell, the cup of coffee was a thing of beauty for a coffee drinker like me.I opted for the eggs Benedict. My waitress uttered "good choice" when I ordered, so I expected something fabulous. What I got was .. eggs Benedict. Hey, poached eggs aren't exactly easy to get perfect, so I give them credit for perfectly cooked eggs with just the right amount of runny yolk. Other than that .. pretty standard. You do get 3 eggs instead of the usual 2, and a large portion of hash brown potatoes. Add your own salt and pepper and/or Tabasco, because the hollandaise sauce is pretty flavorless.Oh, if you sit at the counter, watch your neighbors. The idiot that plopped down on the stool next to me decided he needed cream for his coffee and .. without a word to me .. reached across my plate to take cream out of the supply my waitress left for me. Didn't even apologize after he did it and realized that it wasn't "for everyone". D.B.
4	Pros: Friendly staff, good portions, tasty foodCons: May need to wait for a table, greasy/heavy food, no cheaper eats for someone not looking for a big meal.Going to a diner, I should probably expect heavier/greasy food but they even go as far as putting a generous helping of whipped butter on your toast.  After all the buffets and other heavy foods, I'd really like something toned down just a notch.
4	This restaurant is like a better version of dennys. Food is very tasty and the portions are big. The service is alittle slow, but what do you expect when  the restaurant is packed.
1	The place is horrible. Nasty and trashy.  The service was terrible: super slow, rude, and unsensitive. I ordered a ciabatta pesto burger and a creme brule. The food was ok. Huge portions but nothing out of this world. I can get the same stuff  elsewhere. It's like a Deny's with neon lights. Expensive for the actual products you get. Our waitress took forever to take the order. I waited about 30 min to get an appetizer. Overall, the service was terrible (slow refills, waiter unreachable). I was so pissed that I didnt care to tip for service.
5	So, have you ever been so hungry you needed two onions worth of onion rings? How about a salad the size of your head? Or for the finale, pancakes that hang off all edges of your plate? Peppermill is definitely for the Adam Richman (Man Vs. Food host) in all of us. One would think with quantity, quality suffers but Peppermill definitely proves that adage wrong. Me and my sis always order pancakes, bacon, and the fruit&granola bowl: all are fantastic. The fruit&granola bowl is about the size of 2 banana splits. Pancakes are HUGE, over 12" in diameter (at least) with a fluffy sweetness to them that beg for just a tiny amount of syrup when you dress them with the AWESOME "stripper" sugar sprinkles.I definitely love this place. The blue neon and comfortable seating and long raised walkways turned into foliage.........somehow makes me believe Peppermill used to be a strip club in a former life.......but who knows ;-). Service is great here: quick, friendly, and very personable. It's reassuring to know that in a city built on transient party goers, at a place centered on the strip, people still remember your name.Give this place a try.
5	WHOLY BACON FEST.If you are in the mood for a BLT, or if you are like me you want a BLTAC, you must have it at the Peppermill. The bacon is piled super high and the cut is thick! The french fires are delicious too. Their Bloody Marys are perfectly spicy and they offer and extra shot for $2.50.I know my friends have gotten omelets the size of your head and I have had the club sandwich too. The ranch dressing is a little different tasting, but not bad. I can't really put my finger on it. I don't remember everything I've ever had from here, but I know I am never dissatisfied. I stayed at the Clarion, convention center drive/near the Wynn, and Peppermill was a short walk away.
4	The Peppermill is where hookers go to find husbands. The kind of husbands whose names are Bubba and drive 18 Wheelers.The Peppermill knows how to keep things klassy (with a K) with their indoor waterfall fire pit and their long-black-dress-with-the-hip-length-slit clad waitresses.The 80's lounge style seating, the free nuts, the bartender who pours you well vodka when you asked for Grey Goose, the 1993 music videos playing on all the non flat screen TVs.This place pulls out all the stops for it's pretentious, well spoken, fur wearing guests.Classy to a T.The best part about the Peppermill? This establishment knows that its got it going on!! w00t w00t!This place was awesome and very chill. They took care of our pre-drink needs and we even ordered some snacks. I love me a time trap bar.Keep it classy Peppermill, keep it classy.
4	This place was amazing. I had visited the Peppermill Casino in Reno a couple of years ago and was nearly shocked into seizures by the decor. The Peppermill Restaurant in Las Vegas didn't disappoint in that regards. The theme is equally gawdy and downright perfect. The food and coffee portions were huge and tasty. I didn't get a chance to try the Bloody Mary, but it looked delicious. And as alluded to, the people watching rates 5 stars here.
3	I want to protect your wallet, you worked hard for that Green!  I highly recommend not coming here for breakfast.A. you get average food and pay high dollarB.  you get farted on, that's right farted on.  Some barnyard ignorant lewd ugly  barbarous uncivil constuction worker ripped beaf upon leaving his table with two other uncouth barbaians.  His foreman took them out for breakfast (they drove off in a black cadillac) And I wrote down the plate numberI know someone that knows someone who pulls alot of strings here in Vegas and when I find you,  I am going to have you and your crew black balled from working any job in VegasYou blew your stink towards the wrong table you illiterate slugYou won't be laughing when you get fired, infact you may just shart yourself
4	I waiver between 4 and 5 stars on this. I'm at about a 3.5 to 4 for the Peppermill Restaurant and a solid 5 for the Fireside Lounge.Let's start with the Fireside Lounge. This is one of my favorite places in Vegas. I've loved it since I first visited Vegas years and years ago. It's one of the first places that springs to mind when I think of "old Vegas". This little tucked away lounge is both classy and neon. It's both laid-back and fun. I can just picture any classic Vegas star sitting on a couch here.The Fireside Lounge is pretty small. When you walk into the Peppermill, you'll see a small glass door off to your left labeled "Fireside Lounge". When you walk through it, you'll see lots of blues, pinks, and greens, bits of neon, mirrors, and plenty of fake plants and trees. But it so works, it feels classy - old Vegas classy.To your right is a small, low bar with some video poker. To your left is a large indoor fire pit / flaming pool thing. Around the indoor fire pit / flaming pool thing is a huge circle couch. Around the rest of the room are smaller couches and some chairs - in an array of different sizes to accommodate just your size group. And the way it is all laid out, it is not too hard to find a private corner for some snuggling.On corners around the room are TVs playing all sorts of music videos. Sometimes it 80s hair bands, sometimes it's a live Pearl Jam show. It's different just about every time I go. And it's never too loud. It's just there in the background, providing ambiance and conversation starters.The best part is that the cocktail waitresses wear long, black evening gowns. It just adds to the whole environment and experience. There's a decent cocktail list and bar snack menu. Don't expect anything inventive here (though, they have been trying some new martinis). It's all classic and old-fashioned (and that is what is going to taste the best here). Think Mai Tai and shrimp cocktail.Combine all that with it being open-24 hours and you've got a must-do. It can be a romantic spot for couples and a chill spot for a group of guys or gals. And I've seen a few celebrities here too. Not the type that host at Pure, but the type that you might catch performing at The Joint.And I have to add that the staff at the Fireside are pretty open and willing to accommodate. My husband decided to surprise me with an Elvis impersonator for my birthday, and he set it all up with Fireside for this Elvis to come in and sing to me. So yeah, Fireside is totally a 5 star place.So on to the Peppermill Restaurant. Sure, there are better 24 hour restaurants in Vegas, but almost none with this kind of atmosphere. And the food is well above average. I can't say I've eaten here a lot, but the handful of times I have, I haven't had any complaints. The portions are huge - so don't be afraid to share. My favorite menu items are actually the omelettes. They're huge and flavorful (no going stingy on the cheese and fillers here), and they just really hit the spot after a long night of drinking and gaming. 3.5 stars for the food, but add 1/2 a star for the ambiance.The Peppermill Restaurant and Fireside Lounge are novelty Vegas places not to be missed.
3	This place belongs in Vegas! Went for breakfast at 8 am and walked into a disneyworld like set up with shiny stainless steel, pink and purple velvet wall trimmings and flamingo stainglass lights. The sugar is even multicolored and the coffee cups are the size of a small thermos. Breakfast is huge too. We got one of the specials with spanish sausage, onions, peppers cooked with hashbrowns and fresh eggs and cheese. Yummy! The bar has this absolutely cool fire place/water pool thing you have to check out. Oh, and of course you can get a bloody mary or strawberry daquiri if your inclined. Would of been more stars but no options under 11$ for a breakfast is a bit steep.
4	Late night craving for diner food? Skip the Denny's, go to the Peppermill. This place is open 24 hours and always is filled with entertaining people (most likely drunk, or acting like they are just because they are in Vegas) watching. Don't let the decor scare you, at first it's a little overwhelming, but you will grow to love the cheesiness of it. The corned beef hash is pretty good here. It's not crispy like I would prefer, but it's the perfect combination of just corned beef and potatoes. I can't tell if service (food wise) is slow here or if it's just because I'm always starving when I come here. Either way, the servers are really accommodating.*Usually a little tipsy when I come here so unsure about food being as good sober, but drunk me loves this place*www.anitaeat.com
2	I see all of the 4 and 5 star reviews and I think, I wanted it to be like this!!!  Unfortunately, I cannot say that it was.  The service started off bad and got worse....  the water was...  dreadful....   their ice was so bad that it ruined the taste of Soda, the alcoholic drinks and Im sure anything else it came in contact with.  (it was so bad that when I had my friends that were with me over for drinks a few weeks later, I advised them that my ice was not from the Peppermill) The quality of the food was poor and tasted funny.  Our waitress was very cold and short and didnt do anything out of the norm to impress me.... i am not saying that she should have, but a smile would have helped....    I will not be going back to this place... for everyone else, good luck.  It seems like some people have had great luck here.
3	Having endured the grossness (is that a word?) of the Riviera Hotel and Casino's facilities and food service next door, my brother and I ventured to the Peppermill every morning for breakfast over the course of a five day conference we were attending. The breakfast food is Denny's with a Vegas twist. The twist comes from the funky mirrored/neon interior and the short skirted waitresses. The food was more expensive than the breakfast buffet at the hotel next door, but the staff was friendlier and the food significantly better. If you are not staying in the northern end of the Strip it is not worth the effort to go out of your way for the Peppermill. If you happen to have the 'good' fortune to stay at the Riviera, plunk you food dollars at the Peppermill.
2	My friend attempted to describe Peppermill to me before we ate there yesterday. "It's as if Dennys and Rainforest Cafe had a bastard child... Oh, well you'll see.." Two words: deliciously tacky. At first our waitress was prompt in taking our order before the rest of our group arrived. It later took her forever to get everyone's order in. I split the Marco Polo omelet with my friend. They describe it as a huge portion, but honestly I could've finished the whole thing by myself. Wasn't really impressed. I felt like it was lacking in flavor if you didn't have a bit of the tomato hollandaise sauce to eat your bite with. The hash browns were good though. I'd much rather have gotten an omelet from the Omelet house.
4	Big coffee mugs,huge portions & a cool lounge for the sneaky lovers hiden in the back. This is the best deal on the strip and its 24/7! Vegas classic for the restless.
5	I have been visiting Vegas at least every year once since 2000 and have gone to the Pepper every time. Breakfast food is great. Huge, huge portions. I advise a compromise and sharing if u have a partner in crime. Fireside lounge is great. This place to me is the best example of a Vegas diner! Great cheesey interior. Love it!
4	The best place to eat a late-night meal from the 1am until breakfast hours....the menu has something for everyone, from breakfast staples to hearty dinner plates. Expect the prices to be a bit high, but for a place this kitschy and for the portion size it only makes sense, and anywhere this gimmicky on the strip is going to be a bit expensive. Other than that, its a REALLY fun place, the decor is crazy fun, and the waitresses are beautiful and friendly. A great place to get a late night/early morning meal and just enjoy Vegas and all of its strangeness.
5	I love this place! We have been here every time that we have been to Vegas. It is open for 24hrs, and you can get breakfast anytime! The decor is so kitchy and kooky it is just entertaining in itself. The walls and ceilings are covered with mirrors, there is a lot of pink neon happening and there are these big fake cherry trees. They also have a great lounge complete with an indoor fire pit. Their food is typical diner fair, but amped up a bit. Unless you are really hungry and can put away some serious food, splitting an entree is probably just fine. They have got great Reubens, burgers and breakfast. My husband had the California omlette that was so big, he ate half, then we both split the other half for breakfast the next morning. They also have your basic cocktail menu, that you order from your cocktail waitress. This has become a must when we go to Vegas!
4	After midnight mass on Christmas eve we went in bypassing the restaurant going into the lounge...and while looking around there was plenty of seating at 2am but it looked and felt so comfortable. The drinks were large and good! We enjoyed the time we spent there catching up on the comfy couches, watching the food come out to others sitting around the fire pool looking very YUMMY! Just had to go back after a show down that way and tonight got to eat!!! Wow it was YUMMY....The chilcken quesidilla was packed full with a garlic marinated chicken that was so tasty, the nachos were red and green for Christmas and just covered with cheese, all warm and gooey and  all the accompaniments on the side like salsa, beans and sour cream topped it. Then the pulled pork sliders....well need I say more??? Really enjoyed it all!
3	3.5... Came here for brunch around 1030a and the line was out the door! We waited about 20 mins for a table.Ambiance was weird... It was pimped out!!! HAHAHA There are actually trees (fake) inside the restaurant, comfy booths and a diner bar.Our server, Kathleen, was excellent-and from what I overheard-she has been there for years.We ordered: -Coffees ($3): Big cups and French Vanilla creamer. Always topped off.-Garden Omelet [custom] ($13)-Lorraine Omelet ($13.20)Total was $40 with tip.Portions were very generous, and came with a couple sides. I opted for the hash browns and English muffin. I couldn't finish half my entree and I was hungry! Hash browns had a little burnt taste to it, but no biggie - I stuck to my veggie omelet.There's ample FREE parking in the back, which is convenient given LV. Would recommend coming here at least once. Big ups for it being 24 hours!
5	WHY oh WHY? cant I have a Peppermill in San Diego?! the 10 egg omelette was so huge I felt bad for all the starving people in the world! The portions are crazy big..even the coffee is served in a huge mug! THUMBS UP for french vanilla creamer! I think the first customer was the jolly green giant and they just never changed the portion sizes! The waiter was super cool and nice. I forgot his name.."sorry cool dude", but he was telling us jokes and gave us advice on ordering one meal for two. That was very nice of him because he was soooooo right! My husband decided to make up his own alcoholic beverage that didnt have a name so the bartender was nice enough to come to our table and treat him like VIP mixing his drink the way he wanted..so either she came because she was super nice like the waiter or she wanted to get a look at the weirdo (aka my husband) that didnt know the name of the drink he was thinking of! haha Anyway. We had a full family mixed with adults and kids and everybody was very nice to us. Got our food fast (I think about 9 of us total and our food was ready in about 20-25mins) We all were pleased and fat at the end of the visit. It was clean. great atmosphere. tasty food. good drinks.GREAT pricesWe LOVED the fake trees inside and the confetti crystal sugar shaker that I....I mean somebody thought about stealing.I think this is the only place we will eat next time!Enjoyed my visit on 12/24/2010
5	Ham steak is the best I've ever eaten!  Won't even bother ordering anything else.
4	Forget Bouchon or Sinatra.. the first place we wanted to revisit to on our second trip to Vegas was the Peppermill.It's not how surprisingly great the food is, the totally vintage and tacky decor, or the fact that it's open 24 hours. It's that awesome fireside lounge. If it's not busy you can get a seat right infront of the fire. If not, it's not so bad either, you can curl up on the couches and watch random music videos while nursing a bloody mary all night.In the restaurant, the girls are dressed like Hooters girls, in the lounge they're dressed like prom queens in full on gowns. With that said, the lounge is NOT fancy, it's just a cool place to drink and be comfortable.Again, still love the Peppermill and I'll probably come back here every time I visit Vegas.
4	Me and my friend were staying at the Riviera hotel which is very close to the Peppermill Restaurant.  We got in around 1:00am and were starving for food.  We ordered long islands which were so good! We both ordered a meal with omelets and they were amazing! You get plenty of food and the wait staff was very nice.There is a lounge inside and we did check out after a night out at Tao.  If your close def stop by this place!
5	I stop by this restaurant every time I am in Las Vegas, it would ruin my trip not to take a meal @ the Peppermill. The portions are huge and the service is great. The atmosphere is great as well, down to earth, very old-school kitschy Vegas type atmosphere, which I thought was fun.  It's the perfect place to hang out with friends after you're done doing whatever it is you do in Vegas, shopping, clubbing, walking the strip and touring casinos, whatever, this is a place to go to wind down. I personally have not been at night, although I would love to do so, this review is based on my experience going in for breakfast. (based on trip taken August 2008)Pros: atmoshere, service, food portions and priceCons: waitress uniforms
4	We wandered out of the glaring sunlight and retreated to the cavernous wonder that is the Fireside Lounge.  This is the home of fire leaping up out of bubbling water that gently cycles through the color spectrum, surrounded by plush purple couches, and music videos of live performances that span the generations (The Beach Boys, Paul Simon, Aretha, Hall and Oats, Coldplay, you get the idea).  There is plastic bougainvillea everywhere, creating little oases of privacy, despite the mirrored ceilings.  Purple, pink, and turquoise lights add to the "ambiance."  Nothing about this place is real.  It's Vegas, after all.  Get out of the hot Vegas sun and soak up some fireside kitsch.  This is the Vegas your parents remember.  And it's awesome.
4	HUGE PORTIONS! Came here for lunch with my employers while I was attending a Seminar at the Hilton which is close-by. We came in and was seated promptly. Our waitress always had a smile and was quite the busy bee going from table to table. Impressive. I ordered a cheeseburger with fries. Markus and Miyoko ordered salads. When the salads came.. it really looked like 3 salads combined into one serving. Miyoko ordered the steak and mushroom salad that looked tasty.. Markus's salad was the same size but had an array of fruit on it. All of us were shocked of how big the portions were. I ordered my cheeseburger well done.. but it came back a bit burnt. I still ate it, but was a bit sad that it had been charred. All in all a good place to grab food. Especially since I heard the Riviera had crappy food joints to eat at. Would I eat here again? Only if I were in the general vicinity of the area. Its good to be back home in SF.
3	Fun place to eat,good waiter service,great spot location....specially when u are starving and have no time to waist looking for something...:)
4	Great food and 10 times better than a buffet
3	Away from the 24 hour buzz of the casinos and entertainment parks that occupy the strip you'll find the Peppermill Restaurant.... This place is a landmark and an excellent venue to escape the entertainment complex and enjoy a quality meal with a little 1960's charm. The female staff here are a bunch of old Vegas retiree dancers that wear tiny jumpers and shiny tights! (bow chica wow wow!) It's also got a kind of jungle decor to it, plus all kinds of shiny mirrors and neon lights - quite tacky. The food is great with enormous servings that can easily be shared between 2 and sometimes possibly 3 people. A good variety of breakfast choices 24/7. You'll definitely hit the food jackpot when eating here. Recommended to any Vegas visitor who want to enjoy a solid dining experience.
5	I can tell people back home I went to a gay bar with a breakfast twist. Holy mirror wall, Batman! lolThis place is so great! For a tourist hotspot, they get you to a table asap and with a smile The food portions are ginormous. When I order a mimosa, I wasn't expecting the huge glass I received. I was greatly satisfied and full right away. The Fireside Lounge is just awesome. Above the firepit when we were waiting had Cher playing.Come on, who's naive in Vegas?
3	Like cone here late at night after a night of drinking!
4	This is a regular stop at least a couple times every visit. The menu is huge almost tonight but it provides something for everyone and it's still quality food. Along with the quality you get a old Vegas feel inside the restaurant with it's very neat decore.
4	bubbling fire pit + peanuts + fake ivy + disorienting neon + lots of flat screens + random music videos + big red couches + mirrors + cocktail waitresses in weird long black polyester skirts + good drinks + random old couples making out in a corner = 4 stars.
3	The best thing about this place is the fact the portions are plenty big enough to share. Other than that, it's pretty typical. I wouldnt sit at the counter or near it though. It's pretty hot so we asked to move. We were accomodated pretty quickly though.
5	The Peppermill rocked!! I went there in December for my birthday after watching a new Frank Sinatra show at the Encore. It was only a few blocks walk through the back streets of Vegas. (By that I mean off the strip, for all us tourist folk)  I have been wanting to go there for a while now, and it did not disappoint.The decor was dark with neon light accents everywhere. Mostly of the blue and pink variety. The bartenders were up there in age, so they knew how to entertain and keep conversation going. I forget the bartenders name that was serving my girlfriend and I, but he was a good time. My girl and I ended up finding an open spot at the indoor fire pit so we lounged there for a while. It was interesting... Great for people watching and you get one eclectic crowd walking in and out of there. All sort of race, creed, gender and class. It is now a must go to every time I head to Vegas.If you are the clubbing/ bar hopping type, its the perfect place to sit with the guys and plan your strategy over some good food and a few drinks. On the other hand, its a great place to just sit after a long night/ morning and well, lounge.
4	I didn't get a chance to go into the lounge but the restaurant had an eclectic mix of people.  Families, couples, party people, tourists....We will definitely go back!  Food was very good!I had the reuben and my boyfriend had the bacon cheeseburger.  We both enjoyed both, except I think I liked his a little more.  I'll definitely get some kind of breakfast next time or a burger.We also had plans to get a sundae after dinner but the portions were so large we were too full, so maybe next time.
4	Outstanding atmosphere in the fireplace room and some heat food at decent prices.  My girlfriend and I heard about the size of the plates there, so we decided to only order 1 plate and it was well worth it.  Also while there we had a bloody Mary drink, it was just "okay" as it wasn't very spicy and didn't have a lot of alcohol in it, but the flavor of the tomato juice plus the garnishes made it more tolerable.
5	Usually a 24 hour restaurant, I usually think of Denny's. Mainly a little less then average place, just to have something to eat and not much to really look at, except the other booth of people around you. But Peppermill, proved me wrong about 24 hour restaurants, and looks more then an average place. Now this was an ideal 24 hour restaurants, that I wish it could take over Denny's. Then I would be coming there all the time. Located next to Riveria, its a very colorful restaurant on the strip. Of course I had my doubts about going here, but glad my wife twisted my arm and go. Outside, it may look a bit unsure on cause its close to downtown. But despite the fancy looks that you can see on the outside, inside, is a whole different story. The seating is not like no other picnic table booth, its basically a curved booth with nice, colorful seating. You don't have to worry about being smooshed against the wall anymore. Each booth is like curved like the letter "C", all over the restaurant. It has very nice lighting, and very wonderful arrangements, like your in the rainforest. Not like Rainforest Cafe, but a bit less elaborate then Rainforest Cafe. The staff was wonderful, we were seated right away, we were served drinks, once we were seated. Our waitress was very nice as well. They all wore colorful uniforms and made the place interesting. She always made sure that we were okay. Looking over the menu, the pricing was a bit more then I expected. But once I got my food, I can see why. The food was in big portions. I ordered the New York Steak, and ordered it well done. I was amazed that it came out well done. I mean, no pink what so ever on that meat. Usually when I order steak, it doesn't seem well done, but this time around, it was. Made me think about next time I come here, I should order medium. I don't mind pink, but I thought like any other place I had a well done steak, it had little pink. But I really did enjoy my New York steak. It did come with a salad, and it came big. Also came with Onion rings that were big. Mainly everything was big, even my wife's coffee cup was big. As much as I wanted to try to finish it, I couldn't. I came so close though. Finish the salad, the steak, but threw in the towel with 3 onion rings left. If your looking for a place to eat in the middle of the night. Peppermill will surely not disappoint. The pricing may be more then usual, but its well worth the price, especially when everything comes at you in big portions. Very well recommended 24 hour restaurant.
4	I've heard about this place through a friend that this was the place to go for breakfast, other then the fact that this is the place to go for an incredible atmosphere.The waitress did get a little bothered that chose a booth and vented to the hostess a little. I just chalked it up to "Vegas Kitch" then I sat myself at the counter after I mentioned my little dilemma.The bar is full of personality from both the patrons and waitresses... very friendly. the menu is extensive and the food is delicious. Definitely looking forward to eating here again.
4	Imagine partying and being out all night in "The Vegas," fueled up on adrenaline, eight shots of Gray Goose, six Red Bulls, four lines of nose candy, and maybe two hits off of a gravity bong. In other words, you're freakin' wasted. Your world is starting to spin and you need some food to keep functioning (and to ensure you don't puke or OD). You stumble into a Denny's and you are blown away by weird neon colors, friendly service, and good food at great prices featuring out of this world portions. You are so amazed by the experience you feel you as if you are dreaming, high, or both.Well, the paragraph above pretty much describes my recent experience(s) at the Peppermill, except that I was not on a Charlie Sheen style bender. Even stone cold sober and pissing holy water, I was amazed by the food, service, and of course, the neon colored look and feel of the place.After a long day of traveling and working, I came here for dinner and had a delicious half pound burger with grilled mushrooms, Swiss cheese, crispy bacon, fresh produce featuring onions, lettuce, tomatoes, and a delicious dill pickle that Snookie would salivate over. With my entree, I was given the option of a side of fries, curly fries, or onion rings. I opted for the hot and crispy curly fries. And when I say side, I mean a 2,500 calorie mountain.It was a quality meal and well priced ($16 including tip), considering it was more than enough for two people or maybe even three. But of course, being a nasty pig, I devoured the entire burger and ate as many curly fries as a I could until I felt there was a pimple forming at the end of my nose. I was so impressed by the meal and the service, I let my impressive server (who was in training at the time and being shadowed by another server), that I would be back the following day. As I wasn't pulling a Charlie Sheen, the next day I kept my word and returned with my coworker. Word is bond, yo.This time around, I had a chicken focaccia sandwich filled with thick slices of avocado, prosciutto, provolone cheese, all served a side of Balsamic vinaigrette. The sandwich was delicious. This time around I opted for some tasty onion rings that gave me enough grease on my face to start a fire, a small pimple, and a pair of busted slacks. Whatever. I like being fat. No, really. I swear.In the end, this has become one of my new favorite places to eat in "The Vegas," even if the food makes my face look young (greasy and pimply) and body look old (round and fat). Good food and good times, even without a Charlie Sheen recipe for disaster.
4	The Peppermill is a guilty pleasure as is the adjoining Fireside lounge. This is a great last stop of the night because it is so over the top, datedly bad, that it transcends into amazing.  You will not crave the food here, but it will not disappoint you either. The portions are HUGE as are the drinks and the scene inside is like Starsky ditched Hutch and went into business with Huggy Bear....in 1987.
4	I really like this place, its my go to spot for that transition from hang over into semi sobriety when I cruisin the streets o' Vegas. It really is decorated weird, with purple and pink neon lights everywhere... and trees, wtf? I dunno, they have two shifts of servers... the B team should be the C team, and the A team should be my girlfriend! ;-) Their food? Ok taste, HUGE portions. I always get omelette's, they never disappoint.  Their service? Friendly, fast, and they dont harass you if youre just hanging out talking after your food is gone.  And depending on the shift, the servers are seriously gorgeous.Their prices? cheap, for vegas, but everything is relative, if this place was in tucson with these prices I'd probably burn it down, but for vegas, cheap ;-)The only alcohol I've ever drank here is Bloody Mary's, extra spicy, 100% delicious!Cheers- dRe'
4	good place go get some grub after a night in vegas
3	This place is so strange! A fireside lounge on one side and a diner-style restaurant on the other?! This review is for the restaurant only.The fake trees and flowers and colorful lights are a bit cheesy, but I really like it! Makes for beautiful pictures! There's also a guy coming around to the tables taking pictures trying to get you to buy them. They're super cute, but does anyone actually buy those?!The portions are HUGE HUGE HUGE. The two of us couldn't finish an omlette, a bowl of clam chowder, and a milkshake! Hell, we only finished half of it! We're big eaters too x_x I don' remember which omlette we ordered, but it had a lot of meat and it was okay at first but pretty sickening after a while. The vanilla shake was good. It's the thick kind, which usually isn't my thing. Clam chowder was way too salty and just not good. I think a can of Campbell's Chunky clam chowder is 100x better! I think the Peppermill would be a perfect late night filler, but I don't think I'd come here again unless I was seeking out drunk food.
4	Large portions. Easy Parking. Great place to meet up after hours for breakfast. The bar with the bubbling fire pit is a great place to relax.
5	If you want to relive the '70's, THIS IS THE PLACE!!
3	It's a perfect place to go after a night on the strip. The decorations are slightly eccentric, but the people are great and the portions are large. I definently recommend the waffles. :)
5	I love this place!! I've never had a bad or small meal here! The service is always friendly! Do not make a trip to Vegas without eating at the Peppermill and don't come to the Peppermill without having a drink at the fireside lounge!!
4	This place is old school vegas at its best and I love it!! The drinks are good and reasonable. The decor is something to be experienced. I swear they change the trees everytime I go in. My group had a nice little corner seat. It was a great spot.The waitreses are something to see as well. They wear long cocktail dresses and have big hair and show lot of..um...well, you get the picture. Everytime we ordered drinks, our waitress would sit down on the ottoman. Probably because she was in heals all day, but none of the men or women in my group complained.
4	Do not come here if you are only "a little hungry". They make 7 egg omelets folks. The fruit salads are worthy enough to fit on Carmen Meranda's hat. The sugar dispenser have colored sugar. there is just the right amount of neon and fake trees. Most of the servers seem to be from the former eastern block countries and I am very happy that the wall came down. Hubba Hubba.If you are over 21, I highly recommend the lounge. dimly lit. benches surrounded by fountains with gas fire in the middle of the water and classy swank cocktail waitresses, dressed in long black dresses, sits down next to you in to take your order. It is a nod to the old Vegas. If you are on the town, this is a great place to wind down an evening with good friends.
4	All i have to say is this place is - Grrrrreat ! Very relaxing lounge and good place to eat after midnight .
4	broccoli and egg omelet was delicious! i think it cost 12.00 so it was reasonable. the waiter brought out delicious glasses of tap water to go with it!hash browns were acceptable./ nothing to brag about. wheat toast was standardthis place exceeded my expectations for 3:00 a.m. on a saturday morning in vegas. no wait to be seated and plenty of tables. lots of staff working tooi would go back.
4	Yay! I'm a fan of @PeppermillVegas .  Cool local flavor up in this joint.This is a great example of local flavor as well as what happens when you take a diner and rub some funk on it.I recommend the pastrami burger, although it is a 1/2 pound of beef, a little more than I go for but it was delicious and I will likely return for another go 'round when I'm in Vegas again.The service was very good...almost too good, but not quite.
2	Hmmmm...I've tried the Fireside Lounge twice now.  I just...don't...get it.  Why is this place so popular?  Is it the decor of very faded and cigarette burned booths?  The plastic, fake trees?  The smoke-so-thick-you-can-slice-it air?  The aggravating eye-soar pink lights?It definitely isn't the drinks.  My friend's Jack and Coke was pretty much just Coke.  My chocolate chip cookie martini wasn't anything special or something that I couldn't find at TGIFridays.I just don't get the hype about this place.  Sorry.
5	I don't know how anyone can go to Vegas and not stop by the Peppermill for at least a cocktail in the lounge. This place looks like a cross between a 70's Blacksploitation film and the Madonna Inn. We got there at peak breakfast time (11:30) so you literally could not get in the joint. We had to wait for about 20 minutes. We almost knocked over some old people tryin' to grab a seat at the counter. The food is not cheap but the portions are ample and it's good, basic food. The lounge is the place to be, however. There ain't nothin' like sippin' a cocktail in the fire pit! Hopefully fickle Vegas will never tear this place down!!
5	This is place is a local  treasure!  This is a place that is done a true Vegas style!  The lounge is swanky-tacky...  The sunken fireplace water thing practically hypnotized me as I gazed at it! The restaurant part is slightly better than normal diner food.  The portions were large.Yes - 5 stars!  This is a one of kind original!
3	We went there for breakfast on our way out of Vegas. We waited forever. But the wait was worth it! The food was great. Totally hit the spot. I had the pancakes and bacon and sausage and eggs! Totally yummy. The coffee and hot chocolate comes in huge mugs, which is sort of different from your regular diner. Service is decent and prices aren't too bad, portions are huge, so be careful what you order because it's a ton of food. The decor is cute, 50's style with lit up booths and plants and lights everywhere. Definitely Vegas-like.  Worth trying for sure.
4	Great service, best appetizers & fancy drinks. Open 24/7 and the firepit is amazing! This is Vegas, classic style.
4	Big portions, good service, good food!!!!
5	I love this little dive place! I wish they had more than one firepit but - the overall vibe is low-key and chill. This is a must, gets you away from the Strip - good drinks!
5	Everything "old school" Vegas is here. the atmosphere. the food, the lights inside... even what the waitresses wear. their colored sugar is cool. Huge portions of food and 24 hour cocktails. cant ask for anything more awesome. Definitely a place id go to again, any time of the day or night. !
5	First and Foremost : Unexpectedly large portions. Especially for the price. Also, from what I have seen, the bloody marys are huge too. Love the mirrors and cherry tree decor. The staff is humorous and the atmosphere is generally good.Looks like a great place for a "recovery" breakfast
5	Great food, best coffee! Does anyone know what kind they use?Food portion's are HUGE and price is fair for Vegas, split a meal if you can! You have to go!
5	live right around the corner. perfect for late night breakfast after drinking.
3	Cheesy as heck, but kid friendly with quick service! Excellent buffalo wings, southwestern chx salad not so much! Drinks were good but more expensive than they needed to be.
4	The PepperMill of Vegas is a place I was referred to on my way out from a work friend. His quote...."You can do a lot of #@%$ in Vegas, but you have to try Peppermill". I'm thinking this guy is stoned or something... with all the buffets and food in Vegas, I'm going to wander down to a little diner? HELL YES!!! PepperMill looks like no other when you walk in and the food is awesome. The portions are huge as you can see from the pics people have added. It's nicely set up and perfect for a meal at any time or the day or night... Again, HUGE portions... and it's not crappy either... All is good tasting. If you go in really later, you'll see this place is hoping. The waitresses are all very friendly and offer advice to the new Vegas traveler. Add it to your sight-see's of Vegas... I'll be back in 2 weeks and will make it my first stop! (this place sits just North of the Riviera hotel...)
4	We came here to seek shelter from the overpriced-over the top vegas strip!  The Peppermill is truly a nice oasis.  Great decor, indoor trees, friendly staff,  and affordable meals makes this place stand out.  Being just north of the now main drag of Las Vegas Boulevard, its definitley within striking distance and easy to get to.  Most dishes here are under $15 and the portion size are good.  The fact that its open 24 hours immediately made this place one of my favorite places on the strip.  I got the sampler which is quite similar to the Denny's sampler but tasty!  Chicken strips, mozzarella sticks, onion rings....yup, its a diet nightmare.  The onion rings were quite notable.  The crowd is also a mixed bag of locals, tourists and vegas characters.  Highly recommend this place when you are tired of blowing your cash on the strip!
5	Love the Peppermill! I love the old school vibe of the Fireside lounge, it is not a pounding music blaring nightclub, its a place to hang out enjoy a drink in a comfy booth and still have a conversation or cuddle!Hubby and I enjoyed a cocktail and appetizer platter was way more food then we could eat as a midnight snack!Loved the Watatini (watermelon martini) very yummy! can't wait to go back and try all the rest!Yes for the 20 something set it may seem old or not the "in" thing but we think its a great place for a date or a nice evening with your sweetie!
5	Buffets are overrated and the free breakfast at your mid-budget hotel is just cellophane bagels and hard-boiled eggs.  Solution?  The Peppermill.  It's freestanding, not buried in some casino, so you can park for free and be in the door right away.  If there is a wait, go hang out in the Fireside Lounge and have a delicious Bloody Mary.  It will quiet the demons.  Upon entering, you will see that the pink, purple, and aquamarine color scheme is so becoming when combined with the thousands of disco-ball mirrors lining the ceiling. Fuchsia neon gives the place all the warmth of a stretch limo circa your cousin's quinceanera in 1986.  The flamingo-patterned Tiffany-esque lampshades are the essence of class, as are the velour booths.  On every table is a dispenser full of rainbow sugar which matches the decor.If you think all this sounds cheesy, I want you to know that the place is in perfect condition and squeaky, crazy, pristine clean.  Yes, there is a jungle of silk plants but not a speck of dust anywhere.  It is a lovely, inviting restaurant.  If you have ever been to the Madonna Inn, you will know what I am talking about: well-maintained kitsch is like a beautiful rhinestone-bedazzled Nudie suit one is never ashamed of wearing.  The breakfast portions are enormous.  The fruit plate is more like a party platter for 12.  Two people could split an omelet and leave the table full.  The hash browns are crispy, not soggy or greasy.  These are restorative foods.  Combined with the Peppermill's professional, attentive service, you can feel your hangover receding with each bite.  I always leave the Peppermill ready for my day's events, whether sunburning by the pool, shopping in the outlets, hiding in a dark hotel room watching "Ladyhawke," gambling away my retirement savings, or braving the gridlock on the 15.  Go disco breakfast!
3	Meh.  Grabbed a couple drinks at the Fireside Lounge after walking through the Sahara (one last time) with a friend.  I guess we were making it a cheesy old Vegas kind of night.  Weird mix in that the lounge feels like it used to be a strip club, while the diner looked slightly nicer than your typical Denny's.  At least the 2 are separated by a glass door.  The couches in the lounge are cool and it one of those places were you could relax with your girl around the faux fire for a couple hours with drinks and just veg out.  Drinks were nothing to write home about.Not sure I'll be back anytime soon tho; this place was just a bit too cheesy.
4	Love the retro decor!   Love the fireplace and neon lights. The sliders were delicious, and the cocktail I ordered was very good.  Was hoping for more reasonable prices, but totally enjoyed the visit!
1	Food was good until we saw a big cockroach on the kitchen counter. Then another on the floor. The guy in the booth next to us stepped on one.
5	Not really knowing about this place, we decided to try it out. Wow. We were NOT disappointed one bit. The scorpion bite drink was HUGE and pretty pricey, but worth it for sure. I cant wait to go back this summer, and try their food..
3	This place has Fab decor. It has that old vtg vegas feel that just makes you smile. The food is very good and comes in enormous portions, I ordered eggs and had to take half of it home! It is worth the trip and the parking is so easy. My only complaint is the seating is not made for us curvy folk, anyone with a big bottom may need to ask for a chair. The tables are screwed into the floor and have minimal movement. They need a few bigger seating areas. Not size friendly but awesome otherwise. Skip the lousy buffets and enjoy this place!
4	The ambiance alone for this restaurant is a total win. Located near the more classic parts off the strip like Circus Circus and the late Stardust. The waitresses and cocktail waitress are dressed up in true diner style. The menu had a wide variety of food and from the things that my party ordered, all of it was delicious. The mushroom dish that came with the steak was phenomenal. The Peppermill also has incredibly large portions for the price you pay. If you ask for a side of fries, its in a huge bowl instead of a small plate. Although I did not drink any other their drinks they had a huge drink menu that looked great and all of them came with a scoop of real ice cream. I will have to try it the next time.
4	**this is a review of the fireside lounge**Giant pink chick drinks with 6 shots and ice cream for $18 ummmm 2 please!! Known for their Scorpion which is kinda like a Mai Tai or for people in the Northwest it is the desert version of the De-railer.  Oh man too bad this is a little north on the strip because this would be my go-to prefunk drink when I am hitting the strip but at least an option for nights at the Wynn or Venetian.  The funny thing is that Rhumbar at Mirage sells Scorpions for $46!! The place itself is pretty cool with the fireplace and big comfy chairs with 80's and 90's music videos playing. I did not have any food but they have free peanuts on the table. It is a little small and be careful not to leave the place driving because it is swarming with cops.
5	Vintage Vegas at it's best! The retaurant is cool, but the lounge is awesome!! Perfect late-night spot for couples.
4	Fireside Lounge is awesome. We sat by the fire and shared the Scorpion with ice cream. Alright maybe a bit a girlie but I can see why this was rated one of the best make out bars in Vegas. We were here for about 10 minutes before we gave in and had to snuggle the night away.
3	Nice pit but be prepared to wait! And wait! And wait...The food proportions are really large, so bring your appetite. We had a burger, philly, pancakes, and benedict. Everything was good, a little bland nothing extraordinary, in terms of taste. I had the burger and thought it was fair.. I have been there twice and both times suffered through the wait and could not take anything with me, being I don't live in Vegas...But it was my last time...give it a shot if you don't mind waiting they have slot machines and a small bar with a firepit...
3	Very nostalgic eatery.  Nothing fancy ...more like a modified Denny's.  But I had the country steak which was good and service was great.  Definitely affordable and wide selection of food for your pleasure.  Fireside lounge next door looks like a former strip bar...but it's good place to kick back, get some drinks and view one of their many LCD TV's with current and past programing on.  A must visit at least once in your life.
4	Oh yeah - now we are talking....so after a long night that had involved many of the seven sins, including gluttony, we came here at oh-dark-thirty to round off the night, as we needed some more food and drink to keep us going.Great service, great food, great fun place where it seemed like everyone had the night we had and were starting the process of recovery.I would give ti 5 starts except I had a breakfast item whose description ran to about three paragraphs - maybe it had Joe, or Francisco or something like that in the name, and I just felt i had to have an item that had a two word name and a two paragraph description on the menu.Let me rewrite the description for them : " This looks and tastes like deep fried vomit."It was truly excrable but it did not turn me off this great place.
5	Passed by this place many times but never bothered to stop by.. Until, we did a "nearby" search on my Yelp App... Mann, have I been missin' out for the last few years!! First off, the atmosphere/decor is definitely out of the ordinary and most likely inspired from a nightclub/strip club.. Disco ball glass, Cherry Blossom Trees and Neon Lights.. Interesting and totally Vegas!What will make me come back again and again:Southern Fried Steak: This was the Best Chicken Fried Steak I've ever had! Crispy, Crispy Chicken Breading, Good Thickness, Tender and So Flavorful!! The gravy was Great and just made it even better! It came with Some of the Best Hash Browns I've ever had!! Yes, this plate was a Double Whammy!! The Hash had the typical string/shredded potatoes but wider cuts and an amplified potato flavor!! The eggs, I tried their scrambled eggs and they were tastier than average and fluffier than normal. Plus, I opted with a side of White Toast. The Toast was ordinary but it came with a delicious strawberry jam. To Top it off, this entree could easily feed two starving people!!! French Toast: Another Generous Dish that came with 6 Fat 1/2Slices of Texas Toast that were Frenched up Correctly! Nice soft butter and maple syrup (not too thick) just brought it home! Traditional and Executed Right! Marinated Pork Chops: Came with 2 bone-in cuts, grilled with the nice evident checker marks and lightly seasoned with herbs and spices. Not bad but Nothing compared to the Southern/Chicken Fried Steak. This also came with a small slices of apples and sauce. The side of Hash Browns.. You know how I feel about those! This time, I went with egg whites and a bagel with cream cheese for the included choice of sides. Egg whites were Great (similar to the scrambled eggs) and the Bagel was massive and Satisfying (No, Einstein Bagel but it did the job).Dined here twice now, within a week and this place isn't around the block.. Hint, Hint.. Service both times were Flawless.. Veteran Servers: know what to say, how to say it and when to say it.. Fast service, follow-ups.. I like the Feel and Atmosphere, much different the norm. Prices are alright, they pile on the food and quality is there. I'm hooked on their Southern Fried Steak and Eggs!!! and  Hash Browns!
3	Food was good but wow way over priced!!!!!! 5 bucks for an orange juice WTF is up with that..... I can get the same thing for half the price at Denny's thank you very much..
5	Attention travellers to Vegas - this is the spot to go when you're broke, drunk, or looking for a near casino experience that won't surprise you when the bill comes.Big portions, 100% Columbian coffee, and lots of stick-to-your-ribs choices make it great for breakfast or that post-drunk meal.As others have noted - the decor rocks.  Everything classic Vegas, right down to the prices, and it's open 24 hours!
4	Whenever we visit Las Vegas we make it a point to eat at the Peppermill at least once.  Love the low celing with the neon interior, the horseshoe shapped booths, the fake(?) tree inside, breakfast 24 hours a day...  I've only ever ordered breakfast here - in the morning, afternoon and late at night - it always pleases me.
3	Ok, just to make sure you all understand, this place is on the earth solely for the purpose of helping you shovel the largest amount of food possible into your stomach. My omelette was about the size of a football.Tasty, though.
4	Everyone has already said it all.  Solid but unmemorable diner food, in a place that is divinely Vegas.It's a must-see.  Ambience is 6 stars.The rest doesn't matter much.  It's edible.  You won't get food poisoning.  Good drunk food alternative to Denny's.  Worth the trip even if it's out of the way.
4	Try feta cheese & vegetable or asparagus omelet here.  The hash browns are crispy and one of the best I've tasted. Fast service, people watching late night is entertaining, be sure to check out the lounge. It's a Vegas experience worth checking out if you are visiting town. I recommend.
4	Very good but a little pricey though. The fire in the bar area is very cool though. The food is good. Very nice place
4	There were three of us for dinner (after getting snubbed at Phil's Italian Steakhouse inside Treasure Island).The restaurant side was bright and fun. As we were three big guys, we ate at the cafe` bar. We didn't want to try squeezing into a booth. The server was friendly, fun, and knowledgeable about all the food. She even brought out one of the cooks to answer a question from the 'caveman diva' of our group (no, that was not me). My NY strip steak was really good. The shrimp scampi was okay (which is the reason they didn't get five stars). The meatball soup was great! Probably because it tasted very similar to the version I make at home. The other two people in my group also thought the food was good...including the caveman. The menu selection is huge! As much as I wanted dessert, I declined as I was stuffed.We ate on the restaurant side and I plan to go back to visit the lounge side. I would definitely come back here again!
4	The peppermill in Las Vegas is a great place for any meal.  Its portions are a little huge.
5	The Peppermill is like if Sean Connery as James Bond designed a Denny's.  It's great diner food with awesome cocktails, cheap!  The fire-pit lounge is just the best thing for wowing your friends who come in from ther parts of the country, or for getting out of the LV January cold.  The whole place is lit in purple, with all kinds of amazing floral decor. The mood is a must-stop-by and is an easy walk from the Wynn or Riviera.
4	The food is always reliable. I have been eating here for years. It can be a little pricey but if you know what you want to get you can save $$$. Massive portions here. I had the gyro sandwich with onion rings. Two pitas with gyro meat, tzatiki sauce and pico de gallo (tomatoes and onions). The onion rings are huge and tasty. My wife and daughter shared a Mud Pie was also enormous.
1	we got sat and waited 30 mins and no one came to take our order...
4	Today I went here for the first time since I was like.....7? I wonder, who ate the 70's and threw it all up in here? Fake trees, a lounge with a fire pit, pink and blue neon on the ceiling, red neon beneath the seats, tropically decorated menus.....it all reeks of a movie set for a porno from 1975. AWESOME.Okay, now I was broke. I happened to be here with friends and all I could afford was a drink. I must say though, those breakfast plates looked rather delicious. Service was rather slow however.I barely remember being here in my childhood, but after being all "eh, whatever" about it for years now I must go again. The unique tackiness of this place is so charming.
4	Wasn't my first choice, just became the most convenient option before beginning the long drive home.Have to admit, I was quite pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.  We had 2 sandwiches and both were huge portions (if anyone knows me, they know if I say they are huge...they are) and delicious.  we had a hot pastrami sandwich and a french dip with straight horseradish.  Home made onion rings and a delicious red potato salad completed the meal....wasn't exactly ready for a 5 hour drive after we finished...a nap would have been preferred...but i was due at work in 6 hours hahaService was friendly and efficient refilling my coffee about a zillion times in preparation for the drive
4	Well, when you ask anyone native of the area where to get a good breakfast outside of all the casinos in Vegas EVERYONE says The Peppermill. Tacky 50's diner feel with a 70's disco themed decor it's lemme say.....quite "interesting to the eye" (haha).  Anyways despite the shocking decor upon walking in we were kindly greeted and taken to our booth. We were promptly brought waters and menu's. I ordered the egg white veggie omelette. It was great, the eggs were fluffy the veggies were sauteed and it wasn't greasy at all! As if the omelette wasn't enough it also came with homefries, fresh fruit and toast. My friends all ordered some different variations of omelettes all which looked great and they said tasted even better. All in all experience was good, food reliable, and servers were all very nice and helpful when asking them questions about different things to do around the city.
1	this place is sooooo smoky! i almost had to cancel my stay after arriving here lol
3	I really want to like this place more but the service is hit and miss. The food is good, but nothing great. It's so mediocre I don't care to write more. That said, it's worth a trip to see the history.
4	Tickety Tacky in only the best way possible.  I actually really like this place.  The neon lights reminds me of my mothers make up in the 90's.Nick the waiter was a sweetheart.  I am ridiculous in my requests sometimes, but he managed to cater to all of them.The portions are huge!   My steak and spinach salad was delicious!  The steak was tender and medium rare just as I requested.  I asked for candied walnuts in it and Nick brought me a bowl of them!  That's what I call service.Late night eats in Vegas!  I'll definitely be back!
2	Meh is the best way I can think of to describe this place. Had breakfast here last Sunday because I wanted to reminisce early visits to Vegas when I would stay on the north end of the strip and ate here.Now I remember why I only ate at Peppermill a couple of times. WAAAAYYY!!! overpriced. Food was so so, service was ok but none of it was worth the money. I only went here to avoid stuffing myself at the buffets!
5	Let's discuss the Peppermill Restaurant side first, because I feel like you have two totally different experiences in the same business depending on whether you are headed to the restaurant or the lounge.The Peppermill Restaurant--So, the decor is a little tacky---what isn't tacky about Las Vegas though???  Really???  You walk in to a restaurant and you see neon rainbow lights, slot machines, dogwood trees and waitresses dressed up in skittles colored uniforms.  The visual entertainment alone is enticing enough for me to go there time and time again.  Even the sugar on the table is rainbow colored.The food portions are humongous and I think if you are an average eater, you can get one meal and split it with someone and both of you would walk out full and content.  The food is pretty good, I wouldn't say that it's the best--but again---you're paying for the experience.  The prices are a little bit higher than an average family restaurant but, hey---someone has to pay for the electricity that's used in lighting up those colorful neon lights.  =0)  The service has always been great every time that I've gone.  So, give the restaurant side a try.However--should you decide to pass the Peppermill Restaurant up---DO NOT pass up the opportunity to experience the Fireside Lounge.  Not everyone knows, but the Fireside Lounge was actually used in a scene for the movie Casino with Robert Deniro and Sharon Stone.  Apparently, Deniro hung out there during the filming of the movie and he liked it so much that they decided to use it as a scene in the movie.  Aside from the movie trivia attached to this lounge, the experience is truly unique.  I would say that it's quite romantic and great for dates and especially a first date.  If you end up getting a little toasty around the fire on the velvet red couches, there are other areas in the lounge that offer secluded areas for private conversation.  The area is pretty dim and it's got the nightlife feel to it.  So, give it a try!!  And take a few pictures for us!!!  Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
4	Heard about this place from watching a show discussing Vegas & it's "happening" places.  Penn Jillette ( of Penn & Teller fame ( is a huge fan of this place.  So much so he has a booth & table ( I think he may of had it custom made ) in his personal kitchen.It's a busy place...tourists, locals, celebs, EVERYONE!  It's on the strip, within walking distance from allot of the hotels etc.  Definately a must is you want to experience what I call "an more upscale dive".
4	Ate in the lounge where you can only order appetizers. All I can say is that if the abundance of an appetizer is that large that I can imagine eating a full meal. Took some friends from out of town and sat by the fireside and orders sliders- didn't care for the cole slaw, wings were wonderful and good size and small nachos. The nachos had that cheese that doesn't melt and was the only reason why I couldn't give 5 stars. The atmosphere is very relaxing and the servers were very knowledgable.
4	If you haven't been here, I recommend trying it at least once.  It's open 24 hours.  Everything on the menu is always available (late night menus not required).The decor is a fusion between tropical theme and strip club.  The inside has a lot of tropical ambiance, but it is kept quite dark, with neon lights throughout.  The female waitresses are dressed in short shorts, but fully clothed on top.  It is not risque at all, so don't worry about bringing the kids (you shouldn't bring your kids to Vegas in the first place...please leave them at home, you are ruining my vacation!!!), but it's a nice sight for guys. I've mostly been here for breakfast, so I'm not sure about the lunches and dinners, but all of the breakfast items that I've tried have been very good.  My particular favorite is Munch's Breakfast.The Fireside Lounge is a bar that is adjacent.  I believe it is a full bar.  Usually a cocktail waitress walks around the restaurant to take bar orders.Peppermill is on the pricey side, but portions are very, very large to help make up for it.  2 people can definitely share one meal and both get full.This is a place I like and go to it every time I'm in LV.  It may not be for everyone, but I think everybody should try it once.Oh yeah, I almost forgot...their coffee sucks!
2	this is for the fireside lounge so my  boyfriend surprised me by taking me here so i could try a scorpion for the 1st time and it was what i expected it to be delicious but what would keep me from coming back was the service the bar tender gave us was awful. he was rude to my boyfriend for no reason we were polite and told him what we wanted and asked him before he made the drink if we could have it to-go he said yes so when we grabbed the drink he stopped us and said we couldn't take it out and had to pay for the glass did he not say it was fine for us to have it to-go before we paid for it so we ended up paying $24 for my one drink and he still expected a tip old man please your not getting shit would i go back maybe in a few years once the bartender is no longer there
5	I regret Not going here in the 14 years i lived here before i left. It looked kinda divey on the outside in my eyes. But you cant be at the same location for as long as i remember with crappy food and service. Upon walking in i was impressed with the layout. It looks funky with neon lights and plush seating. The hostess was friendly upon entering. And once seated took our drink orders rather quickly. The prices werent bad at all. And the food portions OMG. Ate at around 3 and i didnt not eat again all night besides little snacks here and there. Plus they come around and take your pictures and you can buy it if you want. Sure why not did the touristy thing for once. I shall be back Peppermill. MUAH.
5	This place is a must visit in Las Vegas. If you want to drink in a rave like setting minus the music, this is the place for you. Huge drinks, reasonable prices, and  fun atmosphere. We had a great time and I highly reccomend a visit north!
4	Well worth it!When we called to make reservations for our large group (10+) for lunch on Father's Day the receptionist let us know that even though they Didn't do reservations, you could still call ahead and get put on the waiting list before you arrived.The wait was supposed to be 30 minutes, so we called ahead about 30 minutes before we were to arrive. But it took an Additional 30 minutes for them to ready our tables we we got there. Upon asking about the delay about 15 minutes in, they let us know that 1 table had been cleared but they were waiting on a second due to our group size. Understandable.However, this wasn't wasted time since we all crowded into their beautiful Fireside Lounge for drinks.What to choose?After reading fellow Yelper reviews, I was focused on trying two things:1. The Scorpion 2. The Chicken Fried SteakThe Scorpion was a massive reddish-orange-pink monster. It created an instant buzz: What the heck is that? Can I try that? The double-length foursome of straws were like something out of "A Christmas Story." All I could hear repeated in the back of my head was "You're gonna poke your eye out!" Instant Photo Opportunity. Being Las Vegas we were able to transport it (slowly) from the Fireside Lounge to the Restaurant area for our meal.Good sweet Mai Tai flavor. You couldn't taste the alcohol.P.S. The server let us know that you can keep the Scorpion's cup (Known as a "Fishbowl") as a memento for an additional five dollars.Time to do some eating!Portions were very large. Great for sharing.The Southern Chicken-Fried Steak was amazing. Well-breaded. So flavorful. Meaty. Crispy. The kind of food you add to your "crave" list. 5/5The over-easy eggs were fluffy and delightful. 4/5The hash browns were a disappointment. Kind of soft and mushy. Next time (and there will DEFINITELY be a next time) I will have to ask for them extra-crispy. 2/5The "Can I try a bite of that? Oooh Yum!" List: Their Eggs Benedict 4/5 and also their Pancakes 4/5. I probably would have asked for more samples if I wasn't so happily focused on my Chicken-Fried Steak.Kind of difficult to get a server since it was so crazy-busy for the holiday. Servers were very nice and attentive once you flagged one down.This is now one of my must-eat Las Vegas destinations. Yum.Sincerely, Michael
5	The Peppermill is always awesome!  Its right next door to the Riviera which is usually our home base.We went there late night last night and a sudden craving for breakfast hit while I was staring at the menu.  I ordered the Lorraine omelet which had a ton of bacon, green onions and swiss cheese.  Their omelets are out of control.  They are GIGANTIC!  It was super tasty too!  It comes with a side of some awesome hashbrowns and 2 pieces of toast.  I got sourdough and it was perfect....they even butter up the bread for you too so all you have to do is apply the strawberry jelly.  I washed it down with a gigantic chocolate shake.  The wife ordered a bowl of chicken noodle soup and had some of my hashbrowns.  It was another excellent meal, and the Peppermill remains one of my favorite spots in Vegas!
4	If you crave an old school Vegas vibe, this is your place. The Peppermill Lounge is a LV institution, and has been for over 30 years. Used as a backdrop for movies and TV shows about Vegas, past and present, every time you go in, you'd swear you were back in Vegas, circa 1972. Dark, with cool, deeply sectioned off booth/tables, HUGE, great,  girly cocktails with 2 foot straws, cool music, neon backdrops, friendly waitresses with big boobs and even bigger hair, huge, freshly prepared apps that taste phenomenal, especially at 2 am, the Peppermill has it all. It's the ultimate cool, nightlife vibe sans the crazy Strip Tourists and the annoying energy that they always bring. You know, the energy  that screams... "I'm 21.. in town for the weekend from Cali , and I'm going to Pure!."  You get the drift. This is a place that locals haunt.  And if you are an out of towner and just happen to be here, then that's probably because some kind hearted  local took pity on you and told you about it. So enjoy. Just don't tell any other tourists about it. We thank you.
4	This is a throw-back for sure; but you couldn't ask for a better place just to hang out and chill.I have enjoyed this place both times I have been now including most recently when I was there solo.The bartenders are efficient and friendly as is the wait staff.  The drinks are well made and the food (I had the chicken quesadillas on my recent visit.) is  really good.The fire pit at Fireside is pretty cool as are the comfy, curved bench/couch seating (with pillows).  It's a place you can really kick back and enjoy your evening.  You can just kick back relax, chill, and bask in the neon glow that is Fireside.It is certainly a favorite stand-by to drop in every time I come into town now.
5	Was sent here by a former local as the "it" place to go. It didn't disappoint. Love the old Vegas vibe, the neon, the fire in the water pit, the tall Russian waitress, the prices, the drinks. Love!
4	The Peppermill is one of my favorite eateries in Las Vegas. The funky decor adds to the vibe of being in LV. It has the feel of the old school "Rat Pack" days rather than the typical Strip bigger is better style. We typically stop there for our first meal after the long drive from Orange County, or else just before we hit the road on the way out of town.
4	Can't believe I didn't know about this place until I saw it on a reality show! The wait is long but well worth it! Big portions of delicious food! Next time in Vegas you will find me here for sure!
4	If you have ever gone to Encounters at LAX, you will instantly get a similar vibe with this place.  It has a retro-look with neon lighting and faux cherry blossoms (if you ever go, you'll know what I mean).A bit of advice if you intend to eat at Peppermill... come hungry.  It's fairly expensive for a diner-like restaurant, but it makes up for it in its ridiculously huge portions for most of its dishes.  I have never seen so many people have to request take-out boxes before.I ordered a philly cheesesteak (since I wasn't actually all that hungry), which was good, but nothing too special.  My parents ordered a beef kabob (which was pretty tasty) and a walnut creek salad (which had a pesto dressing that just didn't agree with me).
3	i came here for the brunch...the place was quite unique...i like their fireside lounge because of the design and i have never seen before..the food was average..i ordered the egg bennedict and the joe special something....CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
4	Great place if you wanna feel like you stepped back into the 70s, or so my husband says. Really romantic place to have a drink. Definitely worth the visit if having fun in Vegas!
4	As a restaurant this is a three star place, but considering the history of the Peppermill, the unique old Vegas ambiance, and because this really is a diner, I went with 4 stars. For a diner, the food is pretty good. Just remember, this is not the Bellagio. This is about the nicest diner food I think I have had. Portions were huge, prices were reasonable, and there is quite a wide variety of foods to try. Chicken was kind of tough, but that is somewhat expected of a diner.I think a visit is in order simply to support a piece of vegas history. However, after you visit you might not be surprised why Vegas has redecorated since the Peppermill first opened.
3	This place brings back fond memories for me. When I was a kid, my dad and all his guy friends would meet for breakfast at the Peppermill the first or last Saturday of the month. It was my first experience of being out with the guys, feeling cool and I wish I could bring back those days. I'm here to say that it hasn't changed all that much. The waitresses are still wearing shiny nylons, but they are a lot younger than I remember, which is definitely a good thing. The food is good, the portion sizes are GIANT and you could easily order breakfast and share it with another friend or significant other. The service here was very good. Coffee cups were never empty, our waitress checked with us numerous times throughout the meal and they even had a cute gal come around and take your picture, which obviously means she comes back 12 minutes later while you have hash browns and eggs all over yourself asking "Wanna buy your photos? 2 for $29.99 or one for $14.50.") That's not such a bargain hun.Peppermill is a much better option that the hotel buffet, which at the Wynn (where we always stay) would have been roughly $35 a piece.
5	I ate there with a small group of friends for brunch on a Sunday morning. I will say that when one goes into the restaurant, one gets that retro feeling, and the ambiance like that makes the experience great. It is quite packed all the time, but one does not have to wait that long. It is a bit pricey, but it is worth the price since they do give great portions. Their regular order of a pancake is like three or four normal sized pancakes combined. It is HUGE. The food was great and I do recommend it for a great breakfast here.
5	Great Food!!  Kooky Atmosphere!!  A must-try when you're in Sin City!
1	Yes this place may have history and its 24hr operation may help keep it alive but the service just plainly SUCKS!!!! I went there for the first time on a week day around midnight because everything else was closed, no waiting line, not too busy, it took three different servers to take our order and get our food (3 ppl)  about 45 minutes or so later. Oh, the corona beer I ordered took the waitress from the bar 40 mins to come back and let me know she forgot to order it. Hmmm, classy? NOT!! Save your money and go to Dennys instead, they may not have the neon hype and fake trees but their service is waaay better!!
3	I don't really understand the hype of this place. The interior is dark and dingy (borderline tacky) and the food isn't all that great.Usually when you are slightly intoxicated everything tastes GREATTTT, however when I took a bite into my steak it was just meh.I really don't know what else to say other then I didn't find the food or atmosphere all that special.
4	Interesting place on the strip! I was surprised at how clean it was! We went for Sunday morning breakfast and really enjoyed it! The eggs are nice and fluffy and the homefries are awesome! Juicy blueberry muffin, unlike no other in Vegas! Must try if you live in town or just visiting!
5	I had heard of this place from multiple people and then saw it on an episode of Drinking Made Easy. So when my wife and I were in Vegas, we decided to check out the Fireside Lounge. It's a dark little bar lit mostly with Neon, there is their signature fire pit, a pool of water with fire bubbling out of it. Instead of regular tables, they have cozy little couches you sit in either next to the fire (which was a little too warm for our tastes in July) or roomy booths you can sit in. The atmosphere reminded me of a mix between a Hollywood portrayal of old school Vegas and a strip club... but not in a bad way. We both found it very comfortable and relaxing. The service was fantastic! We never went without drinks, the waitress would check on us even if she could see that we were still working on our drinks. She answered questions, was very personable and polite. This was some of the best service we had in Vegas.We wanted something light for lunch so we ordered the Crab cakes. WOW these were good! They where flaky, delicious and the sauce the drizzled on top complimented the crab flavor immensely! I would highly recommend giving them a try!We had a couple of their specialty drinks. The Blue Hawaiian, which was our favorite. It was very good, and very blue! We also had the Scorpion, which is best described as a fishbowl filled with alcohol and ice cream, it was good, but it took the two of us almost an hour to finish it and it was very filling. After we were done, we were in a little bit of misery until we could walk it off. One of the neatest novelty things this bar has is the drink guns. They can push one button on the gun and it will automatically pour the drink. It gives consistency to their signature drinks so no matter who makes it; it will always be the same. It's just neat to watch it in action.
3	Time warp back to the 1970's and enjoy large portions of mediocre food.  The Peppermill is best visited slightly buzzed and before noon (all the best drinking takes place before lunch).  This place serves food that is on par with Denny's, but I love the interior and the service.Huge menu, comical clientele and you can actually feel like you are in LV, not Disneyland or some uber resort in Dubai.  Hell yes it is tacky, and that's the god damn way it is supposed to be.  Haven't been inside the lounge, just the restaurant side for breakfast type meals and early morning drinking.
3	i came here expecting to be disappointed. as another patron put it ".. this place looks like a strip club!" i ordered the conquest sandwich and it was surprisingly tasty. can't really go wrong with roast beef, cheddar, bacon, and peppers. the bread had a nice flavor too! onion rings were piping hot and crispy. the price was very reasonable by vegas standards and the service was decent. i'll definitely be back!!
3	This review is about Fireside Lounge, NOT the Peppermill restaurant.The staff: Our waitress was friendly.  It seemed like we bothered her a bit at first because we kept moving around, but she warmed up to us in the end.  One of my friends knew the manager so she came by and helped us out too.  We didn't wait too long for anything, and we had an endless supply of beer nuts.  Everyone seemed pretty chill.  No need to impress or go above and beyond; just very casual and relaxed.  All the waitresses wore long "gowns-could-be-a-homecoming-dress".  I thought it was a nice touch.  I mean, why not right?The goods:  I'm not a heavy drinker, I just had a couple beers.  There was a complaint that the beers weren't cold so the manager put some on ice for us before she brought them out.  I had a sip of my friend's margarita on the rocks and that was pretty tasty.  Another friend ordered nachos.  They weren't bad.  It was really dark, but I'm almost positive there was mozzarella cheese on them.  Different, but not bad.  I don't think many people come for the food, and if you do, you'll  probably be disappointed.  The atmosphere: This is why Fireside has a reputation.  Firepit surrounded by water, bubbled by jets.  It's like Satan's jacuzzi.  We sat in the pit for a little bit, but there were quite a few of us so we ended up moving to a different booth.  The booths are comfortable, squishy, and I liked the throw pillows.  Lots of "greenery", helps make some of the booths more private.  I requested that we stay in a booth that was somewhat well lit and very public, Lord knows what happens in those private booths.  This is a pretty cool place, not pretentious at all.  We ended up swapping stories of previous visits to Fireside.  If you're skittish or conservative, I would recommend coming early in the evening or not at all.  This place gets pretty diverting in the late hours.  The pimps and their girls will come in and have their cocktails, and if you're lucky, there'll be a mild drug exchange going on in a booth next to you.  A lot of the transvestites frequent this joint too...I think because the lighting is almost nonexistent (jk).  They're really friendly, so be prepared to converse with strangers.  Every now and again some famous someone or other will drop in too.  Again, probably because of the lack of lighting, so they can enjoy some privacy.  There are TVs everywhere and we enjoyed the old-school to not so old-school music they played.  The Beach Boys are getting ollllllllllld, but still so lovable.  I think this is a place for an older crowd, but a fresh pup with an open mind could probably really enjoy it.We went for my going away party and I'm not disappointed.  We had a good time and we didn't bother anyone with our volume.  I would recommend this place for a casual get-together, but not if you're looking for a sit down dinner.  If you just want a place to chill, relax and shoot the shit, Fireside Lounge is a good spot.  Just be aware of your location and understand that anything can happen.  I mean seriously, it's Vegas.
4	The Peppermill is a must for a hangover breakfast or late night in Vegas. It is truly a Las Vegas landmark. I have been several times, but this most recent trip this past Sunday morning was great as usual. I have tried both the Marco Pollo omelet and the Peppermill omelet. Both were great. The highlight of this last trip to the Peppermill for me was the purchase of the rainbow turbinado sugar and sugar dispenser. I was asking the waitress about it when she informed me that I could purchase it! I WAS THRILLED! I got a 5 lb. bag of it complete with the dispenser. Best impulse purchase ever. The Fireside Lounge is also great to grab a drink while you wait for a table. The Peppermill is ALWAYS packed. Mimosas from the Fireside Lounge are on point! Must do.
5	Let's see - a fun and friendly atmosphere, large portions of delicious food, tasty drinks served by a bona fide cocktail waitress, and all at reasonable prices. What's NOT to like?!Ok, maybe the Vegas locale, on the north end of the strip and away from the more posh atmosphere of Tao and a million Wolfgang Puck spinoffs, isn't for everyone. But then again, Peppermill is right across the street from Circus Circus and right next to the Riviera, and away from the worst of the Strip traffic.My girlfriend and I went to Peppermill on the recommendation of a friend, someone who lives here in Las Vegas, always a good sign. Once you enter the place, you're immediately struck by a cunning mix of modern and retro, neon lighting in a darkened room, and waitresses in bright colours and miniskirts. We were seated quickly and immediately introduced to our waitress, who was friendly and helpful, and soon followed by the cocktail waitress, dressed to the nines in a flowing black dress but still very comfortable. She helped us choose drinks and returned with them fast, checking on us several times throughout the meal.My girlfriend got a grasshopper and I tried a Blue Hawaiian, big and fruity and bright blue - it also packed a good kick. No watering down here, I guess!For our meals, she tried the pork chops and eggs, which came with a generous portion of hash browns and a muffin, while I tried the pastrami burger with (I was delighted to find) curly fries. We finished off with an "Elegant Brownie," a positively massive dessert of warm brownie, hot fudge, and vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream and a cherry. Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection - a little bit of pink in the middle of my medium burger, eggs with just slightly runny yolks, crispy fries and hashbrowns, and a delightfully messy dessert that was plenty for two to share.And the whole meal, drinks and dessert included, came in at just about $50 all told. Not bad at all for a wonderful experience and a whole lot of great food.If you're in Vegas, you owe it to yourself...it may be a little off the main drag, but the Peppermill is well worth the trip. As for us, we'll be back!
5	Fantastic food.  Fruit plate was enormous, fresh with great variety.  Gyros were very tasty.   Decor is kind of neat with neons and cozy booths. Waitresses were very nice and had cute uniforms.  Overall, one of my very best Vegas eating experiences.   Definitely will be back again.
5	This place is a Vegas icon.  Good food, service, atmosphere, and open whenever you get there.  If you're on or near the strip, the Peppermill is an awesome retreat.
4	Love coming here in Vegas for some late night eats.
4	Now that I have found you my lovely Peppermill... I will always visit when I'm in town!One of the remaining vintage vegas landmarks, so please help this stay alive! We all know how much this town enjoy's getting rid of places. At first when you walk in the neon is confusing... strip club? restaurant? family friendly? bar? I agree with most, the atmosphere is instantly fun, and because they add the extra bonus of taking group photos of your table (for free), that makes it better. The food is all american, diner, and easily shareable, and affordable! Great for all ages, and big or small groups.The lounge has several alcove booths as well as a hot tub looking fire pit at the entrance!
4	Good food(huge portions) with decent service, but expect a long wait during breakfast/lunch hours.
4	Good classic old school diner.. nice big portions and the food was fresh. The restaurant had a nice style to it not to busy for being in Vegas on a Saturday morning.
5	LOVED this place!! I didn't eat at the restaurant as when we went there was quite a wait so we opted to sit fireside (in the lounge) and order drinks and apps.  First off the hostess and wait staff were friendly and helpful.  Our waitress answered all our questions about drinks and when one of the couples with us ordered the large nachos she recommended the small and boy am I glad she did because the small could easily feed 4-6.  The drinks were well priced and made well.  I opted for the Bloody Mary while the BF got The Scorpion (as seen on TV) - both were mighty tasty.  Our group not only had the nachos but also the BBQ sliders, ribs and the app sampler.  All were made really quick and tasted good.  There was even a photographer who came around and took group pics of us (free of charge).  We showed up around 4pm on a Friday and though the fireside table was reserved at 7pm the waitress politely notified us but didn't pressure us to leave or even move (which we did when more of our party showed up around 6:30pm).  All in all I give this place 5 stars and will be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	If you are in Vegas, you need to visit this place just because it's quirky. One foot in the door you flashback to the 70's. Neon lighting, faux vines hanging from the ceiling and Tiffany lamps at each booth. Who came up with this concept? Entertaining. The food portions are huge and you could easily split the order. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Visit the bar once you're done with your meal. It's worth a visit. Sit by fireplace. You'll be glad you did. I had a Bloody Mary. It was damn good! The great thing about the Peppermill...it's open 24 hours.
1	okay so someone recommended this restaurant. I realized that it's only in business because they take advantage of the drunk bafoons that crawl in there at 5 in the morning, settling for anything at that point, to satisfy their cravings. they use they're huge portions to try to compensate for the ridiculous ingredients they provide. just don't ever taste the nachos; we have yet to discover what cheese they used.
5	Every time I am in Vegas, it is a must that I go to the Peppermill. This is a really cool place very authentic Vegas. The ambiance is almost like you are in an 80's movie...I love it!!! Try the chicken fingers too!..so good! Side note: I feel like everything in Vegas is amazing by default because everything is open 24 hours!!!
4	Met up with some friends here the last time I was in Vegas. It was the perfect meeting place prior to a night of drinking and debauchery. We had a very large group (20+) and the servers were patient with all of us. Ordered the Country Fried Steak breakfast. Portions were huge. I got a generous helping of hash browns along with egg whites. Two huge pieces of country fried steak with sausage gravy all over. The sausage gravy actually had a generous amount of sausage pieces in it. Drinks here are made strong and do not disappoint. The look and feel of the place just screams cheesy. Reminds you of the days of old Vegas with the neon everywhere. It is nice to see that not everything has changed. If you are not in the mood for a buffet or a high end restaurant, this is the place to go. Me and my friends came here before a night of debauchery but you could also go here to recover as well.
4	Who doesn't go to The Peppermill when they are in Las Vegas?? I've had many happy times here. Falling asleep on the table while waiting for my breakfast.. lol My friend from Vegas always set out this place as a meeting place. :-) Good chance for me to grab the TEN EGGS OMELET! Heeeeheee, I always get high on protein after it. But of course I share with my buddies. Huge portion, nice employees, 24 hrs!!
4	This place looks like a pink-n-purple disco spaceship landed upon a garden and decided to serve food to the denizens of Las Vegas. It doesn't have the most amazing food I've ever eaten, but its fun atmosphere makes up for any culinary shortcomings.The service was quick and friendly, and our drinks were always kept full to the brim. Bonus points for the huge cups of coffee (at least by diner standards) and the shakers of multi-colored granulated sugar. I think everyone in our group had breakfast food and concurred that while the egg dishes were on the so-so side, the tasty hash browns and liberal portions of toast/bagels/muffins negated that.This is an excellent place to get some good, reasonably priced diner food that didn't come from a Denny's.
4	A rough in the diamond, Located on the glitz and what was once glamour the  Peppermill has been around for some time but yet it has not lost any of its classic feel.  It's great for a casual get together with friends or somewhere to grab that late night meal on your way home.They have a full menu with pretty much everything you could want and the specialty drinks are quite special indeed and will always draw attention.  I would always suggest this as a simple spot to stop and eat, or maybe crowd around the fireside lounge for some drinks and laughs.
4	I was feeling a bit ill when I came here, so I don't think I got to experience the full effect of The Peppermill. Also trying to save a bit of money, and my first day in Vegas, this place was a bit pricey for breakfast if you're A) not hungry and B) not looking to spend a lot of dough. They took our photo and gave us this "Oh so cute" little postcard of the folks at our table, trying to sell us the bigger picture for Oh, I dont' know. Fifteen bucks, maybe? Something ridiculous. The Peppermill itself was pretty awesome. It was all pink and puple and yeah, disco, very colorful. The waitresses were wearing lollipopish apron type things. The hostesses were wearing these hot little dresses that might have matched the carpet in some of the more dingy, older hotels (Riviera, Circus Circus, etc), but they somehow made it look hot. The food was in heaping portions. I actually ended up splitting mine with a friend. We got some sort of Mexincan-styled omelette, rye toast, potatoes, etc. We didn't even finish our meal. It was pretty awesome, and I'll go back sometime when I'm feeling better- And when I feel better about spending the money- Maybe when I have a bigger appetite! It definitely seemed like a novelty.
1	If you want a quick place to eat and not walk through an entire hotel this is a spot that you may like, i.e. Dennys quality.  Some gal on my SWA flight recommended this place for its steak. I should have put my headphones on and toned her ass out.Everything looked OK, quick service, huge portions THEN A GIANT ROACH heading for our feet underneath the table.  Thank God my husband saw its huge antenas and he stomped it out.  No joke, the busboy paused to watch him do it and just kept walking on.  I am terrified of bugs, but this roach was a healthy sci fi thriller type roach who ate a whole rib eye in the back before coming out to the main floor for seconds.Pay the extra $10 and go to Outback down the street!
4	Warning- this place is not in any of the big hotels and about a 5 minute drive from the "end of the strip" i.e. the Encore hotel. There used to be a peppermill closer to where I live, but it was closed and replaced with a buffet (yuck!). When you walk in you think you have turned back the hands of time and entered the 80's and ended up in Reno, NV. The decor is loud and in your face. The booths are big, black, and super shiny with bright pink lighting all throughout! I swear this place was used during the filming of some 80's mob movies- but I could be wrong!  Food wise this place is just great if you want huge portions, grease to soak up the alcohol, and prices that you probably wont find in any of the big hotels. Oh and if you are not done drinking they have a full bar to keep the blood levels low in your alcohol stream!
5	I hate to admit I first came to this place because of "Anthony Bourdain no reservations." For years I've driven by this place thinking that it looks like a Vegas rendition of a Denny's. When you first walk in, the Vegas Denny's theme still holds true with one small exception. You will notice a double glass door in the back left corner that leads to the Peppermill's Fireside Lounge. The 5 stars is solely for the Fireside Lounge and not the Restaurant. You instantly enter into a late 60's early 70's themed lounge that relaxes and surprises in the same breath. The decor looks like they actually had well kept furniture from the 70's imported through some kind of time portal and not the new furniture that is meant to look retro. I ordered the scorpion (Giant volleyball sized drink) because I saw Bourdain order it himself and our group loved it. We (my wife and myself) got it blended with the ice cream and the couple we were with got it on the rocks. Both are very tasty but I'd have to go with ice cream variety. We order the Peppermill sampler which had cheese sticks, chicken fingers, shrimp, and bruschetta to name a few. It served its purpose and tasted good but nothing too standout about it. The service was on spot and great!! Peppermill's Fireside Lounge is a must stop if you're in the Vegas area. Great for pre/post parties or even being the main attraction. Here's my advice to the Peppermill owners- Keep up the great job and don't change a thing!!!
4	The first time I came here was a few years ago. I had read that it was voted Vegas' "Best  Make Out Bar," so on our honeymoon, the hubs and I decided to give it whirl. I had read somewhere that they were known for their pina coladas. We sat in the Fireside lounge side of the place. The ambience truly does lend itself to a great place to make out... Dark, with comfy couches, coffee tables and indoor fire pits, and waitresses that wear long black gowns with a slit up to the thigh. And the pina coladas were really good, too.I couple years later, I was on a girls weekend, and we went to The Peppermill for breakfast. Huge portions, and nobody gives you the stink eye when you order a bloody mary with your omlet--it is Vegas, afterall. I had a veggie omlet, and it was awesome. Bloody marys were DELICIOUS, and I'm kinda picky about bloody marys.
5	Fireside lounge offers a great scenery and wonderful service. One of the best places to get drinks for reasonable prices. The food is also good. Try the wings they are pretty popular.
3	After seeing the reviews on Yelp and wanting a good chuckle, I was determined to eat at the Peppermill. After a L-O-N-G night of drinking and a bottle of whiskey later, we decided that the Peppermill was a good place to cure the hangover before we hit the road to go home. The food was just alright. I had the beef dip sandwich and fries. The man had the pancake special. Holly be-jezus...the pancakes were HUGE! I do have to give a shout out to our waiter although I didn't catch his name. He was super attentive and on his A-Game. Kudos. The decor is a throwback of the 70's, which is super cheezy but like I said, good for a laugh. Would I eat here again? Maybe...especially to soak up all the liquor from the night before.
4	The hubby and I were looking for a good, filling breakfast before hitting the casinos for the day, and we found The Peppermill. YUM! The decor was hilarious in itself. i could almost imagine I was on a movie or 70s TV set! The clientele on this morning was varied and several were obviously "working girls" winding down from the previous night. My French Toast platter and his omlette were both delicious and filling. Service was quick, attentive and friendly. We will definitely make this a stop for future Vegas trips!
3	The Taxi driver recommended to try this out. Cute place to try, nice decorations, unique but wasn't that impressed with the food I ordered. and you know its ALL about the food... Ordered the combo with sausages, eggs and pancakes. Pancakes are very big, comes with 3. Barely finished half of it.  Food was just Okay... worth a try just to see what its was all about...But probably wont be back.
4	I went on the internet and was looking for places to eat breakfast, when I came upon Peppermill and decide to try it. Well I'm so glad I did. it was great, the food was delious, huge and the service was great. The menu had a variety of things to choose from and the price was reasonable. I would recommen this place.
4	when i used to live in vegas, this was the joint to take dates after dinner to sip on some sexy shots of sambuca by the fire pit...now im married and took the wife there for cocktails... its still pretty cool...
4	Ate 2 meals here while we were in Vegas. Both were very good, with HUGE portions.
3	Walked in around 10am and was seated right away.  20mins later...there was a line out the door. crazy!Food: Overall the food portions were huge.1. Waffle - Huge portion with butter on top.  Nothing special.  Just a waffle.2. French Toast - 6 slices of toast.  nothing spectacular3. Veggie Omelet - The ingredients were great but the omlet itself did not hold up well meaning they added to much liquid (water, milk...i dunno what it was)Overall, the food isnt very expensive but the portions are huge.  It did lack a lot of flavor but it wasn't horrible.  It would be hard for me to recommend this place for food.  I would recommend the lounge.  It was actually pretty nice but weird at the same time.  Diner on 1 side and a sexy hot lounge on the other.
4	For white people food this place rocks. Big portions and good tasting stuff. The place looks sweet too which sets it.apart from Ihop. So give it a solid try and enjoy!
2	Huge portions. Decent food. After eating in their dining room one night, ordering take out the next night - I was told I couldn't order take out the following night b/c another customer ordered take out and didn't show up. That's like my business saying I had a customer who didn't pay an invoice once before, so I'm going to stop providing services to everybody now. You don't stay in business long with that mentality. As a side note - both times I was in there - it was 90% empty.
4	I felt like steak but didn't want to pay $60-$100 for the meal eating at a Steakhouse on the Vegas Strip. My buddy found this place through Yelp and we thought WTH....  I had a pretty large and very decent Porterhouse, the French onion soup was adequate, and the mushrooms were actually really good. Didn't touch the mashed potatoes because I didn't want to fill up valuable stomach space but they piled it high on my plate. All that food for 35 bucks? Heck yeah! The service was great. Our server Crystal was very friendly and Johnny-on-the-spot with drink refils. This place definitely makes Strip based steakhouses feel way over priced. We certainly will be going back to Peppermills
4	Hey great food and not to expensive also wonderful decor. It's down the street from the Wynn well worth cheacking out.
4	I had one of the best meals of my life at the Peppermill Restaurant.I was staying with a friend at the Riviera during RollerCon 2011, and after a day chock full of roller derby, we were exhausted and starving. We headed over to this restaurant that was close to our hotel, and after a short wait we were seated in this kitschy wonderland. There were so many things on the menu that sounded delicious that it took me awhile to decide what to order. I ended up choosing the french toast ambrosia, and it....was....AMAZING. When I read "topped with seasonal fruit", I thought there would be a few strawberries or something on top of my french toast. No, it was a platter full of french toast absolutely slathered in whipped cream, blueberries, blackberries, bananas, grapes, strawberries, cantaloupe, and honeydew. It doesn't get any better than that, folks.Our server was very nice and tolerated my friend (who always insists on modifying her menu items). We left a really generous tip. Considering most of the food in Vegas is expensive and crappy, this place is a MUST. I would definitely go here again the next time I am in Vegas.
5	I went for the first time last night.  The place has this great 80's neon feel to it, I liked it.  Music was kinda weird as it was some 80's, some newer stuff.The server was great, and they also had a cocktail waitress for drinks (kind of odd, but a beer's a beer.)  We knew we would have leftovers so we ordered the Sampler to add to the "next day meal."  It is a giant plate of fried food.  Chicken tenders, cheese sticks, shrimp, and GIANT onion rings.  If I had a complaint, it would be the onion rings are too big.  Also with the mass of grease is a few pieces of Bruschetta.  Thet were good, but the tomatoes seemed as if they had been marinating too long, kinda squishy.Dinner, I had the Ciabatta Pesto Burger.  Beef, Ciabatta bread, pesto, red onion, tomato, pancetta, fresh mozzarella, and instead of lettuce.... a crapload of basil leaves.  This is now one of the top 5 burgers I have ever had in my life.  Srsly, this burger blew me away.  The beef was "ok," nothing that amazing, but the combination of the pesto, basil, pancetta, and fresh mozzarella... you (yes, you) NEED to try this.The appetizers and service were a 4 star.  That burger makes the entire experience 5 stars.  Definitely going back.
5	I went here for the first time last weekend and only ordered the turkey burger, but it was the best turkey burger ever!!Service is great and the neon lighting made me feel like i was in an 80's movie with Molly Ringwald or something. The server's purple power spandex outfits looked like something straight out of Rainbow Brite and the outfits changed to formal evening gowns for the later shift. Pretty cool.Nonetheless, i will return someday and try more food because i'm sure it will be awesome.Forget Denny's... Peppermill is where it's at!!!
4	I went here the first time in about 1974. We went there nightly in those days. We ate in the front and drank in the lounge. Well, many years passed and my husband is always looking for things to surprise me with in Vegas. It seldom works. But he said I'm taking you to somewhere really different and when we pulled in I laughed. I hadn't been here in at least 20 years. We went to the lounge and ordered a drink by the firepit. That was fantastic. Then we ordered food and literally nothing was good. Totally inedible. So, my advice stick to drinks. I'd give it 5 stars for drinks, 1 for food, and -10 for the creeps in the parking lot. Still overall really fun.
4	This was a bright spot in the culinary adventures of Vegas.  We went for a early dinner before heading to the airport and it was lovely.  The restaurant is clean and have awesome decor---I felt like I was in Vegas eating somewhere that I should see people or that it should be 4am and I should be getting a huge breakfast after a night out at the clubs.  The restaurant had a couple of others in it (we're talking dinner at 3:45 so its even early for the early birds) but they sat everyone in places where you didn't feel like you were on top of the others.  Service was prompt, nice, informative, and thorough.  The food was great, I had a fantastic salad, and my bf had a sandwich which looked yummy.  When he realized it had bacon on it, and he doesn't eat pork, the waitress took it back no questions asked and had a new one made for him.  The manager stopped by to ask if everything was okay, and thanked us for coming in.  I would highly recommend Peppermill to anyone going to vegas for quality food, reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, and genuine service.
5	Can't get enough of this place...Come hungry as the portions are GINORMOUS!
5	I have been here before, but this was the first time for my parents. They and we absolutely love the food here. Good price and huge portion sizes. This is a great place for family and friends and the staff is also excellent. If you are in the city and need a place to eat that kind if takes you back to old Vegas, this is your stop.
4	Went over for breakfast as got tired of paying $50 at the casino. Excellent job, great pirces, and huge portions. Staff very friendly and a nice menu for any time of the day. Kind of tacky inside with the pink neon strips, but perfect for what ails you. Great late night stop too if you're looking for some food after a long night.
1	You can disregard my last review. this place got cocky and went to hell pretty quickly. 1) service sucked. After waiting 10-15 minutes just to order, the waitress had no apologies. When the food came 5 minutes after that, and was sent back 3 times, she had nothing to say about that. When I went to go pay and the cashire asked about the food I told him it was horrible and he laughed then the waitress next to him said, "ya we've been having issues with that for a while now."2) Food was tragic. cold, tastless, and off. 3) the lounge was very random.  the drinks were weak, service slow, and I never got the money I cashed out! Not coming back, ever.
4	I've been to the Peppermill quite a few times over the years. Usually for some late night grub after a night out on the strip. The food is ok, nothing amazing. Pretty standard cafe food. The portions are enormous so I often suggest sharing as an option. On this particular occasion I came just to sit with some friends and have a few drinks after work in the Fireside Lounge. This was actually my first time in that area of the restaurant. On previous trips I've usually had my fair share of drinks by the time I happened upon the restaurant. The lounge is actually really cool. It wasn't too busy and there were lots of cushy sofas to sit on around cool looking firepits. I ordered a diet soda (because I'm trying to be good on weekdays), but sampled some of my friend's Pineapple Upside Down martini, which was delicious! I look forward to another trip to this lounge for food and drinks.
4	Went to Vegas with some friends and someone wanted to check out the Fireside. We were all a little buzzed when we arrived, so my memory may be a bit hazy but it definitely seemed like a cool place. Feels very much like a throwback to a 70s lounge - but in a way like this place has been around since the 70s... not a corporate 70s themed bar.They had good drinks and comfortable couches. They have pretty waitresses who aren't slutting it up like many of the casino girls. I can't imagine starting your night here, or going during the day - this place seems tailor made for winding up here after a late night of drinking and partying, for a couple of wind-down nightcaps.
1	The waitress was short with us, no one ever came by to refill our coffees or ask us how our food was, and the food was over-priced for what it was. I order the "mediteranean" omelet, but there was nothing mediteranean about it. Granted I should have actually read the description but I just assumed olives, feta, things like that. But instead it had shrimp, crab meat (which I assume was imitation), "American" cheese and hollandaise sauce. What exactly is mediteranean about that? Definitely would not recommend this place. If you just want crappy diner food go to the Denny's next door and save yourself some money.
4	First visit and I loved it. The wife and I came in for breakfast on a Tuesday morning. The place was full, but they were able to find us a seat. We were greeted quickly by the hostess and asked if we wanted a drink from the bar. I did, so she sent over a cocktail waitress in a cocktail dress. We settled in and took in the decor. Because they were busy and I had a screwdriver in front of me, we didn't make any note of the time. My wife commented that the place looks like the back of Sammy Johns' 1973 Chevy van. Wonderfully kitschy.Our waitress took our order and made great suggestions, because I had trouble deciding what I wanted. They were excellent suggestions. My wife had a pesto chicken sandwich on ciabatta bread. I ordered Munch's breakfast.Both dishes were huge and easily could have been split between us. I dove into my plate, hash browns mixed with onions, mushrooms, peppers and linguica, topped with eggs. I enjoyed it so much that I never even asked for a bite of the sandwich. I know she enjoyed it because she kept nibbling on it even after the point of immobility. I fully understood, as I was at the same point picking out slices of linguica from my plate. I have already recommended the Peppermill to friends.
5	The Peppermill is highly recommended- even The Killers' singer Brandon Flowers and guitarist Dave Keuning, who both live in Las Vegas, like this place because it's more local, and a break from all the tourists. But I'll stop and let this interview excerpt do the talking: "Flowers and Keuning head for lunch at the Peppermill, an all night restaurant on the strip. It opened in the seventies, and it's just the kind of place the Killers dig- a bit weird, and seemingly immune from vacationing Midwesterners. "We hate big crowds," Keuning says."You can always just pop in and get a bite here. It's a cool place." Eating their salads and runny egg specials, Keuning and Flowers stick out among the Peppermill patrons, most of whom are dressed in tees and tank tops. Flowers wears a cream colored, fake alligator skin jacket he got in London: Keuning is in a shiny gray vest and Dior aviators. But no one bothers them or even seems to recognize them, and you sense that's one reason they like places like the Peppermill. Especially Flowers."So go on, maybe you'll even spot Vegas' most famous rock band...http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
4	After a very long wait we were pleased to see generous portions. Had a burger and gyro, overall pretty good. Service was a little lacking but they were slammed so understood. Breakfasts are definitely big enough to share!
3	Be sure to share your plate, the portions are like Cheesecake
4	Solidly good quality food. One of the few things i truly miss about living in Vegas is the Peppermill.
5	Sitting fireside with a big ass foo-foo drink is something I have now checked off my bucket list. Yes, I have always wanted to get all swanky-like and enjoy a huge cocktail over some comfortable conversation while lounging on vinyl. I did it here and it was friggin' epic.
5	Definitely a good place to get drunk food.. I like the fire-pit side.
4	Every time I visit LV I have to have at least one late night breakfast here.  2 years ago I asked one of the local taxi stand workers where to go and get something to eat after leaving the club.  He named a few places and then I asked, "where would you go?" He said to the Peppermill and I've been sold every since.  The service has always been nice, quick and courteous.   I can't suggest too much from the menu because I'm always ordering the steak and egg breakfast. Very good for the price.I would highly recommend this place.
3	was quite disappointed at first because they only have ONE fireside pit. I thought this place would have many since that's what they do advertise to consumers. Second, wasn't a big fan of the laid back ambiance. Wanted something more upbeat.Other than that, this is a great place to go to if you want to get away from all the clubs and strip bars on the strip. It's very relaxing - comfy & large couches, chill music, and good drinks. I ordered the scorpion and it comes in a huge bowl mixed with various alcohols!
4	Nice place to get a reasonable price meal in Vegas. I stop by everytime I'm here in Vegas. The service is immpecable and the waitress uniforms are a plus side..
4	I loved the atmosphere!  The food was very tasty and I really enjoyed my meal here after taking a break from a long day at a convention.
3	Peppermill, ah peppermill. Not quite sure what kind of a theme they were going for here, but it definitely screams tacky. The menu is reminiscent of much pricier Denny's or Norm's, but the sizes are at least considerably larger.  Service is just alright, nothing to write home about. In fact I think the waitress forgot my friend's eggs. Eggs, how do you forgot eggs when it's the most common denominator in each menu item. I ordered chicken fried steak and eggs, and split that with my buddy who got ribs. Yep ribs. So many it isn't just a glorified denny's after all. Oh and who needs alcohol when you can get a tall cup full of hot cocoa with a heaping shitton of whipped cream. Hmmmmmm whipped cream on top of more whipped cream.The chicken fried steak was decent, eggs and taters were done well. The ribs were disappointing. Meat wasn't tender at all and it was swimming in bbq sauce. Probably to mask that concrete-textured meat. And it came with fried rice. Like chinese style fried rice. What the heck was going on with that?I was told the eggs benedict were good. I can't comment cause I'm generally not a fan, and therefore didn't bother to try it.  I also didn't get to check out the highly acclaimed club part of the diner. LOL. Firepits and loveseats.  Maybe I'd give it a higher rating if I had checked that area out.Bottomline, not bad for late eats, but a bit heavy on the wallet.
5	OH EM GEEEEEEEEE!!!!PEPPERMILL HAS THE BEST BREAKFAST IN VEGAS!!!The portions are huge and your food comes out pretty quickly.I have a pleasant experience every time I visit.The wait can get crazy so it is best to arrive early.I'm not a fan of the mimosas, I think they're too strong...not sweet enough. Something's off!When you come here they'll offer to take a picture of you while you're seated. Its free to take the picture but its costs to actually take the picture home which is not surprising! Cool place, definitely try!!!
4	Nice 24hr place to eat on the vegas strip. I got the philly cheese steak. It was really good. They give you a large amount of fries here.
5	What is not to love about The Peppermill. Old school Vegas deco, massive portions and open 24/7. With all of the great places to eat in this town I eat there , at least, 3 times per visit. The food is great and you get plenty of it. The country fried steak is the best I have ever had and is almost too big to finish. Beverages are served by attractive women in long black gowns and one of our servers was good looking enough that I wanted to order a case one beer at a time. The lounge portion is ultra cool and definatly designed for couples with a fire fountian in the middle of a booth....yes it was in the movie Casino! I usually stay at The Riv which makes it staggering...uhhh walking distance on those late night early mornings.If you have never been try it because you can't say you have been to Vegas without hitting The Peppermill.
4	My dinner was wonderful there, but alas it was the Fireside Room that made the overall experience beyond awesome.  What a nice place to hang with friends and strangers alike.  The atmosphere is intimate.  The staff is quick to help you, and time flies while one is having fun there.  Hands down I wish we had something like the Fireside in the Twin Cities.
5	5 stars for being the best breakfast spot in Vegas...seriously why have I never been here before?I was warned of the harsh purple and neon lighting before I walked in, but I kind of enjoyed it more than hated it. This place screams Vegas. I pieced together my meal, side of scrambled eggs, side of hash browns and a fruit platter. Portions were ridiculous. The eggs were freshly scrambled, the potatoes nice and crisp. A bottle of cholula on the table makes me happy, who needs tabasco?!?Friends all loved their meals. Giant stuffed feta cheese omelets and a big bowl of what looked to be everything in the kitchen scrambled and topped with fried eggs. I heard the bran muffin was pretty tasty as well.Service was great and very reasonable prices.
4	Pyrotechnicality never underwhelms me. Light a match, and I'll show up. Set me before a 1970's liquid fire pit, and I'll bring friends. It's really all about the fireside lounge for me _ and the same should hold true for you if you go to the Peppermill. That is only if you've got a smoke and mirrors sense of humor and some velvet-covered disco fries left in the frying pan of your soul kitchen.
5	Great hashbrowns and amazing biscuits and gravy! Great place for breakfast and to chill out.
4	Amazing, tasty portions and good prices! I thought it was a bit overpriced for breakfast ($30 for an omelet, coffee and OJ) but well worth it. If you have an appetite and don't mind the pricing, visit this hidden gem!
5	Visited the Peppermill for a late lunch around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. Dining solo so I avoided the wait for a table and walked right up to counter seating. For some reason, even though I'm no one special, the shift supervisor waited on me personally and the service was excellent. I got the turkey burger with sweet potato fries, and it was both large and tasty. Love the ambiance and neon lighting. I'm Generation X-er, so anthing that reminds me of a Brat Pack movie is going to sit well with me. Don't forget to check out the Firepit Lounge, located just to your left as you walk in. Totally different atmosphere but just as positive. Perhaps a somewhat slower, more laid back pace. Enjoyed this place and will definitely be back.
4	Thank you Anthony Bourdain. I get this place. I am now a fan for life.
4	Getting straight to the point the food here is absolutely amazing and we will definitely visit here again when we are in Vegas. Just a little background...This was our 1st trip to Vegas and we visited the Peppermill based on a suggestion from my husband's co-worker. When we first walked in, the cheap decor and tacky waitresses caught my eye. There were a few of slot machines (of course) crammed in a small corner, neon lights, cheap plastic plants, and waitresses wearing orthopedic shoes. Because the Restaurant sells drinks, they have a "cocktail waitress" who was dressed as if she were going to the prom (on a budget). We were finally seated after waiting 45 minutes, it was Saturday around noon, so it was to be expected. The service here was not good. The waitress was unattentive and forgetful, however the food is THE BOMB!!!!!! I ordered to Lorraine Omelet and my hubby ordered some sort of scrambler. The food was seasoned to perfection and the portion sizes were ridiculous. I literally ate on my food for 2 days and wound up throwing it away. I ordered a pancake on the side and it was literally the size of a 20' rim.If you are looking for great food with large portion sizes, this is the place. Although the service sucks (the lady at the checkout counter practically ignored us for a couple of minutes when we were ready to pay our bill), they make up for it with their food.
5	This long standing restaraunt never fails.  Every thing was cooked correctly from perfect eggs to crispy hash browns.  It has a booth for every table,just classic Vegas
5	Here is a hidden gem on the Las Vegas Strip. It is on the North end across the street from Circus Circus. It provides excellent food with large portions and a cheap price. The inside is like stepping back into time for a while. They have the typical diner look, but with a Vegas twist. The best part of this place is the lounge in the back. The Fireside Lounge is a great place to start your night or end your morning. The fountain in the middle of the indoor lounge has fire coming out of it and you sit very comfy couches next to it. If you can't find a spot next to it you can plop down in any booth that is open. They have great prices and great service. I work in the hotel industry and suggest this place to everyone.
4	Go there - large portions, fun older "Vegas" atmosphere.  The next time we visit Las Vegas, it's definitely on our food agenda.
5	Fireside Lounge is another world, and I want to live there. I started or ended up there FOUR nights out of four last time I was in town. This is an especially awesome experience if you are staying at the north end of the Strip - Stratosphere, Riviera, Circus, etc. I recommend the bottles of cheap bubbly, ordered several at a time.
4	Laid back good food cool waitress Cheap I'd go back was here 12/8/11
4	We ate here on 12/10/11 around 6pm. Gave this place 4 stars because the prices for some of the dinner entrees are outrageous, in my opinion, but I realize the portions might make up for that. My husband got the gyro sandwich that came with onion rings (huge onion rings), I got the turkey burger which came with sweet potato fries (and lots of it!) and my son had the kids meal pancakes with sausage (the pancake was humongous).  The highlight of my meal was the turkey burger. I think that was the biggest,  juiciest, best tasting turkey patty I have ever had. Yes the decor is cheesy and out dated but my son was in love with all the neon lights and my husband was in love with all the short skirted waitresses and massive cleavage of the cocktail girl.
2	Meh. A little on the greasy side. Went for breakfast and the portions were ginormous. The food was decent, on par with Denny's or Coco's, aside of the huge portions. I'm a fan of the large coffee mugs though.
4	THE Vegas diner experience. When it's 3am and looking for a Vegas-style late night dinner, this is the spot to go.Neon? Check! Mirrors everywhere? Check! Free souvenir photo? Check!Portions are huge and the menu is very extensive, and really, when you end up here at 3am, all the food will taste like Bobby Flay was in the kitchen.Loved it!
5	Our new favorite place in Vegas! Vintage Vegas ambiance, delicious food (huge portions), crazy 70s interior decor. And next door at the Fireside Lounge there's a liquid fire pit and either music videos or sports on dozens of TVs all around. Bonus trivia: Joe Pesci stabbed that dude in the neck with a pen here in "Casino".
5	This lounge/restaurant is typical Vegas. If you come here, definitely sit down at the lounge with the fireplace. Just that is an attraction in and of itself. The place still retains the old school Vegas feel. We came here on an off night so it was relatively good with minimal herding. They will take complimentary photo's so ask about that. Will definitely come back to this place on a Friday or Saturday night.
4	A new favorite hotspot in Vegas! Their food is decent, but their real claim to fame is that fabulous firepit with waitress service. Sipping a mai tai or bloody mary sitting fireside was a wonderful experience with a great group of friends. I could have sat there all day. Check it out after grabbing a bite, since the lounge doesn't have a full menu like inside.
5	the food is surprisingly delicious! not your typical diner like dennys or cocoshuge portions. flavorful. friendly staff. clean environment.pina coloda was delicious! drinks are decently price as well as the food. you won't feel ripped off. gotta love the old school vegas with neon lights.i will be back!!
4	Great late night spot for breakfast. The bar area looks like a pimps house...haha. Maybe this was my true taste of old Vegas. O yea, dont ask the person taking pictures at this place any favors like taking a picture with your camera instead of his so you dont have to pay....just ask the waiter.
4	I've eaten here twice now and both times it has been great. Drinks are huge, food is excellent and service is good. Reasonably priced too. Love, love, love the kitchy, classic Vegas experience it offers too. Romantic circular booths and the fire pit in the bar make this a fun and romantic place for me and my honey when we are dining on the Strip.
5	Looking for the quintesential Vegas dining experience on a reasonable budget? Your buck should stop here! This place is sooooo old Vegas it's worth a trip in itself! Typical diner food on a large portion scale with their signature dishes including such (somewhat healthy) items like their western fruit plate which is about two pounds of assorted fruit with a nice loaf of banana bread which is served with marshmellow butter/sauce! YUM! their bloody maria's are excellent and if you'd rather hang by the fire they have a lounge attached that has TV's and sunken living room seating with a fire pit. The interior of the entire facility is adorned with mirrors, obnoxious neon lighting and fake trees and plants! Devine old Vegas style! The Peppermill should also win your love because unlike most of our city that has changed, died or evolved over time the Peppermill has stood strong as a staple here in Vegas for many, many, many years! A final FYI: It's also an excellent place to people watch at 3am
5	Came here for breakfast and this place is awesome! My group didnt order anything else, we had the omelette.  That IN ITSELF is amazing!Ho ho ho!  I dont think they make more creative and tasty omelettes.  Forget the IHOP, DENNY'S OR HOTEL OMELETTES! This place has out of the world, big and tasty omelttes.  My group had mediaterranean, veggie and this meat sauce one.  All tasty, good, blended well.Food here is tasty... and slightly pricy, but worth the while.  Great ambiance too!
4	So...came to this joint per recommendation of Holly Madison's Twitter feed...Unfortunately she wasn't there the time I showed up. Ha! BUT I have to say I was really surprised by this place. Such a funky, cool Vegas spot. Yes all the other reviews are right. Very Kitsch and lots of neon and mirrors and the fireplace in the middle of the restaurant is pretty cool. TIP: when you walk in you have to go to the bar/lounge area to the left for this stuff. There is a main eating room/diner area to the right when you walk in. GO LEFT to the lounge. You can still get great diner food and big drinks in there.  I did feel like the place could have been a strip club at some point. I kept looking to see if there was some remnant of a stripper pole in there somewhere but couldn't find it. Never researched the history on this joint so who knows? Anyway, I love finding weird fun and funky spots outside of "The Strip" and this one definitely one to visit.
5	It's awesome that the tackiness of this place is so upfront. The plastic plants aren't off in the corner, they're dangling off the tops of the booths right in your face. Excellent. We had about 30 min. to wait to be seated, so we played some video blackjack in the lounge and had some screwdrivers. Ended up winning enough to cover our monster breakfast. I had the Marco pollo omelette, my wife had the eggs benny and we barely touched the massive serving of hash browns that accompanied both dishes. Service was very friendly from the lounge to our server to the cashier. Will make this a regular Vegas stop.
5	This place is the Mecca of diners, lined with chrome and neon lights this is the what all diners aspire to be.  I love the peppermill, because it is classic vegas.  Despite having not much for me to eat as a vegan, I still loved the atmosphere.  I had oatmeal, which was massive, so I can't speak to the food.  They have a good list of cocktails that are decent prices.  The fireside lounge is awesome, has a firepit and the ladies are all in black evening gowns.  This place is a must for everyone to visit at least once.
4	Great breakfast joint. Shared an omelet with a side of hash browns, a bagel and cream cheese and coffee for two all for under @20. The omelet is massive, almost could not finish with two of us indulging.Sat at the bar as the tables were full. The place was popping on a Thursday morning, right before NYE. Chose this place cause it was just across from the tix 4 tonight booth. Service was a bit slow, but we didn't care. Waitress was amusing.
4	A little pricy, but the food is very good, with large portions. Nice atmosphere.
5	Whenever the boyfriend and I can't compromise on one restaurant or just have no idea what to eat but just know that no one wants to cook tonight it's off to Peppermill we go.I've pretty much had most of the salads, soups and a handful of the sandwiches.  My favorite thing off the lunch/dinner menu is the tomato and mozzarella sandwich.  Oh my gosh, thick foccacia style bread, buffalo mozzarella, fresh tomatos, drizzled with balsamic and basil served with a side of fresh fruit.  Yum...I just started drooling thinking about it.  The last time we went I got the steak and mushroom salad thinking it would be a mixed green salad with mushrooms and a couple slices of steak.  No sirree this was the entire piece of meat teetering on a bed of greens.  Granted it wasn't Meyer's Ranch's finest but still for $13.95, holy cow!Let me not forgot about the most divine part of Peppermill: their breakfast which is served 24 hours.  Of course I've had it at normal hours as well as after leaving the club at 4 AM but the pinnacle of it all is weekend brunch after some hard partying.  Prepare for a 45 minute to an hour wait for a table but so worth it.  Their french toast is melt-in-your-mouth, the eggs benedict is the best classic version I've had in Vegas and their omelettes are too die for and big enough for 2-3 people to share.  Don't forget about their Bloody Marys which are the size of a vase (Rock star tip:  Order an extra shot to ease the transition back to the daylight).I was torn between 4 and 5 stars because with so many 5 star dining places in Vegas, Peppermill is not the most innovative but I just have to give Peppermill the benefit of the doubt and go with 5 because honestly it is just so d*** good.
5	My wife had eggs benedict that were okay.  I had the Marco Pollo Omelet with a bagel.  It was delicious.  I had to take half of it home, and I usually eat a lot.
5	The Peppermill is a Las Vegas classic. Fantastic breakfasts, delicious lunches, and an atmosphere that is truly unique. The restaurant is often crowded, and it's not uncommon to have to wait for a table -- but don't let that dissuade you. Time spent waiting in the lounge -- whether at the bar, in a comfy booth or around the great open fire -- is a definite highlight of the Peppermill experience.
4	This was the first time in a long time that I've been here.  I love this place, the only reason I quit going was because they had it so cold in the fireside lounge area, that I felt like I was in Alaska....But went there to meet my relatives!  And it was very comfortable.  So it felt good to get that famous Scorpian!  It was awsome.  The admostfere is great for hanging with friends!
4	In Vegas besides gambling, drinking, partying, there's a lot of good places to eat! Saw this place as me and my bf was passing by to go pick up his friend and decided to come back to this place and eat for lunch! There was a wait list and it was cool that we got to hang out in the fireside lounge and get some drinks while waiting in a dark, mysterious lounge by a fire that was surrounded by water. In a way this diner was a bite too dark and it pretty old school retro. I mean it is a diner and at least they did something interesting about this place lol. After our wait was over we got seated, there were fake trees surrounding the booths and was not as dark as the lounge area. Me and my bf split the Joe's San Francisco Special after asking the waitress if the food portion is share able and she said yes so we just shared it. OMG the food portion size is huge! Good thing we shared because it was also so filling that we could not even finish it.... The food itself was interesting it seems to be it could of been scrambled eggs with spinach , plus some pork sausage on the side, with hash browns, and all covered on top like a nacho cheese sauce but instead its all layered in the dish as one whole meal!  It was quite yummy! Will come back here again if I come to Vegas again!
4	It's a great step back in time. The place is a romantic diner (believe it or not). I also liked it because most of the people in there like to dress, if you know what I mean. Having great drinks didn't hurt. If you ever come to Vegas...... Check it out.
4	This place was great, from the couches to the sunken fire place. We spent a couple fo hours in there before we knew it.
2	The best thing about going to the Peppermill was that I could cross it off my "To Try" list.  Maybe we caught it on an off night?  We went at dinner time and the place was full.  I had breakfast as that was recommended to me by friends.  Pancakes were horrible.  Dry, crumbly and unsaveable even with a dousing of syrup.  Two cute little pieces of bacon cowering in a corner of the huge plate.  The friend across from me had the chicken fettuccine alfredo.  Two dry, overcooked pieces of chicken sitting on a pile of pasta and sauce that was at the point where you could stand a fork in it.  With proper fork placement you could have lifted at least half if not the whole serving of pasta at one time.  Had to go back to the Cal and have Chili rice.Well, lesson learned.  Peppermill, Check!
5	The omelet I ordered had 12 eggs in it. It was huge! The place is full of color glitz and glam. Huge bar with a fire pit and lush carpeting and drapery. This place is fun exciting brilliant and very delicious tasting. I absolutely loved the atmosphere and I would recommend this place to any beauty that wants fun food. It's a  hangover's dream. Full bar and hot wait staff. Pink electricity. The lights throughout glowed as I ate. Fast pace food finders dream. Love the DINNER. amazing, UPSCALE VEGAS FEEL.
4	this place is great. came here about twice now. food is exceptional. i got the nachos and some friends got very different entrees. i am a nacho fan and these nacho were really good. not to mention the size of these things. i love the rainbow sugar they have. i think i consumed a bit too much. the second time i tried this place. it seemed like the prices went up and the portion size got smaller. probably the only reason why i have not gone back. oh wells, this place is good. would recommend for first timers. its a fun place to be.
5	Just wow Peppermill.  You had me at Hello.   Peppermill is an institution in Vegas.   Walk in here and you walk back in time. There is no question about where you are - 1970s. Vegas.  Neon lights.  Crushed purple velvet.  Mirrors. Vintage waitress outfits.   Worries left at the door.  Yuppp, this place is da bomb.  Our friends who are locals brought us here, and good thing they did because I never would have found it, even though I Yelp and read Chowhound extensively.  Actually we walked by it a few times (we stayed at the Hilton about a block away) and I did wonder what the story was with the place...there is something so non-descript and mysterious about it.  Curiosity solved - we came for breakfast on Sunday morning, whole place is packed with a crowd waiting at the slot machines. Wait doesn't take long though. Look around and everyone is drinking  Bloody Marys.  I had the Tequila Sunset and French Toast with fruit and boysenberry syrup - delish! My husband had the chorizo eggs with refried beans, also very good.  Overall, Peppermill is a great diner and the quintessential Vegas experience.  I'll definitely be coming back here on future trips to Sin City.
4	Located in between the Riviera and the newly built construction of Echelon Place along the Vegas Strip. This restaurant will take you back to the retro age. A 70's neon vintage diner, which includes purple velvet booths completing the groovy vibe is the Fireside Lounge/Bar in another part of the establishment. Where else can you find a circular fireplace? Let's just say this is a stationary limo where the choices of specialty cocktails are abundant.As awesome as the ambience is, let's get down (no pun intended) to the real reason this place is a must in spending time in Vegas. The food is great. Wide selection, huge portions (A-muuuur-ri-cuh), and ridiculous affordable prices. "They" say that Vegas is a  24 Hour town, but that is sooo wrong, especially when you're in the city with friends and pull a Strip Crawl and need something to sober you up at 3 or 4 in the morning. Peppermill is open 24HOURS!!!! If you're on a budget this is the place to go to indulge.
3	Walking into the Peppermill is like walking into an alternative universe. It has the old school Vegas feel with the neon lights. The food is diner food with big portions. The boyfriend and I had a burger and a caprese appetizer for lunch and pretty much didn't eat for the rest of the day. I wouldn't come expecting great food but it's a place to stop for drinks and to take in the atmosphere.
4	Delicious breakfast and u can shop at Ross next door right after where u find amazing things!!!! But yes delicious breakfast served with a minchilada at 10am!! But can get very busy so be prepared to wait besides that nice atmosphere nice waitress and good food! Just didn't get that last star because the sausage links are very big and undercooked :(
1	Bad experience. I was excited to eat at a Peppermill as I used to love the one in Concord, CA. Either things changed or this is not a good restaurant.I walked in and was seated at the counter (per my request). Although the spot was not cleaned, I assumed it would be soon. The waitress came, after a longer than average wait upon arriving, took my drink order, and left to give me time to decide what I wanted. Five or so minutes later, she returned to take my order. I saw her again once my food was ready and she looked at the spot in front of me with a look like "where should I put this (as no one came to clean the counter). So I said "well I guess I'll sit over here since no one is going to clean this" and sat in the empty space to my right. She looked at me with the 'deer in the headlights' look and said "oh, uh, sorry". She set my food down and I didn't see her again until she breezed by to drop off my check. She had time to chit-chat to another patron (an obvious regular) but not to see if I needed anything (like a drink refill). Just as I am ready to leave to pay, she then notices my empty glass and asks if I need a refill.The food was mediocre but no where near what it used to be, and the fries were barely luke warm.I paid, left her a low tip but still more than I should have, and left. The spot I originally sat at had never been cleared. My first and last visit here. I can get better service and food from Denny's........and I hate Denny's!
5	Old school Vegas, 24-7 hours of operation, neon, 80's music blarin, and BTW, this is a diner.  Great breakfast, lunch menu with HUGE portions. Bonus=indoor fire pit and lounge seating in the back bar. LOVE this place. This makes hitting the dreaded Las Vegas strip (tourist trap hell) worth the meandering in. Think the movie "Casino" and you have a true mental image.
4	Imagine Denny's with portions twice as large, food quality a little better, and a decor that is totally fun, old school, 80's Las Vegas. Oh, and add pretty servers in short skirts.  This place is 5 star fun with 3.5 star food.  Definitely a good deal and a great place to sop up the booze with a big, late night breakfast.  Don't forget to take a peek at the fireside lounge before you go.  It's fun too.
4	During the cab ride in from the airport I asked the driver if he had any restaurant recommendations. He suggested Peppermill and described as a Denny's on acid. I thought he meant that you would have to be on acid to go there at first but then kept hearing other people suggest it as the best place to fill those late night cravings. Finally I made it over there and was I happy about it. It had the perfect late night laid back dinner feel to it. The staff was friendly and the food was decent. Definitely worth heading back!
4	I came here on my sister's recommendation and I was not disappointed. The prices were a bit steep but that's to be expected on the strip. The burger was good, but beware because the portions are pretty big!!They have small booths (good for about 4 people). The wait was a little long but the waitress was super nice! I want to try some of their breakfast foods since their burger was pretty good.
4	Sit by the fire sip on a drink and cuddle by your honey!
3	For me, the Peppermill was just ok.  Maybe it was my choice in food, maybe it was the fact I was about to go get a tattoo, and that was on my mind, but either way, this place didn't WOW me.  Happened upon this joint based on a recommendation from a co-worker.  We went on Valentine's Day for lunch.  Loved the decor- the funky old school vibe was neat.The coffee was big and excellent.  We shared the tomato soup which was surprisingly cheesy and very good.  In addition, we shared a chicken balsamic sandwich, which was fine, but nothing special.  The onion rings it came with were good, but nothing different than your typical onion ring.  The service was just so-so... had to ask a couple times for water, but it was super busy so that was understandable.Basically, not sure if I will go back again- maybe to check out the fireside lounge, but for me it really didn't rock my world.
5	Good stuff! Big portions! Great service!
3	Decent diner fare in ample portion, though desperately overpriced (e.g., $7.50 fruit cup).  My chorizo & eggs was delicious.  Best time to go is what anywhere besides the Las Vegas Strip would consider normal weekday breakfast hours (e.g.,Monday 7:30am).  Otherwise, can be quite a wait.
4	We went here for breakfast on 27-Dec 2011 and were greeted by a loooong queue. That's always a good sign - a place has to be good if there are so many people willing to wait for the first meal of the day! Fortunately, there were a couple of seats available at the counter, and we asked the hostess if there was a queue for that. Nope!! So we just walked straight in and it was the most awesome feeling in the world - jumping a queue of about 30. HahaAnyways, on to the food. GIANT portion sizes. I am a ravenous beast in the morning, and I could only make through half of my Marco Pollo Omelet and the monster portion of hash browns. My husband ordered the french toast, and got 3 (or was it 4?) huge slices with a mound of fruit on top. The food was not uniquely delicious, but it was satisfying. All in all, we left happy and content.We will definitely return whenever we visit the sin city next!
5	This is a Las Vegas MUST!  The Peppermill is the BEST breakfast place I have ever visited!  It's very busy and there is a good reason for it, it's worth the wait!  If you are over 21, you can start the morning in the lounge. It has the "Old Vegas" feel to it.  They have a round fire place in there with a blue flame that you can enjoy your morning Mimosa at. You just have to see it!  For breakfast, try the fruit waffle fantasia or french toast ambrosia.  They are both amazing!  If you love omelets, try the Spinach, Feta, Provolone, Tomato, Artichoke one. OMG....the best ever!  I come home and fantasize about it....seriously!  The location is next to the Riviera and across the street from Circus Circus!  Enjoy!   Amy
3	Me and my aunt came here while visiting vegas and wanted to eat at this location, now it's really weird for me when I went in here, because everything is PURPLE!!!, the food was OK, not the best we ever had, but just OK, the servers wear clothes like the women wear clothes in the RIO on the casino floors, I would personally never come here again because of the food, not worth it to me. needs improvement on the food part, but the servers are SUPER friendly. I give 5 stars on the customer service.
4	Excellent food. The prices were good for the amount of food received. I would have given 5 stars but wait time to be seated on Sunday afternoon seemed long and service was a little slower due to having so many guests.
5	This place is so fantastically representative of gaudy Las Vegas!!!  I am so so so glad my husband shared this gem with me.  We went there on 2/25/12, sometime around noon-ish.  The decor is this strange mix of neon lights and faux exotic plant life (think blooming cherry trees and birds of paradise).  And the Fireside Lounge is too awesome for words.  We put our name in for a table, then went to the properly dark & swanky lounge to enjoy a couple Bloody Mary's.  It was the perfect place to zone out while sipping our tasty beverages as we continued to wake up from our very late night playing poker at Bill's Gamblin' Hall.  Once we got seated, I ordered the Feta & Vegetable Omelette.  It was scrumptious!!  It had spinach, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, and provolone cheese on the inside, with crumble feta and tomatoes sprinkled on top.  The portion was easily large enough to serve two people and I could only eat half of it (that's a bummer, as I don't like wasting food).  PLUS, that half omelette with its usual breakfast sides were so filling that I just had a Nathan's hot dog later and was good for the rest of the night.  The service was also great, with our friendly and helpful server Jennifer.  Please do yourself a favor and have breakfast here at least once the next time you visit Las Vegas!
5	This place is now on my schedule of places to have breakfast in while I am in Vegas. I don't know how I had never wanted to try this place out.. This place is a must. Good food, big meals. And not too pricey.
3	We came here for a late dinner last night. I was pleased to find out that they served breakfast all day.  I had pancakes, eggs over easy, bacon and sausage.   My husband had chicken fried steak, eggs over easy and hashbrowns and a bagel.  Serving sizes are huge and things are overpriced.   Our waitress wasn't great and not very attentive. I felt like she kept forgetting about us.   For food alone, I would have given them a 4 but the service is why I gave them a 3.  The decor in this place is hilarious.
4	Great place for traditional greasy breakfast. Large portion as well.
5	This place is so cheesy it's awesome. Food and drinks are great but can get pricey. The service is always top-notch.
5	The best hot wings ever! Burger was also great. They even made my 10 year old son his own pizza which isn't even on their menu. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I totally LOVE this place! The art deco flamingo lampshades gaudily clash with the mirror mosaic ceiling tiles, pink and purple neon lights and purple and turquoise seats (are they made of velour?!). There are fake trees and plants. The waitresses are dressed in brightly colored short dresses. What is not to love? The menu is varied with many breakfast or dinner choices. My southern fried steak was the best I can remember having. Ever. And I'm from TX. We went with friends for brunch on a Sunday. Call ahead for a table if you don't want to wait. I'm glad I did so. I would love to go there as a last call stop after a night out on the Strip...it's gotta be an interesting place in the wee small hours if it was interesting on a late Sunday morning. This is now going to be one of our this-is-Vegas spots for when people come to visit. Love it! :)
5	I am one of the many who trekked to this old school restaurant because of Mr. Bourdain.And damn was he right again!It is CRUCIAL that you get seated in fireside lounge. We almost got seated in the regular diner area and that is not the experience you should be looking for!My boyfriend and I split a scorpion bowl and a plate of chicken strips and fries. Both were gigantic and plenty for both of us. They are particularly generous with their fries.Our waitress was very friendly I loved the dim lighting and ambiance overall.Only downside is that it wasn't a cheap cab ride there. But it is worth it, believe me!Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas so I can get a seat right in front of the fireplace!
5	The Peppermill is by far the best place to eat breakfast in all of Nevada. The portions are very genrous and the food is outstanding. The fireside lounge is a wonderful place to relax and have a drink while waiting for a table. The atmosphere in the lounge has to be experienced to fully grasp just how wonderful it is. Overall, no trip to Vegas is complete without breakfast at the Peppermill
4	The minute you walk through the front door and see the slot machines and pink neon lights you just know that you are in for a classic Vegas experience. The Peppermill has been on the north end of the Vegas strip for over thirty years. Many a casino has come and gone in those years but the Peppermill and the adjacent Firseide Lounge has survived.  It is well known for its neon glow, its cute car hop uniformed waitresses and its huge food portions. You don't need to worry about the time of day because the Peppermill is open 24 hours and serves Breakfast,Lunch and Dinner anytime. This makes it a perfect late night stop or the place to cure your morning after hangover. For Simone and I, it was the hangover cure, and we arrived mid morning and were immediately seated.  After looking over the waitress, I mean menu, I decided to order the Reuben Sandwich and French Fries. Simone decided to go for the Breakfast menu and ordered a spinach, feta and tomato omelete with hash browns and a Bran Muffin. My Reuben arrived first and it was massive. In fact, it was a club sandwich with three grilled and buttery homemade slices of Rye bread. Between the first two slices of bread was a heaping mound of fresh sauerkraut with gooey melted Swiss and house made thousand island dressing. The kraut was marinated perfectly with the flavor of whole caraway seeds and was excellent as the bed for the thinly sliced pound or so of grilled pastrami which was piled high on the next layer of rye bread with more melted Swiss. This was the holy grail of sandwiches and I amazingly finished the entire thing. The fries were a little to thick cut for my taste but were still fried crisp and were a good side to my sandwich.  Simones omelet was almost equal in size to my sandwich . It was packed full of spinach , cheese and tomatoes and even had some surprise hash browns mixed in with it ( hopefully not left over on the grill from the day before). Simone was a light weight and only downed about 1/4 of her monster meal. The hash browns that came with the omelet were grated fresh and were grilled crispy on the outside and tender in the middle, just the way they should be and i gladly helped Simone finish them.  The bran muffin also had good flavor and was nice, fresh and moist.The Peppermill is a great experience. Come hungry, because there is plenty to eat and you will want to finish it all.  A great Las Vegas landmark, it is not to be missed. 4 out of 5 for the Peppermill ****
4	Cool place to grab breakfast or lunch. There are a lot of tourist who come here daily, so it is always crowded! The wait for a table isn't too bad. They have big portions, there is a big menu, so if you don't know what to choose you can always order a few different things and share with your group. I prefer breakfast at this place more than lunch. I have had their roast beef dip with onion rings, and it was just ok. But the breakfast is AWESOME. We had the french toast with tons of fresh berries and boysenberry syrup! Also the waffle with eggs, and bacon. I would definitely be back!
4	This place is so Vegas!  Once you're inside, it kind of feels like you're eating in a glowy bluish forest.  Some people actually get to eat under the canopies of the fake trees.  All the waitstaff are dressed up in some way.  The cocktail waitresses have these shmexy long gowns, the waitresses have short skirts and suspenders, and the waiters have a male version of the suspenders.  They show less skin, though. Too bad. This place is known not only for its Vegas-y vibes, but also for its large portions!  Most of our group struggled to finish their meals, but a long day of competition worked wonders on my appetite. That mushroom burger didn't stand a chance.  And the milkshakes? GINORMOUS. In general, I'd say food quality is mediocre, but they give you such a large quantity that I feel most people would be inclined to take half of it home. (I love leftovers) Also, for those of you who are into the brekky-for-dinner thing, breakfast is served all day long. Additional bonus: our server was so nice to separate all the orders onto separate checks despite the fact that we presented her with a 20-person group. Winning!
4	big portion. great old school atmoshphere. my steak was cooked right. food is basic diner quality food. i don't think anyone comes here for the gourmet food. i like it and will be back....
5	This is my favorite place to eat after going out at night and needing some good food to put an end to a night of imbibing.  Also working at night in a locale where dozens of people ask where to eat at this hour (2 or 3 am usually), I have never in 8 years had one person come back and complain about the Peppermill.  That by itself should say something in an era when complaints seem the norm.Food portions are generous and prices are reasonable compared to what else is open nearby at "off" hours.
5	Was advised by a married couple on the airplane to try Fireside. Doesn't look that great from the outside but its an excellent place to eat or relax. The fire pits are amazing and very romantic. The Pepper-mill side is good to, an waitresses are superbly dressed in an oldies but revealing attire.
1	I came here on a Saturday night, was very busy we waited 40min to be seated only to find out our table was given to another party. After begging seated our order was taken but we were never asked what we wanted to drink therefore we never had any drinks brought out... We waited for our food a very lonnnnnnggggg time! Our plates were brought out one by one. And two of the orders we never brought out. The manager eventually came out and apologized but I will not return. The food was cold and under cooked. I have to say this is my first bad review:(
5	How did I not come here before?This place was super D - LISH!!! also, fetured on Anthony Bordain's No Reservations... Let's start with the wait.. .oh hell yeah there's a wait about 1.5 - 2 hours, yes it was that packed and we didn't get to actually eat until about 1:00 pm or so. We decided to take our group of 10 and sit in the Fireside lounge...This gem is so hidden that we didn't even know until about 30 minutes of waiting outside.Lets start with the FIreside Lounge - Think Super fabulous 70's, neon Lights, water / fire pit, ultra comfy seperate seating areas, did I mention the Scorpian( also featured on Anthony Bordain's No Reservations) yeah that ones a rough one- its super huge!!!  My friends and I all started talking on why we haven't yet partied here and enjoyed getting drunk at the lounge... really why haven't we? Next time my friends next time...So we get called to sit down to eat, the ambiance is like the old 70's/ early 80's charm again but with faux trees and neaon lights and faux plants through out... charming.We get an amazing server, Jennifer, well we are told the portions are huge, in hearing that and then actually seeing the items delivered to the table - thank God we listened and we shared plates!!!Breakfast menu is really off the chain here! we all took bites off each others plates to sample the menu.. so not disappointing at all eveything was great!  Chicken fried steak, eggs benedict, Joes grill breakfast thing, biscuits and gravy it was all scrumptious.After inhaling most of my food we were all pretty much full and decided to walk up the strip to get back to normal after the food coma we just endeared.It was D LIsh and I will be definately coming back on my next trip to vegas, maybe after the breakfast rush..
2	*Blink* I don't get it. I'm the easiest person to please when it comes to food. Even Taco Bell tastes like gourmet 5 star cuisine when you're drunk and hungry. Maybe it's because I'm from the South where we have stellar home cookin', but this place was NOT good. I'm giving it 2 stars because it wasn't terrible, but it definitely was NOT good. My girl friends and I stumbled into this place at 5 or 6am after my bachelorette party because our cabbie recommended it and it was right next to the Riviera where we were staying. Us: Can we walk back to Riviera in our heels from there?Cabbie: Girl, you can CRAWL.Nuff said. Let's go THERE.We got a wide variety of stuff- corned beef & hash, biscuits & sausage gravy, buffalo chicken wrap, something else, and something else (sorry, the night was a bit hazy haha). We tried a bite of everyone else's food, and not one of us 5 girls were the least bit impressed. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll go to the 24 hour Indian place inside Riviera if I'm hungry in the middle of the night/morning. Too bad I didn't find out about it until my last 2 hours there.
2	i spent nearly 13 dollars on a teeny tiny wimpy shrimp cocktail. the drinks in the lounge were over priced and the bartender had an attitude. the decor is from the 70's and unappealing. i dont see what all the hype is about.
4	Fro to-the mage.  Crazy neon lights, mirrored ceilings, this place must have been a strip joint before becoming a restaurant!  But the food!  Huge portions, well made diner style food for decent prices $10-15 for breakfast.  It's open 24 hours a day, and it was walking distance from our hotel at the Hilton Grand Vacations.
4	I have been making regular stops to Fireside Lounge for a while now and I really like it. The lighting and decor would do it for me alone.  Booths tucked behind fake plants. Fire coming out of water.  It feels kinda like being in a fish tank. A pink fish tank. They serve all manner of sweet, strong, and overly garnished cocktails. Tall ones, short ones, pink ones, and blue ones. Some of the drinks are the size of fish bowls.Pink fish bowls.The bartenders are in black and white and the cocktail waitresses are wearing evening wear. Drinking these crazy drinks in such an atmosphere can really have a good effect on the old disposition. If you know what I mean.So I have visited the lounge a bunch and never so much as walked into the restaurant. So the last time I was in town it was time.  The ambiance was the same as the lounge only a bit brighter and more restaurant like. Which might have something to do with the fact that it is indeed a restaurant.The evening gown clad waitress came over and brought us mai tais and what not. The restaurant waitress was dressed interesting also, I think. All were nice.The food was quite good and served in over sized portions. Pancakes, omelets, burgers and stuff like that. I personally had buffalo chicken wrap due to some reviews I have read. I would not normally order some such thing like that. It was really good. Everything everybody got was good. Big salads and other bullshit I don't remember. So two good things in one building. And it's on the strip, albeit the ass end of the strip. And for desert you can go across the street to the Riviera. Go get it.
5	Peppermill is as good as it gets when it comes to a casual dining place for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Food is always fresh, waitstaff is always friendly, and the positions are great.  One of my favorite spots to visit in Las Vegas....
5	Amazing atmosphere!  Great prices for the large portions.   Although there was a wait to get it, you can't blame people for wanting to come here!  Just fantastic- wish we would have found this place earlier in the trip.
3	This place is pricey, service is hit or miss no matter if they are busy or not, and ambience is retro disco 70's ish. They are open 24 hours which can be either really good or really bad depending on how you look at it. Food is decent. The three stars are for their large portions. If im gonna spend 10 bucks for a burger and fries or 24 bucks for a steak, it better be decent and it better be able to fill me up. Other than that, Denny's would be a good choice if you wanna save some money and get pretty much the same results. I wasnt too impressed my only visit here. I guess it would be one of those once in while places to eat. Definitely would not take anybody here unless they insist and are in possession of large amounts of cash.
5	I LOVE this spot! Great food, fast service, friendly service, affordable prices, AND 24 hours! Yep. Done deal.
4	What a perfect place to finish off a Vegas trip! I came here back in January with some friends. It was packed, the wait time was long, BUT you can chill in the lounge until a table is ready for you. The ambiance is so weird, but fun at the same time. I can't begin to describe the funky waitress outfits they have. After spending the weekend on the strip glaring at all the overpriced food and beverage spots, I had the best affordable cup of coffee EVERRRR. The average price for meals was about $10-15. I got the Pesto Chicken Sandwich with fruit and it was SOOOO GOOD. I tried my friend's Country Fried Steak--it was AMAZING. Portions are huge and you really get what you pay for! Great for tourists...open 24 hours, plenty of parking, take debit/credit, slots in waiting area, souvenir group photos, and an experience to remember! I will be back for sure!
4	We needed a little lunch to hold us over before dinner, so we split a cheeseburger and fries. They were happy to let us split (a lot of places are not so cool with it anymore). The burger and fries were great! Cooked perfect, tasty, yummy!
4	I haven't been to the Peppermill in 20 years.  We stopped there a few times when we were tourists.  I decided to go today for a different breakfast place.I arrived about 9:45 and the place was packed.  There was a waiting list for a table, but the counter was open so I went there.  Angela was my server and she immediately got me some coffee.  I have read about the big portions.  It starts with their over-sized coffee mugs.  Very nice.I ordered the Fruit fantasia waffle, a good sized waffle topped with seasonal fresh fruit and served with boysenberry syrup and butter and whipped cream or sour cream for a topping.  The waffle had a lot of fruit--bananas, grapes, honeydew melon, cantaloupe, and strawberries.  It was excellent.This is an institution that has been around for a lot of years and based on the people there today, it will be around for a lot more.
5	Went here every day for breakfast. The omelette has 8-10 eggs in it! The hash browns are the best I've ever had in my life. Drinks are served in pint glasses (large). Service is brilliant.
3	All I can say is, whoa, what the hell was this place?  We roll in around 11:00 AM on a Saturday for a late breakfast, but the line is out the door.  My buddy suggests we grab a cocktail in the lounge while we wait.  What the heck, it's Vegas, right?We roll into the lounge and all of the waitresses are wearing full length evening gowns, there is techno music playing, and the dimly lit lounge is lined with mirrors on all the walls and adorned with thousands of silk flowers, wines and plants.  Do I love it or do I hate it?   Cutting edge or tacky?  I'm still not sure.Why three stars?  Well, in the end, the caipirinha I ordered was too sweet and not lime-y enough, and the sandiwch I ordered at lunch was just ok.
1	The worst diner I have ever been in. Very dirty and chaotic. We sat at the counter and had the pleasure (sarcasm intended) of watching the dirty condiments counter for half an hour without any food and lost our appetite eventually. If you knew how many fingers picked up dropped food off the floor (they toss it bur still, no hand washing whatsoever) then dipped into the huge butter tub you would think twice before eating that toast.
4	Really good food. I had the country fried steak, eggs, and bacon. My friends enjoyed their meals as well. The waitress, Michelle, was nice and friendly to us.
4	Ok let me start by saying I am critical. There are too many places to eat. Not only is the food important so is the presentation and service.That said Peppermill is a good value. I went for breakfast, service was good food was hot portions were generous.  I had corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. Nice presentation cucumber and tomato slices decorated plate. I would have given them 5 stars but I like my corned beef has crispy. This is a good alternative to the expensive restaurants at the Wynn and Encore. Short walk.
5	Really good food and a great selection.  Love their hash browns.  I really enjoy the service as well.  I appreciate that they take drink orders right away.  This is a place I frequent when in Vegas.
4	Love, love, love this place! The food is always excellent and the portions are enormous. I want to say their omelets have like 6 eggs in them (or more). Seriously, come hungry or be prepared to take home leftovers. When a place is 24 hours and they serve breakfast the whole time, I tend toward breakfast food. That being said, their eggs benedict is one of the best in Las Vegas. Burgers are delish and cooked to order (beware asking for rare...they take it seriously and will produce something pretty much raw on the inside). The service is great. Waitresses are attentive and friendly. There seem to always be cops eating there; take what you will from that. Downsides: The place gets crowded. Really crowded. Weeknights seem to be the best time to go if you want to sit down and eat quickly. Also, the parking situation can be difficult. They have an itty bitty parking lot in front (maybe more in the back, not sure!) right on LV Blvd, so getting out can be tricky. Bottom line: if you haven't been, go for the decor. Stay for the food!
4	If you are visiting Las Vegas for the first time you gotta go to the Peppermill. Once you enter this place the decor just screams Vegas with its cool neon lights and coloful lampshades. Also, if you want to get drinks before you start your meal you can just hop over to their bar area which has a wicked cool firepit and you chill around the fire with your friends. Food here is pretty tasty and the portions are HUGE! (Which is great for sharing) I had the Reuben sandwich with fries and it was really good. If you want comfort food, this place has a bunch of it. Their breakfast menu is served all day so that's another plus and it's open 24 hours (hell yeah!)
4	This restaurant, just south of the Riviera is an excellent choice for breakfast with GREAT coffee, HUGE portions (consider sharing omelets and pancakes and hash browns).  Service was great for us both days we went there as well. I wish I had discovered it sooner!  Great fresh fruit bowls went by us as well and if i didn't have SO much food, I would have ordered that as well.The restaurant has a 50's style theme working and the bar adjoining would really be a nice place to hang out and have a drink!
5	After being at the Peppermill for the first time, I was kicking myself mentally that I hadn't been here sooner.  I enjoyed everything about it, from the large, comfortable booth with royal blue, aqua, and lavender fabric in which we sat; the immediate pouncing on us after we were seated by water carrier, cocktail waitress, and server in quick succession; the snappy, blue and white, mini-skirted uniforms of the servers; the swirling neon blue and pink tubes of light overhead and tube of red light circling around the dining room below; the immense menu; to the wonderfully tasty and generously sized food that Diane and I enjoyed on a recent Tuesday night.  And, as we entered and left the restaurant, every served dish I saw on other diners' plates looked massive, well crafted, and tasty.I began our late dinner with a bowl of Beef Barley Soup.  It contained cubed beef, barley, mushroom slices, tomato, celery, and a real tasty, oily beef broth.  The only negative is that the mushrooms appeared to be of the canned variety.  An excellent Spinach Salad with egg, fresh spinach leaves, bacon, and a Catalina Dressing that tasted like Hot Bacon Dressing was next, followed by a BLTA packed with bacon, red tomato, lettuce, an ample smear of mayonnaise, and huge, beautifully green and yellow, cool chunks of perfectly ripe avocado on lightly toasted Sourdough Bread as I had requested.  Numerous French Fries were also on the plate, because I had forgotten to order desired Potato Salad, which was an included alternative, along with a choice of cottage cheese, onion rings, or a fruit cup.  So, just a little belatedly, I ordered and paid for a side of Potato Salad.  When it arrived in a large teardrop dish, my work in dispatching this large side, along with my jam-packed sandwich, began.  But it was easy to do, for this excellent creamy white, mayonnaise-based Dill Potato Salad with skin-on Red Potatoes and celery was simply delicious.  The Fries were good, but I enjoyed the Potato Salad more.Diane, meanwhile, raved about the 3 large and juicy Arctic Cod fillets and the incredible amount of crisp deep-fried Curly Fries that covered her platter and constituted an order of Icelandic Fish and Chips.  She also very much liked her excellent, rich Hot Chocolate with Whipped Cream.  As usual, I finished all of my meal, and Diane ate what she could, and had the rest packed for lunch at home.But we were by no means done.  I had my eye on another Peppermill offering as soon as I read through the gargantuan menu, and Diane was game, as well.  So, to cap off a fine dinner, we ordered a Colossal Hot Fudge Sundae to share.And, this was some sundae.  Besides a generous supply of French Vanilla Ice Cream in a large and high elongated glass sundae dish, this treat featured mini-chocolate chips, chopped peanuts, a mountain of whipped cream, an obligatory cherry on top, and a load of warm and sweet Hot Fudge (see pic)--likely four times the amount of Hot Fudge one will find in the average Hot Fudge Sundae served elsewhere.  I asked our server how many scoops of ice cream were in our sundae, and she replied that normally 3 scoops are included but this was the first one she had ever made, and because she wanted us to be pleased with it, she had put in FIVE SCOOPS!  I highly recommend this dish--but not for just 1 person!  It was so wonderfully good that Diane and I finished it all--but just barely! This was a great meal with very friendly and mostly great service.  Only my specially ordered Potato Salad was initially forgotten temporarily, and I had to ask once for an Iced Tea refill.  Otherwise our server checked on us several times during our meal to make sure all was well and we were not wanting for anything. We peeked inside the Fireside Lounge before we left, and it looked like a great romantic place to have drinks with a special partner around the fire pit.A couple other pluses about the Peppermill are that it is open 24/7, and access to lot parking is easy right off Las Vegas Boulevard just in front of the restaurant.  I expect to become a regular here, and work my way through the vast and enticing menu.  Easily Five Stars!
4	This is 1 of our favorite breakfast places when dining outside of the Wynn.  It's just the right amount of tacky for a Vegas morning meal without being over the top.  The portions are definitely large enough to split and are all very tasty. I usually go for the yogurt parfait or split one of the omelets,..both are delicious! I'm  giving -1 star for the waitresses. While I  appreciate the no nonsense slinging hash approach from them, sometimes it's over the top.
4	One of my old time fave!!!
5	GREAT place to go for drinks,romantic conversation (in the bar) or bring the whole family kids and all! HUGE plates of food for NON strip prices! I love this place! Great drinks,great service and you may just get to see Miss Holly Madison! I will ALWAYS be bringing visitors here when they come to Vegas, its a staple!
4	Nachos, nachos, nachos... that's all you need to know and all you need to order.Everything else was good but not great.Cool diner vibe with friendly staff and interesting colors!
5	The Peppermill is a Vegas "must-do" attraction.  Not only is it far enough north on the Strip to give you that old Vegas feel, it still has the look and feel of the old school, flashy for the sake of being flashy, design to it.The real reason make the Peppermill a stop on your Vegas Vacation is for the food.  Not just pancakes and eggs and toast kind of place.  They serve breakfast all day and the portions are truly ridiculous.  The staff here is super friendly and they are always willing to work with you on the menu if you want to be a little bit creative.On my last visit, I couldn't decide between breakfast or lunch.  I asked the server if I could combine the two and build a lamb gyro omelet.  The end result was a massive 10 egg omelet filled with lamb meat and feta cheese all smothered in  dill tzatziki sauce.  If you like Greek dishes, then give it a try.  Incidentally, in the parking lot there was a brand new Lamborghini being delivered by West Coast Customs.  This place is hysterical, in the "we're laughing with you" kind of way.
3	Great big portion size. Little pricey for diner food but it had all the basics and amuzing disco interior decor to make you chuckle. This area of the strip lacks in good food options so this was a good choice considering the Rivieras sad food court next door.
1	Probably one of the worst places in las Vegas. Poor service, crappy drinks and food that tastes like it was made day before yesterday. And best part of all....u get to pay before u get your food!!!
4	What a great place this is...we had to wait about 30 minutes to grab a table and I understand that that's pretty normal. It's basically a large 1970's diner decorated in a "disco Vegas" style. The menu is large, but many opt for the 24 hour breakfast. I ordered something called the San Jose breakfast bowl, though trough would be more appropriate, it is large and heavy and contains scrambled eggs, sausage, beef, onions, spinach, cheese served over hash browns. It was very tasty, especially the potatoes...I could only finish about 1/3 of it and was not hungry again all day. Interesting staff and nice melange of customers for people watching.
4	Best hashbrowns and coffee!!
5	Tired of crappy casino cafes?  Need to load up on calories after party rockin all night?  Then, tell the cabby, "Take me to Peppermill."The Peppermill is a 70s diner, decorated with fake trees, and neon lights. They have mutant size chicken parm, big ass omelets, gigalos, huge onion rings, and great customer service.    The people watching in this place is golden, especially at 530am.   The service here is top notch..   No Vegas trip is complete without payin homage to Peppermill.
4	The Fireside Lounge is an old school cheesily decorated place not to be missed!  I'm sure back in the day, it was pretty amazing, and although dated, it kind of still IS!  It's rare to find places like this that didn't feel the pressure to "update" their look, and so we younger folks get to enter a kind of time capsule and imagine a Friday night out on the town in our platforms & polyester disco dresses!  Big round banquettes for groups make it a nice place to stop & hang out without feeling the Vegas Rush to move on & not miss something fabulous.  Flashback decor includes mirrors on all the walls, red upholstery, faux forest-like greenery and a central fireplace/fountain (propane bubbling up thru the water making the flames dance on the surface).  A good experience over all.  Fifth star of the rating falls away because, although very pleasant, it seemed like the wait staff wasn't that efficient.
5	Great food any time of the day!love this spot:)
3	I really wanted to like this place. I loved the multi-colored sugar on the table, the kitschy decor, and even the huge portions, which are typical for diner establishments, but the food just wasn't that good even under the influence of alcohol.The Peppermill is considered to be a LV institution with extremely kitschy decor (think of fake trees, neon lights and vinyl wrap-around booths). It's right across the street from Circus Circus, giving it somewhat of a creepy vibe at night. This area of the strip just feels dead now. My review is based mainly on the food, which was surprisingly lackluster. I expected it to be at least better then IHOP, but it reminded me of Denny's. I ordered a cheeseburger that was pretty greasy and my friend's salad was made out of iceberg lettuce with huge piles of fruit that looked unappetizing. My sweet potato fries were okay, but tasted like they were previously frozen.I would have given it a higher rating, but I expect diners to have good "junk food." I think The Peppermill may be better for breakfast, and it's definitely worth a stop if you are interested in Vintage Las Vegas. Also noteworthy is procuring a bag of multi-colored sugar (yes, they do sell it at the register)!
4	If you like diner food and large portions, this is your spot, the food is good, no nonsense, fresh, straight-up what you are craving. The portions are crazy gigantic and the service was surprisingly good considering how busy and hectic this place is. Kudos to the management for putting out consistently good food with a smile!
5	Everything here is HUGEEEEE! (like me) Unless you are a pro wrestler or a huge pothead, you will never finish the entire plate. Share with someone. Trust a honky! Peace!!!
4	Awesome decor. This place puts Mel's Diner back home in LA to shame. But bring a sweater -- they had the AC ridiculously cold in there! All in all a great experience, though, and I will be back and recommend this place to others. Loved the atmosphere and the food was pretty good...with lots leftover to take back to the hotel with us!
4	We LOVE this place and don't know why we don't come here more often when we are in Vegas.This review is in two parts, the restaurant and the lounge.THE RESTAURANTMirrors, fake Cherry Blossom trees, red and blue neon... what's not to love?Service here is very good, prompt and friendly.  Proportions can be ridiculously large!On the night we went, we had plans for later in the evening and I didn't want to be too full... so I was a little concerned due to the size of their servings.  I ordered the cheeseburgers sliders which came with home made Yukon Gold Potato chips.  The sliders were... sliders, nothing spectacular, but the chips were awesome though I could not finish them.  My wife had the chicken pesto sandwich with onion rings, both of which she LOVED.We returned a couple of days later for breakfast where I had the country fried steak and eggs which was good, though again I could not finish it (and I am a BIG eater) and she has the French Toast Ambrosia... which was ridiculously large!  It was so big a lady from the next table asked if she could take a picture of it!  I also noticed the gentleman across from us ordered the fruit plate which was not at all a fruit plate, it was a produce bar stacked on a plate!  I am not kidding, your could easily get your full eight servings of fruits and vegetables in one meal!This place is a little pricy, however in most items you get enough to make two (if not more) meals.  Proportionally speaking it is very reasonable.THE LOUNGEWe freakin' LOVE this lounge!  Again chrome and mirrors, red and blue neon, red velvet booths, and a fire spewing, boiling water fire pit!  I have always thought this would be exactly the kind of place where swingers would meet up prior to their assignations!The waitresses all wear cocktail dresses which are very nice.  They prohibit you from wearing hats of any kind calling it their "dress code" but there are always people in there dressed in shorts and t-shirts so I am not too what the boundaries of this "code" are.  They have a really cool menu advertising "retro" drinks like champagne cocktails, Manhattans, and scorpions in big bowls.   I ordered a Vodka Gimlet (which seems more and more to becoming an endangered species as far as bartenders go) and our friend ordered a Beautiful.  Both drinks were made correctly with no questions asked.  Again this place can be pricy.  In fact we spent more here in the same amount of time as we did at Treasures, a very high end strip club.Money aside, I would find a reason to go to Vegas just to hang out at the Peppermill Fireside Lounge.The ONLY reason i don't give it 5 stars is the cost.Edit:  My wife's preferred drink this weekend was a Pina Colada.  She wanted me to point out that the Peppermill was the ONLY establishment that served her PC in a hurricane glass as it SHOULD be.  It may not seem important but it shows that they pay attention to the details.
3	Ehh.. food is just okay..
4	Its a Vegas landmark. Everyone in the nightlife industry comes here after work, 5/6am for breakfast.HUGE portions, but rather pricy for locals. But its a retro diner type, it has an intertesting decor andthe food is ok. Service is a little slow at times.Come around 2/3 am and its full of drunken tourists :)
5	Wow. Nicest breakfast looking place with a bar lounge! We sat in the regular dining area, but would have been nice to eat in lounge area. Food: I got the alfredo fettuchine with shrimps and garlic bread. It was expensive, but delicious and big portion! It even comes with a side salad that was loaded with toppings like eggs and bacon. Drinks: I got a drink with sparkling wine in it with cinnamon and bitters. It was quite tasty! I also tried the mai tai, which was normal.Someone goes around asking to take your picture and then asks if you want to buy it. But you do get a free picture preview.Service is quick and friendly.I want to try the breakfast food next time I come back to vegas.
4	A cool place. There is for sure always a variety of different people in here.I like the breakfast and salads. The bacon is cooked to order and delicious. I had a huge delicious breakfast on this last visit. The breakfast is always my fav here.Be prepared that you will get a BIG plate no matter what you order. I ordered a salad once and ate off it for several days lol. The salads are seriously huge and good.The "conquest" in a great sandwich. Curly fries pair well with it.The servers are nice but chatty with each other and not always paying attention to the tables.Kinda pricey but you get a lot of food. It attracts many tourists but at most times you will find more of us locals inside eating or having a drink with friends.
4	The food is good and the portions are HUGE...my only complaint is that it took a while to get served..try it as you will not be dissappointed
5	Great fire Jacuzzi nice atmosphere normally good service
5	I've been meaning to start writing Yelp reviews for a while now, and I've repeatedly considered what business would receive my first review. I've decided that it HAS to be the Peppermill and it HAS to be five stars.(For this review, I'm focusing strictly on the lounge.)My wife and I are Las Vegas locals now, but we've been frequenting the Fireside Lounge since our tourist days. We came here on the night we got engaged. We came here on the night we got married. We come here on our birthdays and anniversaries. There simply isn't any place in town more comfortable and romantic for a couple of kitsch lovers like us.Sure, the strip location means it gets crowded on the weekends - moreso lately than it used to, it seems - but scoring a seat on one of the plush pink couches around the firepit makes it more than worth the trip. The waitresses are super-friendly and they'll remember you between visits.My only complaints are that the drinks are a little weak and the music selection a little poppy. The former is because I've been conditioned by super-strong Fink Bombs at Frankie's Tiki Room, and the latter is because I'm apparently a hipster douche. Neither complaint is worth tarnishing a perfect score.The Peppermill is easily one of our favorite places on the entire globe and now it's only a couple of miles down the street from us. We're so lucky to now live so close to this neon-encrusted gem.
2	This place looks very retro disco 60s-70s. Not my choice of ambience. The omelets were rediculously huge. So you definately get a lot for the money. I ordered the mazzarati omelet. That meat sauce threw it off, it tasted like spaghetti meat sauce. I would give it another shot I just didn't like what I ordered.
2	Claim to be the Best steak in Las Vegas years in a row. I would rate their steak with IHOP or Denny's. Poor quality meat. Tasted tough definitely needed a sharp steak knife. I think the only thing to get  there is breakfast and even then it doesn't seem like anything special. The decour was interesting and retro.
2	We went because of the high recommendations. I wish we would have walked out as soon as we saw the tacky decor. Each meal is large enough to feed an entire family if that family wants a low quality meal. They definitively stress quantity over quality.  I suggest passing on this one.
5	Not sure whre they get that different types of colored sugar in that little sugar caddy but I loved it! Breakfast was pretty awesome here and I'm glad I shared a plate with my boyfriend. We didn't even finish what we got (pancakes, fruit, eggs and bacon and sausage). I really liked the neon type of lighting and kinda dark inside style. The staff were all friendly and you can tell that locals come here to it's gotta be good (at least that's what I like to think).
4	Great atmosphere and great good, service. The bar and fire pit are a most if your in LV.
4	This place is a hidden place in VEGAS! This place is awesome away from everything and parking right in front! I had breakfast here and was VERY GOOD & then we headed to the lounge area where they have the fire pit and had some drinks the drinks where very good except  they did need more poison in them what is VEGAS w/out enough poison in the drinks!
5	This place is amazing and sucky all at once. I went once at 9AM and once again 5AM later the next morning. Don't order a chrorizo omlett, because there isn't one on the menu.
5	We came here for breakfast. The portions are HUGE!! Everything was delicious! Cooked to order and fresh. I would recommend splitting a plate!
5	The pepper mill was delicious. Huge portions, the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the chorizo and eggs were delicious.The pepper mill was delicious. Huge portions, the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the chorizo and eggs were delicious.
5	Open 24/7 for all menu items, breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts and more!I have not dined at Peppermill in 14 years, it was time to get my ass back to check it out to see if it was just as good as I had remembered! I live in Las Vegas so I can and will be able to enjoy this Restaurant on a regular basis now. This Restaurant Rocks! A total Gem in Las Vegas as there is no place like it!The prices are fair considering the large portion of food you get. You are guaranteed to walk out stuffed so be hungry!The scoop on what we got!*All omelets are served with hash browns AND your choice of toast, english muffin, blueberry muffin, bran muffin or toasted bagel with cream cheese. Her-Denver Omelet, 7 eggs at least, full of fresh diced ham, bell pepper and onion served with hashed browns, and choice of bread so I opted for a bagel with cream cheese. Even their own menu says "Huge omelets" and they are not joking! I was defeated for the first time in history in having to leave 1/3 of my omelet behind as that is a first! My omelet was cooked to perfection and so tasty, my tastebuds creamed in my mouth this meal was soooo good! $11.95*Whole sandwiches served with choice of potato salad, french fries, cottage cheese, onion rings or fruit cup. Sweet potato fries for $1.00 more. I think it is awesome they don't charge more for onion rings like most places do!Him-Conquest sandwich w/onion rings. Combination of roast beef, cheddar cheese, tomato, sauteed peppers, onions, mushrooms, thousand island dressing and bacon served on a grilled Parmesan sourdough. $12.95Added salad for $2.95 and they have the best homemade ranch dressing I have ever had. I could drink a cup of it as it is that good!Added side of potato salad. $3.95Refills on our iced tea and soda were plentiful!During our meal a guy came over to our table and took a complimentary photo of us! A free 4x6 photo souvenir is a really nice touch as the photo was printed with the Peppermill background, soooo cute! We had a blast eating here, it was just a really fun experience all together! It looks like a night club on the inside, really fun!The Interior is dark and cozy! The service was good as well, they do take care of you!We will be back very soon! Can't wait!I am so happy I am a Vegas local who can enjoy this restaurant whenever I want!It was just as good as I remembered when I ate here 14 years ago with my family during our visit to Las Vegas. This was my boyfriend's first time eating here and he truly enjoyed his food and experience!
4	First time trying the place and it definitely will not be the last. Huge portions of food. Got a half order of Nachos Nachos Nachos and it was enough to feed me and my g/f for a few days. I ordered the Gyros and my g/f ordered the philly both were good and better as leftovers. Will be coming back to check out breakfast.
5	OMG FANTASTIC!! The French toast was soooooo gooood...I special ordered it with just bananas and strawberries, the idea of grapes and melon on French Toast didn't sit right with me. We ate there two days in a row. Both days we sat at the counter because the wait was 20-30+ minutes. They have giant coffee cups which was great - no waiting for refills. Atmosphere is great - old school neon and such. You can even have a cocktail with breakfast. Go it is work the wait.
5	I went to the Peppermill for my 21st bday, and got my first drink there.I purposefully went looking for somewhere to go for my 21st, and I loved all the photos of the outside and inside of the Peppermill. When I got there, I was not disappointed by its looks. Sure, some may think its too "vegas-y" or tacky but I really enjoyed the uniqueness.As for the food, the portions are large but finish-able, I had a pancake breakfast for dinner and my boyfriend had the fish and chips (curly fries) and we were both happy. I tried a mai tai and it was pretty big and delicious, though I can't compare it to other mai tai's as it was my first drink.The staff were very helpful, and we even got a free souvenir photo! If you're going to Vegas, I'd definitely stop by at least once (or twice). Also, LARGE parking lot!
3	Good stuff but I am a local so I am a bit bias about my food and places.  I will not be back for food (dinner) it was good but I can get the same for cheaper in a local spot.  I think if you are a tourist it is totally worth it for the cool ambiance the lighting is sparkly  and fun, the restaurant is dimly lit anding to all the glittering lights and trees surrounding you.  Big oval booths add to the fun 70's 80's ish feel.  I had a huge burger Ciabatta Pesto Burger Flame-broiled burger could taste the flame in the food.  Mozzarella cheese, fresh basil instead of lettuce a nice touch, red onions some were hard and not good so I had to pick them off, tomato, Prosciutto (prosciutto was old and hard had to pick that off as well) and pesto (lots almost to much pesto) sauce on a ciabatta the bun was awesome.  All burgers come with the choice of french fries, onion rings or potato salad (I had onion rings pretty awesome as far as onion rings go ;)I do think however I would come back for some late night drinks in the bar area they are really cool looking and the setting, fire pits and appetizers are pretty good I hear!  That is why they are getting 3 stars instead of 2 because the ambiance and bar is I think the highlight of any locals trip!  I wish my food would have all been fresh and I wouldn't of had to pick so much off I would have liked to have added a star to my review.
5	A true Las Vegas classic and it took me about ten trips to Sin City to check this one off my list. Tucked away in the 'no man's land' north of Wynn/Encore and south of Riviera, this place is easy to miss unless you're up for a bit of a hike from mid-Strip or have a car at your disposal. My party started with the appetizer sampler platter which could've nearly stuffed the three of us in and of itself. Hand-dipped onion rings, bruschetta and fried mozzarella sticks that were obviously also hand-cut and hand-dipped. All with the requisite dipping accoutrements. So happy. Two of us had the giant pesto burger as an entree and as delicious as the medium-well (ordered medium so I'll order med-rare next time) beef patty on brioche was, I could only eat about half. Good thing I had a fridge in my hotel room as this made for a wonderful snack (even when cold) the next evening.The atmosphere is as many others say. Like a fully-blown Vegased out version of an all-American diner. Think Denny's with a neon problem. Just lovely and fits the Strip to a tee. Service was great the night we were there and beverage refills were quick and without having to ask.We stepped into the separate lounge next door to have a look before leaving and were simply awestruck. Why did we bother with the restaurant when we could have certainly ordered from a bar menu here and enjoyed giant frou-frou drinks while we waited. So that just whet my appetite for my next sojourn to Vegas.It's a timeless classic in a town that insists on constantly reinventing itself. Just go. It probably won't change or close anytime soon, but don't take any chances!
4	I almost threw up from the amount of food they gave me and I stupidly tried to eat all of. I ordered a milk shake and it was well over a litre. It was incredibly delicious but putting down that and a huge burger was a bit of a chore for my stomach.But I feel like you have to check this place out. It feels like such a Vegas kind of place and the food is very tasty.
3	This visit to The Peppermill was about a year in the making as an out of town friend had given it 2 thumbs up & suggested we meet there. So I had alot of time to review the extensive menu which covers pretty much the full gamet of what you'd find at a Dennys (Breakfast, Sandwhiches, steaks, fish, burgers, deserts & Full Bar) but more Upscale.I had also viewed several Youtube videos, one which featured the Mammoth "SCORPION" Cocktail ($20) & that pretty much sealed the deal on what I was going to have to drink. The Scorpion came just as it was shown on the vid and was very good wt no hint of any liquor at all which was strange because if you look up the recipe its loaded with alcohol. I am a vodka drinker and I'm guessing it was the 151 in the mix that had me done drinking anything else & sweating bullets towards the end of the visit. It packs a punch.The Bartender in the Fireside Lounge was very freindly & had a good sense of humor especially when I pretended to have poked my eye out on the long straw that came with the drink and demanded someone call Personal Injury Attorney Glenn Lerner. The Bartender immediatly offered up some scissors to cut the straws to a shorter more manageable length.My accomplice had a glass of White wine ($9.50).After conversation over our drinks and very hungry, we went into the main dining room and were immediatly seated in a nice out of the way booth in the back that was big enough for a group of 4 so we had pleanty of room to spread out and make ourselves comfortable.I ordered the 1/2 order of Nachos wt Chicken ($16) and my Partner in Crime had a salad, Shrimp, and steamed green beans ($20) which looked very good and she had no complaints. The Nachos on the other hand were somewhat of a dissappointment. I have definatly had better. The quantity was overwhelming & in fact wt my huge cocktail, could not finish them. My complaint was they had been covered wt white cheese & baked in the oven and the end result was a concrete textured layer covering them. Also there was very little sign of any chicken whatsoever, though we did find a few small pcs upon a close inspection. The Nacho's were served wt 2 small cups of sour cream, a chedder cheese sauce & salsa all on the side and was pretty sparse on the other ingredients advertised - tomatoes, blk olives, jalepenos & onions. My expectations were more of a zesty, loose array of all advertised ingredients as I am accustomed  Sort of like a Taco Salad, where one can build each chip as an individual h'orderve. The concrete texture, as well as the limited ingredients, prevented this. Still it was good, but I wouldnt order it again.The waitress, overall atmospere & company was very nice and based on my experience I would have no problem going back, or reccommending it to others. Go to youtube and see the various vids there. The breakfast dishes look very good as do the burgers. 3 out of 5.
5	Old School Vegas at it's best.
1	My friend's credit card was cloned and hijacked in the "Austin Powers" fireside lounge.I won't be going back. Ever."No, bay-bee!!"
2	I shared a few bites off a friend's breakfast plate and was happy I didn't order a meal. The waffle was dry and tasteless and the scrambled eggs tasted like they were powdered. The place was bizarre and looked like a neon park meets game show set. Our server was rude and didn't seem to want to be bothered-she literally snatched the menu out of my hand since I wasn't going to order a meal myself. The only thing I somewhat enjoyed here were the tall cups for coffee and that the sugar in the dispenser was multi-colored. Have a meal elsewhere. Not worth it for cruddy food and even worse service.
5	I read about this place after google searching things to do in Vegas.  I've been here a few times, always under heavy influence of alcohol (so I don't know if the food is good sober).  I will tell you the staff is great, the drinks are stiff, the drunk people are always nice, and there is a fire place in the middle of the room in a fountain of water... Let's be honest, this place is 1970's and not evolving to anything else. A must do, the bad reviews are people expecting something else.  THIS IS A 1970'S VEGAS LOUNGE WITH A FIRE PLACE IN A FOUNTAIN THAT SERVES DRINKS TILL YOU PASS OUT IN THE BOOTH.  Enjoy.
4	My fiance' & I love coming in here when were in Vegas on our last day here for breakfast before we make our 4 hour long drive back home to Cali. There's always a wait but definitely worth it.. I've never tried any of their food except for breakfast, but they give you big portions and it's so good. Definitely a place to check out when you're at Vegas.
5	LOVE IT LOVE IT!!!My favorite restaurant in Vegas.  off the strip between Encore and Circus Circus.  It is walking distance (not when your drunk).  Staff is awesome, friendly, and very attentive.  I like that the staff can dress in costume.  The last 2 times we went there one waitress was in a prom dress, the other time in a cocktail uniform. I can totally see this restaurant in San Francisco. Food is awesome, and the portions is beyond large. I ordered a salad and it was a giant bowl that looked like it belongs in the salad bar, and a sampler that filled all of us up where we could barely touch our dinner because we were so full.  Highly recommend this place.
5	What the say is true! PORTIONS ARE HUGE!! I mean like GINORMOUS!! But well worth it! Decor was very retro. It almost looked like it was a converted strip club at one point, but it works well as it has a diner-ish feel to it.We got a Lorraine Omelet and Corn Beef Hash. The omelet was bigger than the size of my face. I swear!! It was good cause it was nice and fluffy with the freshest ingredients. The hash browns OMG the hash browns were so crispy and good. I noticed they also add sweet onions to it cause some bites would be sweet. I finished the hash browns first before I finished my Omelette.. The Corn Beef Hash was sooo good as well. It was like happiness in my mouth! I tried the Bloody Mary and it was pretty good. I could taste the celery salt with the big celery they put inside it. But it was pretty tasty. =DDefinitely a place to go back to without a doubt! =D
5	I didn't know about The Peppermill until my good friend Christine turned me on to its charms. Now I take all my out-of-town friends and family here. As others have said, the food is good, no matter what you order, and the portions are huge! The fruit plate, for instance, is large enough for 2 or more people. I love the ambiance of the neon lighting, the fake cherry trees, and the friendly staff. It's just so Vegas!  The cocktail waitresses wear these long, flowing black dresses and come into the restaurant from the lounge to take your drink orders. If you want to really get crazy with the drinks, order a Scorpion...it comes in a huge bowl with straws and is meant to be shared! You gotta see it to believe it! I shared one with my nephew and his wife and it was amazing. The Fireside Lounge is a trip all by itself. It looks to me like something out of the 1970's: shag carpeting, and a main sunken seating area around a flaming fountain. There are video screens everywhere showing music videos.  I have come here numerous times on dates, with friends, after photo shoots, etc. Just kicked back and had a drink (or two or three) and ordered appetizers. Again, love those friendly, attentive cocktail waitresses dressed in classy black! So if you want to have a good meal, or just a drink, stop by one of the best-kept local secrets in town...The Peppermill!
3	Do not sit at the counter. Very slow service.Very generous portion sizes.This place is pretty much a must brunch place if you go to Vegas.
5	AWWWWESOOOOMMMEEEE!!!!!! Hot waitresses, great atmosphere, great decor, food ROCKS! So glad we found out about this place. Ate here after a long night at EDC. Boom!
4	Awesome bloody Mary's and a fun ambiance in the lounge area! Portion sizes are huge so unless your starving I'd suggest sharing. Food was great service was a little slow.
5	I can't believe I've been to Vegas a thousand times and have never eaten at Peppermill...I could kick myself. This place has good food, huge portions, and great prices. After hitting up the club all night/morning my boyfriend and I were starving and were willing to settle for a Denny's but our cab driver decided to drop us off at Peppermill because he said the food and atmosphere is better...thank you Mr. Cabbie! The place is big, very neon, has a full bar, they take pictures at your booth/table, and the service is friendly. I ordered the Turkey Club Sandwich and it was DELISH!!! Huge portion and plenty of fries. I couldn't finish it all. My bf ordered the Nachos and he was about to order the large size when the waitress advised him to go with the small because it was pretty big. OMG...as the nachos approached the table everyone surrounding us had their jaws wide and I'm sure I saw some drool hit the floor. The small order was BIG and piled high with cheese, chicken, beef, beans, sour cream, salsa...it was too perfect. I tried helping him polish them off but we barely made a dent.I'm a fan of this restaurant...I would come here anytime :D
3	LOD 9HmmmmLate night - Milk Shake, Biscuits n Gravy, Onion Rings - maybe not in one sitting but this is a great diner style spot where the food is good!
1	Disgusting portions of cheap and unhealthy grub. And long lines.
4	great placefun atmospherelove the neon look it has the retro vegas lookthe fireside lounge is amazingthe amount of food is definitely worth the priceI'd say come here late night cuz during dinner time it gets packed and some of the food tends to be under the heat stand too long to where fries may get cold
5	Go to the Peppermill!This is the swankiest bar I've ever been inside.  It is on the strip.  It is old vegas.  The outside looks like a fast food restaurant.  Go inside.  Go to the fireside lounge:  Retro, seedy, red, fire, and still cool and smooth.  Tubbs and Crocket would drink here.  You'll want to see a wafer-thin model with a cocaine addiction pouring her legs out of a car in the parking lot.
4	As Frank Barone used to say, "Holy Crap!"  And I mean that in a good way.I walk into this place early on a Saturday morning and it's packed, with families, all-nighters, bikers and such.  My waitress tells me later this is nothing compared to when they have conventions, the place is wall-to-wall busy.Today, the place was hopping.  And so were the waitresses, who were wearing their tight skirts that fit right into the Vegas old school.  Lots of blue neon lights.I take a seat at the counter. Yes, the service here is a little slower, but hey, I was in no hurry.  Finally, my waitress offers me drink and a menu.   I look at the menu and have a hard time figuring out what I want because of the various options.  I pick the French Toast Ambrosia. A few minutes later, my long-legged waitress Jennifer brings me this plate of french toast that is covered with fruit and what looks like a half can of whipped cream.  I'm thinking, how in the world am I going to eat all this?  And as I look around, everyone else is being served huge volumes of food also.  At that moment, I decided that I am going to the Peppermill every time I go to Vegas and I'm bringing my friends.Yes, the food was very good.  No, I did not finish it all.  But it did make good leftovers.How did I miss this place after all these years?
5	Omigod, I don't know how we managed to miss this place in the 9 or so years we've been in Vegas!  I'd heard about it forever, but finally went after a performance of La Cage aux Folles at the Smith Center ran a lot longer than we expected.  It was late, we were very hungry, and I figured they'd be open.I was unprepared for all the neon.  But I LOVE neon, so this place had my kind of vibe.  It took a long time to slog through the big menu, but as we were looking I was also noticing the size of the portions passing by, so we decided to share an omelet, with hash browns and a toasted bagel.The omelet was gargantuan, and when I asked our waitress how many eggs it had, she said "about 10."  That meant four eggs for me, since I always make sure hubby has a bigger portion.  That's usually my quota for six months.  I've never been a big fan of home fries, but these were the bomb;  I just couldn't stop eating them.  My only nit was the bagel, which was barely toasted, but I think even more toasting couldn't have saved it.  You can't pass off this thing with a whole to a New Yorker and really get away with it.  It looked like a bagel, but didn't quack like one.We didn't have drinks, but had a good time looking at the mammoth drink being shared at the table next to us.  Next time we will indulge, either in the restaurant, or in the lounge, which I made sure to check out before we left.  Spectacular!, and I can't wait to try it.This all took place the night before I was to leave for Jersey for an extended period.  The next night, friends were arriving from the East Coast, and where did hubby take them?  You guessed righ.  And that couple liked it so much that all three of them went back the next night, too.   With all that food, I hope I'll recognize my husband by the time I get back!Peppermill is the closest thing to our beloved East Coast Greek diners, but in true Vegas style, glitzier, bigger, brighter, and over the top.  In a good way.
3	A local recommended Peppermill to my family on our recent trip to LV.  We went for brunch and found it was packed.  The neon lights made it look more like a strip club than a diner (I've never been to a strip club, I'm assuming from what I've seen on How I Met Your Mother...) We had about a 10 minute wait before we were seated- all of the staff were very friendly.I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap.  It was served with a massive amount of fries, but they had a funny taste (not sure what type of oil they use?).  My wrap had more tomatoes and lettuce than chicken, disappointingly..  My relatives ordered the french toast, which was a huge portion, and they really seemed to enjoy it.  Overall, an inexpensive place to eat with a variety of choices, but not a "top" restaurant by any means.
3	Huge portions. Country fried steak and eggs was good nice gravy and crispy fried steak. Service was slow.
5	I'm going to be very forgiving of some service issues because the food was just that good.  Our waitress seemed overwhelmed and got 3 aspects of our order messed up, but in the end it all got to our table and was phenomenal.  The omelets are the size of a half-football, which we noticed while being seated, so two of us split one (good choice) and still had some left over after stuffing ourselves.  We will absolutely go back next time we're in Vegas
3	This place should be called Disco Denny's. There's also a Denny's like a block from here.  The decor, neon lights everywhere, fire pits, waitress outfits, flamingo lights over the tables is something to behold.Portions are huge and prices are fare.  I ate here before for breakfast and enjoyed it much more than my last experience.Our waitress was slow to arrive.  Although they were not busy they sat us way way way in the back next to the family with screaming/hellbent children that were literally kicking glasses of water on the table. yeah kicking w/ their feet, why you ask? b/c they were standing on the table.  Notice there was some garbage items on the floor when we first got in there, later saw a guy sweeping them up. Looked at the menu, tried to decide on some real diner food. No grilled cheese on the menu?  No tomato soup?  Ordered the Gyro with fries, friend ordered a salad with a grilled cheese [they can make one]  and my veggie friend ordered the Caprese sandwich [she had some issues finding something to order and mentioned it wasn't very veggie friendly]Gyro arrived and it had this clumpy Tzatziki sauce on it made out of onions and something. It wasn't very good.  It was also very greasy.  I pushed some of the white slop off the top and ate the meat out of it.  The pita bread was soggie from the grease :(.  and it was also missing lettuce.  Everyone seemed to be ordering the sundaes.  Walked passed a guy who had his tennis shoes OFF and was eating his sundae, GROSS.I wasn't that impressed.
4	Can't go wrong with this flashback from the past.  Located just between Encore and Riviera this place has a good selection for you after the long night of drinking. They pretty much serve you their entire menu all day. For the price and the cost you are better here than the massive crowds at the buffets or hash hash spots in the city.
1	This place is SUUUPER cheesy looking.  From the outside, it looks as if this place has closed down.  Then you walk in and it is dimly lit, purple carpeting and neon lights scattered throughout.  The A/C is blowing as cold as possible, their are tourists and alcoholics everywhere, the waitresses are VERY scantily clad and you at first feel like you walked into a strip club by accident. The hot wings are decent at best, Munch's breakfast which is similar to a breakfast hash was not bad but not that good and I also ordered Joe's San Francisco special, which was definitely the best dish I had their.  Even this dish was maybe a 2 star at best, the only positive of this place is having fun watching the waitresses picking things up off the floor.  It was a good hangover pick me up, but then I got back to my hotel with a severe case of CHORRO!!!!....!!!Keep this in mind when considering coming here
4	AMG!!! A lot of food
4	Peppermill is popular amongst the Vegas clubbing crowd. I have no clue what this place would be like at regular hours of the day, but think Denny's or The Pantry. The prices reflect that of the Vegas markup too, but you come to expect that on the strip. The first thing that you would notice on the menu would be the breakfast emphasis. I've only done breakfast here and it's rather good, even at 4 am.-=-Southern fried steak-=- I got this meal with eggs. That's the perfect way to do chicken fried steak. It's definitely top 5 in my list of chicken fried steaks. You just can never go wrong with a fried piece of steak. The gravy that they add on top as well is savory, flavorful, and not too overbearing. If you want something breakfast meaty, and don't mind a huge chicken nugget, get this. I was able to get away with only eating half, and saving the rest for later, so fear not hungry men, this will fill you.
2	A lounge for more drinks after nightclubs or gentlemen's clubs, did we even need that? I was pretty drunk already... But it's Vegas, let's just drink all day everyday! I usually don't go to a place that is not in a hotel in Vegas, oh well.... We were there already...Just had a beer at lounge area while waiting for our food table, it was crowded at almost 5 in the morning. This place looks so old school Vegas, WTH.... The food wasn't so good, not a good place for Vegetarians or Pescetarians....:( service was extremely slow, but our waitress was friendly. This type of place is really not my thing, please let's just go back to our hotel to order room service like always.....;p
4	This place is hilarious!  We found it on Yelp (course) and were seriously surprised. LONG day of flights plus a workout in. We didn't want to get super decked out. Went literally from the fitness center in our hotel to Peppermill after walking down to the strip. We told the cab to take us here and he was cracking up.  We didn't get the joke till we arrived. Pretend and visualize you at a IHop/Denny's with ambiance lightening, dance music that serves alcohol. You have arrived at the Peppermill Lounge. LOL!!!! The food ROCKS here. Late that Saturday night we each had a mediterranean omelette with egg whites and hash browns.  Bran muffin for him, blueberry for me.  We barely said a word to each other. We just chowed! I kept eye balling these HUGE onion rings that were passing our table and said I HAD to go back at some point and get my onion rings.  It was a must-do. The next day for lunch we needed something sort of easy and quick. It was Sunday and we walked in around 1130 am to see a JAMMED room of people WAITING for tables to get in....I'm telling you, it's THAT good. We by-passed them and went to the Fireside Lounge side of the facility. We ordered a few cocktails a fruit/cheese plate, BIG bowl of Onion Rings as big as your head...and a plate of sliders. I didn't touch the fruit/cheese, overdosed on Onion Rings as planned and had a slider with maybe a few chips.  The food was again, awesome.  Next time I'm just getting those onion rings. :) We made fun of it yet went there TWICE.  We like our grub and it was worth going two times. Prices are more than fair and the staff is good.
5	What a gem! Be sure to grab a cocktail in the lounge, that is the best part!
4	My buddy Daniel recommended this place to me when I told him I was headed to Vegas. He saw it on No Reservations and I was automatically sold! I mean, who doesn't want the Bourdain experience?! So after an already long night of drinking, eating and more drinking my girlfriend and I hopped in a cab and ended up here and I'm glad we did! We didn't eat here but we did share a Scorpion. A tropical drink concoction that was the cap for the night! What is in it you ask? I'm not sure about everything but there is some pineapple and LOTS OF BOOZE...oh yeah and ICE CREAM! I don't think you will find it on the menu but you can order it. It's a cool throwback to old Vegas that includes an awesome lounge, fire pits and a mirrored ceiling! It's got tons of character and has become a 'must go to' spot for me anytime I will find myself in Las Vegas. Yes, it is over the top and cheesy but Vegas is all about excess anyways!
3	I went there for lunch because it was walking distance from the Springhill Suites. It was almost noon, but the place was packed with people, some of whom were drinking enormous cocktails. The cocktail waitress was scantily clad, and there was another woman with few clothes on offering to take pictures of couples and groups sitting at their banquettes. The service was fine. I had a "Cobb Salad," which was more like a chef's salad (no egg, no bleu cheese, but both turkey AND ham), but which was so large it came in something resembling a porcelain horse trough. I could only finish half of it and I felt bad about the waste of food. Total cost for my lunch, including my diet coke, was around $20. While this is more than I like to pay for lunch, I feel like I got my money's worth, between the dark-and-neon decor and the people-watching. If you are going to Las Vegas, go there once.
4	I came in around 1am on Saturday night for lounge.  Only ordered one drink, a mudslide and it was DELICIOUS.  However the lounge vibe felt kinda dead despite it being about 75% full.  Everyone was just sitting down without any mingling or activities among each other.  So after I finished my drink I seen no point in hanging around and left.
3	Pastrami Burger and Focaccia Sandwich. Very good.
5	This place is AWESOME! Recommend the fruit place w/sherbet. The Mello cream is fantastic. The steak salad was delicious, I'm going to be craving it till my next visit to LV!
3	3 stars for the decor, -1 star for the coke head waitress, -1 star for the horrible food.The decor, amazing. Really brings you back to the 80s Scarface style. Neon Lights, dark corners, and a huge fountain and fake trees galore. Really cool place to grab a drink afterhours.Now on to the waitress. This would have been funny if she didn't keep disappearing and we had to constantly go to the bar to get our drinks. several times she showed up to our table with a white powder substance on her nose. my friend who was a little on the drunk side cracked a joke to her about it and she just stared into space, I'm not even sure she knew what city she was in. I guess it makes for a good story now lol.The Food- oh man it was terrible. I was under the impression for whatever reason that they had amazing food there. But this certainly was not the case. We had the sampler with fried shrimp, mozzarella sticks, onion rings etc. Whatever batter they use to deep fry all of this was terrible. no flavor whatso ever. All in all i will go back simply just for drinks and the decor. It is one of the better late night places in town to just chill out.
4	I am a fan of The Peppermill Restaurant.  I went this morning for breakfast and it was just what I expected.  I ordered a pancakes, eggs, bacon,sausages, hashbrown and shared it with my sister.  The meal was huge.  Very good service and quick on refills.  I can see why it's a local favorite.
5	Best place to eat in Vegas the morning after.  Enormous portions ("huge" doesn't do them justice, they're so big), decent prices and a cool 80s-ish lighting scheme plays up the Vegas experience while hungover.  Fireside lounge is pretty awesome; I'd suggest having a drink or two with a small group around the fire.  The ambiance is amazing.  It's different than what you'll find in the rest of sin city.  Everything from the food to the coffee to the rainbow sugar sprinkles are fantastic.  Check it out before you leave town for home; your friends will be impressed that you know of such a "local" spot and you won't be disappointed.  Been coming here for years and plan to continue!  Perfect way to wrap up a weekend in Vegas.  Also, be sure to order breakfast.  Always the best.
5	Always enjoy my visits to Vegas with a stop at Peppermill. Food is always good and plentiful and service has always been good. We love the breakfast here.
1	I have been to the Fireside Lounge a few times now... The experience has been the same. Good atmosphere and good drinks, but the service it HORRIBLE. I took my family there last night who are visiting from out of town as I thought they would enjoy the atmosphere, but after an hour of waiting for two appetizers we ordered and asking where is our food.... We finally received our bill (already charged to my card as they had held it). Right after that we got the cheese plate we had ordered, with blocked cheese that looked like it came from Walmart! and the bbq chicken pizza.... Well it NEVER came, but was charged to my card nonetheless.I asked to speak with a manager after, but she was rude and could care less, and as a resident of Las Vegas I am very disappointed that they treat my guests like that.If you want to go here, my advice is this - eat first and bring a flask... You'll need it!
5	Oh! When I am sitting at home in New England, the Peppermill is what I dream of. Here's the deal.....the food is straight up Denny's. Only there is a TON of it. But who cares....toast your toes 'round the awesome water feature/gas jet in the Fireside Lounge. Order a giant Blue Hawaiian and admire the server's slinky, thigh-high slit evening gown. Zone out on the weird music videos on the little TV's.  Be hilarious and put three straws together to sip on someone's wacky drink across the way. And lighten up. This place is the last of a dying breed. The world today needs way more fake trees, mirrors, and awesome neon lighting.
3	With its flashy neon on the outside and its pink neon on the inside, this place oozes cheese, old timer vibes, and memories of Vegas yesteryears.  Amazingly, I did not see the ghost of Liberace which I kept looking for in the corner of the room.  How I managed to avoid this landmark for my seven years in this town is beyond me.This review is for the Fireside Lounge only.The bar was surprisingly busy, filled with a loud bachelorette party, couples lost in each other's eyes, and....a prostitute?  Definitely an interesting crowd.  It's more of a date spot, so if you are looking to meet people (other than prostitutes) you may want to think twice before coming here.The bartender looked irritated and wasn't friendly and I don't understand the long gowns they make the poor cocktail waitresses wear.  Drinks are a little overpriced considering this really isn't a part of the Strip where tourists hang out.  A beer and a vodka cranberry cost $13.I have to mention that the floor was FILTHY.  It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in about two weeks.  Bleh.The Fireside Lounge is a place that is trying to cling to its '70's heyday and I like it.  Vegas needs more old-school.  Now if only they can clean the floor and liven up the bartenders then I could see myself stopping by more often.
3	Huge portions at decent prices. Love the fact that Peppermill is open 24 hours. Now the prices are probably based on its location on the strip, which makes it convenient for post-club hopping.The interior is very retro like all diners should be but it could do without all the fake plants hovering over your food. It looked like it was regularly clean but let's hope it truly is.
5	This is a must see, must do Vegas bar if you're into the history of Las Vegas. Drinks aren't outrageously priced as they are everywhere else on the strip and you can't beat the vibe in here.  A scene with DeNiro and Sharon Stone was filmed in the Fireside Lounge in the movie Casino...go for that reason alone!
2	Obscene servings.  Probably perfect for the hangover.  Interest items, taste okay.  Good customer service.  Old style Vegas decor.
5	Do not miss this place if you are looking for great food for breakfast or lunch.  The long may look long, but it moves very fast.  Service is great and the portions are huge.
5	If you come to Vegas, you gotta come to this place for brunch after a long night out on the town.  It is just so goddamn cool, it is ridiculous.This is a restaurant that looks like a strip club on the inside.  Neon pink and blue lights everywhere and a lounge that makes you feel like you are in the heart of Dirty Vegas.  Fireside Lounge looks absolutely incredible.  I will be back!I had a simple breakfast platter which was extremely filling and the portions were generous.  Having a separate cocktail waitress come around and offer you alcohol at 10 am was interesting too.  Not bad at all.I will be making it back here on future Vegas adventures.  No doubt.
4	Please do yourself a favor and venture of the strip to the Peppermill. Huge portions and affordable prices for the amount of food you get. And the best part, the food is great! Chicken Fried Steak was on point! Drinks were huge & reasonably price. The decor was the most brilliant, grotesque thing I'd ever seen.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Peppermill...ANYTIME I go to Vegas, HAVE to go their for breakfast!!! The portions are HUGE, the place is SUPER clean, ALWAYS crowded and the waitress's have all been working there 8 yrs or longer...Good to see that they are good at their job and they like what they do!Food is excellent....staff is wonderful..no need to say more, just GO EAT THERE!
4	Super sized helpings!  Try the Nachos Nachos Nachos with a few friends to be able to finish it!
4	I can't believe I have never ate here! So good! The Cobb salad was amazing! Hubby had an omelet and was very satisfied! You will def. be leaving with to-go boxes!
5	Big portions. Lots of choices on the menu. Decent value too. Breakfast served all day. Beers are 5.50 or do , so not cheap especially compared to casinos. The neon lights does give a bit of strip club atmosphere but its bright enough to see and eat and it's actually a cool atmosphere.  Only downside was the leather booths made my butt sweat! And some of the booths make for oddly arranged seating.
4	Great Breakfast / Brunch spot!  Lots of tasty options and I love the neon and decor!
4	My 7th time in Vegas, 1st time here.  You NEED to check it out.  Get a Bloody Mary and wait by fire pit until your table is ready.  Huge portions, good comfort food.  People that complain that it's expensive (which it's not) are best advised to hit the nearby Denny's.
4	It is surreal in the best of ways.Facing a grim flight after nearly a week of avoiding casinolands and focusing instead on the awesome climbing and desert hiking that the area contains, I was hesitant to go into a place that I'd imagined as a kind of cartoon of a Vegas cliche. I relented primarily because it looked a reliable redoubt against the desert heat.Guess what?It was a cartoon of a Vegas cliche on steroids and psychedelics and it is truly a worthwhile stop.With cocktail servers who all look like they stepped from a TV commercial opposite Ricardo Montalban, a surreal decor that verily shouts 1970s pickup scene, and a fountain that shoots flames, the important thing here to note is that they serve cocktails in glasses bigger than my head (and I'm a bit macrocephalous), it has subsequently become my most ritualized stop in Las Vegas.I can't speak for the restaurant side. Because I don't know why you wouldn't just stay in the lounge side.
5	Love their breakfasts!!
3	There was a super long wait on Saturday morning. For all the hype, the food was ok, nothing crazy. The pancakes are ginormous and super dense. The sausage was really delicious, the bacon wasn't my fave. The inside felt like a darker, purpler Sizzler straight out of 1990. One more star just for having the sparkly fun and colorful rock crystal sugar in the sugar dispenser on the table.
2	Um, yuck. First, let me say that I don't like diner food, I detest "breakfast" foods (pancakes, waffles, maple syrup, sausages, etc.: OMG vom) and "traditional" "American" food barely qualifies as food IMO. (Pizza, burgers and chow mein: now THAT's American! Meatloaf and steak & eggs: ICK!) So to say that this is not the place for me is an understatement. It IS, however, open 24/7 and near-ish my hotel.First trip: I ordered fettucine alfredo with shrimp. The portion size was not as big as a lot of places, but that's OK because it was gross. The sauce was gummy and didn't taste fresh, the few shrimp were large, but a little tough, and the noodles were not what you'd call al dente. The garlic bread with "cheese" on it was revolting.My mum ordered the Chicken & Red Pepper Pasta. Hers was better than mine, though her penne was also overcooked. The sauce was pretty good, the red pepper strips were, I swear, Mezetta brand right out of the jar (but I like those), and they were right on the money when they described it as chicken stuffed with herbs and cream cheese; it tasted just like Philadelphia Cooking Creme Italian Cheese & Herb flavour.Second trip: I ordered New York steak and Shrimp Scampi. I ordered it cooked medium, it was definitely well done. The shrimp were, too. My mother ordered some icky breakfast foods, so I didn't taste them, but she said they were OK.I think if you like breakfast foods (served all day) and diner food, you'll like this place, but I will avoid it. The waitresses were cute and helpful, though. And the decor is amusing.
4	Very good food at 5:30 in the morning!! Very good omelette's and super huge pancakes.  Open all night across the street from Circus Circus!!  All of the food ordered was very good and great for the price!!  Affordable and good!  What more can you ask for in a meal?
4	I have been going to the Peppermill forever and throughout the years it has remained one of those Very-Vegas places to eat. Though the times and the menu have changed a bit over the years, the atmosphere of the place has remained pretty much the same. The menu changing is actually a good thing. The portion of the food have diminished somewhat, which makes their meals much more manageable. They used to be so large that you were almost forced to eat too much. Now, they are just about right.The place can get crowded at times and depending on who is taking care of you, the service can be touch and go. But, this restaurant remains a must go to on the Vegas strip. It is like stepping back by a decade or two.
4	Solid 4 stars.  Huge portions - I had the eggs benedict both times I ate here.  Just too good to pass up.  Not the best I have ever had (thus the 4 stars) but this place is solid for breakfast lovers.  The French Toast plate looked amazing and more food than anyone I went with could eat.  This is a 5 or 6 am place to hit after you have been drinking all night and still have not made it to bed just yet.
4	Many years ago, a young boy sat in a diner with his sister and dad, tired after a long run at Circus Circus. Nope, not the midway but instead I was on a heater a the craps table.Anyhow, I have a vivid memory of gigantic ice cream mountains here. Our group of 16 wanted to know if it was true or merely romanticism of good times past. When the food came out, all we could do was laugh.Omelets made of dinosaur eggs (probably), ice cream scooped using shovels and a fruit plate that could have been used for a company party. Amazing and just hilarious. The Peppermill omelet, as big as it was, tasted very good. Loved the hash browns too. The banana split was right on - QUALITY ice cream and bananas. The kicker was our service. Very funny, helpful and was very communicative about our table. Oh yeah, hung out at the kitchy lounge sipping on bloody marys. TVs with music videos including greats like One Direction. Wonderful.
4	I can't give this place a 5-star review because I was pretty darn drunk when I went. The atmosphere is great at 4:30 in the morning. When you are slightly about to have  a hangover and are just stumbling out of some afterhours club and are not ready to see the sun yet...this place is perfect. Go, grab a delicious bloody mary, sit by the fire fountains, or get a table. Order yourself one of their great 10-egg omelets (I ordered one that had crab and avocado in it). It is a great place to go with your friends to fill up on pre-hangover food and sober up.
3	I ordered a Belgian waffle which was good.  My sister ordered the chicken strips and fries.  Her plate was mainly filled with fries.  My friend ordered a milkshake and we wondered where her silver mixing cup was with the rest of the milkshake.  Our waitress was a bit on the slow side and she was not very polite.  The food was good, the service could have been better.  It was funny looking at all the different outfits the employees were wearing.
4	I always seem to end up here after a night of hard drinking on the strip, which isn't very often. The portions are insanely huge but I always manage to make a dent during those early morning visits. The staff is always friendly and I LOVE the old school ambience.
5	This place is just THE BEST,. A very old well kept tradition and very Vegas.. Large portions, kitchy kool wait staff always a great meal at a reasonable price... Beats the buffets hands down.. no contest. Fireside is great too!
4	If you ever wondered why people are sooo fat go to this restaurant. Slap my thigh but damn are the portions huge. That aside, looks like a 70's night club, great service, alcohol 24/7 of course. Funny though going to breakfast feeling like shit and being served a cocktail with your pancakes by a girl in a evening dress.  Yes its on the strip but further up by circus circus on your right. Lots of parking,
5	Order the scorpion on the rocks or with ice cream. You wont be sorry. Don't forget to go back to the Fireside Lounge for an after breakfast cocktail.
5	Fireside lounge is the affordable, best lounge you have!Great food, even their French fries tasted yummy... Onion rings, brushetta, chicken wings, nachos (order them with low cheese, they are very generous to pour a pound of cheese)... Love the seating arrangements, Quick service, good looking waitresses ;-)
1	The food that we had was amazing but the service ... not at all. First it was so slow, secondly the waitress looks like she's very tired. It was our God-sister's birthday on that day and when asked if there's anything special, she said we can get the cake & she or the rest will sing it. We rather sing to here ourselves. The food came about 50 mins later without the garlic bread that was supposed to be there together. When we called for the manager to at least feedback to her what had happened, she said "what will make us happy"? So I said, comp the birthday girl's food. She did not do that but gave us 20% off. Anyway, we will not be back there again. :-(.
4	I took my relatives here for a late dinner. I love it because it feels like Vegas with neon illuminating all over. It's a flashy place all the way to the colorful sugar crystals on the table. I remember when I first moved here we would frequent this place often. It was nice to see it really hadn't changed.I started with the Tortilla soup because it was chilly in there. The soup was huge but too salty for me.  I only had a couple spoonfuls. I shared half of a roast beef sandwich with my brother. It was a good size. It was yummy and the veggies on it were fresh ! My cousin ordered the appetizer that came with chicken tenders, bruschetta, onion rings,  mozzarella sticks,  onion rings and butterfly shrimp. It was enough to share with the five of us. We still had left overs! The shrimp was my favorite because they were big and crunchy. We all shared a huge sundae which was tasty brimming with gooey chocolate ...yum!
5	This is exactly what I picture when I think of Vegas. We drank cocktails by a fire while extremely hungover, then ate our body weight in grease and fried pork served by ladies in nylons and polyester until we felt human again. Get the Munch's Breakfast with a side of bacon.  Share it with a friend.  Regain a little dignity. According to our shuttle driver, "Denny's is like kissing your brother, Peppermill is like kissing your lover."  Verdict is still out on that one, but...Bottom Line: I'll see you next time Peppermill.
1	This place is a joke. Maybe I am missing something, but any remnant of Rat Pack or previous organized Las Vegas business elements (wink, wink, nod, nod) is not evident. Maybe stains they left behind. Seriously. Have you seen this place? The diner stinks like old grease and dirty dish rag. The fireside lounge, well, let's just say, I threw all my clothes in the wash that I was wearing when I sat on those sofas. It does not evoke any coolness of the rough and tumble Vegas that some want to believe. It's more of a slimy, seedy underbelly. I need to go take another shower.
4	My S.O. and I went here the other day after attending an awesome Shins concert at the Hardrock Hotel. I've been wanting to try Peppermill for a while now, especially with all the reviews. We talked to a few locals who were concert go-ers that night and they highly recommended that we head over to Peppermill.  When you are driving there, just be aware that Peppermill is located somewhat off the strip by the Convention Center. It's next to a Ross and there is ample public parking.We entered into Peppermill and it was like stepping into a cheezy night club/vegas dive bar/I really don't even know what. The decor is super cheezy and kitchy. I loved it.  It's definitely one of those "you must experience it for yourself" kind of places.I ordered the eggs benedict per my fellow yelper's recommendations.  I loved the hollendaise sauce and the portion size was amazing. The hash browns were cooked a little longer than usual and they were crunchy and tasty.The S.O. ordered a feta omelette and I'm not sure what kind of beast of a creation came out.  As the S.O. was eating his omelette, he said, "Geeze, I'm getting full, I wonder how many eggs are in this thing?" The waitress replied, "Anywhere from 10-12 eggs." Holy heart attack, Batman! So what's the point you ask? Share, share, share!  The portions are plentiful here.The service was also very friendly and great. The place was a little dead but I think that's only because it was a Thursday night.If you are in Vegas and want a good late night dinner, I highly recommend Peppermill.
1	Absolutely awful meal from start to finish. While they provide decent sized coffee mugs, the content is subpar. The omelette I had was over cooked and a horribly gloppy thick sauce was spread over the top.  My friends' pancakes were laden with baking powder and had no flavor.The entire place smells of smoke and, while the people watching was awesome, you can do that anywhere in Vegas. Our server was attentive, but the food was just abysmal.  Almost everyone felt slightly ill after eating. I would recommend staying away.
4	Well you cant really go wrong at peppermill. All their food is actually pretty on point. I love the sampler appetizer simply bc there chicken quesadilas are really tasty. Only reason they dont get 5 Star is their prices are too High. But hey it is on the las vegas strip so Wat do u expect? Complementary honey roasted peanuts in lounge is a plus. But heres my biggest tip. FRENCH TOAST AMBROSIA. sooooo gooood. Love the purple boisenberry (I think) syrup. Loaded with fruit. Orgasm in my mouth. Probably best french toast dish ive ever had. Layout of this restraunts pretty dope as well. Looks like whoever designed it was on shrooms. Lol. Cool place.
4	I've been here twice on two separate Vegas trips. For the first, I was hungover and looking for something heavy and tasty to calm my stomache, and for the second I was completely blitzed and practically falling asleep at the table. Both times, Peppermill gave me exactly what I needed: a giant cup of coffee, a huge plate of diner-style food, and a fun environment to eat in. The food wasn't stellar, nor was it bad. It just hit the spot both times.This place may not be getting Michelin stars anytime soon, but it sure beats the hell out of eating watery eggs at Denny's at 4am.
2	I have never been impressed with the food at the Peppermill, though its the kind of place that I end up at with friends now and then. It doesn't close and s sort of a Las Vegas late night staple. The service has always been prompt, both in the fireside lounge and in the diner area... but the food.. is just not that good? I recently had a buffalo chicken wrap that was pretty much overly laden with ranch dressing and not alot of meat, or 'buffalo' style spicy sauce. My friend had a spinach and feta omelet that was not only cold, but flavorless. How that was achieved with feta in the mix, I am unsure. Overall it was unsatisfactory, but we were hungry and tired and went with it. I didn't finish my wrap, I gave it to a buddy and he complained of the excess ranch and lack of everything else as well. $81 for 3-4 entrees, some hot coffee and tea, and alot of ranch,. I am not rushing back. The main thing I have ever ordered at the Peppermill in the past, was an Irish-Coffee with whipped cream from the bar in the Fireside Lounge. I will stick to that on any return visit from now on.
4	I've been coming here since I was old enough to start visiting Vegas so this place has a lot of memories for me. (Sitting around the table with a bunch of friends at 4am digging into a MOUNTAIN of nachos.)      Now I only get to visit once a year, since I no longer live just a few hours from Vegas. Some visits have been better than others for sure, but I don't think I've ever walked out unhappy. This time I had the Mediterranean omelet ($14), which was good and the creme brulee ($7), which was OK.The Good:Not only was the omelet huge but more importantly it was good. There was plenty of pretty good quality shrimp and a fair dose of crab. The Hollandaise sauce was flavorful and complimented it well without taking away from the flavor of the shrimp and crab.The Bad:The only complaint, and it's not a severe one, is the waitress didn't do a very good job of keeping up with our drinks. It was just bad enough to be annoying, not bad enough to be frustrating.The Indifferent:The hash browns that came with the omelet were fairly unremarkable but I have to warn you, while I will eat them, I'm not a huge fan of hash browns so you might want to take my opinion on this with a little caution.      While I don't really expect much from creme brulee, I have had a couple that I really savored. This one wasn't in that category, while it was good enough it wasn't any better or worse than the average.
4	What a great place to just hang out, relax with friends and people watch, a real throwback type place, lots of neon and mirrors, so tacky but done in a way that actually doesn't make it seem tacky.For some reason I think the place used to be darker, with the higher level of lighting it has lost a little bit of the "secret hideaway" atmosphere, but heck I like it and it isn't far to walk to get some good food.
3	Everyone was super friendly. It took our waiter forever to come though. It was fine, they were packed so we were understanding. My daughter ordered a kids meal and I ordered an adult entree. My entree came with a chicken noodle soup. It was good. So good, that my daughter ate that and was full by the time her own food came out (which was a ridiculously huge portion by the way). I had the New york steak dinner with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. My mashed potatoes were awful. My mushrooms were too garlicky, unedibley garlicky and my steak was plain. Lucky for them that is how i like my steak because it has no flavor, none. my aunt had some kind of fusilli pasta with pancetta and tomatoes, which was very good. the best thing anyone at the table ordered actually. and it was way overpriced for what we got. I know the portions are huge, but i would have gladly had a smaller meal with a smaller price tag. half of our meal got tossed because we couldn't finish it anyway. live and learn.
5	Awesome diner with an upbeat vibe.  Food is served in huge portions and can always be shared.
5	My boyfriend and I heard so much good about this place before going to Vegas so we had to try it. We were happily IMPRESSED!Great food, awesome service, fast, and the atmosphere was one of a kind.We went here for breakfast and let me tell you, we were STUFFED by the time we left. They give very big portions of food. I got an omelette with hashbrowns and toast, he got country fried steak, with hashbrowns and toast as well. Neither of us could finish our meals. Our waitress was very quick and polite. The place was just fun to be at. They came and took our picture once we were finished eating and gave it to us as a souvenir (we liked that a lot). They also serve very big and delicious mimosas.If you're in Vegas, TRY THIS PLACE! You will love it! :)
3	Pepper mill is a-ok because of its attentive staff, obese portion sizes, and large local gathering. The food is ok, somewhat tasty but not orgasmic (kinda like buffet food).I had an omelette, and a chicken parm (on separate visits). Both were split between two hungry ppl and we still couldnt finish the food in front of us. The price was a bit expensive for the food quality: think of this place as an upgraded Denny's.Oh, the food quality soars when you come here in the wee hours, for whatever reason. Lol. It's open 24 hours, so enjoy!
5	Stars for decor, good food, reasonable prices, nice waitresses.. I had a pretty nice experience - it was our New Year's choice :)I've heard salutes from all hotels all over Vegas - came out to see and shout with everybody for a while. Later came back and continued our party :) Appreciated food and alcohol beverages. First was fresh, professionally made, big portions, delicious! Second - lil bit overpriced, but it's New Year's night - who's not trying to make money, right? :)
4	Oh my!  HUGE portions.  Cool other side with fireplace and dark cool ambience.
5	Great pastrami sandwich on the way back to my hotel.  Very friendly staff!
3	Your standard diner. Huge portions, typical menu, comfy seating to reflect on your crazy Vegas adventures. The food isn't Michelin star quality, but you're probably looking for some drunchies anyway! It will be perfect. A little ways down the strip but worth the work getting there.
4	During the fateful New Year's trip to Vegas, the Peppermill saved our lives time and time again simply by being the closest food source in the proximity of Circus Circus.Inexpensive and inoffensive. That's how I viewed the restaurant and food. It was early bird specials all over the place. The food might have glimpsed a spice rack in the distance while it was traveling to our table, but it didn't stop to say hello or mingle with anything flavorful. But really, when you're drunk and hungry, tastes get in the way of the  barnyard biological imperative to stuff yourself and soak up the booze.The waitresses were incredibly friendly, but seemed over-worked as they would accidentally abandon tables to time and history periodically. We recruited the woman hawking souvenir photos to find us someone capable of refilling our coffee and averted disaster that way.Go if you have time to kill and like bland diner food. Old white folks should love this joint.
4	The food is great & the portions are big. The food is a bit pricey but it is worth it. I love the trees in the inside, but our service wasnt the best & she messed up our order or I would have given it 5 stars.
2	After reading mixed reviews, I decided I wanted to try this place out anyways.Came here late last night with my boyfriend. The setup and decorations were pretty neat.After opening my menu, all that ran through my mind was "Denny's food but double the price," so I expected the food to be good.. Or at least somewhat decent.. Wrong. We ordered the sampler to share, and neither one of us liked a single thing from the sampler, if you want cheaper and better diner food, go to Denny's or iHop.Two stars because our server was very nice, and inside was cool. Food was not good at all.
4	I simply adore the interior! Love the colors and everything. I'm not sure why, it just speaks to me, I guess.WHAT WAS ORDERED:Marco Polo Omelet-- friend got this and I wasn't a big fan of itFruit Fantasia Waffle-- loved it :) especially the blue syrup that comes with it :DFrench Toast Ambrosia-- similar to the Fruit Fantasia Waffle, except, it's French Toast :)My friends and I all agree that they have huge portions. I don't think any of us has actually finished all our food! Haven't had any complaints about the service. You can split your bill within your party up at the counter.Will be back again soon :0).
2	Pretty gross breakfast. The only reason they are getting any stars is because the waitress was nice enough to take some of the food off the bill when she asked how I liked it and I answered honestly
3	Diner type food, smoothe Technicolor interior. Excellent lounge in the back.
4	how can you not love peppermill? portions are huge, quality is like diner food. funky retro interior is the real reason you go. my sister and I shared a club sandwich with onion rings and we still had food left over. so even though it seemed like a pricey sandwich it really was a ton of food. it can get very busy for late breakfast. i think they're open 24 hours and have a full bar. the servers are nice and pretty chill, especially if it's not busy.
5	Every dish's amount is huge! Sometimes 2 friends can share one dish. Taste good, service excellent and worth well. Need to wait normally.
4	Love the Ambiance,  Food was ok !! I think they need New Chef..Its like a Denny's... Defenitely can make more $$$ if menu's were change and make it more exciting... Like I said Place looks Great !!
5	What don't I love about this place. The decor looks like you stepped into Elton John's living room (as if I know..haha). Every time I've eaten there the waitress's have always been very attentive, Oh and they aren't bad looking. The prices may seem a little high at first, but when you see the portion sizes, the prices are reasonable.
5	Peppermill is by far my favorite place in vegas!!!! I love that they are true to who they are and haven't changed their decor to look more modern. I love the atmosphere and the portions are huge!!! Being open 24/7 is a plus too. Nothing like a huge quesadilla at 3am after drinking lol. The staff is sooo friendly too. I stop here every time I go through vegas
4	We visit Vegas several times a year so we like to find new (to us) & interesting places to try.  In perusing Tripadvisor while sitting in the Firefly parking lot (our go-to place) we came upon Peppermill restaurant & decided to try it based on review of locals.  Oh my, what a trip.We drove up to this restaurant down toward the older part of the strip around 11:20AM on a Saturday  morning; there were people waiting outside.  We decided to try it anyway & went inside the where the hostess took our name for a 35 minute wait.  We went to check out the lounge - you MUST check out the lounge.Tacky might be a good adjective but fun tacky like a walk back into the 70s.  Neon lights, mirrors and silk/plastic florals & greenery throughout the darkened room illuminated with multiple tvs playing music videos from days past; seating is in semi-circular pit arrangements.  The bar was full with some patrons playing video poker while others just took in the scene.  The focal point of the lounge, however, is the step down fire pit with the flame glowing in the middle of a pool of water.  There was a guest of honor from a bachelorette party interestingly clad with various monetary units & mints hanging from her ensemble hamming it up two couples who wandered in with their 70's garb and took multiple "what happens in Vegas stays..." photos.  It was a free show!  Oh, the drinks were fine - my bloody Mary was a bit pricey but it did come in a hurricane glass (remember those?)When our name was called for brunch - we were seated at a window booth (all booth seating).  The floral motif continued and was accompanied by tiffany style lighting.  We saw omelets the size of your head go by - and the line outside continued.  Since it was the noon hour by this time we chose to order sliders & pesto chicken sandwich from our waitress wearing a carhop type of getup (short skirt).  Both food orders were really good and accompanied by a copious pile of fries. Peppermill seems to be a local favorite but many taxis came through too.  The after noon timeframe brought in a younger set of patrons - the line had gotten a bit shorter but it would no doubt get longer as the late night crowd woke from their night of partying.  It's on our list for a return visit.
4	This place is a Vegas landmark!!!!  Great atmosphere and very clean for a 24 hr diner !!!!   5 stars on cleanliness!!!!  The Crab cakes are a must try,  cuz they were the favorite on our order  !!!!!! We also had a burger and was done pefecrtly !!!  Will come again to try breakfast items.
4	wow this place was poppin for a wed night! of course it was Valentine;s Day! After waiting 20 min finally got seated! the decor is retro cool- it is dark inside even in the day time - with pink tress and neon lighting. Overall it was clean and the service was good.the portions are very large! I ordered the mushroom burger w onion rings (good enough for 2 girls that do not eat much lol ) A guy came up and took our picture for free! i went to the other side and checked out the lounge which was SUPER trippy! bonfire water pits and more trees - the waitresses have on cool uniforms setting the scene If and when in Vegas - try it out!
5	I'm obsessed with their lounge area.
4	Sometimes the service is really slow. It happens a lot when I come here. However, I love the food and I love the ambience. It's a great Vegas tradition for me. Late night, mid day it's all good.
5	This place is A-OK. We only stopped by briefly for a drink at the bar but I loved this place! It reminds me of a New Jersey diner. It brought me right back home. There's fire pits and these pretty water fountains. An average but cool bar. We ordered two drinks from their custom menu. I had their Godiva martini--It's to die for! and my husband had a guy drink.We will return late night again to check out their food because I heard MANY good things :)
2	This place is a real mixed bag. I'll say don't bother with the food and leave the details up to the multitude of other reviews that said all that needed to be said.Kicking back in the lounge, the fellow patrons are a real example of one side of Vegas. I can't hold too much against the place, but watching what had to be the most awkward romantic failures was somewhere between unbearable and utterly amusing.The cocktails are another story. The Singapore Sling was fairly average. Some people might appreciate that, but I consider it a sin. Their gimlet tasted like drinking pure sweetened lime juice. The cocktails weren't horrifyingly expensive, but they were so weak and unimpressive that it just fell apart. The waitress was nice. Second star for her and the atmosphere.
5	I love this place. Went here with my bf and we ordered the "small" nachos and they were huge. We both couldn't finish them. We go in the lounge and enjoy a seat by the fire. The lounge is kind of an older crowd but on date night it doesn't matter. I think the drinks range around $7. Get the Scorpion! It's $20, but worth it!!! The service is sometimes on the slow side in the lounge, but I love this place and would go back!!!
5	I never visit Vegas without coming here to drink in their waiting lounge and eat the peanuts in a baby jar on the table! I usually order biscuits and gravy and of course cocktails with breakfast because it's VEGAS!  The Peppermill is my legendary spot to eat and I will go out of my way to eat here. I don't mind the wait because I go into the back lounge and drink until my table is ready.  ((HUGS)) to my fav place to eat.
4	The portions in this place are huge.  My wife got the Mediterranean omelet. It was big, looked like it was made with 8 eggs. The filling was just okay and so was the sun dried tomato sauce. The hashbrowns were great, crispy and seasoned well. I ordered the sausage scramble on top of hashbrowns with a cheese sauce.  The cheese sauce was fake and had an off color but actually tasted good with the eggs and hashbrowns.  The sausage and the ingredients in the scramble were really good. I would eat here again. Decent food for a diner.
2	Loud colors. Sugary drinks. Average food.  Meh
5	Walking into the Peppermill is a throwback to old vegas.  Its where you could invision Sammy Davis Jr or old Blue Eyes to be hanging out for breakfast or a late night snack.  Peppermill is away from the hussle and bussle of the mega resorts but sits conveniently next to the Riviera Hotel with its own easy access parking lot right off the strip.  I came here with a friend's suggestion for breakfast and it was a refreshing change from the overpriced, small portioned offerings in the touristy casinos.  Peppermill has HUGE portions, I ordered the pancake combo for $12.99 which consisted of 3 pancakes as large as a dinner plate, 3 eggs, 2 bacon and 2 sausage.  Not only is this a great value price wise, but the portions are probably double of what you would get elsewhere.  My friend got the chicken and spinach omlete made from 10 eggs!  It was a monster of a dish and delicious at that.  The customers seemed to be a mix of vegas locals and tourists but the vibe was comfortable and inviting.  Service was excellent and attentive.  Would definitely come here again next time I'm in vegas.  Oh, forgot to mention they are 24 hours and offer a full bar, nice!
3	so there really should be two separate listings for the restaurant and the lounge because it's night and day. my friend chose this place to have a quick birthday dinner before a night on the town. the outside of this place looks very outdated and not classy at all. but based on the reviews and the location of this place, we decided to give it a try.inside is just as worse as it looks on the outside. its like a 1970's ate up the amazon forest and threw it up in here. decor is just horrible. we took a peak inside the Fireside Lounge and at least that part looked a lot better but unfortunately, they don't serve the full menu which was what most of the people in our party wanted. anyway, we were seated in a long booth for our party of 9, all facing the same direction which was really awkward so we asked to have a few extra chairs so that we could sit across from each other instead of sitting on a bench and having to yell like we were benchwarmers. luckily the servers were nice enough to let us do that even though we would be blocking the walk way. the menu was pretty extensive, but honestly, it's just like a typical diner. some of us ordered breakfast, some just a salad, some ordered sandwiches. none were spectacular. i shared the gyro sandwiches which came with a side of sweet potato fries for $12. it was OK. my review may sound pretty rough but i'll still give it 3 stars because it wasn't too horrible. it's just a glorified Denny's on the Vegas strip...even though that's STILL not saying much. at least the service wasn't bad.
4	This review is based on visiting their bar/lounge area.I have not dined here.This place is fantastic on a date or better yet on a first date.Atmosphere is dim. Truly romantic with the fire pit.Service is great.Drinks can be a little pricey, but what do you expect when you're not at a gaming table or slot machine getting them for free.The outside can be a little off putting as it looks like it's a Denny's or something.Weekdays can be just as busy as a weekend on some occasions.
2	I thought this place was kind of lame. We went on a Sat night from like 11pm-1am and it was kind of dead. The lounge had enough people to take up the chairs around the 1 fire pit they had but besides that, pretty much no one. The food if I may quote another yelper is like overpriced Denny's food. The service sucked in both the restaurant  and lounge. So in the restaurant they have the food runner ask your drink order but if you order alcohol then the waitress has to take that order. I guess the food runner's not allowed to serve alcohol or she just wasn't old enough to serve alcohol I'm assuming. Anyhow, that was kind of annoying. Not too mention the waitress took forever to actually come over to take that order, then forgot a drink. The lounge sucked too. Kind of dirty as in the couches you sit on and the floor. We went in and sat ourselves and waited and waited but no one asked if we wanted drinks. So I went to the bar and ordered our drinks which were kind of pricey and didn't have much alcohol in them. As I pull out my lil wad of money I could see the cocktail waitress standing to the left of the bar eyeballing and giving me a dirty look. Probably cause I went to the bar myself but hey, if you snooze you loose chick. Should have taken our order when we walked in. I gave em 2 stars cause it wasn't horrible and since it does serve food 24 hours a day. I just didn't feel it was worth my money or time. I really not sure why they have 4 stars on yelp. Maybe their breakfast is good I guess.  I more then likely won't be coming back unless I can't get any late night food somewhere else Vegas. Then maybe I'd think about it.
4	Go around 8am for some seriously fantastic Vegas people-watching. None of whom, naturally, have even been to bed yet or are even remotely sober.The prices are a little steep (it's Vegas), but the portions are worth it and it's all quite yummy. Very solid biscuits & gravy (and it's a giant serving). The mimosas are also not only quite large, they're not mostly OJ!Seems to be a very popular Vegas staple and with good reason. I'd say it's a must-do for breakfast.
4	Despite a long walk from where we were staying, Peppermill was quite the epic feast with Kathleen W. and the birthday girl Ina S. + bf Alex P.When first entering, I could hear the "Awws" from the girls as they noted the neon lights, blossoming trees, and ambience inside. Definitely an old-school romantic diner type feel. Got seated at a booth and had a pretty hard time choosing between their menu ranging from Southern fried steak to breakfast foods to pasta. While deciding, we got our picture taken in the booth, whcih we got to keep - cute.Ended up ordering the following and definitely had to split up to the ginormous portions:-Seafood omelette: Even split two-ways between Kathleen W. and I wasn't enough to finish this. Filled with shrimp and crab, we wondered how many eggs went in this breakfast monster that could easily take up room in a cake box. Hashbrowns were not as great as I would have liked, but the taste of the omelette was just how I would have wanted it, with a good amount of hollandaise and cheese-Nachos appetizer: Mound of beans, carne, jalapeno, nachos, and real cheese that you can dip in guac and salsa - basically a heart attack ready to happen, but quite tasty while warm-Fish n chips: Not gonna lie, these were surprisingly good. Thick slices of cod and curly fries was a total win.-Mudslide: Delicious with real ice cream in there (much better than the pre-made stuff I usually blend). Girls said they could really taste a lot of alcohol, but I really just enjoyed it like a milkshakeSuper filling meal where less than 3 dishes almost exploded our tummies with awesome. A great way to end our Vegas weekend.*Note: Apparently if we would have told them it was our friend's b-day, we would have gotten a pretty large sundae, but we had difficulty moving ourselves afterwards, so probably a good idea that we didn't let that go to waste by telling them :P
5	Good food, great service and huge portion. Highly recommended
3	This place is open all night which you would think there would be a plethora of all night places to choose from in Vegas, but where they are I don't know.  Despite many trips to Vegas this was the first time I actually went in and had some food. I had forgotten there was also a location in Reno. It does always appear to be popular at all hours. I did find that all the bright colors and decorations did a lot to brighten my mood at 3am. I enjoyed some very large bloody mary's but despite the size they don't particulary stand out. This is a nice benefit over the all night places like this where I live, but I guess that's just a matter of state law. I was pretty happy with my bruschetta though, which is something that is not often on menus. My boyfriend enjoyed his food too, which I can no longer recall what it was, but I remember there was enough left over for us to share with the homeless man outside. It was a lively atmosphere and I will probably try it out again in the future. Good service even in the early morning.
5	Man, this is the second time I've been to pepper mill and the first time was a blur since I was a bit hammered, but the second time was a bit amazing.Now one thing with the peppermill, is you may have to wait, but don't worry, you can make the most of your time by either playing at the slots they have or just chilling and having a mimosa in their fireside lounge. The fireside lounge has this 70s strip club kind of feel with its decor of red and dim lights. They have a multitude of drinks to choose from and you can go old school and get a White Russian or zombie. Finally when you get seated, they have both a regular menu, but really is more famous is there breakfast menu. By the way, this is as good as any Vegas buffet, because their portions are insane and much tastier. Had the Maserati omelette and I was in heaven. How often can you have italian with breakfast? I wanted to eat more but I was so full. Sometimes wish I was a fatty so u could of eaten it all. Can't beat italian sausage with eggs covered with a tangy pasta red sauce. Delicious! Can't wait to go again!
5	I don't come to the Peppermill for the food...I bring my family and friends to the Peppermill because of the Fireside Lounge. Old School VEGAS at it's finest. Like a through back to the Rat Pack Days. Awesome atmosphere and the best late night spot to unwind and take in the Vegas Vibe. A must for any couple or group of friends to check out whenever you're in Vegas. Can't wait to go back again.
4	Stopped by  here for a late night dinner. The portions are HUGE and I do mean huge, one plate could probably feed me for 2 days. I ordered the skewer, beef was a little dry but not bad. The Mai Thai I ordered was also in a big glass but tasty and they also serve breakfast all day long which was a plus.
4	I'm only reviewing the Fireside Lounge today as all I did was drink here. It's a very fun place to hang with friends. Red and Purple lights, a huge firepit and lush red sofa's to chill on with friends. The waitresses were dressed very classic in silky black dresses that I thought was a great touch to the experience of this place. Drinks are not the cheapest here but you are paying for the fun decor etc. I will be visiting this place again... they don't allow hats to be worn but besides that the dress code seems basic. The staff was cool with the wild crowd we had the night we were there and always behaved professional and fun.
4	Visited for lunch on a Saturday morning, July 7, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!)Open 24 hours? Check."Interesting" decor that makes you feel walked through a wormhole into a 70s stripclub? Check.American-sized portions? America, Fuck Yeah -- CHECK.Indoor firepit? Check.As Damon H mentions, the food is "surprisingly very good."  The neon lighting may throw you off, but this place serves some solid grub.  It's on the North end of the strip (e.g. Wynn), so if you're staying in that area it's worth stopping by.  If you're on the South end (e.g. Mandalay Bay), it probably isn't worth enduring the shitty Strip traffic or taxi bill to get here... and if you are staying at one of the examples I listed, you're probably better off impressing your date with room service and possibly another round of drinks back at the room.The wait here can be a little lengthy though, but I don't think its as bad as Hash House... and if you are intent on getting here, it's probably best to take Koval Ln or Paradise Rd up to avoid the clusterfuck ;)
5	It was another trip to The Peppermill, where with Diane and friends I enjoyed good scratch-made chicken-filled Chicken Noodle Soup and a giant Philly Cheesesteak  with grilled onions, green peppers, three thick bright red tomato slices, and diced and sliced hot beef bathed with melted Provolone Cheese inside a soft Steak Roll.  All was fresh and delicious with a very tasty cool dill-based Potato Salad.  I also saw the largest Chicken Parmesan of my life, one with oodles of pasta and two massive patties of saucy and cheesy boneless chicken that I could never down in one sitting.  And neither could my friend!Once again Diane and I finished our dinner with a Colossal Hot Fudge Sundae with great gobs of warm Sweet Hot Fudge.  This time our dessert had no cherries or chocolate chips on top, but we were given a cup filled with about 2 ounces of peanut pieces, and of course I poured all of its contents on top of our sundae, which was filled with more scoops of French Vanilla Ice Cream than I cared to count.Comfort food at its finest!
5	For the past 15 years, every trip I make to Vegas (and there have been many) I always stop in Peppermill Lounge for a drink. Maybe it's nostalgia - not sure, but I love this place. The lounge has firesides, usually cheesy music videos on the TV, pretty girls in long black dresses and stiff drinks. Breakfast at 4 am or drinks at 2pm - I enjoy the Peppermill and it's definitely always a part of my Vegas itinerary.
5	Breakfast here is as good as it gets, except for the wait!  They are organized and efficient, just have a lot of customers.We scored two seats at the counter during our wait and realized that our seating included a "free" floor show .  Watching the kitchen cooks, expediter and servers was a course in discipline, control and efficiency.  It was a beautiful thing to watch.My three eggs, cooked as ordered on a mound of delicious crisp homemade corned beef hash and a huge fresh bagel with cream cheese and strawberry jam was outstanding.  My wife's platter included eggs along with bacon, sausage, and French toast.  It's so good to be married to a slim women;  I helped finish everything and it was all to die for!This is the Hash House A Go- Go (which I loved on previous visits & will return) without some of the showmanship.If you want breakfast go to Denny's.  If you want a fabulous memorable breakfast make the Peppermill a must visit.
5	Great BLTA!!!!!And ask for BBQ sauce for your fries... It is better than catsup!! Overall a FUN Vegas Spot!
2	SLOWEST SERVICE EVER! It was ridiculous the wait we had for our late night meals. We ordered a nachos to share and then each had ordered a meal. The nachos came relatively quickly - and were pretty average - if not on the very greasy, heavy side. But we then waited, and waited, and waited for our meals to come - and by the time they did - we weren't hungry. We each had just a few bites of our meals and then just left. It's also located off the strip, so we found it difficult to get taxis to stop to get us back to our hotel.This was a BAD decision! Not going back.
2	I came here after hearing that this is a place you should go once in your Vegas life.  I thought the interior was strange, but really cool and something unique.  They also have rainbow sugar on the table which threw me off, I had no idea what it was (possibly magic crystals?!)The food however was a little more expensive than what I thought could be considered a "diner".  I had a Caesar salad wrap which wasn't that tasty and I believe my friend had a burger he said was just OK.I'd be willing to give this place another chance with a large group or something and maybe order a house specialty.  At least I can say I tried it though!
1	I had a bad experience here because the service was really bad, we sat down for 10 mins before we called a waitress that was just talking to two other waitresses. She said just a moment and continued talking to them. Finally another waitress came to take our drink order, then she brought everyone's drinks but my water. So I asked again after 15 mins I had to ask again. All in all food was ok but service was really off today. (Mon 3/25/13)
4	LOVED the Peppermill.  A friend had told me long ago that I needed to go here and I've been meaning to, but finally made it on this last trip.    SO worth it!  First of all, I think it's probably CRAZY on weekends because we were there on a Wednesday morning and there was a crowd of people... luckily only a 15 minute wait, though.  Perfect timing for us to head into the Fireside Lounge for a Bloody Mary!The Fireside is AWESOME.  It's so 70s Vegas... all shiny and neon.  There is a big fire and water element in the middle with couches around it in a circle.  Love it.  The Bloody Mary was huge, but not so strong.  I just totally loved the atmosphere and it was nice for us because it was also pretty empty, so we had the fire pit to ourselves.When they called our names, we were sat in a big booth and ordered our breakfast.  The husband had a French Dip and ordered the fruit as his side and WOW, it was a huge bowl of nice fruit, including a whole cut up banana, strawberries and melons.    Very nice. I was jealous.  I wanted to try a bunch of things so ended up getting scrambled eggs, hash browns and biscuits and gravy.  It was WAY too much food, so I only ate about a third of it.  The "three eggs side" was more like about 5 eggs.  The biscuits and gravy were good, but not great and a huge plate.  I think they should do a smaller version.  I wasn't that fond of the hash browns either.  Only the very top was crunchy and the pieces are just too big for hash browns.  But, otherwise, I enjoyed the food.  Our server was attentive and the food came out quick.  Cost for food was about $30, but I over ordered.  We really enjoyed our meal and the whole experience.  I definitely recommend a visit to the Peppermill!
1	I really wanted this to be the Peppermill experience I remember from growing up in the Bay Area. Sadly, it fell short...by a long shot.   Really bad service.  Asked waitress for cocktail service 4 times -- noone ever came.  Food order took more than 45 minutes to  be processed.  I should add that the place wasn't filled to capacity.  People all around us came later than we did and got served before us.  Ordered an omelette for dinner.   Huge, but very average. And did I mention cold?   Going to the front to pay the bill at the end was even worse.  2 people in line in front of us and it took 15 mins to get them taken care of.  When the hostess finally got to us and asked casualy, "how were things tonight?" I said back to her, "honestly, pretty bad...."
4	Excellent food! Peppermill is on the Las Vegas Strip, and according to my parents it's been there for as long as they can remember. Every time we go to Vegas, it's become a tradition to go to Peppermill for breakfast. Their food is delicious and they have so many things to choose from-- they also have a bar for those who like to start off their day right. Last time I went, I had a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich and it was damn good! I've also had their omelets and pancakes before and those are great as well. The only thing that turns me off about Peppermill is waiting so long to be seated-- but hey, I guess that shows how popular of a place it actually is.
3	One of those "Vegas experiences", you know?  A real glitzy, bright light, colorful Vegas vibe.  The big round booths are comfortable.  You won't be too disappointed by the MASSIVE portions.  I mean, pancakes larger than a frisbee (but luckily very soft and fluffy).  But beware, these portions can't really be finished unless you're a serious eating machine (or you're sharing one meal with, like, four people), and you will pay for them.  VERY expensive for what's essentially "diner" food.  For the experience, I think it's worth it once. I like that the cocktail waitresses come by almost right after you sit down to see if you want spirits from the Fireside lounge.  The service is hit or miss.  For instance, if you say you need a "minute" to review the menu, be prepared to wait a lifetime for the server to come back.  There is a photographer that comes by to take a free souvenir photo of your party.  We got it one time and the last time we went, we were gone before they came back to give it to us.  Let the bright lights draw you in; enjoy the over-the-top decor and a decent meal.
4	I came back after getting specific instructions from my friend 'Don't worry about the dining portion, go straight back to the bar/lounge area".  So I came back and did just that and it felt like I went into a time warp!They have the curved couches with pillows which are really comfy to enjoy a drink in that you might just fall asleep.  The main draw of the room is a water feature off to the side with a gas fire coming out of it.  The lights change colors and all the TV's are playing music videos (when is the last time you've seen a music video?).  While it sounds like it's almost a tacky environment, it really is cool and not dirty at all.  Experience wise, the waitresses have a tiny chair they come in sit down on to take your order.  They call you "doll" and a bunch of other retro names and then smoothly walk away their flowing black dress not far behind.Our friend billed the lounge portion as the "place you go to seal the deal" and I could tell there were many couples here.  Maybe not as cool as the Mandarin Bar, but the drinks are way more reasonable.
5	I always come here super late night when I'm in Vegas and i love it!! The food is SO good all of it! I have never had anything i was unhappy with. The menu is large there are so many options. I love the vibe of the place as well and the bar in the back is my favorite. The little seating areas are SO cool totally 80's and I love it! The fire pit in the water is a Nice place to sit at and snack after a long night of partying or working. Defiantly a locals spot and worth going to.
4	The reason I decided to come here was because I read that the portions were huge. I was hoping to come here when my group of friends and I were super drunk and needed a midnight snack. We ended up coming here for dinner.The portions are huge and the food was good, not amazing. Service was great too. The one thing I will remember and will go back for is the potato salad. I didn't order it, but my friend did as a side and rejected it because the waiter told him it was made with yogurt instead of mayo. I tried it and it was one of the best potato salads ever. That's the only reason why I gave this place 4 stars, otherwise it's ok. haha
4	What a fun place! You can play with the sugar on the table while you wait for your yummy food to come, plus theres a full bar to keep you going. The food is great and atmosphere is fun.
1	I went to the Peppermill on 4/4. I got married in Vegas on 4/6. My husband and I have always made a special trip to the Peppermill every time we're in Vegas, so naturally, we picked it as the location for our rehearsal dinner. I called to make reservations about 3 weeks in advance. I even wrote to them on their site to ask about the availability of a vegan meal for one of my guests. I never got an email or call back, by the way. When I called to make the reservation for 6 people, I confirmed with the manager about a vegan meal. I called back a week later to add 2 more people to my reservation, and change my time to 6PM. So it was confirmed, TWICE. When we got to the Peppermill, they had no reservations for us. The hostess said we would have to wait with everyone else and made no apologies for the mistake. She even said they do not accept reservations, even though it says they do on their site and I called and did so! I asked to speak with a manager. The manager had no explanation and was actually rude about it. Our party had to wait 30+ minutes to be seated, which defeated the purpose of me making reservations in the first place. Then, once we ordered, my meal and my husband's meal was served 20 minutes after everyone else in my party's meal. This was the worst experience I have ever had at the Peppermill. My reception dinner was ruined. I was so embarrassed by the poor service and the rudeness of the hostess and manager, especially after we told everyone what a great place this was. I can't see myself dining there again. I was so disappointed. I had other out-of-town wedding guests who asked about dining there. I warned them that the service isn't what it used to be. Peppermill, if you're reading this, please make your staff aware that in this economy, this is the best way to lose loyal customers, rudeness and poor service.
5	My wife and I ate here every morning we were in Las Vegas. Be aware, their omelets are made from 7-10 eggs. If you get one, plan to share! Excellent food, pleasent atmosphere (themed).
3	Went here because everyone said it was the place to go.  Well we went for lunch, the food was ok. The environment was early 70's theme.  Nothing wrong with that, if that's what one is looking for.  Well, it seems it is the place to be for the lounge, not the restaurant part.  We did not go back to see what the lounge had to offer.  But if you are only going for the food, that's not what the rave is all about.  The staff was very nice and everything looked cleaned to me.  Next time we will go for the lounge experience , get drunk then tell you how it went.
5	What can I say? I have NEVER had a bad meal here. I have NEVER experienced bad service here. There is always interesting people to watch. And equally entertaining stories to overhear. Since we're locals we visit Peppermill a few times a month and we always feel comfy & at home, not surrounded by tourists like at other strip restaurants. Everything is good here...the ranch dressing is the very best ever. The corn beef hash & eggs is probably my favorite thing to order and the hot fudge sundae & banana split never disappoints. This place is perfection and we usually choose it over pretty much anything. The menu can satisfy anyone no matter what you're in the mood for. And the food is better than any plush hotel cafe out there...you just can't get better than Peppermill. Any time of day or night it's just...perfect.
1	I read the awesome reviews before going and I have to say wow,that was the worst foods I've ever had. Starting with the host who had now important things to do than to tend to the people who walked in. The peppermill sampler platter is nothing but deep fried food with no flavor unless you like the taste of grease. Their steak was cooked improperly, and again no flavor. I see the Zagat award and yelp recommendations and couldnt belive how they could possibl have them. The girl at the cashier asked, "how was everything? " and when i said not good, her response was "oh" and nothing else to say. I'll never go again.
4	Enjoyed the food hugh portions for the resonable prices and the great service. Can I say clean no food on the floor tables clean no food on seats. I walked in got seated quickly, and my food within 10 minutes and it was rush hour lunch time. I meet the manager Peggy wonderful!! I recommend it go eat there you have nothing to lose and a great experience to gain. Love the lights inside....
4	I went back to Peppermill and took my cousin there around 9am.  We went there for breakfast and I had pancake combo (3 pancakes, 2 sausages, 2 bacons, and eggs). Boy, the pancake was huge and the whole meal was delicious.  The photographer comes around and take photos for free.  The 2 frames and photos are $20.00 which is a great deal.  By the time we finished there was a long line of people waiting for a table. I love this place.
5	There was a 15 minute wait to be seated. Once we sat down it took about 5 minutes to get our order. The food was yummmy! You should try this place.
5	Simply put, I've been dining here for 25 years and have always had a great experience.
3	This place is no better then a Denny's and they charge twice as much. Food wasn't good at all.
4	the lounge area is so cozy and private. You must try the Scorpion drink it have you super buzzed lol.
4	Diner-lightful.  It is a must do for anyone visiting Vegas. Every time we go and there is a Peppermill virgin among us we all walk in and wait for the reaction.  The food is also tasty the drinks delish and the cocktail lounge after dinner is a must.  Not to mention the place runs 24 hours - which is a bonus!  Add it to your Vegas list and enjoy.
3	Walked in and couldn't believe the interior. Everyone says it's a must if your in Vegas so we went. I think that saying is just based on the weird interior. The food was solid but not out of this world. 24-hour availability also probably helps this place stay popular.
4	Think of this place like a Denny's with a sexy 80's attitude. It's basically a diner with vegas flair. When you walk inside it's dark, there's pink and purple neon lights and fake plates everywhere. It's usually packed but you won't have to wait long for a seat. The service is pretty quick, and the staff is nice. Food is great, large portions at a reasonable price. Exactly what you would expect from a diner. The lounge area of the restaurant is cool, it's got a very swingers vegas feel to it. Large velvet couches and a indoor fire set the mood for relaxing and making out haha. I didn't try any of their drinks but they looked like they had a nice selection of cocktails. All in all this is a fun place to go for late night drinks and food or morning breakfast or lunch. I'd be returning soon next time I'm in Vegas.
1	This is a broke pimps paradise. Upset doesnt even describe the feeling I had once I left.  I was soo looking forward to coming to this place and enjoying the huge fruit platter! Unfortuntely before even gettIng my fruit platter I was served nasty banana bread that wasnt even cooked but apparently it was according to the new bread cook and server. I just feel like the fruit platter should have been free if I was served bad food. Now the fruit platter came out and everything seemed like it was hanging out in the desert. Also it's served on wilted lettuce. For the finale I couldnt even touch the raw onion rings or muster the courage to eat fried shrimp. Tomatoes on the sampler platter were black. Overall would never go back. Ps I want my money back !
4	We visited The Peppermill for breakfast with my family. We wanted a place that was centrally located, and had good food at decent prices. We were not disappointed!None of us had been there before, so we made the mistake of ordering an entree each. Their servings are really big! I fill up fast, so I ended up taking more than half of my meal home. My aunt and I both ordered the Spinach and Feta omelette and I really enjoyed it. It had a good amount of feta cheese, which is a big deal to me. They serve it with potatoes and bread. I chose the blueberry muffin which was served warm. Yum!  My mom ordered the fruit plate and it was enormous. It included strawberries, grapes, honeydew, banana, cantaloupe, pineapple and watermelon. They also give you a small banana nut loaf with marshmallow cream. It was so good!  My grandma ordered the Pancake combo. It came with three large pancakes, three eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links. It was a very large entree. I should also mention that I really enjoyed the coffee here. All in all, it was a great and very filling meal. The service was really good as well. I'm sure we'll go back.
5	Amazing service, wonderful coffee, great steak & eggs, and the world's best bloody mary!!!! Will definitely return when we are in Vegas again.
5	I've lived in Las Vegas 35 years. The Peppermill is a classic place, actually timeless. Whenever I have guests from out of town I love to take them here. The portions are big and the prices are reasonable. I highly recommend it.
3	Biggest omelette I've ever seen.  Seriously, what's the deal with this five-egg monstrosity?  Even sharing it took two people two days to take that thing down.  I appreciate a large meal, but jeez.  The hash browns were great, not amazing.The decor is garish and horrible but very Vegas and endlessly fascinating, so I guess it gets a pass.  The place was packed, and it was a bit slow, but who knows if that's the norm.  Pretty traditional diner food.
4	Stopped here for breakfast before my bf & I drove back home.I'd never heard of this place before, and never really seen it before even though it's so close to the Strip. My bf said he's been coming to this place for years so I guess for those that know about it, it's a legend. Why would anyone bother going to Denny's when you can go to the Peppermill?! Food was super fresh, I had a veggie omelette that was gigantic and perfectly fluffy. It seriously had to have been made with at least four or five eggs. Sadly I couldn't finish it, especially since it also came with toast and I got fruit instead of potatoes. Mind you, this was good fruit, not just some grapes and a slice of melon. It was more like a mini fruit salad along with all the other food! I must say, I have a special place in my heart for the kind of gaudy decor (fake plants and pink flamingo lamps) that awaits you at The Peppermill. The waitresses all wear cute little outfits and are super friendly, seemed like they've probably worked here since it opened.Apparently there's also a nice fire pit in the other room, which I didn't get a chance to see. It's open 24-hours too so, of course, I am a fan. Can't wait to come back next time I'm in town and I'd love to see what they have for dinner...
4	First time here- this place is really swanky- think back to the movies you'd see in the 70's that were Vegas style! We came for breakfast and it was really good, diner style setting, good price and good service. We will be back for sure, they are popular so a bit of a wait, 40 minutes or so but worth it. Be sure to check out the fireside lounge...SWANKY!
1	How this place has such good reviews is beyond me. Where to begin? The hollandaise on the eggs benedict tasted more like chicken soup than hollandaise sauce. The pancakes, which are comically large, are so sugary and mushy, adding even a little maple syrup nearly threw me in a diabetic coma (I'm not diabetic, either). And the place smells SO BAD. Obviously built sometime in the 70s, the owners opted for carpet. Carpet in a restaurant is always a terrible, terrible idea, as it soaks up everything, for all of time. I absolutely do not recommend Peppermill.
4	First time visiting this restaurant & I gotta say it is good!  Had chorizo & eggs plate & my bf had  eggs over easy dish, they were both good, will definitely go back.
3	Interesting decor, delicious mushroom and Swiss cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. It's somewhat overpriced for what it is. Service was fine; it didn't take too long to get cocktails or our food. It seems a bit overrated...maybe we'll try the Fireside Lounge part next time just for the atmosphere/drinks.
4	This is the best place to go after the club. The food is pretty good. Not the the best but it works when your intoxicated. Lol
4	I love coming here drunk.Decor is 1990's strip club... which is a plus in my book.Food is good too. I like seing all the industry people here
4	THIS IS VEGAS!Open 24 HoursLarge portions of food for small pricesSlot machinesA barDrunk people at 3amCrowdedAlways dark in here Drunk people at 3pmWhat more could you ask for?Vegas may have grown and evolved but this place stays the same. I have eaten here many times over the years. Recently I stopped in for breakfast and met Mary the night manager. I could not believe how nice she was considering all of the crazy drunk people she has to deal with during those hours. I stopped in to grab a carry out menu but they were out of them. Mary grabbed me a real menu and a pencil and paper so I could write down my order for the next day. I told you she was nice.  I called the next morning to place my order and Mary remembered me. I did a veggie omlette but I went all Sally from "Harry met Sally" on them. I went egg whites, no salt, no mushrooms and substituted to Swiss cheese.  Yeah I was that pain in the butt special order guy. I even asked for crispy hash browns. Mary took my order on the phone and even read it all back to me. She also told me my food would be ready in 10 minutes. I was finishing my run and headed over to grab my food. I was amazed at how fast I was able to get my food. Mary even went out of her way to get my hash browns really crispy. I saw her giving a little shout towards the cook. You go Mary!My food was really hot and there was tons of it. I actually couldn't eat it all and saved half of it in my hotel fridge. Hey it's a desert out here, so food hoarding is acceptable here!  Everything was great. The hash browns were really rich.  I think they were cooked in butter. Mmmm...butter!!! I did have to use a few napkins to soak up the oil spill. The omlette was cooked perfectly but again it was huge. Big enough for two people to share. So keep that in mind when you eat here!If your looking for an old school Vegas food place, then this is it. There is nothing left like it on the strip. So enjoy this place while it lasts because before you know it Trump or Wynn are gonna drop a Casino on top of it!
5	I might just move to Vegas so I can go to the Peppermill everyday. How do you not love a place with neon and firepits and hanging silk flowers from the ceiling? Oh... and rainbow sugar! The breakfast rocks. We had some egg,sausage,spinach,hashbrown,cheese sauce concoction... something San Francisco.  And the French Toast plate. Total yumminess. Hell the food coulda sucked and I would still love this place!! 10 a.m and waitresses in flowing black satin cocktail dresses. I want to live here. Anthony Bourdain, thank you for turning me on to this place!! I cannot wait to come here at 3 am.!!
4	It was back to The Peppermill to introduce another couple to this fine bastion of casual Vegas dining.  This time I enjoyed good and zesty Tomato Basil Soup, followed by my favorite combination of a BLTA on lightly toasted Sourdough Bread, and Potato Salad.  The BLTA was once again scrumptious, with very flavorful bacon and the freshest chunks of avocado, ripe tomato, and crisp lettuce.  The homemade Potato Salad was smooth and creamy, featuring al dente disks of potato.  And, as usual, it was a huge side.  Service was very good and efficient.  But no room existed for a Hot Fudge Sundae this night!
4	Awesome place! Some things could use some cleaning up a hit but still a classic hit. Ohhhh and please put a better music video in already that's up to date sheesh!
3	big portions. good for sharing. my corned beef hash wasnt that good - but other food ordered were ok.  it also said vegetarian friendly but there wasnt really that much options for a strict vegetarian in our party. also open 24 hours so its great for after shows/late dinner options....
4	I have been here a few times and always for breakfast.  Needless to say on those days, I did not need to eat lunch!  HUGE portions at a reasonable price.  Great place to come after a bender.  Will go back next time I am in Vegas!
2	24/7 diner with lots of Neon. Food is good for being 24/7. Nothing amazing, but the Chicken Caesar salad is great! Huge portions, strongly recommend to share. The desserts are a MUST have! Leave room to try the brownie or strawberry shortcake - a real Vegas experience.
5	Had another great experience here.  Food was amazing and the service was stellar this time.
5	Brief: BIG portions, yummy food.Ordered pancake breakfast... The pancake was twice the size of my head!I'd recommend ordering something you have as leftovers because that'll probably be the case.
2	I seriously cannot figure out what all the hoopla is with this place! We decided to check it out and while I did like all the neon around the tables and the set up of the place, our waitress was annoying walking around with a stick up her butt like she was waiting to get discovered or something. I had the taco omelet and hubby had the chorizo and eggs. Neither dish was anything to 'oohhhh and ahhhh' about by any means. This spot for sure won't be on our return list. Ever.
4	A Vegas classic still going strong. Form the good food at reasonable prices and the ambiance. Makes you feel like your in the past. This is a must try place if your looking for a little bit of old Vegas in a new Vegas time.
3	Went here on a saturday morning with my husband and two old friends who had flown into Vegas 15 minutes prior, demanding brunch. After any buffet, Egg Works, and Hash House were all shot down for having too large of portion sizes, I finally sold them on the Peppermill, largely by promising them neon.Pros:  - Damn tasty diner food and freely flowing cups of coffee. This is all I really ask for in a solid Brunch Experience-Super friendly staff and prompt service, and no problems with slightly different orders and keeping coffee coming.- The look on my friends' faces when they realized this place didn't have small portions either! Oh noes, mah dietz. I laughed and laughed and laughed/Cons:- Long wait, really with no where to sit and wait. We hung out on a curb and were frequently asked if we needed a cab.- Prices were a bit on the high side relative to the awesomeness of the food. Got the impression I was paying for the neon. Wasn't too bad, but also nothing to compose a sonnet over.Overall Verdict:- Yummy classic diner food in a classically vegas atmosphere. Will return when hungover, or with out of town and unadventurous guests. Won't be on the favorites anytime list, but certainly not shabby.
4	Pretty goo, and quick stop for some late night fun
3	Basic American style coffee shop. Perhaps my opinion is tainted a bit by the fact I viewed some things about food preparation which are not generally seen by most customers. Nevertheless the breakfast was good and in copious amounts. The wait staff worked very hard at delivering the various orders as expeditiously as possible.
2	I like the lounge to have a quiet drink in but the food is really bad.  out of the freezer, into the fryer is not a recipe for good eats.
3	When you've got the late night munchies and can't figure out where else to go... The Peppermill is open 24 hours. The location is a bit tricky and although it's right by Wynn, you'll need a taxi. It's a fun atmosphere with an old Vegas feel.I like that when looking at the menu, I'm reminded a bit of home with the typical diner menu choices as opposed to all of the fancy restaurant menus on the strip.We had a sampler appetizer of some sort that came with fried shrimp, onion rings and mozzerella sticks. Everything was pretty good.For my entree, I ordered the Ruben, which was huge and overflowing with fries. Just as everyone says, the portions are large. The Ruben was good. The Cheesesteak was also really good.Also had the Brownie Sundae which was yum and the Coffee was great. Really sweet and attentive waitress. I had an overall good experience with this place. Good food, good portions, good prices and good service. I don't know if I'd really go out of the way to go to this place though. The food is just average. If it was in my hometown, it'd be nothing special.
3	I don't care what people say, this place is the spot. They have some awesome pancakes! Mostly come here after a night out with friends. Although, it's been a while since I've been here, can't go wrong with this place. Drinks AND food at reasonable prices....
5	I have never had a bad meal here.  Stay in Vegas once a month am always find time to drop in.  Big portions good food and great service!
3	Ok, this is like taking a step back in time... like 1975!! The decor is waaaay outdated (but I think that's the appeal?) Apparently this place is famous (movies filmed here? celebrities eat here??) It's huge and tacky and the waitresses are old and the portions are BIG! Was it the best food I've ever had... no. Was it bad...no. Would I come back here... absolutely one night when I'm drunk and it's 2am!! It beats Denny's , that's for sure!ps. The Fireside lounge is attached to the restaurant and is only open in the evening. I poked my head in to check it out... very dark, firepits, neon lights...looks like a groovy time!
4	I don't do drugs. But if I did, this would be my restaurant of choice while in Vegas. It looks like a box of demented crayons teamed up with a glitter-pooping unicorn to stop the invasion of Barney the dinosaur.Four stars.
4	Always great breakfast options. lots of food for the value and the waitstaff is usually on point as well. all in all a great 24 hour diner that hasnt disapointed in early am...
5	It's been 32 years since I've been here and it hasn't changed. Even the uniforms are the same albeit different colors. Excellent as expected. Great job, Peppermill! Thx
3	7/5/13 Breakfast3.5*  Unless you eat at McDonalds or a food court, there is no cheap meal in Vegas anymore, at least not on the strip. Prices for breakfast can be steep in the hotel restaurants. Peppermill is an economical option because they give you big portion, like food-coma-big-portion. And it's open 24/7.It's a diner alright, but with tacky decor. Think purple neon lights and trees inside. Waitresses clad in Hawaiian-theme uniforms. This is the big-eater haven, the greasy-spoon diner where you go to soak up the alcohol. That said, I only come here for breakfast.*Fruit Plate with Banana Nut Bread ($13.25): This is literally a basket full of fresh fruit--cantalope wedges, honey dew wedges, pineapples, grapes, strawberries and kiwis. You get a mini loaf of warm banana bread!  Skip the marshmellow sauce if its too heavy.*Tostada Omelet ($13.50): It certainly tastes better than it looks. It's a big plate of messy omelet with black olives, zesty beef and diced tomatoes. Looks like nacho. It comes with hash brown AND tortilla chips.*Sausage and Three Eggs ($11.95): Probably the smallest plate in the house and you can substitute Canadian bacon or ham. My scrambled eggs were okay-fluffy and the sausages are of the low-grade. Very greasy and fatty. Instead of toast I requested a blueberry muffin for a taste. It was steamy hot but chewy. Not very good.*Extraordinary Oatmeal ($9.50): Sprinkled with raisins, walnuts, and banana galore. Healthy option. It's so much food that most people pack it up and take it to-go. If you want to challenge yourself, get the French Toast Collage with four wedges of French toasts, two eggs, two strips of bacon and hash brown. Eat yourself to a coma. Quantity certainly supersedes quality here. It's not bad but nothing mind-blowing. Service is quick and friendly. It's a no-frill place on the strip north of Wynn between Encore and Riviera. Crowd range from divey to genteel retired. Get here early or be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes after 10.
4	Doesn't count as a Vegas trip unless you come here. HUGE portions, extensive drink menu and over-the-top decor. LV at its finest!
5	This place is awesome.  Whether your going to the lounge for an old time favorite drink or whether you are having breakfast in the diner portion.  I had a grasshopper the night we went and it was pretty yummy!  If your in Vegas this is a must do!  So glad some friends took us here, this will be a spot we will be sure not to miss next time we are in town.
3	Food is full of value but the frustratingly long waits on a weekend are to be avoided.  From the moment we arrived on this particular Saturday morning, we were told it would take 45 minutes...after the 45 elapsed, I checked with the desk and was told at least another 20...we left.  Don't like being lied to and coerced into staying, number 1 and number 2, no food I'd worth an hour wait.  I do NOT recommend comming here the morning through early pm on a weekend period.On a lighter note.  We've been here when the wait wasn't as long and were satisfied with meal portions and quality.  It's a great place to have an old Vegas experience at.
1	Went here late night/early morning and it was a disaster. Was with a group of 6 with one woman who was Jewish and wearing the required snood for her religion. We were all settled in and enjoying the fireside when the waitress informed our friend she couldn't sit on that side of the restaurant because of her head covering. So they told her she would have to sit on the ice side, which none of us wanted to do. We were outraged! We understood we were sitting 3 ft away from a fire pit that was in the center of a pool. We are all over the age of 26, did they think we were gonna play with fire? Even though we had already placed our orders we left and will never return.
5	I always make sure to eat here whenever we're in Vegas. Portions are massive and it helps battle the hangover! Get the french toast ambrosia- you'll thank me.
5	The Peppermill is my favorite vegas spot! Great food at a great price and an awesome lounge area with an awesome fire pit! I've always had good service and an overall great experience here! I always recommend it to anyone traveling to Vegas!
4	Wow. Who would have thought there would be a good decent price breakfast place by the strip. True gem located right next to the Riviera Hotel. (: Does big portions and good prices reel you in? My fiance and I were craving brunch but somewhere cheap and not overpriced (like most places on the strip). I'm actually surprised he found this place because it's not one of the first things to pop up. Anyways we came here around 10:30AM on a Friday and it was pretty busy. The scenery totally draws you in. It's dark with neon purple blue lights running with fake trees and plants. Totally unexpected, but it was nice.  Even the table had some colorful sugar! You can always ask for plain sugar though. (:  Oh and the seats are all mostly booth seats. Yay. The food. Wow. Seriously. Did I mention big portions? My boyfriend got one of their specialty omelettes and I got the Belgium Waffle (can I be anymore boring?). Anyways, the omelette came in a huge plate with depth, and 3 slices of toast. Big. Filling. Delicious. I wish I had gotten an omelette. Belgium Waffle. So crisp and so fluffy. Minus the fact I had to scoop off the huge amount of butter on it since I forgot to ask for it on the side. Yea presentation of the food may not be the best, but at least you know you're getting the best for your dollar. (:Service. The lady at the front was so nice! She starts conversation and attends to you ASAP. The waitresses wear these old school uniforms, and work fast. So you can expect to get your food quickly. I'll be coming back here for breakfast/brunch if I stay on the strip. Better than waiting in line at those over priced brunch/breakfast places on the strip.
2	This place gives huge portions. I had the munch and my date had the corned beef hash. Both were decent. The coffee was good. The service was also good. Reason it gets 2 stars is because both me and my date had massive diarrhea, not the water dribble kind, but like the epic volcanic type, where your stomach growls like a feral cat and your butthole feels like a flamethrower. So, would I go back? Nah, the after effects are not worth huge portions.
4	Good food, very 80s, large portions, excellent service!
5	My wife and I were in Las Vegas last week. On Sunday 21 July 2013, we were coming out of the Riviera casino (show "Illusions") and used the Yelp app on my phone to find a place to eat. Because of the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try the Peppermill Restaurant located next to the casino.The reviews were right. The place is very unique with lots of neon lights and spacious tables. The food was great and the portions too big to finish. Service was great and prices very reasonable. It was later at night but the place was still very busy but we did not have to wait. If you are looking for a fun dining experience in a diner type restaurant, I highly recommend this place.
4	I'm giving it 4 stars because they have the balls to hang on to the outrageous interior with the neon lights and the mirrors and the purple/pink/blue/black color scheme. Also because they serve a delicious 16 ounce bone-in ham steak. They throw it on the grill to give it some char and it kills anything you'd get at IHOP or Denny's. I guarantee you won't see waitresses in Von Trapp family costumes and cocktail servers in black prom dresses back home, noble tourist. You won't be able to wait for your breakfast table while drinking a tequila sunrise and seated in a smoky lounge on a red velour sofa in front of a small lake of fire, either. You can even cure a hangover here.If you want a taste of "old Vegas" at breakfast, just go.
4	Delicious diner food! The coffee was okay, but the food was great! As previously stated, the portions are huge. My sister and I read up on the place beforehand so we knew to share. :) We ordered an omelet, which was *so* good, and ONE pancake - which was also yum.Don't be afraid to accept the free photograph you are offered while you are waiting/eating! It *is* free. You can buy a couple paper frames if you want them. We did! And then gave it to my mom as a souvenir. :)Since we went in for breakfast, on the way out, we went into the bar area just to see the fireplace. Pretty cool! They let us take photos and walk around.
2	Our limo driver suggested this place so we had to give it a try...I know it was probably an accident, but I found a strand of long hair in my sausage and another in my drink. Unlucky coincidence or they just hated me?I got sick and threw up a few hours later.My French toast, bacon, and eggs tasted good but ended up clogging the sink.
5	Came with a family of seven at about 2 am and everyone got something different. Pretty much everything was solid especially the pastrami sandwich and waffles. The coffee was huge! Our waitress was friendly and helpful.  Ordered the banana split for dessert and it was the size of a small sailboat!!! Highly recomend if u are looking for a comforting meal and a good value.
5	This place is just awesome! I love a vintage type diner. I had the Western fruit plate and it hit the spot after eating out all week. Fireside lounge looked awesome too. You have to go here if your in Vegas. Of course they have huge portions, great food and prices.
5	My FAVORITE bar in Vegas! I insist on coming here EVERY time I come to Sin City for at least one Scorpion (always on the rocks) to help kick the party into high gear. Solid food here too!
3	Giant portions, and that's about it.Breakfast was very busy.  They "herd" you to the lounge to wait for your table and with the hopes you'll buy drinks.   Service in the lounge was practically non-existent from what I could tell.The menu is very extensive and has some nice breakfast creations on it.   They warn you about the portion size and how an omelet is made with like 10 eggs or something.I got a "garbage-can special" type of dish that had eggs, sausage, ground beef, spinach, onions, hash-browns and a cheese sauce.  It came out in a bowl and while not looking very large, teased me into only finishing half of it.    My wife had French Toast Ambrosia (with fruit and stuff) which she loved.Service was very slow.  Requests for things such as tabasco were forgotten (luckily the table next to us had some which they shared).I'm sure it's a great hangover joint - just try to catch them during off-hours.
5	The Conquest! Also, portions are huge. Share. This was a great place to eat. Also serves breakfast all day. Expect a wait. Always busy, but worth it.
5	I've been here every time I've been in Vegas. Usually after a long night of unspeakable behavior, my group of hooligans and I end up here at around 5 or 6 am for food.One time we ate with two local strippers. Good times, great food. Benedict is awesome.
4	Talk about feeling some of that Vegas history. I am shocked that it took me this long nearly twenty years later from the day moved too Vegas too eat here. Still have found memories of that part of the strip so underdeveloped. All of sudden see small strip mall and all these neon lights. Not just lights talk about vibrant colors and ones that flash in and out. I remember the sign out front had even more personality but notice thats gone. =( Thankfully the restaurant still stands. It almost landmark of sorts knowing the history of the place combine with some of that Vegas style all its own. Really who would think place big fire pit right in the middle of the bar/lounge right next too the restaurant. Someone walking around asking if you want free pictures with The Peppermill as background. The diner style food breakfast, lunch, or dinner at anytime. The bright colors the waitress have on. Too all the trees (think fake) inside makes you feel like walked into another world. NO disneyland but one of those things see Vegas could drum up and pull off. I ended up getting the maserati omelette. Not like motherload of omelettte. It was smothered with lot of goodies. The best part was the meat sauce over the top of it combine with the egg and loaded filling. I barely finish half of it. It came with tasty hash browns. I enjoyed most was the nice crispy brown on the outside but yet moist on the inside. Along with your omelette get choice of bread or muffin. I went with the blueberry muffin. Nothing too rave about but still was good. Again huge muffin. My friend also had omelette. Seeing twins just as big. No doubt getting value on the strip here at The Peppermill. I would could come back again! =))
2	cool old vegas decor and a bunch of half dressed women there. thats where the positive ends. other than that thx for the heartburn and the non existent service. ive never not tipped before. thanks for being my first
5	I've never been here until my boyfriend took me here for my 21st birthday. The place is pretty big. Once you walk into this place, the restaurant is to your right and the bar lounge is to your left, just gotta walk through the doors. I love the theme. I can't really put my finger on what it is but it's nice. The ladies dress in cute dresses walking around in the bar/lounge area. And their most famous thing in the bar/lounge area is of course the fire pit. Oh, and I suggest everybody to try the Scorpion. It's good.The restaurant serves huge portions of food. A group of 3 or 4 people could order just their nachos and share the whole thing. All of their food is good. Oh and just so I don't forget they have a photographer walking around taking pictures at every table at the restaurant and the bar/lounge area.
4	I eat at the peppermill almost once a week - I would give the food 3 stars because it is average all around. The atmosphere gets 5 stars and makes it a must visit when coming in to Las Vegas. Stop in have a drink and share your meal with a friend!
5	This place is a definite MUST for everyone! I've been hearing about it for a few years now but I thought it would be too packed to even try it, I guess I was feeling pretty brave a couple months ago so me & a friend decided to give it a shot.....it was awesome!!! Not packed (but it was a Monday) & delicious!!! The portions are huge & I love the decor, it's old, tacky Vegas but in a good way! I've been there again since my initial visit & I loved it again, will definitely be one of my new traditions every time I visit. The only negative is that the waitresses were just ok, they could stand to be a little nicer.
3	I was looking for a restaurant that wasn't a chain restaurant, buffet, or an overpriced restaurant inside the casino.  Using Yelp! app, I came across The Peppermill.The decor is very unique.  There's a lot of neon lights, mirrored ceilings, and fake trees.  I didn't see the fireside lounge because the wait was a mere 5 minutes to be seated.  The place was fairly busy, so service was not very fast, but you can't blame the servers for that.I asked for a recommendation and our server suggested Munch's Breakfast.  Sausage with peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, topped with eggs and cheese?  Sounds great!  I was excited.  The meal came out and it felt like it was missing something.  It felt like I was eating a vegetable omelette - I realized that there was NO sausage.  I called the server over - not the easiest task when she's running around tending to many tables - and she said asked if I wanted to have them remake it.  I told her no since the person I came with was almost done with her meal.  She later brought out a plate of sausages.  Apparently the prep cook forgot to bring out the sausages and the cook just threw everything together not realizing that the sausage wasn't there.I realize that mistakes happen and it wasn't the server's fault so I didn't tip her less than I would have for the service.  But I wish she addressed this with management so that they could have made some sort of adjustment for leaving out the sausage.  Seriously, that's like giving someone a car without brakes.  A chair with no legs.  A hooker with no condom.  All of the above may work but leads to an incomplete and potentially regretable experience.So while I would probably have given this place 4 stars, I have to give it 3.  Give it a shot, but realize that the cook may be high and leave out key ingredients.
1	We saw this place on one of those food network shows .thought it would be amazing was very very disappointed.Hello I had some staple food Philly cheesesteak 'Subway has a better one 'My wife had pastrami it was like sandwich meat from prepackaged foods Sorry but I do not recommend !!!!!
5	Vegas kitsch with great diner food!
5	Service was great, food was plentiful, atmosphere only a corny Las Vegas local could appreciate and does :). Thank you seriously considering having my next birthday party here.
5	This place is a must try. Retro neon diner meets strip club atmosphere + mega portions + booze=Vegas in a nutshell. We ate here twice in 2 days because the menu is huge and we wanted to try so many things. The omelettes are gigantic and delicious and come with a side of crispy and hot hash browns. I also tried the French Toast Collage, served with a boat of maple syrup. Ive never seen such a large cup of coffee either. This ain't a cup, it's a pint glass with a handle.
5	Excellent! The best deal in Vegas! Good food, reasonable pricing - served up with a smile! Expect to wait for a table!
4	3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the ambiance, so 4 stars overall.  This place is retro, but in a good way.  Crazy colors and wait staff dressed in old school uniforms, it's definitely a place to check out at least once if you're in Vegas.  This place does an all day breakfast, and their portions are serious.  The ham steak is literally the size of a large dinner plate, and they grill it so that it gets some great flavor!  Their hash browns are great too, and they use real potatoes!  And I like that they use shredded potatoes that they griddle the heck out of, because I like my hash browns crispy.  And for those that want/need a drink in the morning, maybe to recover from the night before, they have a full bar from the lounge next door that you can order from.  Overall, fun place to go, whether for food, drinks, or just the atmosphere.
3	Late night finds. There are a lot of other restaurants open in Las Vegas.  I used to eat here all the time after a long night of partying since it was the closest to the Wynn.  You can always count on their food portion in being huge! This place is like a diner type of place.  I had a variety of dishes and never had an issue.  Everything is decent. Service is so-so.  Sometimes you'll have a fun waiter here.
5	I went here for the first time in April.  We went to the fireside lounge and I immediately fell in love with the decor and ambiance of the fireside lounge.   Then I ordered food, and now, this place is a must visit whenever I go to Vegas.  So, when I was trying to find a place to hold my wedding reception, EVERYWHERE we thought of wanted a $5,000 minimum.  I had to keep it cheap.  I thought of Peppermill, but thought the place is too nice, it'll be just as pricey as the rest, if not pricier.  I was pleasantly surprised that I was wrong!!!!  They had a catering menu that topped ALL the other menus I had seen so far, they had steak, chicken, pasta, and salmon all on their $28/ plate catering menu.  They asked for no minimum and no pre-ordering.  So I didn't have to spend time asking people ahead of time if they want chicken or steak which was awesome, because planning even the smallest wedding on your own is hard!  I was in touch with a woman named Peggy Orth the entire time, and she made everything even EASIER!  She was pleasant to deal with, prompt in returning emails, and made a few excellent suggestions.  This is all leading up to my big day.   So the day comes.  They had to wait for people to clear out to make room for my 80+ guests.  All of us went to wait in the fireside lounge, and EVERYBODY loved the lounge as much as I did.  Our tables were all ready in about 10 minutes.  Our food was delicious, and it came quick, especially for not having pre-ordered.  The staff made sure my husband and I had our own "wedding" table and made us feel like royalty.  Peggy did an excellent job, i would loved to have met her, but she wasn't working that day.  And that goes to show what a great manager she must be, because she's obviously very organized a good at what she does to set up a party of 80 people and have it go off without a hitch when she's not even there.Peppermill is on my official list of All-time favorite places in the world!!!  Everyone from the wedding still talks about how awesome a choice the Peppermill was!!!
4	Anything you order from this small jewel located in a big city is absolutely delicious! Great for satisfying a big appetite, or sharing a dish. The serving portions are huge.....Tasty & Huge, now you can't beat that!
4	We came here one slow July morning on our trip to Vegas and we were pleasantly surprised.  When we walked in we were greeted by a 70s style motif.  I felt like I should be in scene from Pulp Fiction.  Once we were seated in our booth (which was vinyl with glitter embedded in it) our waitress promptly got us water and coffee.  The coffee was standard diner stuff.  I ordered pancakes, eggs, potatoes, and sausage which was all very well and good but nothing groundbreaking.  My wife ordered the fruit plate and that is where the magic happened.  This fruit plate was HUGE!!!  So big, in fact, that we took about half of it back to our hotel and ate it with a bagel for the following breakfast the next day.  It had strawberries, kiwi, oranges, apples, cantaloupe, watermelon, and probably other stuff too.  I would definitely recommend coming here if you are ever staying at the north end of the strip in Vegas.
3	Kitschy classic. Good value. Huge amount of food. Bloody Caesar was a great. Kind of weird that if you are in the restaurant side you have to ask for a cocktail waitress to take your drink order...took a long time to get our drinks.
5	This place is amazing. They have a variety of different foods and not to mention their portions are pretty large!! Seriously, if you're going there with two you guys can most likely share an appetizer or entree :) the prices are decent considering the large portions. The staff is always friendly and waitresses are always bringing you drinks. I love this place because it's 24 hours and when I'm craving ribs or pasta at 11 pm I can always count on them haha :)
2	Disappointed after reading the other reviews.  Ate breakfast on a Labor Day Sunday and the wait was about 45 min.  Portions are definitely huge (especially pancakes) but prices reflect that so its not like you're getting some great deal.  Service was pretty slow with long waits to order and to get our food (simple breakfast stuff like french toast and omelets), food coming out at different times, and another wait to get the check.  Food was merely OK.  Our group had french toast (recommended by an employee, but nothing special at all), a fruit plate (very big), oatmeal (pretty good, but $11 for oatmeal?!?!), a caesar salad, and an omelet.  The atmosphere is fine, but not as fun as I thought it might be from the other reviews.  No one was impressed.  Big portions doesn't make up for mediocre food.  Maybe other food is better, but breakfast wasn't.
1	Wow! This place has the worst service I've had in a long time. It took twenty minutes for the waitress to take our drink order, then another 15 to get the drinks. We were finally seated and it took another 15 minutes to take our order. Anyway you get the picture, we finally got out of there after about 2 1/2 hours. I will never go back to this strip club looking restaurant.
4	A definite stop while on Vegas! Make sure you go hungry, portions are large. Big enough to share. Very friendly waitresses. We sat at the counter and got a good look at everything going out. Everything looked amazing!
5	Great food. Nice service. Make sure you go very hungry, because besides being good food, is massive. Specially the omelets. The decor looks like a strip club, but it didn't bother me, made me feel at home.
5	Love this place! The food is great. The portions are Hugh! The service is the best.
5	What the hell? Why can't we have diners like this in the Bay Area? The food was actually GOOD. The best way to test the grossness factor in a restaurant is to order a side of fruit. Diners set a really low bar--as if being greasy and gross is a badge of honor. Imagine my surprise when my side of fruit came out not waterlogged and discolored, but fantastically prepared, fresh, colorful, and beautifully presented!! The strawberries tasted like they came out of a Beatles song. My main entree of country steak, eggs, and hash, was equally perfect. It's fucking cool inside here, as well. Retro neon signs and giant leafy plants decorate your 24 hour breakfast experience.Tip: Meals are huge and expensive, so splitting is the way to go.
5	One of my favorite places!  I come here at least once every time I'm in Vegas, I have been here about 5 times already this year!  I usually go to the lounge in the early morning hours where I enjoy an oatmeal cookie martini, and sometimes comfort food.  On my most recent trip I sat in the restaurant part and was very impressed with the food and portion sizes!  Next time I am going to try the breakfast, it looked amazing!
4	I really enjoy this restaurant, it just has this great vibe, service and food.  So, my friend has never been here, so we decide to take a morning walk from the middle of The Strip to here (great walk). We were promptly greeted and sat, then offered drinks all in a non-rushed and very friendly manner. My friend ordered the waffles with bacon, sausage and eggs  and I got the biscuits and gravy. Both great dishes for breakfast. As soon as our food arrived, my friend fell in love with my meal. Bite from hers, a bite from mine. Our server was very attentive, not overbearing, always the perfect time to check on us. There was a moment when I excused myself to  leave the table and upon my return, noticed she devoured most of my meal!! we laughed and I ate part of hers. The meal was so good she was making plans to come back again tomorrow. Peppermill you just made another loyal fan.
5	I took my baby boy here for his 27th birthday dinner since we had such a great experience on our last visit. He loves this restaurant and it is a real treat since it really is one of a kind.This restaurant has a fun atmosphere, great service, great food and always leaves you full and happy every time!We ordered fish and chips and southern fried steak which came with choice of bread and salad or soup. The both of these dishes were fantastic and he had to take half of his meal home as there must have been 2 pounds of curly fries with his fish and chips lol.I snuck away and informed the staff that we were celebrating a birthday so I picked out a dessert to present him with!I chose the THE ELEGANT BROWNIE, a yummy chocolate fudge brownie served steaming hot with a mound of creamy French vanilla ice cream, smothered in warm chocolate fudge sauce and layered with whipped cream and sprinkles.  This dessert was ridiculous good, that homemade brownie and combination of fudge and ice cream was insane orgasmic good! They came to the table with his dessert lit up with a candle and sang happy birthday and it was so much fun!Our experience is always stellar here and every time they always manage to top the last visit.
4	if you want large portions, this is your place!  The neon was about as cheesy as it gets, which I loved!  If you have a hard time making decisions (like me), this place can be overwhelming because the menu is HUGE.The hash browns....wow! yum!
2	No, not so good as everybody saysWe got to Wait for 20 minutes before seated. A little a bit expensive Not fresch vegs. Frosen then boiled
4	Another nice surprise on our road trip. Had the pear, cranberry, walnut salad and it was very tasty. This was the salad where you got a bite of something good every time. They were not stingy with the portion. Hubby had the Philly cheesesteak and good portion of filling to bread. Waitress was attentive and smiling all the time. Glad we went at 5pm, the place filled up with people waiting by the time we finished our meal. Looks like a popular local spot. It was $32 with a soda and ice tea.  Today is 9/22/2013. This could almost be rated a 5.
5	This was a bit more than we wanted to pay but well worth it. Honestly I would buy one omelet and split it next time .... Plenty for 2. Muffins were fluffy. Everything was elicits with HUGE PORTIONS. We waited 20 minutes but once in service was fast and friendly. Only Pepsi products. Maserati and Mediterranean omelets excellent.  Free picture nix but they get you with the bigger one (optional)
4	Located near Ross. Soo true about the decor looking like the 80s threw up in there. Bar with fireside pit accompanied by water. The restaurant itself has the whole diner vibe going on. While waiting for 50 mins we drank some mimosas (tasty) :D doesn't disappoint. The french toast collage was good but nothing out of the norm. The swiss and mushroom burger was huge and it was quite juicy. The waitress we had was friendly and prompt. Theres a little jar that has colorful sugar crystals on the table. The bacon was so crunchy and it was good quality bacon lol. Not that cheap clear bacon. Eggs were ordered over well and they got it just right! Definitely a must try when visiting Vegas!Oh and btw they take and give you a complimentary picture :D
2	ummm this is just like an IHOP. if you have friends or family in town-- don't bring them here. the lights are cool inside... it's only a decent place to go when you have the munchies late at night. food wasn't that great.
4	When I am on vacation I love to eat at places I can't eat at home. I Googled good restaurant on the Strip and this came up high up there and I was excited to see it wasn't real expensive.  On our first visit as we pulled up I was nervous because it kind of looked like a dive, but the place is nice and clean and has a very nice staff. The food is awesome. We ordered a Fruit salad to start and it was sooo big and super yummy!  It was so big we took half back to our hotel and ate it in the morning for breakfast, and it still tasted great.  We really enjoyed our dinner that we ended up going back 3 times the week we stayed in Vegas. Everything we tried we liked.  Told everyone I know that goes to Vegas often they must try it on their next trip.
3	The reviews in here were right in. The portions are huge!  I had the hash and eggs with a blueberry muffin. It was good! Just a lot to eat but I did after not eating for most of day.
4	The food is like Denny's. Lets get that out of the way first. Nothing new is going to hit your palette. The atmosphere and people watching are divine. A Vegas landmark well worth the hike or deuce ride if your reading this a 2:00 a.m.  Busy and fun.
5	What hasn't been said about this place in the 1000 other reviews?Yes, their food portions really are that big. Yes, their food is amazing and reasonably-priced. And, yes, you can drink here at any time of day or night.I ordered the onion rings. Most places would give you a manageable portion size. Not here. In typical Vegas fashion, they gave me a trough of onion rings. And they weren't small onion rings. They were massive, breaded, greasy -- just perfect. I must have eaten 5 whole onions.I highly recommend The Peppermill.
5	The best breakfast in Vegas!  Every time we come to town it is a given that you can find us eating breakfast at the peppermill.
3	i go here often when I go to Vegas haha I dont know why but i do. Food isnt that bad and service is nice. I usually always get the same which is the bacon cheese burger.
5	After my wedding on Saturday, we had an impromptu early dinner/mini-reception on the recommendation of my Dad who came here in the late 70's. I'm a big fan of classic places that have lots of nostalgia. This one fit the bill perfectly. The wife and I split a couple 64oz Scorpions while I had Munch's Breakfast and she had a BLT.  All 14 people there loved the food and nobody was able to eat their entire plate. We retired to the Lounge for a Mai Tai or two and had a great time. Best of all, my Dad said it was just how he remembered it from over 30 years ago. I'd return in a heartbeat.
4	Pleasant surprise located right of the strip. The inside lounge area is slightly majestic, and colourful. Cocktail prices are similar to all bars / casinos on the strip though I noticed a considerable difference in the portions sizes. One example would be the nearly triple shot premium bloody mary I ordered was taller and stronger than any restaurant I previously ordered from that week. Additionally, the rum & coke I ordered was considerably larger and a lot more affordable. I do also appreciate the lounges efforts to maintain a consistent appearance from its patrons (e.g. no hats inside the lounge). Inside the diner there is a multitude of options listed on their menu, my choice was the mediterranean omelet. Being very fond of seafood, I was pleasantly surprised to see a giant omelette with crab / shrimp topped with Old Bay hollandaise sauce listed on the menu. The omelet itself is not for the faint of heart or small stomached! This TEN egg omelet (which I wasn't aware of until it was brought to our attention after I nearly ate the whole thing) was packed with micro shrimp and some crab meat, but was the most fluffy omelet I've ever ate. The customer service was quick, fast and friendly - 4 stars.
5	This place is awesome huge portions fair prices and everything we had tasted great not to mention the cocktail waitresses are smoking hot
1	These people operate a tow truck scam, saw them tow two vehicles in less than 30 minutes. they have a flier taped to their door that says they're not involved, but it's their security guard who is calling the tow trucks. $300 to get your car out - why not focus on being a better restaurant, instead of scamming tourists?
4	There are many ways to do Vegas. One of the classic experiences is the all-nighter. It can be tough to pull off but with the right group of people, endurance and pacing the best all-nighters end at the Peppermill. There you can get that last drink at the lounge in a neon faux jungle setting, lounging next to a firepit/fountain. Get one one the giant girly drinks like the scorpion, or grab a bloody mary or irish coffee. The pours are good and drinks really round out the night.Then walk to the attached diner to get a greasy spoon breakfast to ward off that hangover. After it's all said and done it's on to an iconic Vegas moment, a blinking, eye shielding stumble into the morning light to a waiting cab. Rest, recover and go again.
3	The decor is awesome and the service was good, but the place was two or three bucks overpriced on every item and I thought the food was nothing special.  The eggs and hash browns were super buttery, which is not my thing at all, and all the alcoholic drinks were at least $8 (and were pretty small).  Its not a bad place, it just did not live up to my expectations as to price or quality of food.
4	I do love the PepperMill! I have to say on the last outing here the portion size of the salads has diminished quite a bit. My husband and I usually split a salad they are so big, but not this time.I love this place, it is like an 80's throwback, lot's of glitz and glamour, and all the PerrpeMills I have ever been to are exactly the same. ((Bay Area included)). The fireside lounge is pretty cozy as well (same as it ever was) a bit of an icon, nothing like a froo froo drink and some appetizers in front of a fire (in Vegas the fire place is not really a requirement) but it makes you think it might be really cold outside (which in Vegas is rare).If you are visiting Vegas, this is a restaurant you should visit, I mean it is on the strip, and the food is good, lot's on the menu, the people watching is fantastic (I love to people watch). Interesting folks here and the pricing is reasonable ((I did mention it is on the strip right?))
5	Fantastic! Yummo!! The best pancakes I've ever tasted! Long wait, but worth it! Decor is old school Vegas. Classic! Neon accents, plush half-circle booths, huge coffee cups, friendly staff, who are all coordinated in cute uniforms.
4	Been coming here since I was a kid. That's 40 years folks. My mom, huge Vegas goer that she was, loved the place.  It's a tradition.  Every Vegas trip includes a meal at The Peppermill.I don't think it's really changed all that much over the years and that's cool. Same great food, same big portions, same good service, and same ultra tacky Vegas decor.  Awesome.Versatile. That's what The Peppermill really is. Open 24 hours. So, whether you're dining at the traditional "breakfast, lunch, dinner" hours or it's 3:30 am and you have to pool your money with your buddy because you lost big; the place hits.All of their fare is good. Never have had a bad meal or service here.  I hope I never have to utter the words, "Remember The Peppermill in Vegas?" Go. Trust me.
2	This review is based on one visit.  The decorations were very unique and the staff was very friendly.  The food was not seasoned in any way and was expensive for the quantity/quality.  I had the Peppermill Burger with fries; the meat was supposed to be 1/2 lb. but seemed like 1/4 lb. and the fries had no salt.  My wife had the NY Steak and baked potato; the steak was not seasoned and the baked potato was not fully cooked.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! Huge portions, but does not lack on quality. Service is good, although when busy lacks. Vegas institution.
5	Great place! It's still decorated in that "old Vegas" style with neon and mirrors everywhere. Very cool looking place! The food is outstanding and they serve a full menu 24 hours a day. The portions are large and very filling. It's a decent value considering how much food you get here. I would definitely recommend not missing out on The Peppermill whenever you are in town!
4	The portion here is really big. My friends and I had the steak salad, the chicken noodle soup, and southwest chicken salad. We didn't finish all of it and had to to go the rest. The sitting area is very nice, I love the cherry blossom trees that they have in the middle of the room. I really like this place.
4	wonderful restaurant! the atmosphere really adds the charm to a diner done Vegas style! and the wait staff is super attentive. food was excellent and are served in incredibly large portions, walked away very full!didn't get a chance to check out the bar area, but definitely next time. my only qualm about this place is the crazy wait! I think because this place is so hyped up and the food is good, more people tend to gravitate at the usual meal times. I think next time we'll try going at a time that isn't so busy. and since this place is twenty four hours, I definitely seeing another trip in the near future!
3	The Peppermill is a Vegas institution. There is always a wait and for good reason.If you are looking for diner food, there is nowhere else to go. Skip your hotel coffee shop and head over here. The food is great. Portion sizes are enormous. I am quite the eater and it didnt look like I barely made a dent in my scramble.The Peppermill is the perfect place to go for breakfast if you have been up all night. Perhaps hungover. You need some good food? This is the ultimate Vegas eatery.
5	Yeah this place is still Crazy Sexy Vegasy Cool! 40 years now! It's one of the very few free standing restaurants on LVBLVD.  Crazy: Faux plants and cherry blossom trees everywhere. They got Tiffany lamps with pink flamingos...what's even crazier that it's still shiny new. The place does not look dated. AT ALL. Oh and not one speck of dust or dirt. The whole place is pristine. They've got someone assigned to sweep the carpet even.Sexy: Waitresses still don the cute mini dress uniforms and the cocktail waitresses still wear long dresses with the high leg slits. Cozy circular purple velour booths. It all still looks like what I remember when I used to frequent the Peppermill lounges back in the day with my hot date aka Mr. B. Vegasy Cool: Disco day glo colors of purple, pink and teal. Just the whole late 70's early 80's era theme still preserved. Fun, showy and flashy. I love it! Oh yeah the food: Everything on the menu, served 24/7! Darn it, they didnt preserve the 70's prices but at least the prices not as high like they charge at strip resorts.But not Denny's cheap either. Our meal came out to pretty much what we pay for two lunches,drinks and dessert $40 something  ..not bad at all.  Along with breakfast, they also have sandwiches, burgers, salads and pasta.My tradition was always ordering breakfast and a banana split late night! I still do. The serving portions are still ginormous.  2 scoops each of Vanilla, Chocolate and Strawberry ice cream. That's enough to share w/3 more people according to our server. Service: Great! Especially since it was fairly busy. We had a real pleasant time here and will most likely be back.
4	Awesome place for breakfast!   We got there around 9:00am and it was busy but they sat us immediarely.  I had the veggie omlette with home fries, delicious and huge.   If you're into Bloody Mary's, try theirs.   Its only $9, it's made fresh and it was really good.
5	I  love this place for what it is!  Cheesy decor, good late night eats, drinks  and friendly service, and for me memories of trips to Vegas as a child where this was our breakfast spot before heading back to CA.  Our party of six arrived at about 11 on a Saturday night and were quickly seated.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict and while they weren't the most amazing version of Eggs Benedict I ever had they were tasty and with three eggs and hash browns included more then enough for one person.  I would highly recommend the Key Lime Pie Martini.  Delicious and tasted just like the desert with a graham cracker crust  rim.  A photographer came by and offered to take "free" pictures of our group with no obligation.  Of course to upgrade to a nice full size photo without the Peppermill logos all over turned into $10 but it was a nice memento of the evening and easily scanned and divided among six of us!
5	I was referred by a friend. Probably the best recommendation I've gotten for Vegas.The place is awesome. It's all booths. All the staff is constantly moving. The food is beyond delicious. I got the biscuits and gravy. The best I've ever had. I couldn't stop eating.  I didn't need to add anything to it. Flavor was perfect. The biscuits were perfectly softThe staff came back many times even though they were super busy. I will definitely be coming back on this trip and every trip in the future.The wait wasn't bad, 15 minutes, honestly I'd wait as long as it took. Worth the wait for sure. They have slots and a lounge that you can hang out in until they call you.
4	It's time for a nightcap before parting ways. Fireside is suggested. Indoor firepit?? Check. Cozy lounge? Check. Food and dranks! Check and check! Seriously, I've always heard of the Peppermill but I had no idea what it was exactly. This spot. the Fireside lounge is located within the Peppermill and it is SAWEEEEEEET!! I think it's my new favorite spot! I LOVED the little love seats surrounding the firepit and how CHILL it was. It's 24 hours so I hear it gets crazy later on but it was a Monday night when I was there, about 11pmish. We ordered ribs and a quesadilla, I had a Dreamcicle too which was DELICIOUS! i'm not a rib fan but HE is and he LOVED the ribs. I thought the quesadilla was pretty tastey even though it had issues staying together. Whatever. This spot is super cooooooooooooool. Can't wait to go back! P.S. They have regular and reverse HH daily.
5	First off I wanna warn my fellow Yelpers NOT TO PARK ON NORTH LOT, tow zone not by peppermill. Now for my review: I'm HUNGRY!!!! As im waiting looking around, everyones food looks so good and hefty portions. The food is SOOO GOOD!!! I got egg Benedict and 1 pancake, my hubby had the corned beef and hash. 1 OJ and water. Service is spot on. Decor is very colorful, even sugar is colorful. Will be my place to come for breakfast in Vegas for sure.  Bill was $37 and have left overs.
5	Liked the food and atmosphere here for food then drinks... Back lounge was really laid back and relaxing from the hustle of the strip. Awesome Vegas experience! Wish there was a Peppermill Portland!
4	This place had the feel of old Hollywood Vegas! The whole time I was there I felt like frank Sinatra, Hugh Hefner or dirk diggler were gonna walk out of the lounge. The blue carpet, oversized chairs, plush hot pink pillows by a firepit felt so 1970s. I almost felt like I should have had on bell bottoms and platform shoes. The waitresses were dressed in overall miniskirts with a mini hat and feathered hair. Classic!My favorite spot in the whole restaurant was the lounge. The sunken fire pit with oversized couches was a great decor. The bad thing is if you drink too much and sit by the fireplace you will definitely pass out from the heat, it was unbearable. I ordered a mimosa and my girlfriend ordered a Bloody Mary. The drinks were large and filled with alcohol, well worth the money. If you eat at this restaurant make sure you order light or plan on sharing. These meals are hearty. They serve breakfast lunch and dinner all day long.If you're ever in town make sure you stop at the Peppermill you will feel like you just went back in time.
5	Why oh why oh why don't we have one of these in Cali???? Screw Denny's. At the end of a drunken night, this hits the spot so good. The portions can feed an army and my friends and I were debating if the place used to a strip club with all the lights inside, but hey, its Vegas right??? Food was delish and our waiter was nice. I also really love the history behind the Peppermill, made me feel really special to be there. Gonna make this a regular spot when in Vegas.
5	I love this place! I found the food to be average diner fare but the restaurant itself along with the fireside lounge is just amazing fun!Food: as I said, average diner. The portions were big though and the food wasn't bad, it's just not the reason you come here really. Decent enough though. The main attraction is the restaurant decor itself. I LOVED IT! The restaurant is filled with cherry blossom trees all over the place with pretty branches of flowers hanging above you. Coupled with neon lights, this just makes a picturesque environment.The Fireside Lounge was AWESOME! It's a separate room from the restaurant in the back. Dim mood lighting with pinkness everywhere! Big comfy pink couches with the cherry blossom trees overhead as well. Wish I was able to stay and grab a drink but we just had breakfast... Haha I'll definitely be back to enjoy this lounge. There's also a fireplace pit surrounded by water. So cool!! This is a great place with all the Vegas flair. Kindy tacky, kinda over the top, super themed, but so fun! I recommend everyone checking it out!
5	I LOVED this place.  i went the first time by myself bc my hubby was working. walked from the Riviera where we currently where staying, first place i bumped into.  dont be deceived by the outside looks. it didnt look like much to me.  i was hungry so i just walked in to check it out.  it was PACKED.  i sat at the bar area immediately since those are first come first serve so it was nice and fast :).  the sizes are GIAGNORMEOUSSS!!!  (yes that's a word)  huge huge portions, if you share with a friend its best.  They are very friendly, great staff, great food, great work flow.  and my favorite is the sugar!!!!! ITS COLORFUL! i loved this place so much i came back the very next day with my hubby.  he loved it too.  we are coming here every time we are in vegas :)
5	You had better be VERY hungry when you go to the restaurant.  We took a couple of people with us, they did not believe us, and there was WAY TOO MUCH good food that we took home.  In season, the Fruit bowl is so amazing...
3	The pepper mill is a decent enough restaurant which reminds me of 13 coins (up in Seattle).  That is they serve any food all the time.  I went to the Pepper mill for breakfast and had a bacon and onion omelet.  It was huge and pretty good.  Based on my experience the put an emphasis on size.  And if you are really hungry this might be good.
4	Enjoyed 2meals there , one as soon as we checked into hotel at 11:30 pm  , went back for breakfast two days later ,sat at counter oversize portions , good food, excellent SERVICE the two women running the front great job. We are food service veterans from Jersey and appreciate quality
4	An unassuming (and frankly unpromising) edifice by Rodeway Inn and Riviera, which Aria/Vdara bellman described as "shady and sketchy," with excellent, fresh and  affordable food in portions which make abundantly clear why 5 out of 10 of the leading causes of death in America are obesity-related. See HBO Weight of a Nation for a compelling and devastating account of this epidemic. That said, the food is tremendous. I sat at the counter alone, waiting for a new friend to pick me up on the day of the marathon (which never came to pass due to the 2-10PM closure of the Strip). I recommend sitting at the counter whether you are alone or with one other person. The grilled chicken salad with a half avocado is enough to feed a family of four. They have salads, sandwiches (the club sandwich was beautiful), omelets made with 12 eggs (Maserati is popular) and onion rings which looked life-changing. Everything is fresh and beautifully prepared. Service is great but be prepared for 30 or more minute wait for lunch or breakfast. For those watching bill, this is a great choice for breakfast, lunch or dinner . It's open 24 hours and serves three meals all day. They have silly tropical cocktails which I didn't try. I was a bit adventurous and tried a salad with pear-cilantro vinaigrette which I didn't like. It was far too sweet. The chicken and blue cheese very good but I was in agonizing pain from being out with my luggage and unable to reach Vdara. It reminds me a bit of Esau's in Santa Barbara at roughly the same price point.Men (or lesbians) will enjoy the outfits: it's kind of a Jamie Lee Curtis Trading Places Heidi get-up. P.S. I didn't go to the fire pit but everyone seems to enjoy that.
4	It was great to walk from the mammoth hotels on The Strip to The Peppermill. The atmosphere was clean, relatively smoke-free, and the food was reasonably priced - especially considering the generous portions. We visited for breakfast between 8:30 - 9:00 am and the initial wait service was just a bit delayed considering the restaurant was at less than full capacity. However, the food came out in a very timely manner, hot and tasty! The other patrons provided great entertainment, especially, the mature woman who asked her wait person if the food they served was 'real' - it takes all kinds! If you're from the Midwest and are used to hometown diners with great food at a reasonable price, The Peppermill will not disappoint.
5	Came here late night a few nights ago and was really impressed. First of all they are open 24hrs which is awesome especially when you are partying all night. The place is really big and always pretty crowed which says something in itself. The staff is extremely friendly and very patient which is a plus. The food is great and they give you really big portions so come with an appetite. Overall the Peppermill was a great discovery for me and i would highly recommend it to any one looking for a late night or early morning eats.
3	Came here for breakfast on a Saturday. Service was subpar. Had a drink in the bar (which was tasty), but the bartender (David?) was short and unfriendly. After we were seated, we saw our waitress twice. Food was ok...I would compare to Denny's. I did love the motif though.
3	My husband and I renewed our vows at a Vegas chapel (by Elvis of course) so it seemed only appropriate to go to one of Vegas's oldest restaurants.This place is cool inside. SO old Vegas, neon lights, cheescake, large. I loved it! The food was decent for this type of place. I wasn't expecting Mastro's quality food. My mom and I got the Southwestern beef kabobs. They were ok. A bit overdone for my tastes. My husband got the swiss and mushroom burger, which I tried, and it was better than what I got. My dad liked his clam chowder.Service was ok. Server messed up the order and had to be reminded to bring out a side dish. Maybe she was having an off day.All in all, it was a fun experience. I'd probably go back to bring a friend who wanted to see old Vegas, and wasn't a food snob.
4	I love this place.  It never changes and is so classic Vegas.Its lit up like an old Vegas casino, but no gaming.  Just great food.The Omelettes are outstanding.Coffee is typical breakfast joint and the wait staff are really good.Food comes out pretty fast for a place this busy.We'll be back.
5	These nice purveyors of American food and contributors to culture not only make a dynamite pastrami sandwich and great drinks---They stand up to the bastards at THE TOW TRUCK COMPANY who regularly victimize tourists and locals with their barely legal tow Trap operation!That alone is worth the full five stars.  Thanks guys and gals!
4	Items Selected:CoffeeAmbrosia French Toast, No melon, with whipCarrot CakeRarely one to stay out late and certainly not the sort to do so while drinking heavily only to find myself craving greasy food at 3:00am I'd be lying if I suggested the iconic Peppermill had ever interested me as more than a sort of Las Vegas curiosity and yet with a 12-mile run and a few donuts from Ronald's already under my belt it was with a 'what the hell' smile that I entered the neon-lit space with mirrored ceilings just as the cops arrived to deal with an unruly inebriated couple who were refusing to pay their tab.  Featured in everything from CSI to Showgirls and featuring a 24/7 menu of everything from breakfasts and burgers onward to acclaimed nachos and desserts plus a setting quite unlike any other with drunken creatures of the night in all sorts of disarray it was clear on entering the space that it was I who was the novelty and requesting a table for one while using proper manners I was seated quickly, greeted immediately thereafter, and provided with superlative service throughout my 55 minute and 5 cup of coffee (plus one for the road) stay.  Certainly not 'gourmet' or 'artisan' but wholly satisfying for both 'dinner' and 'show' my order would consist of only two items and electing for the carrot cake as an appetizer while my main course was prepared I was happy to find a modest slice of high quality placed before me, the dense body not overly sweetened but instead nutty and aromatic with a thin layer of cream cheese icing adding a tangy sweetness without overwhelming - a balance I neither expected nor received with the decadent pile of custard-laden egg bread that followed complete with fresh fruits, whipped cream, and warm syrup...exactly the sort of thing I imagine I'd crave after a night of drinking...or after an early morning run...or when I was 8 years old...or 25 years later.
1	Had the thanks giving dinner. It was one of the worst dinners I have ever eaten. It looked and tasted like a pre cooked frozen super market meal - but for 24$. The service was good though.
5	This is our go to spot since we don't have a huge appetite and don't want to splurge $40+ bucks on a pricey buffet.  This is the place to go if you want a good price, large portion & delicious meal.  Their omelettes have 10 eggs, so this gives you an idea as to how big a portion they serve.  My recommendation if you don't eat a lot, split it.  Also, if there's a waiting time go to the fireside lounge through the glass doors if you're 21+ as you can order cocktails while you wait and the waiting time won't seem so long.
5	Best breakfast in LV! I can't wait to get another one of those Bloody Mary's!
5	Everyone's eyes lit up when the food hit the table. Every plate was great. Drinks before in the lounge. Remember to take your hat off before entering lounge. The decor is right up there with the Madonna Inn.
5	this is for the fireside lounge.great place to finish the night off or start it.  the appetizers were large portions and the well drinks were also great.  it has a old las Vegas feel to it
5	Great old Vegas favorite.  Big menu, large portions,tasty food, attentive service, retro surroundings equals five stars
5	great food we loved the atmosphere and the service that was provided. The only draw back was the wait time but then again I can really hold that against them with the great food that was served I now know why the wait was so long.
5	This is beyond my favorite restaurant here . I love the atmosphere the price is right my favorite meal is the steak and eggs .
4	Really amazing service- and great bloody mary's.  I really like the fireside lounge.  It is hot in there though, so be prepared :).  I'm so glad this iconic place is still open.  We had a great time.
3	The peppermill is one of the oldest and most established late night eateries in town. The service is always great and expedient. The peppermill is a great place to grab a bite at any time of the day.
5	One of the best restaurant "diner" lounge experiences.  Great food and service with a  velvety atmosphere.  French toast was amazing today!
2	Poor service in the lounge. Not at all accommodating! They also made me leave my credit card for dinner, I guess they thought Id run! Not a good experience
5	Portions are large wether lunch or dinner. Service is very good.  Grab a drink around the fireplace in the bar to start.
4	This is a nice place for an affordable meal that won't disappoint. Don't expect too much. The place offers generous size portions at a great price. If you are looking for a fancy place this is not the place for you. And BTW the service was good
4	Recommended by our hotel upon check in.  We had a long day of traveling and didn't want to bother searching for a place, so we went with the recommendation.  I am glad we did. It was what I pictured when it comes to Vegas diner. The food was good, wait staff, friendly.  Would go back.
5	While in Vegas last week, my husband and I stumbled upon this cool spot. I wanted to see the "old" part of the strip. We were walking down the strip, starving, and happened to see it. My husband pulled it up on his phone, and saw the excellent reviews, so we went in. It was busy, and there was a wait, so we went into the fireside lounge. What a cool, hip, old-school Vegas setting! The Bloody Mary was the best I have ever tasted (I normally don't like them, but this one was awesome). The reviews that my husband  saw suggested ordering one, so we did (and two more). The food was amazing with enormous portions, so beware. For Vegas, the prices are reasonable, and we had excellent service in both the bar and restaurant. We will make it a point to go back to this place on our future trips to Vegas. The only negative is that it is down next to the Riviera, and walking in that area is a little shady. I wouldn't walk down there late at night; take a cab.
4	This place is interesting. Huge portions and the whole vibe is old Vegas feeling but in a great way. My omelet contained 10 eggs. It was very filling and loaded with cheese and fillings. It came with a side of fried potatoes and bread. I selected the blueberry muffin. We also had some of the best bottomless coffee on the strip. It would be a place I would definitely recommend and come back to. Wonderful authentic Las Vegas diner.
5	Yummy. The food here is amazing it is the best for you can find in all lost Vegas the specially after a long night out and about and partying and drinking and having fun this is the place that we went to right after New Years Eve it was packed but it didn't matter great service they even include people coming by to provide pictures to provide more alcohol for those of you that are hungover and also provide other amenities that you don't normally find any other restaurant the onion is great the decorations are like from the 70's and 80's altra altra 80 ish I guess you could say um and go in the Fireside Lounge because you'll never believe how amazing it is and check out the shack carpet
4	way too much food, couldnt finish it all, pretty good, eggs were cold.
5	Great food, huge portions. I highly recommend this place for families, don't be scared to share! Your waistline will appreciate it.
4	There is so much character here, it's hard to focus!  There is one person seating you, another coming around for cocktails, a third for drinks and then there's your waitress.  What a system!  It's interesting to see it all.  We dined on New Year's day and while it was definitely crowded, we only had a few minute wait.  The food was delish!  My no-bread eating husband ate all of the toast and then mine. We ordered some omelets, which are made from 10 eggs by the way, and only ate about half of each although I wished I could eat more.  Overall, great vibe, great food and the prices weren't too bad either.  Worth the experience!
4	Forget what you heard. Yes, the decor is horrendous. Yes, the servers are dressed in severely dated threads. And yes, the wait can be long and cramped. It's all worth it once you sink your teeth into one of the best hang over meals in Vegas.I had the tostada omelette and a huge mimosa. I also got to taste the chicken fried steak. Everything was delicious.The service is friendly and efficient. Just go!
4	Yep breakfast here like everyone else..good portions good service. .And a bit of a wait but worth it
5	If you want quality food and bang for your buck.... This is the place to go!!! Delicious breakfast food and a unique atmostphere. Fun place to go with friends and family
3	For the all week celebration of a good friends going away, we decided to meet at The Fireside Lounge for drinks and appetizers at Happy Hour.  This place is a Las Vegas icon.  Over the years, many celebrities have frequented the location, including Elvis.  I'm glad that I've visited this place more than once.  To be honest, though, the look of the place is drab and not really upscale.  The lounge looks like an 80's porn star man cave.  Full of mirrors, blue and purple low dim lighting, a fire pit in the middle of the lounge.  Thank goodness it's a historic location of Las Vegas.  My drinks were about $5-$10, including beer and vodka sodas.  For the appetizers, we got a crap load.  I'll just list them and give a little bit of my opinion:-Shrimp Cocktail for $12.95:  Nothing glamorous, cocktail sauce is tangy, lots of shrimp given.-Chicken Quesadillas for $11.50:  served with pico de gallo and sour cream.  Your standard quesadilla, again nothing stand out!-Chicken Nachos for $16.25:  Lots of items.  This was a huge plate but the cheese hardened quickly.  Sides included jalapeno peppers, tomatoes, onions and black olives.-Bruschetta for $8.25:  tomatoes, basil, garlic, onions, olive oil, balsamic vinegar and parmesan cheese, served on toasted herb focaccia bread.  This was actually flavorful and moist.  One of my favorites!-Chicken fingers for $10.25:  Your standard pub fingers.  Kind of dry.-Caprese salad for $8.95:  Sliced tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, and drizzled with balsamic reduction and extra virgin olive oil.  The slices were thick and grouped together, it was delicious!I know I'm missing some of the items but we literally got a few of each of these plates.  Our group was pretty big!  At the end of the day, it was your standard pub food.  Nothing that really blew me away.  I would go back because of the status of this historic icon.
5	It was off again to Peppermill for another great meal!This time I enjoyed a Spinach Salad with cut eggs, spinach leaves, substantial bacon, and tangy French-style Dressing (although Hot Bacon Dressing would have been more appropriate), followed by two fine Gyros with soothing cool cucumber Tzaki Sauce, tomatoes, and White Onions.  The large sandwiches were accompanied by great skin-on Red Potato Salad.  Other guests in my party savored a Gourmet Chicken Salad, Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich, and Scrambled Eggs, Canadian Bacon, and crispy Hash Browns, along with an excellent warm Bran Muffin that I sampled.  The ambiance here is always upbeat, casual, and comfortable.  And service was very good.  My only gripe is that my salad wasn't removed after I finished it.I will surely return another day for more fine comfort food!
5	I have to update my review - imagine my surprise, when after seeing a magic show with the kids at the Riviera, we passed the Peppermill. Wait a minute - I swear I have been here before. Maybe it's sad when you have to consult Yelp to figure out what you did about 3 years ago, but I did.This time, we were here with the kids, and we had a fantastic night - maybe the best night of our whole trip, because after feeding Thing 1 and Thing 2 a massive burger / pancake / french toast / whatever the hell they ate they insisted on having a dessert. " Too much food " we said " you'll never finish it ""OH YES WE WILL""Wanna bet?" Oh yeah baby.The largest banana splits I have ever seen in my life arrived - they must have had 5lbs of ice cream and four bananas apiece on them, there was no way the boys are going to finish them. They approached their task with grim determination. After a few minutes it was clear they were not enjoying themselves - this was work." you're not allowed to stop - you have to finish them "" what sort of parents are you guys that you are making us eat this -this is force feeding, this is torture - you guys are completely irresponsible"Jesus, I laughed so much. It was fantastic. Great service, great food, great value - and they had a Fog Cutter on the menu - it was a bit sweet, but it was decent enough.
3	The portions are large, but at $29 the ribeye was very fatty. The dinner salad was large, but why do so many places serve that gelatinous Italian dressing that may or may not have oil and vinegar in them?
3	Keep it simple with your order and be cool to the staff lol3.5 for the fireplace but not nearly as nice as I remembered but sold place to get your late night or pre-game grub on.Heck I should just give them 5 stars cuz the fireplace closes the deal every time!!!! Luck be a lady tonight ;)
4	Everything you read in reviews for this restaurant is true. When you enter the restaurant you are seemingly transported back in time to an earlier Vegas. The service is outstanding, with separate waitresses for your food and cocktails. They mix a mean bloody mary! You better bring a huge appetite because the portions here are incredibly large and tasty.
5	A las vegas instution! This place defines las vegas. There something here for everyone. Drinks, good food, and a excellent atmosphere. They have a huge cocktail menu, with just about any drink you can think of. There fireside lounge is what they are known for, its a comfortable setting with purple velvet booths and big screen tvs. The menu is just as big serving classic diner comfort food. Great staff always friendly, and never had a bad meal here. The prices are very reasonable too, and you never leave hungry.
5	Amazing food - seafood is so fresh & all the food we ordered was delicious!! Wonderful service too! A must any time of day!!
2	It wasn't what I remembered when I last came here. The food was mediocre and the service wasn't great. It took awhile for my husband and I to get our food, considering the fact that there were 4 chefs in the kitchen. On top of that, they forgot one if our side orders. I was a bit disappointed this time around, and in pretty sure my husband washed his hands with the place. Too bad...
5	Open 24/7 - one of the most convenient places to eat by the strip. Love the atmosphere, food and service are great- mornings are packed so try to avoid!
4	Boy, did the Peppermill hit the spot! First off, walking in is as big and wonderful a trip as anyone who appreciates neon would describe it. It's kitschy Vegas at its best. The seating is arranged in these amorphous islands of booths, which makes us feel like we're all neon jellyfish in the middle of the ocean deep, and it's enchanting. The diner food is also as good as it gets. The three of us discovered that we are all "breakfast for dinner" people, and we freaking chowed down, sharing parts of our ginormous meals with each other but still managing to clean most of our plates.French Toast Collage - So good, and I'm so glad I got to share a couple of my squares so I didn't have to eat them all myself. Eggs, bacon, sausage, all perfect.Steak and Eggs - Very good, quality steak, sunny side up eggs, and I tried the wonderful toast and real strawberry jam also. Veggie Omelet - Well received. Definitely returning to the Peppermill!
5	Went to The Peppermill the other night for a date night meal. When we sat down the buser came and greeted us for drink orders. He was very friendly and funny. Then the waitress took our food orders. She told us the servings were big and she wasnt lying! Late night and we both ordered breakfast. Everything was amazing. My girlfriend in particular loved her hot chocolate and the already ready sprinkles that they have at every table! She always notices little things like that. After the meal, we paid and went next door to check out the firepit. It's in the bar and lounge area. We sat at the firepit and both had a drink, enjoying the warm fire and the good tunes playing. Looking forward to going back as this is now our favorite late night spot!-J. Soto
4	Don't judge this book by its outer cover.  Great breakfast, great service and the coolest lounge in the back for late night.  I wish I had discovered this years ago
5	In town for a convention and needed a non sports book place to watch a hockey game. Web and Yelp mentioned they had a comfortable bar so I decided to check it out.My bartenders Denise and Ruth were wonderful. The place was very busy but my drink was always full, they delivered my snacks, and were even able to help me charge my phone!!Since I was watching the game I stayed at the bar, but the lounge looks great and I will check it out next time I'm in town. There are comfortable booths and a great circular fire pit. The waitresses were also very friendly. The margaritas were good. Can't speak to the food because I only had chips and salsa, but the restaurant and waiting area were packed when I was leaving. Might not have the big chef name or be associated with a casino but it suited my needs perfectly.
4	Old school, big portions, ask for fresh jalepenos and if you want to see locals other than the staff, go in the middle of the night.
4	There were three of us together wanting to get some grub and right when we walk in we already knew their was going to be a wait; it was pretty packed - the receptionist said that it was going to be a 25-30 minute wait, which ended up to be 1.5 hours! I also noticed that she told that to every single customer that and they ended up waiting just as long as we did if not longer. The decor is different, unique. The waitresses were on point and it seemed like they all worked together. The food was pretty good - worth the wait, it was an awesome amount of food too! Besides the receptionist lying about the wait it ober all was a good experience. Also, a lady walks around and asks to take your pictures which was actually pretty nice rather than annoying because well you are trying to eat,  we ended up buying the pics too!
5	Classic. Old School Vegas Gem.Great food and service.  The Lounge by the fire is one of the best places to hang out and drink with your friends.  We spent "Super Bowl Saturday" here.  We relaxed in a big booth by the fire and enjoyed specialty cocktails way into the night.  Then went and rested up for the Big Game in 2004.  Fun times with good friends are where memories are made. 10 years later and I still remember the time.... Love this place~
4	We first came to the Fireside Lounge just before Halloween. I had read about this place in the Nevada AAA travel book. It is not as upscale and modern as places in the Bellagio or elsewhere, but we were not expecting it to be. I was delighted with the decor and found it very comfy, cozy, intimate and fun. The AAA travel book said they the waitresses would "treat you like big shots" but they did not, and that was OK too. But our waitress was prompt and friendly. They have some really cool huge drinks, and we saw a HUGE plate of nachos on the table next to us. We ordered some appetizers and they weren't gourmet or anything but they were fine. Prices are better than most lounges we've been to on the strip. We sat in a cozy corner but next time I'd like to sit by the fireplace.Then we went to the Peppermill Restaurant on Thanksgiving Day. We were well aware that this holiday dinner was not all-you-can-eat and that was perfectly fine with us. We made reservations but there were plenty of available tables. We also told our waitress we would take advantage of their senior citizen discount on the Thanksgiving Dinner. I ordered the key lime martini which was fabulous. Love that the rim of the glass is covered in graham cracker crumbs. The Thanksgiving dinner was excellent and was as tasty as a good homemade Thanksgiving feast. We had driven across country and loved that everything tasted homemade.  It exceeded our expectations. Our waitress went off shift and another came to take care of us the rest of the meal.Now here comes the problem and why I only gave a 4 star rating. When we went to pay, the cashier snapped at us that there was no discount on the Thanksgiving dinner. So I promptly picked up the little Thanksgiving dinner flyer on the hostess desk behind me and showed her that it was in writing about the senior discount. Well, then she huffed, "you're supposed to tell your waitress when you are seated." We told the cashier that we did tell our waitress we wanted the senior discount but we had a change of waitresses during our meal. So then she had to leave the cash register to confer with our waitress and manager or whoever and came back and took our money. No "thank you for dining with us" or "have a nice holiday" or anything. Nothing. Just a pissy attitude. Here we had had a wonderful Thanksgiving meal and then had to battle this old bitty. Because it was a holiday and I didn't want to ruin my husband's day, I didn't argue with her over her bad attitude or ask for the manager. Had I pushed the issue, we probably could have gotten a comp or something for her being so rude. We left. I would go back to the Fireside in a heartbeat, but probably not the Peppermill. They lost our business and that is too bad because we love the Fireside. I just don't want to risk a bad experience there again with another employee.
4	Loved this place! It's open 24 hours and after a drive from Southern California was a welcomed treat. The vibe was very casual and low key.My husband looked on yelp for a restaurant for us to go to late. Most hotel restaurants close at 10 or close to that. We were seated right away. We ordered a scorpion (6 shots are in this shareable drink) Our food arrived quickly. Portions were huge!!! We both ordered steaks. Amazing! We will defiantly be back.
4	I liked this place a lot. Ate here late one night with my mom while we were visiting Vegas for her birthday. I had chicken soup and a BLT and I wish I had been hungrier because the sandwich was awesome. The soup was only okay, but the service was fine and the prices are good.I also tried a drink called the Ultimate Mudslide and it was fantastic. Highly recommended. It was like an alcoholic milkshake.
1	So their food isn't all that bad. However I ordered an omelet with no cow cheese (my allergies were acting up) and realized after a few bites they had put both goat and cow cheese on. There was some crazy stringy cheese action going on. I sent it back and the manager Martha brought it out 10 minutes later to point out how there was no stringy cheese. And of course tell me I was wrong because that's the best way to keep customers in their place. Obviously the stringy cheese quality goes away when it's cold!! Way to go Martha! A plus service!
5	The waffle with fruit was the best breakfast I had when I was on vacation in Vegas. My boyfriend ordered a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries that were cooked to perfection. Might look like a strip club when you walk up to the place, but the food is delicious and well worth it.
1	They give you alot of food... and I don't blame them for trying to get it out the kitchen because its horrible.  The fried steak meal was bland. . It was like eating hospital food. The beef nachos are way over priced, the chips were old. I wouldn't recommend it.
3	Been here a few times now. Tried the Happy Hour Chicken Quesadilla and it wasn't that impressive. Green peppers were located inside the tortilla, along with way too much chicken that wasn't that tasty at all. The salsa also had no flavor. Not too bad on drink prices as it was about $5 for a can of Guiness and $7 for a Mixed Drink. Since this place is a Vegas icon, it is worth stopping in to check out the firepits and some of their "girly" drinks are pretty famous as well. Entrees are expensive and you can only get appetizers at the bar area. The deserts are not homemade, but the carrot cake was a decent rendition. Worth the trip to see what life was like back in the Vegas glory days (AKA before the Ferris Wheels started arriving in town).
4	Love coming to the place. Open 24 hours and still awesome!! Friendly service, reasonably priced and great service!   I'm a huge fan of their breakfast options and they are usually very quick on service.To be open 24/7/365 is awesome!  They do get very busy at times so depending on the time you may have a wait.
5	This restaurant has been here since I was a little girl. And it is excellent! Always has been! The breakfast is beyond compare! The wait was a little long, but well worth it.The eggs are made exactly how I like them...every time I am here!  The hash browns are perfection and bacon is crisp yet juicy!  Coffee...to die for!  I love the sugar-so whimsical!! It's hard to mess up breakfast food but it is perfect here,,,every time and with a packed house!
5	I go to Vegas maybe 4 times a year and always come here everytime. The drinksAre good I have ordered steak , wings salad , soup everythingIs always good but it's becomeMore of a tradition to always goTo pepper mill I was recommend by a valet worker at the Cosmo after leaving the marquee night club I ask him what was open and he said pepper mill so I told the taxi and ever since then I'm always a regular when I'm in town lol
1	Service was ok.  Food was like rating at Dennys.  I was referred to this restaurant by the valet at LVH.  I should have known...  Ordered a steak with veggies.  Steak was flat. No seasoning.  I had to dump a lot of salt to make it passable.  a ribeye steak.  Vegetables were frozen, microwaved....even  a soda was $3.00. Do yourself a favor.  Go to Dennys, it would be less expensive and better.
4	Breakfast before going to convention Center . Good hearty breakfast. I had hash scramble with a spicy kieblasa type sausage in it with onions and peppers. More food than I can eat which says a ton.
3	I don't see what the hype is about this place. Yes, their portions are huge and the decoration is very unique, but so is every other restaurant in Las Vegas.I think I just ordered the wrong dish though. I ate the french toast collage because I wanted a combination of sweet and savery. The french toast was just okay and I did not like the sausages at all. The bacon and eggs were perfect, though. I also tasted my mom's crab egg's benedict. They were really fishy, but the holondaise sauce was delicious. Next time I will try the corned beef hash. They come highly recommended by my father.
3	Yelp states "Vegetarians go nuts for this place!" but as a longtime vegetarian that finally made it to The Peppermill for lunch last Friday, I found that the menu did NOT offer many vegetarian choices at all.Many places these days that have a selection of different types of burgers will also have a veggie-burger option, yet Peppermill does not.   Likewise, looking through the rest of the menu, there really weren't many options unless I wanted breakfast.I ended up ordering nachos.  They were great, but not exactly what I'd want as my sole item for lunch.Our waitress was OK, but seemed annoyed or distracted each time she stopped by our table.  So even though the Peppermill's menu doesn't thrill me, I actually like the place & will be back.  Why?   I really liked the interior design and atmosphere, and that the place is open 24/7.  Even at Noon on a Friday, the people-watching was fantastic, and I expect it's even more of a human zoo late at night/early in the morning, most of the clientele appearing to be locals.I'll be back, but due to their limited vegetarian options, I either need to be hungry for breakfast, or not very hungry at all.  I won't go between midnight & 8AM until I'm current on all my vaccinations...
2	Terrible service and terrible nachos.. large portion..didn't matter..took a couple no bites and left the rest for the dumpster divers
5	We had our first visit to Peppermill on 2/7/14. Good service and good food. I ordered the country ham breakfast and hubby had an omelette. Both were excellent but way too much. Can't wait to go back.
5	We love the peppermill!!! Quick service,great food,large portions and we love the amazing staff!! We were greeted by LARZ the host- whom which we believe should be promoted to manager and tells us "there appetizers are gangster". We had a shy but willing to take one for the team server Yancyyyy! Who we convinced to pose in our complimentary group photo! We love Mary the manager- she coo too! Maryyyyy we will see you tonight!!! Go to the peppermill and get your experience!
5	You must go here when you visit Vegas!  I found this place after reading reviews. Went for breakfast & it was the best meal we had on our trip.  The portions are huge! More than a person can eat in a sitting.  It was a great value.  The waitresses were great. We enjoyed the free photo post card too.  Parking in their lot is easy too.
5	If you come to Vegas, you should have either breakfast, lunch or dinner at least once on your trip.  I'm a regular and have tried just about everything (except red meat) and it's all good.  You should have a  beer and appetizer in the Fireside Lounge, then have your meal in the dining room, Trust me, it's worth it.The french fries might be the best in town.  Salads are huge!  Everything is huge!Think the Cheese Cake Factory times 10.  Smaller menu, but has everything you could think of.I am yet to have a bad dish here.PS For fun, get the fruit dish or the banana split, you will have the greatest time ever!SECRET: If you get there and there is a huge line, go all the way in and check the bar in front of the cook station, if there are seats open, you can skip the wait!
4	Coffee shop with nightclub-like atmosphere. Most romantic bar in town. Always crowded, never had a bad meal there yet.
5	Came here for lunch. Was greeted and seated promptly. Everyone was extremely warm & friendly. Our waitress was fantastic! Wish I remembered her name. The food was fresh & good. Also didn't take too long despite the place being full. My favorite thing about this place was the decor! Very fun & authentic old Vegas atmosphere. Love coming at night as the fire pits are lit. Love this place.
3	The pepper mill is a classic. It's definitely a good spot to check out on the late night in vegas. I don't think it's the type of place you go before you go out for a nice night. They have all types of good variety food. The food is perfect cure for hang overs or a solid breakfast. I recommend it after a loooonnnngggg night out!
4	This place as been a family staple for over 25 years. As a child I looked forward to coming here on our vacations to LV and now as an adult the I still look forward to coming here! The spinach salad is incredible and is definitely shareable. The breakfast menu has your standard items so you can't go wrong if you have kids!
4	Ate a late breakfast here. We had to wait about 15 minutes. Our service was good as they were covered up.The ONLY negative, if you can call it that was the size of the orders. The prices were high, but not considering the size. I had an omelet that must have had 3-4 eggs plus all the ingredients.Sarah had 3 Hugh pancakes, 3 eggs, bacon and sausage.Everything tasted great, but neither of us could eat half of it.Next time we will share or find smaller items to order.I would eat here again if ever in Vegas again.
4	I went here while staying in Vegas. My party had 11 people and they accommodated us quite well. We only waited 10 minutes or less to be seated. The decor is super fun: neon lights, bright colors, etc. It has personality, for sure! Most of my group came for the country fried steak. I had the steak and eggs--it was good! My steak was cooked a perfect medium, as requested. It came with three eggs cooked however you'd like, hash browns, and toast/muffin/etc.  We were checked on throughout the meal and got all we needed. I would come back!
5	Five stars for all the years of great memories...this is the place to go if you want a taste of Vegas as it once was...the restaurant has been my go to spot since I was a toddler, good solid food, big portions, friendly and fast service, fun Vegas style sparkly interior...the lounge with their indoor fire pit, great cocktails, old school videos,friendly cocktail dress wearing servers, and if your lucky fellow customers that walked right out of a mob movie with their lovely ladies, all make for one great experience that is not to be missed ; }
5	I chose this restaurant by previous reviews, and a long time resident of Las Vegas. The food was very good and even when I had to return something they were more than eager and friendly about fixing the problem. The next table had pancakes and the pancake was as big as the plate which was huge. The service was spot on, and the price was equally as pleasing.Would definitely eat here again if I was in Vegas.
5	We waited 25 minutes for a table and is worth every minute!they make u feel comfortable while your waiting.u can gamble n have a drink while you wait and they announce it over the loud speaker.it was cool!and nice!the french toast was amazing and the bavon melted on your mouth.it was soooo yummy!there portions are huge!i will come back to the peppermill  everytime im here for sure!
4	We came here for a good inexpensive breakfast & that is exactly what we got. They have big portions. So sharing is good if u don't want to be stuffed. We had the cheese omelette w/hash browns & a pancake. It was all great, the hash browns are outstanding, taste homemade. The pancake is enormous, light & fluffy but thick @ the same time. All in all a good breakfast @ a great price.
5	This is a diner style restaurant. Super food, huge portions, great service. It's not the cheapest place you can go but the protons are so big that they compensate for the price.
5	I've been here more than a dozen times, I can't remember a trip to Vegas where we didn't go to the Pepper Mill at least once, if not twice.The decor makes me think of a 1970's airport lounge.Its very retro, fun, and casual.There is always a wait, if you don't appreciate that, get over yourself and go somewhere else. It always seems to be a madhouse and the wait staff is always busy. Be patient. I've never felt rushed here, nor have I ever sent my food back for any reason. (but I don't generally do that anyhow.)The portions are HUGE. (This is my only issue with the place, my sister actually asked them if they could give her a 1/2 portion on a TEN EGG OMELET and she'd pay full price (she just didn't want to waste food) and was told no, they won't cut portions, even if your paying full price.)I read a bunch of the reviews here before writing mine... Some of the complaints are really unfounded, like "one dimensional" Whats that about? Someone else said "over priced" Are you serious? Apparently we didn't eat at the same place. The food is very reasonably priced and I can't ever finish what I order.The only thing I don't like? The Sausage gravy, but that's a personal preference, my guy really likes it.The spicy bloody mary's are TO DIE FOR! I recommend going and getting one in the fire side lounge, they taste better when the bartender makes them for you rather than the cocktail waitress ordering them for you en mass. The bartender asks what kind of vodka, and how spicy and if we wanted salt, where as the cocktail waitress just asks if you want it spicy or not.
5	Wowww, this place is awesome! Comfortable booth seatings and big food portions. Lots of servers and busboys and cocktail waitresses in cocktail dresses. Has a fun diner vibe with neon lights and they don't mess around with their banana splits... It's the real deal. So freaking great.They take reservations so if you're on a schedule, probably a good idea because they're often busy and you never know, if there's a big event in town, it'll be even busier. There's a gal walking around taking pictures for you to buy. Lol kinda like at Buca de Beppo.
1	I really don't get the hype over this place.  My wife and I went here for breakfast at about 10am because of the outstanding reviews.  It's typical old-school Vegas gaudy and very crowded. We waited an hour and 20 minutes on a weekday to be seated (now lunch-time) but were looking forward to the food because of the reviews.  They offered us cocktails while we waited (at 10am?  Well, it's Vegas, I guess).First, the service was excellent.  The waitress was hustling and she kept up with all of her tables.  She was also very polite and attractive.But that was where the good points ended. I got the corned-beef hash because it seemed to be one of the highest rated breakfast dishes.  Where I live, I'm used to corned-beef hash being fresh corned-beef sliced thin and layered over oven-roasted potatoes with sauteed onions and peppers and poached/basted eggs.  I was happily anticipating this sort of dish based on how stellar the reviews were.  Instead, I got a HUGE bowl of what seemed to be Hormel corned beef hash from a can with two basted eggs plopped on top.  Other than the minced potatoes mixed in with the copious amounts of "meat" and 4 slices of fresh (but well refrigerated) green tomato as a garnish, there were absolutely no vegetables.I'm no stellar cook, but I would not serve food of this quality (or lack thereof) to guests at my home, let alone try to pass it off as a dish in a restaurant.  I also thought the size was overkill.  I HATE wasting food, particularly meat, but as a normal large (NOT fat) man, I was only able to eat about 1/3 of this dish and still walked away uncomfortably full, and being on a trip was not able to take any home with me (sad).I can only surmise that the people who rate this place 4 and 5 stars are:a. rating service only.b. into "all you can eat" style dining.c. tourists from places with nothing resembling a decent restaurant.Sorry, but it was big waste of time and money.  You're much better off finding a greasy-spoon off the strip and eating something tastier, cheaper, and MUCH quicker.
3	You walk in expecting strippers but there aren't any! Food was okay, nothing to really brag about. LARGE LARGE portions, couldn't finish it. Everyone was happy, and loved the different color sugar shaker. Was this place once a strip club? Remove the tables and you can have private booth dancers...?
5	Huge portions but so worth the price! The food is so good we ate there 3 times! I suggest you share instead of ordering your own  that's just how much food you get! I will eat here everytime I come to Vegas.
4	Love this place! Excited I finally found where I will bring all my friends and family for breakfast or late night treat. Large portions / cooked precisely / we had 3 servers, one didn't speak English. The seating is great you don't feel crowded and you feel like you are in your own private place. The servers need to tell the guests "you pay at the front". The bathrooms were discussting, over flooded toilet and stalls out of toilet paper / clearly this area needs more attention, it's dive bar gross.
4	Was introduced to this place by a friend and we all decided to check it out as a group for brunch. Upon stepping into the entrance, slot machines on the left are one of your first sights, very Vegas indeed. The entire environment seemed to emit Vegas-style retroness with fake indoor palm trees, colorful sugar, and a disco-like vibe.Since I knew the portions would be huge, my boyfriend and I decided to share a meal. We decided to order the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK AND EGGS (that comes with hash browns). In addition, since it was the morning and it looked like every other table ordered some, my boyfriend decided to order a BLOODY MARY to go along with the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK AND EGGS. The cocktail waitress was very nice in explaining it to him since he didn't know how it worked. You actually get to choose the type of Vodka you would like in it and they use their own secret list of spices to be included. As for it being brunch time, in Vegas, you would have to be drinking every time of the day. My cousin decided to order the PEPPERMILL SAMPLER (golden fried shrimp, breaded chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, bruschetta and batter dipped onion rings) for all of us to share. And that was the first thing that came out and man, did we have to share. The entire thing was huge. Sadly, I was only able to try the mozzarella sticks (which were very warm and gooey inside with cheese after being dipped into marinara sauce--yummy!) and an onion ring (I've had better elsewhere). The rest I left to the others in my group to try. My boyfriend's BLOODY MARY came out next. Being his first time, it wasn't bad. I tasted it as well and it did taste like V8 with a little bit of Vodka with seasoning in it for better flavor. He actually finished the whole thing and was glad his first time was at Peppermill. Finally, our main entree came out, the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK AND EGGS (with hashbrowns). It was super crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside and with that gravy on top made it even that much savory. The hashbrowns also had a nice top crunch to it which I love. Overall, we came out very stuffed. Luckily, since we shared, we were able to eat all of the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK AND EGGS. I wouldn't have been able to if I went into this as a lone person. Great first time experience. I can't wait to see what else Vegas has left for me.
3	Sitting in the fireside lounge is an uncomfortably sexual experience. But If you like the 1970s as much as you like being molested you will love relaxing by the fire pit. 3 stars for great servers and huge portions. Minus 2 stars for creepy stains on the furniture.
4	My friends recommended this location and so we decided to come here on our last day of our vacation.  This place is at the very end of The Strip so we took a cab there.  Its very dark in here.  The menu was big and a little overwhelming as there were so many options.  I ended up getting the Biscuit and Gravy.  The portion is so huge.  The Biscuits were made perfectly as it was moist and soft.    I really enjoyed my meal.  My hubby ordered the Chicken fried steak and eggs with a side of the short stacked pancakes.  He thought it was just okay.  The service here wasn't that great.  We always had to flag our waitress down if we needed something.  Our experience here was so so.
4	Just like many folks out there, this place is a must stop for me when I am in Vegas. Think about The Peppermill as Denny's on crack  Same prices, same hours but they serve liqour, have muuuuuch better food and the portions are ginormous! I love a place that doesn't hold back on the portions and this place, in true diner style, feeds it patrons like they are at home. I usually go for a giant omelette which comes with a bagel and all the fixings.For some reason i always eat here before the drive home, and I always regret it because I'm always in a food coma upon leaving lol.
5	2/16/14this place is always great! ive been coming here for YEARS and its always consistent- good food and lots of it!i got the eggs benedict, which is my go to. it was delicious.i go to vegas at least twice a year so i cant wait to be back in august.
5	Best breakfast place in Vegas if you ask me.  Really great food without the absurd vegas pricing.  Yeah its more expensive than shitty dennys but its 10x as good.  The staff is good and decent to look at too.  Egg Benedict FTW.
1	What is everyone talking about! Nasty stuff fries are soggy.  Baconn was burned and old. Way over priced. Please save your $$ and go somewhere else.
4	Decor and atmosphere is so attracting, I'm having fun just walking in :) Service is always hit or miss though, especially when they're really packed late at night. You get seated then wait for your food server then along comes a cocktail waitress from the Fireside Lounge. Food has always been great especially with their large portions. If theres a long wait, I suggest moseying on over to the Lounge and have a drink while ya wait :) Peppermills definitely a spot to check out while you're in Vegas even just once.
4	Great food, large portions, efficient service. Ate breakfast with a group of 8 and had only a short wait. Food was good and coffee kept coming. Later ate dinner, still a short wait, food tasty, service even better.
1	If you want lots of food, relatively inexpensive with little flavor, this is your restaurant.  Everything from the eggs, hash browns, bacon and pancakes were cooked in the same grease (or lard).   Yuck, very greasy and tasteless.  With everyone's rave reviews we expected al lot better quality.
5	Best place for casual dining in LV.     Great Breakfast too and open 24/7.   Take a cab here if you have to (next to Encore).   You will still save $ over a hotel cafe.    Food is 1000 Xs better too.   I had Philly Cheesesteak and it was the best.    Also had a Buffalo Chk wrap which was also amazing.    Great fries and great service.Sit at the counter for some fun watching the whole operation!
4	I'd wanted to try the Peppermill after seeing the awesome neon in front and staying at the casino in Reno (heh, it rhymes).  We stopped in during mid-afternoon and had the following items:  Oatmeal Cookie blended alcoholic drink (EXCELLENT!), BLT (loaded with bacon--like 6 strips), and chocolate shake (also excellent!).  The interior is all neon, checkerboard tile, and stainless steel.  The pics on the wall of the original building look straight out of Mad Men.  My only complaint is slightly lackadaisical service, especially because we were seated at the counter.  The server was very nice, though, so all is well.  I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in town.
3	Pretty good food and with large portions. Diet?! Whats that?! You will def be hella full after eating here! Friendly staff, but not as attentive as I would expect. I had to keep asking random workers to find our server because they kept forgetting to bring my sides. Annnnnd I'm still waiting for Mickey... (See photo reference) lol
2	Tried the Munch Breakfast which was sauted sausage, onions and bells mixed in their hash brown with eggs and cheese on top.  They saute was not drained, so there was about 1/8th of of a cup of oil in the bottom on the bowl.  This also made the hash soggy.  If they drained the oil out before the mix with the hash and flat topped to keep the hash crispy , it would be better.  Toast, Coffee and Service was good.  Just don't order the Munch.
2	I came to this restaurant with high hopes based on the 4 star rating it has, but I was so, so disappointed! We had a large group, about 10, and it took a really long time to seat us, even though we seemed to be the only people waiting in the front. They finally sat us down with attitude after about 20 minutes when we complained. Then we were served by the most sassy waitress I've ever had, whose idea of asking for orders was, "What you want?!" After waiting for our food for a good bit we were all served our breakfast...cold. The Munch's Breakfast I ordered was literally thrown down on the table in front of me and was abysmal. The eggs tasted powdered or like they were sitting under a heat lamp for a while. The sausage had gross texture and flavor. Everything about the dish was sub-par, which was particularly annoying when one takes into account how EXPENSIVE the whole meal was. I know things in Vegas aren't cheap, but a simple egg scramble with some veggies and meat for like $14? Come on! For all 10 of us the meal came out to around $225. No one, and I mean no one, at our table enjoyed the dining experience at The Peppermill. The service was rude, the food was terrible and overpriced. My advice to someone looking for some good breakfast: go anywhere else. Hell, drive out to Primm and eat at a gas station- it'll be half the price and just as good.
5	What a great place to bring friends or family. We brought our kids there, we all just loved it. We went around 12 o'clock in the afternoon had a late lunch and the service was great even though it was packed to the rim. Unfortunately we didn't get to hang out in the lounge, but were able to see it and wow what a cool place. The atmosphere inside the restaurant is absolutely unique and such a fun place.
5	This is a must do for old school Vegas fans.  Its 70s mirror laden walls with neon lights somehow work here.  Love the trees that hang over the booths.  Make sure you check out the lounge as well... I can picture Ace Rothstein still sitting in there.   As for the food, it's fresh, tasty, simple yet not elementary.  I had the chicken fried steak and eggs...amazing! Service is great and portions are huge.  Peppermill is my new go to for brunch in Vegas!
2	Today was the first time I have ever been to the Peppermill and unfortunately I was very disappointed. Especially because my friends talked so highly of this place.First we checked out the Fireside Lounge and it was happy hour. My friends and I ordered the famous Scorpion drink and MAN it was super strong! For our appetizers we ordered crab cakes, shrimp cocktail and chips and salsa.  The crab cakes could have been better. To me there was really no flavor to them. After hanging out in the Fireside lounge we went over to grab something to eat for dinner. We got fettuccine Alfredo, shrimp scampi Acapulco, and pork loin and eggs. My boyfriend and I were very disappointed with our food. My shrimp scampi wasn't good at all. So bland.All in all, I don't think I'll ever come back for the food but definitely for drinks and appetizers.
4	Heard a lot about this place so we HAD to try it out last weekend. The lounge is SUPER KICK ass.. A MUST go to. The Grill is pretty cool to see.. however the food is just A-OK. More of a lunch meal. I HIGHLY recommend hitting the lounge late night after dinner for drinks/apps. The lounge is dark, good music, lots of TV's, sexy u shape couch's with plants/flowers separating the section all around you, a water feature with a fire pit in the middle. Pretty cool must see lounge.
4	Great portions for the price and totally shareable . Omelettes are awesome ! Good sIzed cups for coffee. Must try!
4	What a totally unique place. Night club style lounge with blacklight and firepit and the the restaurant itself had "cherry trees" inside. A little on the expensive side but it was worth it. Separate servers for cocktails and food.Place was packed at 10. Breakfast served all hours. We waited in the lounge for our name to be called and had a mimosa, which came in a huge glass with ice, more like a mimosa cocktail. It was really good! Wait for 2 was only about 15min.Had the ambrosia french toast. These photos don't do it justice. The plate was huge! Served with sour or whipped cream, both of which were very good. I wasonly able to eat half along with my side of eggs. My bf ordered a standard meal and asked for the bacon extra crispy but it came out almost undercooked...just the way I like it. He had another special request which was taken down but didn't happen but he was in love with their toast so that made it all better.
5	food is always good and hot... i like this place. this food almost tastes as good as mine... of course mine taste better but their's was second runner-up...    :) friendly staff. Open 24 seven.
2	Why do people like to go here? Maybe because they like Denny's and this is a better version that. The decor here has that 80's, dark, neon lights stuff - looks just like the inside of the limo that we were traveling in the night before. Good size portions are served, but the food were just whatever. I had the Ciabatta Pesto Burger and my friends all had various burgers and breakfast entrees and nothing stood out in terms of flavoring. Not worth the low double digit price tags for each. Guess the good thing is that they are open 24. For about the same price, Hash House A Go Go is a way better choice for even ridiculously huger portions and yummier tasting food with more of a distinctiveness.
3	They give you a nice portion of food. I had the chicken fried steak which was excellent. My husband had the Marco omelet, he said was good, and my son had a ham and cheese omelet, which he enjoyed. The service was ok, not the most attentive, but would I go back again yes! affordable, plentiful, and good tasting... works for us!!Would give 4 stars  but giving it 3 due to having to ask random staff for items, as lacked quality service from hostess.
1	This would have been my second time going to this place I thought it was alright the first time 8 years ago. Well this time it wasna horrible experience when my wife and I arrived it was jammed packed there was a 45 min wait.  So we were offered to sit in the lounge to have a drink and wait for a table. Well we walked in and it was dark and it looked like a sex den out of the 70's tables were dirty and there were questionable stains on the cloth lounges I was feeling a bit uncomfortable. So a waitress cleaned off our table and asked what we wanted to drink so my wife ordereda drink for us to share because it was a large drink and I hadnt ate yet. But the kicker was that the Peppermill has a no hat policy in their lounge? Strange I had a hat on it was a tastful hat nothing gang related or any of that cliche stuff, I was asked to remove my hat because they had problems in the past with people wearing hats strange? I refuse to remove my hat because not only I didnt see a sign stating it but i saw few indivduals in the same area wearing hats so I asked for management, management arrived and she stated that it was just there policy she could gove me a solid reason for the policy she proceeded to tell me about their lawyers came up with this policy odd? So I asked her if I had an open wound or religous wrap hat on my head I would be refused services or would be asked to leave there lounge at this point I was bother by the BS policy the manager offered to see if she could bump up our table wait so im able eat in their dining room with my hat but cant drink in their lounge what BS. I was uncomfortable about the whole thing and I left. This nearly cost my vacation to be ruined cause my wife wanted to eat there still at the Peppermill and i refused too because their double standard unexplainable rule.
5	Fast service and good food for the price.
5	This is a definite Vegas classic, never to be duplicated. Well, let's be honest. It should be against the law to duplicate it. One is enough for the world. The diner is standard yet with massive portions deli fare, with decent sandwiches and stuff like that. Pro tip: Get the multicolored sprinkles for your shake or dessert. I don't know why but they have them so indulge!The fireside lounge, on the other hand, is where it is at. Fake fire places, neon lights, velour couches, massive frozen drinks bigger than your head, and a cheesy ambiance beyond anything you could possible imagine truly define the scene. Check out the pictures if you must but instead, just go there and experience it for once. You may regret it but it is still worth it!
4	A bit pricey, but it decorated in retro 80s style with neon lights.  Excellent food, and service is top notch. Thanks yelp reviews for suggesting an excellent place.
2	Maybe they just had a bad day, but we got the worst service ever in the US.The waitress was spilling the soup, she didn't really care about the spoon getting all soupy.While sitting there an another waitress just spilled the food on a customer as well, so I think maybe the problem is with me, this is the totally normal way of business here.When I asked about dishes without meat, she replied by stating they dont have any vegetarian food, so I had to asked specifically whether they can make a chicken quesadilla without chicken and a ceasar salad witout meat. Of course they could but they didn't help at all choosing.When my friends asked for boneless chicken wings, they said of course they can make it, and they brought wings with bones. It was great nonetheless, but they could say that it is with bones.Most of the waitresses were bored as bloody hell, they didnt smile at all. Not all of them looked like they want to commit suicide right on the spot, but as I said most of them did.The portions were huge, and the food was tasty, so this is why I didn't give a 1 star.
4	I've been to the well talked about "pepper mill" twice now and it did not dissapoint. Both times w did not have to wait and had a great server. The food was good and although they seemed really busy, they were available when needed. I love that the coffee cups are real size and not the tiny single cups you get at other places. They also provide french vanilla creamer which is a big deal for me. I ordered an omlette which was the best I've had in a while. It has a sundried tomato sauce on it which was delicious. One of the best things about this place is the piping hot blueberry muffin that you can order rather than toast. The ambiance is neat and kind of retro. I would eat here again while in Vegas. It's a great place if youre not looking for a buffet.
5	I'm always sceptical of restaurants with a legendary reputation.  In my experience, no celebrated eatery ever lives up to its hype.But Peppermill is not just a restaurant -- it's a taste bud energy field pulsating around the tongue and soul of Las Vegas.The food?  A Bellagio fountain of flavour.  The portions?  Bigger than Lake Mead.  The service?  DeNiro would blush.  The ambience?  A neon chic vibe that zipped me back to 1957.Peppermill is the ultimate Sin City jackpot.
5	Outstanding breakfast. You can swap fresh fruit for the hash browns.  They serve very good turkey sausage and my wife and i easily split a 10 egg omelette with no additional fee.  The food tastes very good and is actually quite a value when sharing a meal.
4	Sweet and simple from  a hotel and restaurant background. service from entry great and friendly staff great atmosphere and fast service and pretty good food . If ya want to sure a appetizers with a friend or even a army go with the Nachos!!
5	Favorite spot!  Good food and amazing lounge!
5	My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast and I had their pesto burger which was delicious. The lounge was nice and dark with a fire pit. You won't know if it was day or night in there.  I definitely recommend going there any time of day since its open 24/7.
4	Great food. Get in early to avoid long lines. (By Vegas standards, 8:30 am is early)The serving size is huge. So don't order too much food. I canceled one order at the last minute after they made it and they were gracious enough to cancel it.
4	oh Peppermill, how I miss thee.The wife and I love going to the Peppermill when we're in Vegas.The service is friendly, the ambiance is chill, the portions are ridiculously huge, and the drink menu has tons of options.There can sometimes be a wait, but that's expected from a well known joint on the strip.Can't wait to stop by here again next time I'm in Sin City.
4	Good spot.Came in late night (is 3 am late in Vegas?) alone and sat at the "bar". I ordered a chocolate milkshake and it was delicious.Wanted to write a review so I could mention the wonderful service I received, but since it was a month ago I completely forget her name. If management is reading this, she was 18-19 years old, just started college for dental school (she wanted to be a dentist).She was probably the nicest server I've had in LV. Hopefully she reads this and gets a pat on the back (and a bonus).
5	If you are in or going to Vegas, this is a hidden gem. Great food only exceeded by the portion size. Had probably the best spicy Bloody Mary that wasn't served on the Chesapeake bay. Ordered Chicken fried steak and eggs. Absolutely the best that I didn't make myself.  We went there twice during our 4 day stay .Enough said. PS If you go on a Sunday-GO EARLY. The lines can get long.
5	Came here again and I still love this place. This is where I come to be a fatass after a long night of drinking. Awesome service, never a long wait for a table or food, and food is awesome and portions is more then enough.
5	Awesome spot. This is where we go to breakfast every morning when we're in town. The maserati omelet is the best. They serve a lot of food. My wife and I are able to split a plate and still full. The pancakes are worth a shot too.
5	Went here about a month ago.. Atmosphere Is like you're living on the set of the golden girls which I absolutely love! The food was great I had the eggs Benedict probably the best eggs Benedict I have had in a while. The only thing that I have to complain about is the wait it took for us to be seated... Have no fear they have a full bar and fire pit to keep you entertained while you wait... James the bartender was AMAZING!!!!! He had great recommendations and was up for the challenge of being our bartender!!!! Overall, this was a great place and I will definitely be back!
3	Its right next to Denny's so Im Just sayin...if you want better diner food come here to.... Get a order of Chicken Nachos and a beer  to stop that hangover chief.
2	Food is alright, not bad for a dennys variant. But service....I get better service at McDonald's.
4	History, tradition, star power, kitschy vibe, massive portions, big strong drinks and decent prices......what's not to like?
1	Cheap frozen food  .. Salads drenched or no dressing at all Portions are Humongous ... After I ordered the Peppermill Sampler Huge Onion rings gross frozen chicken tenders and shrimp and Mozzerela sticks.  My friend got the Chicken Parmasean and sent it back my other friend got the chicken Caesar salad and it was gross as well.  I ordered a Bloody Mary I love Bloody Marys but theirs is Horrid Grey Goose or not.
4	nice classic diner.  good food
4	Heard a lot of good things about this place. Great Vegas ambiance. Prices were kinda high ($9.50 for oatmeal) but portions are huge!  24hr menu has something for everyone. Staff was very attentive. Excellent coffee.
4	We loved the juicy, flavorful pastrami burger with onion rings so much that we went back a second time on our 5 day trip to Vegas.  The only reason I downgraded them a star was because my hubby ordered a Mai Tai and what he got was nothing like a Mai Tai.  We still drank it but we were disappointed.  Other than that, a very solid and fun Vegas dining experience.
5	Talk about blast from the past. Neon lights, weird floral arrangements and fake trees. So awesome. Such a great place to people watch after a long night out. We arrived after midnight and this was actually our first stop out in Vegas. We ordered a few drinks and appetizers. I had the shrimp cocktail which was really fresh and good with nice plump chilled shrimp. My husband ordered beer battered cheese sticks. They were crisp and fresh served with a side of marinara sauce.  I ordered the Key Lime pie martini, complete with a graham cracker rim. It was creamy, sweet and strong. Loved it! My husband had a huge Mai Tai and I actually laughed at him when it came out because it was a giant girly drink. It was also very strong and good. I wish we could have ordered some of the breakfast items but I wasn't too hungry. I really loved the atmosphere and the very 80's vibe they have going on in here. Such a fun place to dine and have drinks. Our waiter Jose was very attentive and nice. Our cocktail waitress was also very patient as we were taking forever to decided on what to order. We were given plenty of space to enjoy ourselves and just enough service to fulfill our needs.
4	Great food. Crowded, but they handle it very well. Give good estimates on wait. They told us 25 minutes and it was around 22.Only 4 stars because the food is good but a little over priced.There $22 dollar steak is not really worth it. Close but not quiet.
5	Oh Peppermill, you will always have a place in my heart. This is me and my husbands favorite place in Vegas for breakfast or a late brunch. The food is always consistently good and the service is wonderful. The ladies that have been here for a while already know us by name. They make you feel so at home!
5	JACKPOT!  We've got a winner here. My friend INSISTED we stop by for breakfast. I've gotta say that I'm so glad he wouldn't let me leave Vegas until I did.Never in a million years would I compliment bad decorating, but I gotta say, "What a GROOVY place!"  The atmosphere definitely makes you feel like you just stepped back into the 1970's (or early 80's) Down-chicka-down-down...The wait was about 30 minutes, but it was worth it.The tables were booths that felt like private coves.Our waitress was really sweet, attentive and on top of everything.  I was amazed how she remembered all her tables with these tucked away cove-like booths.  (With all the mirrors and lights--it's definitely not a place where you can drink on the job!)I ordered a salad and it was HUGE!My husband had the egg white omelette and said it was great.The coffee was fresh (We appreciated the large mugs, btw). The prices were a bit high for the diner atmosphere, but that wouldn't stop me from coming back.  Because, let's face it-- I've wasted my cash on worse experiences in this town!
3	The Fireside Lounge is a cool place to hang out. I was craving a Bloody Mary so we stopped in for some drinks. Their Bloody Mary's were pretty good! Definitely enjoyed the atmosphere to go with it. Watching 90's music videos by the fireside was pretty sweet too! We came back the next day for some more drinks (it is Vegas afterall!) and some food. The Hawaiian Mimosas were amazing! Not sure if they were worth $10, considering you don't get much. After we got our drinks we waited for a table for about 30 minutes. Once we sat down we were greeted by our waitress, who started off very attentive and then soon disappeared. until our check was delivered. I ordered the eggs benedict which were very mediocre. My friend ordered a corned beef egg dish that was also relatively bland. Overall, food was nothing special, drinks were pretty good, and atmosphere is great!
5	I had never been here before, and the few times that I have driven by I've always thought it was probably a strip joint as the windows are dark, and have those stereotypical, the purple and pink neon lights.  My wife, had mentioned this is one of her favorite places because of the rainbow sugar.  I figured might as well try out a new place...so i took her word for it and came in for a bite.Once inside, it looks even more like a strip joint than it did outside.  We walked in through the lounge area in the back...it's very dark, more Neon Purple and Pink lighting, that thick black carpeting and mirrored ceiling. Once through the lounge and into the restaurant, there was more lighting though the strip joint ambiance looks like it mated with a family friendly restaurant and gave birth to what is Peppermill.Our orders were taken, and our meals were served with in a few short minutes.  The food portions where pretty gnarly (at lest for what we got) and I definitely well worth it's price.I look forward to my next dining experience here.
4	Huge portions- super fun. Came here for dinner... but I suspect it is 1000x more awesome at 2 am after too many drinks. I will have to come back to find out.
3	The Peppermill is sort of like Denny's slutty older sister. That's the best way to describe it. You might think that's a good thing since, like any normal person, nothing gets you more hot and bothered than simultaneously thinking about skanks and Moons Over My Hammy. In reality, it's not so much a good thing (I know, hard to imagine how a slutty Denny's wouldn't be amazing). Unfortunately, the food is pretty terrible, and the service is about on-par with any other diner. If there is one saving grace, it's the nachos. And not because they're particularly delicious, but because of the sheer excess with which they're slammed onto your table. Atmosphere is about what you'd expect: lots of drunk people eating nachos. And lots of riff-raff treating it like an actual restaurant. It's not a restaurant, it's a hardcore nacho stop before you go throw up and go to sleep.
4	this review will be quick and to the point!!  open 24hrs. go hungry -- leave extremely full!!
4	Oh so wanted a benny for breakfast and after reading the reviews and seeing the photos I decided to walk a mile and half to this place for breakfast. It's really cool and the waitstaff is super friendly. I felt like I had been time warped to a Vegas way before I was born and have expected to see a hung over Elvis dining there. The food was good and with the prices so outrageous on the strip this was more affordable. My benny wasn't the best I have ever had but I enjoyed the moment in a funky environment. The service was fantastic-and I wondered how is the waitress so perky this morning- I had too many champagne cocktails at Absinthe and Fizz the night before. Viva Las Vegas!
1	I used to come here for lunch for work a while back and now I remember why I don't go there for any other reason. The food sucks, the prices are high, the service sucks, and it's COLD AS F$^# in there. This is a tourist trap sort of place, so be prepared for a very long wait for a table. My friends ordered soup and salads, and I ordered French Toast and coffee.  Everything was just MEH. I would never come here again.
5	Went here on Mothers Day which wasn't the best time to go, but waited in the cool bar area and chatted with the nice female bartender.  We split the corned beef hash which we asked for crispy and it was awesome!  Our waiter also let us order just one pancake which was huge and those two items were plenty for two women to split.  There was a guy going around taking photos at the tables and at first I thought, "Heck no!", but he was really nice and not pushy for us to purchase.  The decor is kind of funny, but I would highly suggest you go here for breakfast.  It's open 24 hours by the way.
4	Breakfast is really good here. I ordered the French toast breakfast, husband ordered corn beef and loved it. Overall good service, very attentive
1	Tonight I witnessed them kick out a gentlemen in a turban because of their "no hat" policy. I hope he sues them and shuts them down. Ignorant. #peppermilllounge
3	Let's start with the good...Atmosphere and servers make the place. Now to the bad. We went for breakfast, and it was average at best. I ordered bacon and eggs, poached. Two of the three eggs were way over done, so our server got a new order. By the time the they came out, the rest of the breakfast was finished, and the new order was over cooked as well.
5	Walking into The Peppermill is like walking into a lounge on a cruise ship. (Think mirrors, neon lights, palm trees, and flamingos.) If the tables were bolted to the floor, you'd swear you were on the S.S. Celebration. And that's a good thing, in my book.When we first moved to Vegas in the late '90s, we would bring every out-of-town guest here. I'm not sure when that tradition fell by the wayside, but it's time to reinstate it.Although we probably haven't been back in five years or more, nothing has changed since my first visit. Same gaudy decor. Same '70s music. Same great diner food. And, as far as I can tell, same prices. It may be a bit steeper than other places in town, but the prices are a steal for the Strip and the portions are so huge that you can pull two or even three meals out of one entree.That was certainly the case for my Cobb salad, which was just as big -- and delicious -- as I remember it. I ate a quarter of it for dinner and had leftovers for three more meals! My husband ordered The Conquest, which is a glorified roast beef sandwich, with a side of onion rings. I think they may have changed the recipe on the rings -- they seem to be more panko-y and less beer batter-y -- and the portion seemed bigger than in the past. But they were great, and as I said before, they may be the only thing that's changed since 1998.After dinner, we stopped in the lounge for a cocktail. Visiting the lounge is an event in itself. More mirrors, more neon, and a circular fire pit to entertain you and your date while you soak up the vibe. I usually get a mai tai, but I was so stuffed from dinner that I got something a little lighter: a Chambord lemon drop martini. It was a little sweet for my taste, but my husband's pineapple mojito was pretty tasty. And, once again, the prices were on par or lower than other bars on the Strip: less than $20 for both. Do yourself a favor and take a step back in time next time you're on the Strip. The Peppermill is open 24 hours, so this hot tub time machine is always ready for a party.
2	Havent been here in a while, so I decided to come back to actually try out the food this time. I used to come here to drink and meet up with friends. I was in the mood for a steak so I ordered the ribeye the food came out in a timely manner and the service was good . Sad to say the steak was not as good as the service . I'm a better stick myself and that is what I compared to. I felt like I ordered from a one star restaurant. I literally wanted to bring in my own cow and show them how to really make some good steak . I guess next time I'll stay in and cook my own.
5	Tropical cocktails in colored pictures and in massive glass globes, pink neons lights cast strange shadows on the faux foliage, gilded mirrors makes the room look like a ballroom while the cocktail servers, clad in floor-length ball gowns and soft sex voices, sashay around the bubbling fire pit. Strange place. But yes, I still take every one of my out-of-town friends here. Every single one.
3	Pepperdine cafeA little pricy, portion size are pretty large, you can easily share with friends, Get an omelet they kill like a whole carton for that shit!OrderedBuffalo Wings 8.95?Chicken Soup 4:95:Steak and Eggs 17.99?Fed 4 peopleShould have ordered omelets lots of food haha They took a picture, it was hecka small.Could have been better. This place is popular cause of the decorations
4	Kitschy and groovy! Hubbie and I loved the old vegas diner feel. The cocktail waitresses were even wearing black gowns! Def. for cool people that don't take themselves too seriously! It really is out there, by Riviera and has it's own parking lot and famous for being in several shows movies like Casino etc. Open 24 hours which is great and has a lounge/bar.I know my mom would def. not appreciate it as it is old, not pretty and who knows if they ever dust those fake flower trees hanging over us. The couple we dined with were healthy/picky eaters so the huge portions might've been a turn off. But we'll be back! and next time we will SHARE!corned beef hash was delish, fresh baked blueberry muffin was great, the seafood omelette was good but not too much seafood, kids meals are huge too (maybe share or skip it completely) Sampler huge. Even the salad my friend got was huge and came with fruit too. Mimosas were great! They take a postcard pic, then try to sell you a bigger copy for $15.
5	I can't go to Vegas without visiting The Fireside. Delicious drinks(my favorite is the dreamsicle martini), awesome vintage ambiance, and good service. It's a great Vegas must do.
5	Had the chicken with Dijon sauce, was excellent. The mashed potatoes were especially creamy and good. Service was good. The ambiance was old hooker Vegas.
5	I've been here a half a dozen times over the years. Every visit was a pleasure.The god is good and the drinks are excellent. You'll love the ambiance in the bar. It's the perfect place to take a date.
4	This place was great Looks iffy on the outside and totally Funk on the inside.  It's looks like Gorge Clinton was the interior designer.  The food was really good and the staff was very friendly.  They are open 24 hours "+" very recommend.
5	Best breakfast in Las Vegas!  Been coming here for years, but on our most recent visit, we ate exclusively at Peppermill each morning.  The food is delicious and the presentation is photo-worthy (seriously, we saw two different guests taking pics with their meals before eating).  Love everything about this place - the neon, the cocktail servers in evening gowns at 7 am, the friendly wait staff, and - of course - the food.  I'm already thinking about our next visit!
5	They take time on their drinks.. And they are strong!  This is a must stop whenever you are in vegas.  It..just..looks..WEIRD?!  but really cool.  The food is fantastic and the portions are huge.  Prices are reasonable too.  Dont forget to check out the lounge too.. really cool spot
4	This is the first time we ate at the Peppermill. From the outside it looks like a 1950s diner. Once you get inside other reviews called it a Denny's wannabe while others compare the decorating to a cruise ship. I think both of those descriptions are appropriate, only in a very positive way. Our server came to the table right away. She took our drink orders and answered questions about the menu. The couple we went with had there before. They warned us about the size of the portions and so we decided to share a salad. Boy that was enough. We had the steak salad. They prepared the steak perfectly. Volume of food was huge. We certainly did not leave hungry. I would recommend this restaurant for an informal meal at a very reasonable price. Don't expect anything fancy. But the food is good and I will plan to go back again.
4	Servers here were very nice! * Very "welcoming" * my first visit was back 2010 and came back yesterday, awesome food and great experience!
5	Great place to eat and drink late night on the strip. We hit the restaurants around 10PM and service fairly prompt given how busy the place was. We ordered the Eggs Benedict and roast beef sandwich. Both tasted great! I'd compare this place to an upscale Denny's with atmosphere and look (like many have already said) of a cruise liner. We did order a couple of drinks (which you must order from the cocktail waitress instead of your server for some reason) and they tasted great as well. (We ordered the 64 ounce monster drink) Overall a great place to stop by for some decent late night food. Parking was easy to find also.
5	A classic!! Great service and delicious food. HUGE PORTIONS TOO!!!!! Try the egg and ham omelette (w/bacon) AAAAMAZING!!!  Plenty of parking but this place gets packed fast. Wait time can be up to 45mins so keep that in mind.
4	The Peppermill is way far from the glitz and glamour of the strip; but it's def worth a trip for an any time of the day; gigantic cheap meal.The dining experience will also take you back to old school style Vegas diner with the funky carpet and floral printed upholstery and indoor trees and string lights...Yes. Definitely old school.I did however; enjoy their food too.Loved the French toast.. and my husband got some gigantic Scramble that just filled me up as soon as it was left on our table.Great service.
5	Classic Vegas!   This restaurant has amazing service and even better food.  The omelettes are the best we ever had.  Be sure to go in back and check out the fireside room-it's incredible!
2	It's a classic. You must check it out. Anthony Bourdain said so. However, the only thing to order here are the drinks in the Fireside Lounge. Trust. We ordered the nacho's one night thinking it would be a good picky pick. Wrong! The heighth of the "fixin's" nearly hits the 12" mark! We ordered a side if chips to just dig into it. After 10 minutes we gave up & offered them to our fellow fireside-ers. It's a fun 80's Vegas meets Disney room and very fun to chill in. Order a mai tai and enjoy the whack.
4	Ordered a medium rare BBQ bacon burger with guac on the side. They forgot the guac, but I didn't need it by the time I saw how huge and juicy the burger already was. My friends got omelettes, scrambles, and other burgers. Come HUNGRY because the portions are HUGE. you will leave with leftovers. Quick service is always a huge plus!
4	This is a great place to eat on The Strip.  You get big portions for cheap.  Most places on The Strip cost an arm and a leg for a good meal.  The menu is huge too.  You can get breakfast, lunch, or a dinner at just about any time of day.  However, be prepared to wait, whatever time of day it is, you will more than likely have to wait for a table.  And the service is ok.  But the food and prices are worth it.
4	This place is a must for tourist and locals alike!  The Fireside Lounge is ideal for playing kissy face on a date night.  If you are bringing the family, then eat in the main dining room.Great late night dining!
5	Food is yummy and the portions are huge I suggest splitting. It's a great place to people watch also. I have never been on the lounge side. The decor is unusual to say the least. Low ceilings with dark mirrored tiles. Purple booths. Very kitchy.
4	Good food with lots of variety and fast, friendly service.  This restaurant was a welcome relief from all the over-priced places on the Strip--so great to not have to sacrifice quality of good for an affordable price!
2	The hostess underestimated the time by half an hour.  Could have chosen another option   When I waited my 45 minutes and went back to check at hostess stand she told me it would be another 25 minutes rather rudely.  The manager Beau defended her by stating it is hot out and people don't rush to leave. No apologizes   The menu has been abbreviated and many items deleted that were popular staples.  I frequent this restaurant and recommend it to many tourists.  Needless to say that won't be occurring any longer
4	We were staying at the Riviera, so this place is basically the closest restaurant not in the Riviera food court. I had heard many things about the Peppermill - it was old, it was basically Denny's, you had to wait forever, etc. I still wanted to try it out, and I'm glad I did!It is old. It's more of a relic of 80's Vegas. The Fireside Lounge is really cool, but very smoky. Not that great of ventilation. The food was hit or miss, but the portions are so big you really don't care that much. Or you are probably drunk like most people in Vegas. Just make sure you get something you REALLY like because you are going to have a lot of it. Like, maybe the biggest portion of your life. Peppermill makes Chipotle look like a joke. I say come by if you are on that side of the strip. It's a fun place and your only meal of the day if you play it right! The only con is there is always a wait.
4	Best place to go for late night grub, serving size is huge and if you have a sweet tooth I would recommend the mud pie.  Its super chocolatey goodness with a large amount of ice cream.  The strawberry shortcake and brownie desserts come in a huge glass cup with ice cream which are also great . It's a diabetic coma waiting to happen .
4	Good service, tasty food, and the "fruit cup" was fresh fruit.  I was put off by the coffee that is priced at $2.95 but it was delicious and my waitress offered me a go cup.  She didn't fill it with the half cup I had left, she filled it up with fresh.  We'd eat here again!
2	Really disappointed after reading rec in USA Today and having locals endorse it. Read others' reviews about juicy burgers; ours were dry but still a bit cold in middle.  I had the pesto burger; everything but the meat was good. My husband's mushroom burger was also dry. Our fries and rings were unremarkable, and it wasn't as inexpensive as I expected. Cool to see inside.
4	Always solid good old school Vegas.milkshakes are some of the best in town
4	Great find everything else was closed so we decided to do a littler forth of July dinner  great service by Alfonso
5	Good food and customer service! Come hungry as the portions are huge! The restaurant had that old Vegas feel,
5	We loved this restaurant.  First of all colored sugar at the table!  Woo-hoo!  The kids loved it....okay, so did the parents. The decor inside with the neon lights were very cool too.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive; the cocktail waitress was also wonderful.  A photographer came by to take a complimentary photo of the family.  We received a free 3x5 photo and had the option to buy 8x10, but didn't.  The free one was perfect!  The food was pretty good and we were very pleased.  The portion size was pretty huge, so we were able to take it back to our hotel.Great place!
5	Great food with awesome service.  Very accommodating to us even when we're in a hurry and made some complicated orders.  The breakfast was all we had and it was so delicious.  It catered to my fitness diet and we can count on them for that. The great thing about this place, it's next door to our host hotel when we have to work all weekend. By the way, the lounge is a chill place to wait to be seated.
5	I've eaten at the Peppermill a number of times over the last 5 or 6 years. I usually arrive into Vegas on a later, after-work flight from the East coast. By the time I get checked in to my hotel and all cleaned up for the evening, many of the hotel dining options are closed or things are winding down. Thankfully, the Peppermill is open 24 hours with a full menu. It is a fantastic diner with a great menu, and soo much character. It's clean, the wait staff is friendly and top notch. Also, the late-night manager is friendly, always on her toes, and interested in hearing about the customer experience. She does a great job both supporting and orchestrating the service staff. I have ordered many entrees, both dinner and breakfast selections, some of which include the following:  Berry Spinach Salad, Crab Cakes, Omelettes, Chicken and Red Pepper Pasta, Swiss and Mushroom Burger, Creamy Chicken Dijon, Pesto Chicken Sandwich, Tomato Bisque, Chicken Noodle Soup. My favorite is the Creamy Chicken Dijon dinner. Two generous pieces of pounded chicken served on top of mashed potatoes with a vegetable, often green beans, and of course the creamy dijon sauce.  It is a large portion entree, as most of the dishes served are. I'm surprised there are not pictures of this entree in the photos section. The specialty drinks are excellent too. Cocktail waitresses in black gowns take your drink order which is prepared by the bartenders in the Fireside Lounge. I've ordered the Blue Hawaii a couple of times, and I have a friend that loves the Espresso Martini.After dinner, I usually get a couple of drinks in the Fireside Lounge. You get certain drinks comp'd if you play the video casino games at the bar. However, I have to warn you, the games seem tighter than many of the machines I've played at different locations in Vegas. You may want to consider abstaining from play and just pay outright for your drinks. All in all, the lounge is a comfortable place to get a few drinks with friends after dinner.I gave this restaurant a very high rating, taking into consideration it is an upscale diner, with its own unique signature ambiance.
5	Perfect diner for a late night snack. Great huge portions right on the Strip. Saw one guy eat a chicken fried mozzarella steak hero sandwich with onion rings tooth picked into the top. Five minutes into it, his eyeballs turned white with 3 sevens across them. He fell out of the booth and yelled, "I just paid off!" That's a late night Vegas diner, baby.
5	Did not go to the Peppermill restaurant this time, but just to the Fireside for drinks. I love both sides of this place, but the Fireside has such an amazing atmosphere. Of course there is a beautiful fireplace that has seats and TVs playing videos surrounding the fire pit. I also enjoy the music it plays...it's a mix of everything from newer top 40s to 80s music. The other seating in the lounge is very intimate and comfortable. We got the Fireside speciality drink which was 64oz with 6 shots in it. You can get it blended with ice cream, but we just got it on the rocks.  Happy to have done it once, and it was good, but probably wouldn't order again, as I am more of a beer and whiskey gal. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. I would definitely return here again and again. Great place to take your visiting tourists too!
4	You know what. There's really only one way to describe this place."Upper class Denny's, good looking servers, and humungous portions"Seriously that is all that you need to know. The food portions here are so big that there is no way you cannot get full. You thought Denny's was good? Denny's can't even touch this. I'm not saying that it's the MOST delicious breakfast food I've eaten. What I am saying is that they will fill you until your gut explodes.Oh one more thing. If you are hung over, go here for breakfast. Yup.
2	Blah ... it is a Denny's with even bigger portions. Meaning you pay $13 for a pancake and you get a really big pancake. The food in general is no better than any other fast casual breakfast place just bigger portions. Our server, Cheyanne, we think forgot our order because when she started serving people around us, who sat down 45 minutes after our party of 6, she said the delay was "making a grilled cheese". Funny, the grilled cheese came out first! She also brought toast to one diner 30 minutes before their eggs arrived. When they asked for "hot toast" for their meal she seemed a little put out. BUT, the Peppermill is an establishment and part of the Vegas experience. Just don't think you are going to get anything special except for your Bloody Mary served by a woman in an evening gown.
5	This is seriously one of those places that you just have to visit when you're in Vegas. The food is normally priced, the portions are enormous, and the decor is right out of my neon fantasies. Get the banana bread & take that back to your hotel for a snack later in the day. You'll be happy you did.
2	If you want to eat at a Denny's type establishment go to Denny's. It's much better than Peppermill! However, if you like dining with a lamp hanging in your face, this place fits the bill. It's unfortunate, because the decor and neon lights are cool. In the end, we felt like we were in a bad episode of Charlie's Angels. The food was very sub par. I ordered the "signature" burger, and found it dry and flavorless. My wife's turkey burger was unseasoned, bland, and tasted like charcoal. The sweet potato fries were limp, and tasted like they had been sitting in a pool of grease. You can't order drinks from your server, so you have to track down the cocktail waitress. We tried the Scorpion, which supposedly had six shots. It was basically a bowl of ice and fruit juice. There was also a guy going around offering to take a complimentary picture. It reminded me of the guy who would make balloon animals at Carlos Murphy's back in the 80s. The free picture was 3x5. He was harassing a family of Scandinavian tourists trying to get them to buy an 8x10 saying that this was the best deal they would find on the Strip. Overall my stomach felt like rocks the rest of the night. Thanks Peppermill for providing memories we will never forget!
4	This old restaurant is still alive and kicking. You want a big and filling meal for your money's worth, go here! Every time I go to Vegas I stop by here at least once during my trip. This restaurant is open 24 hours and has great food. They also have a lounge in the back which is good size, nice fire pit in the middle of a small water fountain, some pretty hostesses, and decent price drinks. The menu is your typical American food you can find at Dennys, Norms, Spires, etc. But the quality at Peppermill far surpasses those places. I would recommend this place to everyone going to Vegas!
3	"Fireside Lounge"I absolutely love this place and no visit to Vegas is complete without it. Obviously, I can't give it higher than three stars because it's so cheesy, but I still love it. You enter through a standard diner (with pretty good cholesterol-heavy food) into a pink-and-blue-neon low-ceilinged room with a fire pit in the center. It's like passing from "Alice" into "Fantasy Island" to complete the '80s feel. I will give them points for the place always seeming very clean even though it's cluttered and hasn't been updated in an age (which is sort of the point). The plastic flower garland hanging everywhere isn't dusty and the cocktail servers in long black skirts slit up to the ying-yang are busy polishing the brass railings and plumping the cushions when not bringing drinks. The drinks aren't very good and tend to the sweet side on the cocktail menu. Hilariously, when I was last there, my buddy ordered a gin & tonic and the waitress asked, "Would you like olives with that?" He was a bit taken aback, but said, "No, typically it comes with a twist. Gin and tonic, right?" The waitress acknowledged the order and when she went to the bar, he turned to me and said, "I will bet you money I'm about to get a gin martini." Sure enough, he got a giant glass of gin with a twist of lemon it in. Thus was born the new drink, a Gin & Tonic-Hold the Tonic. This was a pretty basic fail, but it only makes you love the place more. It's kind of like your slightly mentally-challenged child--you can't help but have affection despite its issues.Sour note: Since smoking is allowed, when there are various trolls puffing away at the bar, the low ceilings can make the smoke pretty oppressive.
5	Food was amazing! Well worth the wait and the portions were generous. Hopefully it doesn't take me 12 more years to return!
5	The food is amazing... I Went there with a few friends, and I just fell in love with this place.
4	Hadn't been in a long while. Still as nice as always, my husband and I stopped in for one drink while out and about the other night. Love the cocktail servers dresses!
4	Excellent service. Great vibe for a Vegas restaurant. Good was really good and onion rings were crispy and delicious. Feels like an old Big Boy restaurant but mite lively and Vegas like. Recommended!!
4	This a must-visit place each time I am in Vegas...I heard this is one of the places locals frequent...Why stay in your hotel for breakfast?  You would get a great diner experience here!
4	it is always nice to visit the peppermill, especially after a night of heavy drinking :)  the reason I did not give it 5 stars is because our waitress was kinda of a bi**h.  she had attitude, she would slide stuff across the table, she didnt bring us any condiments.  The bus boy had to get our sodas and our syrup.  the sampler platter was good it came with chicken strips, mozarella sticks, bruchetta, fried shrimp, and onion rings. All the food was pretty good, its just the service they have to work on
5	The food was awsome drunk, but the service was spectacular by Alice at fireside lounge. Why is she there, our waitress should be at a five star restaurant.
4	This place is a brisk 15 minute walk (in the sweltering heat) from the Trump Int'l Hotel. Just go to the strip and then walk north. I miss my local Peppermill that was in Cupertino (right by Apple), so it's always a bit nostalgic to come in and see. The place is just a snazzy, super Vegas diner, with quick service. There was a bit of a wait, but you can go into the lounge for a cocktail while you'r waiting for a table. I had a mimosa, and my friend had a very awesome Bloody Mary. Nice 'n spicy.I had the corned beef hash. It was good. The portion was ginormous. I had it for an early morning snack the next morning (thank goodness for the kitchenettes in the Trump!)All the details of this place are super fun. There's colored sugar in the sugar dispenser. There's fun neon. There's fake trees. What more can you ask for when in Vegas?
4	I have been to the Peppermill a few times but never eaten here. Normally I go with friends and watch them drink while I have tea or soft drink in the fireside area. Which is a great place for a couple (you will be pleasantly surprised I Promise). We were there to eat and eat we did. The waitress was nice and looked 16 which I kidded her about but she was a good sport and a very good server. I found it to be a good time and I loved the pastrami sandwich (so lean) just writing this review makes me want to go back. I have not had a good pastrami sandwich in a while. The servings were healthy and everything was quite good. I will be going back. Who wants to come?
5	The first brunch place we have found out in Vegas and we both loved it. The Turkish sausage with three eggs and hashed potatoes as well as the halfed banana were what we have ordered. The size was so huge that eventually we end up with sharing and could not finish the icecream. Waitress was very attentive.
5	The lounge is a must see. Food is huge portions but really good. Did i say visit there lounge..i love it. Drinks are enormous and sooo good!!
2	I think this is a place to go late at night / early in the morning hours. We were there for dinner, and nobody really liked what they had. The gyro sandwiches were just ok. The bruschetta wasn't very good. The garlic bread for it wasn't v. garlicky, and it was cold. The spinach salad was old spinach leaves, and tasteless bacon bits. We were there for an early dinner. I know we disappointed the cocktail waitress because we didn't order.
5	Great location. Great Food. Great Price!!If you're tired of paying 80 bucks on the strip for lunch, check out this place. Service is quick, portions are MASSIVE and prices are extremely reasonable. Been coming here for a few years now and have had a variety of items on their menu and it's always been delicious. Give it a try.
3	The food was yummy, the location was rather interesting, the staff was okay, but the wait was awful.The outside makes it look like a classic diner. However once inside you'll see its true appeal. It literally looked like a strip club but was missing the most essential aspect of it, a pole! That could've, would've been nice! The front end was nice and did a great job dealing with all the hangry (hungry and angry) people. However, the service was a bit off once we were seated. It took a while for our waitress to make her way to us which is understandable given that they were swamped but we had been waiting for 50+ minutes and could've used a refreshment right off the bat.Our orders came out all together which was nice; none of that awkward waiting and watching for others to get their plates. I got the Eggs Benedict which was pretty good and priced at at about $13. I liked how the hollandaise sauce tasted. It was a bit tangier than others I've had in the past.  The eggs were poached nicely and ran lovely through my crispy hashbrowns. My friends tried numerous things such as the club sandwich, the BLAT sandwich, and an omelette all of which was pleasing.  Overall, definitely not a bad option if you're in Vegas and want something yummy and fun for breakfast. However, if there's a long wait I wouldn't bother. I personally, didn't think it was worth the 50+ minutes we waited to just get seated. I did think the lounge was a fun place and wouldn't mind stopping by there for a pregame drink.
4	This is an absolute MUST if you have people visiting Vegas! Heck, I'd come here all by my lonesome just for the cheeky eclectic lighting and huge portions! Peppermill is quintessentially Las Vegas :) It's open 24 hrs, and seemingly always packed.  Located on the north end of the strip, it's not the greatest location, but convenient enough and with ample parking. They make a mean sandwich, and supposedly have amazing banana bread! The service can be a little slow, but it was friendly none the less. What I love about this place, however, is all the neon lights and it's 50's diner quirk. There is also a bar attached that has a nice little indoor fire-pit that is soooo retro fun. It gets crowded so be ready for a wait or to sit at the counter.
4	This place is definitely unique. I haven't been here in a few years and I'm glad that I decided to re-visit today. The diner itself is different from your ordinary food spots.  It has great lights on the inside and I get that old diner vibe with the staff wearing their uniforms.The food is great and comes in HUGE proportions.  I ordered breakfast and recieved enough food for the entire day. The staff are all extremely good looking which doesn't hurt either! Overall it was great :)
3	Me and my friend came here for some late night eating and I got to say, worst sandwich I've ever had in my life. we got the mozzarella with tomato sandwich. It was just what you read. Cold ass tomato and cold ass mozzarella. Not grilled or even warmed up or anything. I forced myself to eat half before I was sure I was going to vomit.The only great thing about this place is the colorful sugar I kept snacking on through the whole visit, and their gigantic ice cream sundae. Now that is what dreams are made of.
4	This place is so tacky, it's not even funny.  Upon entering, you feel like the SS Enterprise teleported you back to 1980.  I want to brae out my shoulder pads, aqua net, parachute pants and Members Only jacket.  The ceilings are mirrored, with neon pink, and blue lights everywhere.  There are these giant fake cherry blossom trees, and planter after planter of fake plants and flowers.  Just think, the cheesiest place imaginable. You may come here to be entertained by the cheesy atmosphere, but you definitely come here for the amazing food.  The portions are enormous! Definitely big enough for two to split.  We got one garden omelette, a fruit cup, and an order of eggs Benedict to share for three people.  It was more than enough food.  While the food and the service were both excellent, the only bummer of this visit was the 30 plus minute ticket time to get our food.  The server repeatedly apologized, and was kind enough to not charge us for our coffee, iced tea and oj.  This is the minus one star.  Otherwise this place rocks!
1	Maybe my standards are just too high, as when I go into a restaurant & order simple food I expect to get simple food. Nothing extra & disgusting. This place is a must if you like things in your food, like used sweetener packets from what I assume was a dirty plate. The manager attempted to say sorry but just made it worst. Although our server lacked the experience to rectify the problem, she tried to take care of it. They get one star and not a negative five because our server, Cheyenne, was a trooper, she tried to stay positive & smiley. The manager, only after reading my horrible comment card, came back over & tried to attempt to actually hear us the second go round. Whatever won't be back!!! I'd rather cook & btw I hate cooking!!!
5	I LOVE YOU PEPPERMILLOnce again you made me so happy to be in Vegas. Had an early AM flight and probably couldn't check in and decided to grab some breakfast.I got the 2 eggs and turkey sausage. Scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly and it came with 4 Turkey Sausage patties. I also had them melt shredded cheddar cheese on top of the hash browns. As the side I got the blueberry muffin...it was the most amazing muffin I've ever had. They also have whipped butter, so it didn't tear the muffin or toast if you got that. My friend got the corn beef hash. She really liked it. It was a GIANT portion. It comes with basted eggs, which means sunny side up and then finished under the salamander. Its still runny though.The cocktail girls now wear black satin dresses instead of the awesome velvet ones.
5	I absolutely loved my visit here! However, my rating is more for the ambiance and experience rather than the foodThis is old school Vegas with all it's gaudy lights and style. The fireside pit was definitely a place I feel I can get Day Drunk at. The fireside pit was separated from the main restaurant. If you installed a few poles and threw in some strippers, it will look EXACTLY like a strip club. It's dark and the seats were definitely strip club-esque. Anyhow, we ordered this fishbowl drink (supposedly their signature drink) that we saw being served at another table while waiting for our table at the fireside pit. It was about 18 dollars and enough for 2 people to share because it was huge. It was also quite a tasty drink. Thumbs up.We also split an omelet, which came with a side of hash browns. Both were decent. Nothing particularly good or bad to say here. The reason I'm such a fan is the fact that it's open 24 hours, the old school Vegas feel, and a photographer even came by to take our picture and print out a free postcard for us!
4	A very interesting place to hang out. Good happy hour specials and fire pit seating is cool. Has a serious strip club vibe without the strippers, not sure if it's super cool or creepy, either way, it is worth checking out for sure, just to say you've been there
2	The food was terrible, arrived cold, and was nothing like the sister restaurant in Reno. I don't understand. Cafe Milano in Peppermill Hotel was so good. This was... well terrible!The service was slow, out food was over salted and arrived cold, and we just hated it. Not coming back!
5	This seems to be a local touristy spot for diner food at the end of the strip. We hit it up and had a great time. The food was fantastic and we had great service too. It was a unique place with an outstanding menu and friendly staff.
4	The interior is Gaudy and reminds me being in some strip bar but it is so Las Vegas! The food was good, but not the best. The portions were huge and the service great! The prices were a little but by the looks of the place being full......I guess people are willing to pay.
1	Real american restaurant with dressed up waitresses. The lady that advised the wine was classy.The waitress  also gave good recommendation.But the food was terrible.Greasy, fries served cold, too much sauce on everything. Definitely a place that Europeans should avoid.
5	Grrrrrrrreat breakfast. It was our first time, ever, there and the service and food was fantastic.
3	We have been coming here since our college days of weekend trips to Vegas,  a good stop before your long road back to LA on the 15.  Came back last week for some breakfast before our flight back to San Diego...Great variety on the menu still, huge portions as usual and good fast food with good friendly service. Had the blueberry pancakes, too much to finish, hubby had eggs and turkey sausage....good job, how about smaller portions with appropriate costs next time....we had no room for doggy bags on this trip.
4	It's one of the few classics that doesn't fade away. I just had the pastrami sandwich the other day and it was excellent! I have not had a good pastrami sandwich since Old Ebbitt's Grill in Washington, DC. This sandwich was pretty darn close. On top of the one of a kind decor, Elvis was having lunch at the same time! This place is still top notch!
5	Went twice while I was in town last. No regrets because the portions were stupid and the food greasy. This place is the quintessential breakfast experience of Vegas and everyone who's been in this town more than 5 years knows it. I'm lucky as I happened to be hanging with people who knew this town in and out. Did a chicken fried steak in the morning. It was huge. Diet be damned. Amazing place to hit up after night of drinking. 10/10 get drunk, stumble here and regret the food later. But don't regret. Not Vegas extravagant, more just glutton extravagant.
4	If you're staying in Vegas, or live here and are out on the town, forget everything you think you know about late night/early morning drunk breakfast. IHOP - haha, forget about it. Denny's - gross. Peppermill Lounge - perfect. When you walk in the lighting and decorations will make you happy, it's like an 80's night club with trees. Every member of the staff was friendly and patient. The food was perfect for the moment, yummy stuff. I got the Joes San Fran Special, which was filling and delicious. The prices are just right and the timing of the whole meal was on point. This should be the after after party spot for all club goers! Trust me , read my other reviews, I'm legit. ;) . Done
1	5 of us.  Bill $101 (tip not included).  BELOW average diner food.  WAY, way below average.  Arrived Friday morning at 11am.  30 minute wait.  Super busy.  Neon everywhere.  Cool exterior, we were pumped and ready to eat!  service was efficient.  Most of us got breakfast, and only one got a sandwich.  All the breakfast food (hashbrowns, omelettes, chicken friend steak) was just blah blah blah.  Sure, larger portions, but NOTHING was amazing or above average.  I can't stress enough how BELOW average their food was.  Not worth the wait.  Not worth the energy.  Staff even got mad for two of our group smoking in the "fire lane" -- they were standing NOT in a car.  WEIRD.  where are you supposed to smoke during a 30 minute wait?  will never be back.  why is this place soooooo popular I'll never understand.
5	Wow, I remember a time not so long ago (well into the 1990's) when "Steak and eggs on-demand 24 x  7, $5.95" was synonymous with Las Vegas and partaking of such fare at the Flamingo, the Stardust, and the real Vegas casinos was an essential part of the Vegas experience.  Fast forward-ing to Steve Wynn's Vegas of 2014 can be dismally unsettling and attempting to get ANY real dinner past 10PM will end up being a disappointing if not downright depressing quest.  Pretty ironic given the shows let out between 10-11.  Enter Peppermill..  Best thing I ever did was ask my cab driver where to get a steak dinner after a show at the Westgate, he dropped us off at Peppermill and stepped into the Vegas I know and love.  The food, full steak dinner, fabulous ambience, and the place was packed with like-minded late-night eaters.  I remember Peppermill from Santa Clara of the mid 1990's - I hear it's gone - it was the same place as this, though randomly placed across Intel, HP, AMD buildings- an oasis/breath of fresh air amid a rapidly developed Silicon Valley locus, same vibe, same neon, all good....
5	The best hot wings and curly fries on this side of the Mississippi!!!! It was amazing grace!!!! I'm from TN and was visiting and I will be back next month!!!!!!
3	The service was good. The food was good and you get very large portions. I ordered the turkey burger which was the biggest one I've ever seen and the sweet potato fries that come with it were enough for 4 people. The price was decent for all that food.
5	Fun place!We have lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years and have heard people rave about the Peppermill Restaurant and Fireside lounge for all 20 years -- but had never gone -- until yesterday. We had a friend staying at the Wynn and we decided to go out for lunch, and were not in the mood to pay the prices for drinks and food at the Wynn restaurants. None of us were able to agree on what kind of food we wanted so decided to go to the Peppermill as we always heard they had a huge eclectic menu.  We arrived a 1:20 on a Friday afternoon and the place was packed.  We had called in and put our name on the waiting list (no reservation taken for afternoons I was told) but still had about a 20 minute wait. The potpourri of clientele ranges from families, with grandmotherly types  to young fashionably cool model types and everything in between.The decor is retro coffee shop on a bit of LSD... lots of neon and cool black light effects... quite an interesting breakfast spot!I can't believe it took so long for us go there. So easy to get into.. no 6 level park garages and trudging through the casinos to get to a Strip eaterie.  Parking is easy and the menu is huge, with a lot of old American style standards, and also a few healthier alternatives if you scour the menu well.  The prices are very good and all three of us loved what we ordered. Our server (Destiny) was cute as can be, and very sweet as well as very efficient.We had a nice bottle of wine and shared food and drink with each other and it was a treat. Christine had the Gourmet Shrimp Salad... with balsamic dressing...a really huge delicious salad, with fruit and avocado and some good sized shrimp. I had the pastrami burger with curly fries and our friend Maya had the Eggs Benedict.  We ordered a fudge brownie with ice cream for desert that that was huge and we didn't come close to finishing. Our total bill $104.On the way out we checked out the Fireside Lounge which is a pretty sexy flashback to the late 70's early 80's with its hot pink furnishings and low profile seating around the fire pit... probably quite the pickup spot in the early morning hours... if the fire pit wasn't there a stripper pole would be a natural. :-)
5	I love this place, it's my 4th time here and it's kinda become a tradition to eat lunch before heading back into LA. All the servers and cocktail servers are pleasant. While waiting for our table we went into the lounge and had cocktails by the fire pit. Best Bloody Mary in town, honestly!We loved our lunch today. Corned beef hash was amazing. I don't remember the lady's name who was our server, she had blonde hair, probably in her 50's? She was awesome.
4	This place is a Vegas cultural icon! Has been open since the 70s and I hope it doesn't change !!I have to say that the quality of the food certainly hasn't changed I have the French toast collage which consists of eggs sausage on four pieces of French toast and the serving for enough for two people it was delicious the French toast was golden and crispy on the outside the scrambled eggs were so fluffy and the sausage is the biggest I've ever seen! No matter what time of day I go the place is always packed!! You must come here instead of the basic casino cafe.
4	Would have been 5 stars, but it took too long to get a drink. They have separate servers for cocktails, and we had to ask 3 times before one came to our table.Food is EXCELLENT and servings are HUGE!!!Decor is perfectly gaudy....lots of neon and fake plants!This is a favorite of mine in Vegas!
5	This place has become my go to breakfast stop coming in, while in, and/or about to leave town. I was very impressed with Munch's breakfast. The linguica they use is one of the best I've tasted. My scrambled eggs done to perfection. The hostess and my server (#36, haha) are friendly. I need to keep going back until I cover the menu.
4	A great place for all appetites.  With a full bar for the adult eaters.
5	Wow! Just like its twin in Reno, the Peppermill's Fireside Lounge in Las Vegas is Heaven on Earth!  WOW! What AMAZING, "old school" customer service!!!!!!! Two thumbs WAY up to James, Marilena, Alyce, Brigitte, Ruthie and Diana!!!!!!! You guys treated us like we were whales!  Please Mr. Peppermill: Give them all a big, fat raise! They more than deserve it!  Oh and by the way, we'll be back!!!!!!
5	I didn't know what to expect when my boyfriend drove up to Peppermill but he assured me it was amazing food (my first trip to Vegas but he goes once a year). He was completely right!  The look when you walk in is what one thinks of when thinking about Vegas with neon everywhere, but the food was the best while there & we hit some nice places. The entire menu is available morning or night. I highly recommend their eggs Benedict but everything looked good & my boyfriend said he has never had a bad meal there.  It's on the strip but not in a casino which is a plus too. Definitely worth checking out!
4	Great food at good prices. Excellent decor, it's definitely unique. Awesome coffee for you java lovers.
5	Cool looking spot inside.  Food is good. Price is right! The French Toast was delicious.
4	Drinks in lounge are great. Always a good choice . Best after hours grub. Can't beat the taste early in the morning after being out all night . It's a classic
2	The good and the bad of this place  (read to end to hear the good). The decor is typical over the top Vegas. Even though the exterior does not look like it. Quick service at first, but that is where that stopped. Once our food came,it was hard to find our waitress. We saw more of the photographer hacking snapshots on cheap postcards. (If I wanted a photo of myself here, I would take a selfie). What bothered me most is the pricing. Pancakes are $10.50 and with it made into a combo they charge $13.50 a $3.00 upcharge. If you have a waffle $8.95 and make it a combo. They charge $13.50. A $4.55 charge for the same combo as the pancakes. I brought this to their attention and I was told that its their pricing and couldn't do anything. They have other pricing discrepancy on the menu as well. The manger asked if my meal was OK. I told her the truth that it was less than. She didn't seem to care or offer to make it better. Pricing here is on the high side, but you get Vegas casino feel.. I could of ate next door at Denny's for half the price. What they do give you is much larger portion. 3 eggs instead to 2. And the sausage links were fat and juicy. I don't know if that justifies the cost. I did mention the lack of service to the manager when leaving. And once again no response, not even a "I'm sorry to hear that". She just rolled her eyes.  My vote next time. Save a couple of bucks and eat next door at Denny's.
4	Ate here for breakfast with my boyfriend. It was our last day in Vegas. I was at first iffy about the place but I'm glad my boyfriend convinced me to try this place. Food was very good & the quality of the food made it taste more better. We had a great server too. Very nosy and loud atmosphere but despite the noise, overall the food was delicious.
5	August 3, 2014Peppermill, I have heard of you and I have been told that you serve the best breakfast food. And now, finally, I was able to experience you first hand. And here I my verdict, Peppermill- I am in love with you. I'm in live with your Eggs Benedict and your rainbow sugar! Why oh why do you do this to me? Why do you have to be hundreds of miles away from me? Why, oh why is it only when I crave you, that I have to drive 4 hours away to see you- to taste you? Oh how my heart breaks, how my heart aches for you. ::end scene::
5	The Peppermill is one big ball of happy. Everything about it makes me giddy. It's neon and pink. There are fake cherry blossom trees and blue velvet chairs and booths. There is a photographer that comes around to the tables and you get a postcard of the photo at the end of your meal (you also have the option of purchasing a larger,  cardboard framed version).  There's rainbow sugar on the table. I have been to the Peppermill several times.  I started just going to the Fireside Lounge,  but on the last few trips,  I've eaten at the diner too.  The food is really good and very reasonably priced for the Las Vegas Strip.  Last time I was there, I had a spinach omelete,  which was giant and delicious.  The pancakes and hashbrowns were also tasty. The Peppermill is a must see when you are in Vegas. The Fireside Lounge next door is beyond kitschy and has all kinds of tropical drinks,  even some non-alcoholic ones. They serve honey roasted peanuts and play ridiculous music videos.  If there's a wait for a table at the diner,  take a seat at the bar and wait while sipping a Zombie or virgin Pina Colada.
3	This is a fun colorful restaurant. If u like breakfast food, they have a lot of choices.
5	L O V E THIS PLACE! My go to spot every time I am in Vegas.
4	Awesome,  cool 64 ounce drinks by a retro fireplace followed by chicken fried steak with a sunny side egg on it with a jumbo fruit plate under a fake tree. Don't ask, just do it.
1	Sooo this place has a wide variety of food and great cooks.  BUT some of the waitresses are not sanitary when handling the food.  I went in for breakfast and at least 3 waitresses touched the customer's bread without gloves and none of them washed their hands.
3	3 Stars because our hostess was rude and...read belowThis was our first time here. We walk in. No hostess at the stand. 2 of them talking amongst each other arguing... what were they arguing about? They were arguing about which one of them was going to seat us. We can here them. "Its your turn!" ... "No, its your turn!" ....  Im already getting a bad vibe. My wife ask them..."Should we just seat ourselves?" The hispanic looking one acts like she didnt see us.. "Oh im sorry, how many in your party?"Finally seated. Our waiter, waitress and another guy was really nice.. no problems with them or the food. So half way through our food a family shows up. Ok cool, cute kids. A few minutes pass by, kids know everyone there. They walk in the back as they please. I see another waitress holding a baby trying to put it to sleep. I know this is a place of business, a restaurant business not a day care. It looked very unprofessional. As im paying the bill (have to take the tab by the entrance) and there are slot machines. More kids and they're sitting in front of the slot machines. Some climbing on the chairs. I thought it was illegal to have kids sitting at any slot machine inside any place of business if they're underage (trust me the kids weren't older than 7 yrs old).Great portioned sized food. Fairly priced. Just not somewhere I think I'll eat again. I dont know,  just my observations.  They'll be closed the first week of Sept 2014.
4	Just heads up. This place looks like it will be closed for a good portion of September.
5	I love this place, no joke.  For years and years I have come to Vegas, and have been missing out.  It's so weird, it's awesome, it was one of the highlights of my trip, no lie. Peppermill feels like to stepped in a time capsule into a diner with odd waitresses wearing ball gowns.  The food is cheap and very very good.  They are open 24 hours, and have a super cool little lounge that was filmed on Gigolos (If you haven't seen it google, no judgement here :))  We ordered sandwiches all round, with sweet potato fries.  Everything we had was a super large portion and very tasty.  The lounge part is my favorite with a big sunken in room with a large fire pit right in the middle.  Drinks are reasonable, and service was fast.  Def. a cool little spot to get your grub on at 3a.m. or romantic spot for drinks.  Loved it!
4	Ahhh... The Peppermill and fireside lounge.  I think the Peppermill side is a bit like a Denny's restaurant but with better decor and slightly better food. I do however highly recommend checking out the fireside lounge. They have a pretty neat setup with a full bar and gaming and comfortable lounge style seating.  They also have a firepit with sofas surrounding it.  Very relaxing and nice to take a date or friends to share a "fishbowl" sized drink. 21 and over on the fireside section and only appetizers.  I always like to tell my friends "PM in the AM" as we seem to go to the Peppermill in the early mornings.
3	Cool atmosphere and many occasions I run into a celebrity here but I don't come for that. The food is large portions and decent but pricey and service sometimes lack. Upscale casual with a side bar to get more privacy.
2	I ordered the chorizo breakfast meal. Food is good but service sucks here. The waitress didn't ask if anyone needed refill of coffee or water and when we have to ask for it, it takes awhile for it to come. I'm giving it two stars because the food is good but the service is poor that I won't come back. I can't enjoy good food with bad/poor service. Price is reasonable and portions is huge. The waiting wasn't long. It took less than ten minutes to sit nine of us.
4	Neon lights.Sparkly trees.Slot machines in the waiting area.Stained-glass lamps.The Peppermill is a well-known diner open 24 hours.  They serve giant plates of grub as well as all-day breakfast, but people really come to Peppermill for the disco-diner decor. What a unique-looking place and I am glad I finally got to try it!  I also liked how even though it was quite busy the server didn't try to hurry is to leave - lol.  Note that they are closed the week of Labor Day for remodeling.  I can't wait to see what it'll look like as it looks pretty rad as is.  (I asked the cashier, and she said she had no idea what they have planned and she'll have to walk into work and find out the new look like everyone else...lol).
5	Love coming here. Old school Vegas feel. Great vegetarian selection. Food comes In large portions and the food is always amazing. My favorite dish is the crab cake Ben. They have a restaurant side and a lounge side. The lounge has fire Pitt and comfortable low lit seating. The perfect spot to come eat after a night of clubbing. If your hungry or u just wanna hang out and drink.  If your ever in vegas u have to try it.
4	Very good food and huge portions-good for sharing. When we r in Vegas we always make a point to stop here. Come here when u are very hungry : )) Purple Rain colors inside decor...fun fun
3	I still love this place, and will continue to bring visiting guests here, but this particular visit was less than stellar.  We came at 1:00...my first time for lunch, and they were packed.  We had to be put on a waiting list, but it only took about 5 minutes to seat us. However, after being seated, it took them at least 10 minutes to even come ask for our drinks...well, non-alcoholic...the cocktail waitress was right there. Gotta love Vegas. Anyway, I ordered the Conquest (no onions of course) at the waitresses' suggestion and it was just mediocre. The roast beef was bland and the sandwich needed more sauce. The bread was good though. Fries were ok, but a little greasy.  The ice tea was good. Next time I will just go with my own choice. LOL!
4	Fire side Bar was very cool, sorta awkward to lounge around the fire with random people, but It's not like I payed to be a VIP, LOL... THE DRINKS:     THE SCORPION: Let me just tell you, "ITS HUGE" it's literally a 2 gallon fish tank!! It's super yummy though she waitress said it had like 6 shots in it.           KEYLIME PIE MARTINI: Taste just like pie, normal size.FOOD:       PASTRAMI BURGER: Well done and very tasty I paired it with onion rings. Huge servings, so I took most of it home since I ordered and finished my drink before any of the food.        Chicken Parmesan: Okay let me just tell you, the noodles are neon orange but OMG!!! It's the best neon orange noodles I have ever tried in my life!!! It's got  little spicy kick to it and basically magic in your mouth, again the portions are huge so my husband took most of it back to our room.Overall a great experience and will be back for sure my next time in Vegas, the prices are very standard but keep in mind the portions are huge!!! Oh and there's a guy who comes around to take your picture for free (tip the guy)
4	The lounge OK ....Well one time years ago b4 YELP ..We had a couple regular drinks  martinis goood my girlfriend never got I'd check well she is from Europe taller than me ...but younger ... I returned in a couple weeks with my cousin she just came to USA  her I'd was no good to them she was 24 at the time how ironic Other time I try to use my discover cc WE DO NOT!!!! TAKE DISCOVER CC  YOU HAVE TO PAY CASH!!!I went to the door I took a picture of the cc sticker on the the door ...Then I ask for the mgr ......Rude way to say the we are no longer accenting discover cc well the cover a 40$ billAnd the remove  the door cc sticker ..I been there over the years only to the bar Sometimes the bartender have no so good of a day ..We all been there  over all is a good place ..It use to be more romantic but now the lights are so bright ... I guess some one got caught on something more than a " R " rated more like a xxx actividadesWell I live that place .....
5	this is probably my favorite diner type restaurant in the entire world. It is so much fun, the food is fantastic, and it is open 24 hours.  it is also retro in a really good way.  The Cobb salad and breakfast food are my favorite.
4	A Vegas Classic. This place is like a mullet, business up front, party in the back.  The front restaurant is pretty much a "Denny's" but the back has late night bar food, sunken booths with a fire pit and old school decor with neon lights and probably the original lights from 1980.  So fun!The food is exactly what you would expect, bar food.  Good quality but bar food nonetheless.
5	This is an excellent place for meals in vegas. Breakfast all the time but the place is upbeat and alive with great food that comes out fast and is good to eat. The portions are enormous so come hungry. Bagels don't expect New York but the rest is top of the line. Love the sour dough myself. Ambience is adult but fun.
5	The place to go in Vegas when you're tired of "Vegas".  Two words: Fireside Lounge. All that and Reno, too!
2	Review is only based on service and take out. We came here on a Friday night/Saturday morning at 5:00 AM! the place was full!! We came here because our limo driver convinced us it was popular and good. This place is a diner. The inside is very colorful as in purple, green, turquoise, yellow. From what I remember jungle themed.  Inside its a bit sketchy. Nothing like the other restaurants on the strip. Crowd was a bit more "hood" or "ghetto". Please don't hate me for these comments. We ordered a grilled chicken burger and a basket of fruit to go. The 2 others we were with stayed to dine in. They got breakfast. Lets just say they finished eating before we got our take out order. Once our order finally came she forgot our fruit basket and the check. We almost ended up leaving at the same time as the 2 that actually stayed and dined in. Service was terrible!!!!!  I think I have to come back, dine in and try their breakfast.
5	Always one of my favorite places to go ANYTIME in Las Vegas
4	The pep!!  I like this place. Great for a drunken 5am food run...Traditional dishes like omelettes and pancakes...I warn you however, the dishes are huge.  You can definitely share the plates.  It's not the best food on earth but it's good large portioned meals reasonably priced...I mean it's cheaper than eating at the hotel, and because you can share the dishes... it becomes more valuable.The only draw back is it's far north from all the action and it looks like you stepped into an episode of "All in the family" and you're expectin vic tayback to make your omellete...
4	The Peppermill feels like a truly Las Vegas experience! Anyplace else in the world and this place would be quite out of place but in LV, it's freaking perfect! Neon all over the place and kitschy as hell! (In a good way) I know all the reviews talk about this but I can't stress this enough: the portions are huge!! If you're like me and like to have leftovers, by all means get a plate just for yourself and unless you're Joey Chestnut or Adam Richman, you can expect more than enough for another full meal at home. If you're a tourist though and won't be taking a doggie bag, please do yourself a favor and share a plate with your partner so there won't be so much food wasted. The only reason I gave 4/5 is because the waitress, although friendly, just wasn't super attentive. That being said, I'd definitely come back and would most likely bring a date because this restaurant/lounge is just too kitschy/glitzy/vegasy (is that a word?) not to love.
4	Awesome decor, good prices, OK food, spotty service.My girlfriend and I had dinner at the Fire Side Lounge.  Walking in, we saw a sign saying "No hats allowed," and they mean it (another couple had to leave when the woman refused to take off her ball cap).  We sat on the comfortable couch by the fire. (Very nice!) and had our drink and food order taken quickly.  The food was OK but on the greasy side.  When it came to getting another round, the waitress was nowhere to be seen.  We flagged another one who indicated she would be right with us (she never came back), but it was near 15 minutes until someone was able to take our order.Overall, a good place to relax, enjoy a drink, and to have a small bite.  The service issue won't dissuade me from coming back.
5	P-mill is that 24 hour diner that's no joke It's like the ones you see on diners drive ins & dives(If you don't know what that show is you should not be on yelp)But with a Vegas twist.Ok so first thing is this place is located on the north side Of the strip so you will see the typical homeless men,working girlsAnd worst of all tourist but don't fret it's worth the danger.The inside is a Vegas style diner where every table I saw was a boothThe waitresses are dressed old school cheerleader style and they're very nice It just feels clean and fresh for a diner I didn't expect thatNow to the food ; the portions are out of control huge But most of all it's fresh food not Denny's IHOP BSI highly recommend the French toast ambrosia, hash brownsLemon blueberry muffins, Chicken fried steak or any dessertThe food is great diner food triple d worthyThis place is very underrated in my book with so many Ridiculously Horrible Fake ass 4 star restaurant on yelp like Bistro pizza who's 4.5 stars but Settlebellos is 4 what a joke  If Bistro is 4.5 so is chuckie cheese or Ventano Italian where they serve Chef Boyardee orHanks in Gvr which is lame station casino Buffett foodDesigned  as fine diningstation casino "Where we Hate locals" Ok let me stop and count to 10 before I call out all you wack ass Wannabe restaurants on yelp The mill that is pepper is a ideal place to take your fat uncle Or any other fat relatives you have Take your drunk buddies or a late night date But don't take anyone with a small appetitenot the right spot for quitters
3	I had heard a lot about this place so I was excited to check it out. The fire side lounge was amazing inside! Perfectly cheesy decor with a vintage feel. The atmosphere would have been perfect except for TV screens everywhere!! The mirrors on the walls reflected the screens so you literally could not escape them! We tried to find one booth without a screen in front of our faces but no luck, so we ended up moving to the restaurant. I understand that some people like to go out and watch the game but people also like to go out to socialize face to face without the distraction of moving pictures everywhere. If they just turned off half the TVs and played some cool tropical vintage music (or any kind of music really) instead of blasting the TV announcer, they could create a really awesome atmosphere.
2	My family liked this place.  I did not.I thought t was dirty and the service very poor.My wife loved her omelette.  My kids their breakfasts.  I am not a breakfast guy, but evenso, the place was dirty and the service terrible.I would not eat here again.
5	I am NEVER disappointed with the food and service here! Today it was the Lorraine Omelette...so good!
4	A crazy retro dinner with great ambiance. The portions are huge and very good. The 24 hour breakfast menu is highly recommended.
2	I'm not sure why this place has such high reviews.  I guess people are more enamored by the experience than the actual food.  The decor is pretty cool; it's definitely much more interesting than the average 24 hour diner.  There's a photographer who goes around and takes pictures. But seriously, I'm not coming here for the decor at 3am; I'm coming because I need some food after a night out.  The food is extremely mediocre; I'd even say that it's below average in quality.  The portions are large however, but who cares how much you get when you can't eat something because it just doesn't taste good?I understand that this place isn't gourmet, but I definitely expect food that's at least on par with the average diner.  I'd rather go to Mickey D's to eat than this place.
4	Great sandwiches. And a ton of food.  Wasn't thrilled with their potato salad. Get fries instead.  Restaurant is kind of a kickback from old Vegas. Wait staff was friendly too.
4	What a fun place!! Cool decor and great food! Would be 5 stars but -1 for the service at the front area.  Had an hour wait on a Saturday but took longer because the receptionist forgot to call out our name.... Not sure why.We hung out in the bar area for drinks and enjoyed the inside fire place.When we finally got to the food, we ordered an omelette and steak/eggs.  Everything was really well seasoned and huge portions for the price.  5 stars for all of the food.  Must go! Highly recommended!
3	We decided to come here for breakfast on my actual birthday. My girl recommended this place and raved about how cool it was and couldn't believe I had never been there before. It reminded me of some 70's porn like that Mark Walberg flick I can't think of right now. Anyway, as the hostess seated us I made sure to check our booth seats to make sure there weren't any stains on it (if you know what I mean). We decided to order and I went with a plain 2 eggs, hash brown and sausage meal with a strawberry mojito. My girl ordered french toast and eggs with a mimosa. There wasn't  really anything too special about the food. It was as basic as they come, but the drinks were pretty good! (Boogie Nights is the movie btw)I did have the opportunity to check out the nice section (separate room) of the restaurant with the fire pit and TV's surrounding it and that part of the restaurant is really cool. I kind of wish we sat on that side and enjoyed my bday breakfast but honestly, I just wanted to eat and head out to downtown to gamble.Overall, it was a cool experience to check out but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again. Especially when you have so many other cool spots to eat at in Vegas.OOO3 out of 5 Afros
4	The place was very retro, for sure. We went out on a Wednesday night at about 9pm. My husband and I both had great meals. I had the pancakes and eggs and sausage. The portions were huge, but I ended up having breakfast for the next day. He had a sandwich (I can't remember which one) and he enjoyed it very much. Other than a couple of surround tables' drama, we had a pretty nice dinner. We will definitely go back.
5	5 stars for consistently providing: great food, fast, friendly service, & uniquely beautiful atmosphere/ambiance. without a doubt, this peppermill is one of my favorite corners of not only vegas, but the world. in my opinion, peppermill/fireside is a must-see in vegas for locals & tourists alike. it's pretty, it's soooo, sooooo pretty!!!
3	The food was great can't complain but the service sucked  so bad disappointed in how the hostess weren't on top of seating people having to wait good 10 minutes to get seated then they sat us at table where it wasn't clean . I had ask them to wipe down the chairs at least so I can sit because it was full of food crumbs left from the other pervious people & the hostess looked at me  and said I don't see anything I literally had to point it out so they can clean it . And the waiter was not on top on the refills and checking in on us if we need anything . We had waited 15 minutes after we were done eating waiting for the waiter to bring our check and never did we got up and had to ask for our tab to pay.  By the way it was not busy at all . food great! service sucked!
5	Great food, good service, will always keep coming back. A true vegas staple. Always open, always good.
5	This place is Vegas tacky yet kitsch cool and the food, drinks and service was very good.Came here for what was meant to be late breakfast but ended up being early lunch.We ordered the crab cakes to get started and I have to say they were so damn good I could have just ordered more for my main meal.However I ordered what was the best Ruben sandwich I have ever had in my life. Was full of flavour and so big I could barely  eat half of it.My boyfriend and his friend both got the pastrami sandwich which were both as big and my girlfriend had a burger.The margarita  bomb we had to wash it down was super good and super strong... No complaints there!Waitresses were very friendly and happy to assist.Will be back for more next time I'm in Vegas!
4	We decided to try this place because there were bums passed out in front of the neighboring Denny's...This place is a trip, and a true Vegas gem!  The menu is literally a book (think Cheesecake Factory) with about anything you could think of up for grabs 24 hours a day!  You could see anything from a few girls passed out in their eggs, to folks doing business here at 3am- so the entertainment alone is priceless!  Our service was terrific, and the place has a fun funky feel with neon and floral everywhere!My dining partners had the NY Strip and Eggs, while I had the Crab Cake Eggs Benedict- a little pricy at 24.00 but hey, it's Vegas!
5	Love this place. Extremely well priced and has a great menu that makes you feel very homey. I'm a kid at heart so it has great chicken fingers and nice French toast. Love their cocktails as well they have a scorpion bowl that you might need a little help to polish off. Great place for anyone looking for something simple but good.
5	Out of all the years I've been coming to the Peppermill it's been the same ever since I love this place but tonight tonight for some reason there are about 15 to 20 beautiful knock dead gorgeous women here they don't know me from Adam or all they want to do is go out and partay I'm down for that taxi all later O
5	AWESOME food, people, and environment! They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner 24 hours a day! The portions are HUGE and the food is amazing!
2	Went here to order some late night breakfast. Can't f____g believe they charge extra to sub out cottage cheese for hash browns. I've traveled all over the country, and this is the first place I have had that does this.When you travel a lot, it's the little things that matter. I travel a lot, and while I can afford it, it's the spirit of the charge that befuddles me.
5	Was hesitant when I first walked in with the flamboyant decor and the questionable reviews.... however I was so surprised how wonderful the food was. I visited the establishment around 1130am on a Saturday. Service was good, food came out in a reasonable fashion - portions were huge!Definitely a must try in Vegas!
4	Part diner and part lounge, it's 24 hours of fun and games with a mixed crowd sure to give you characters for stories.  It's doesn't look like it's been remodeled since the 70's, or at least, it's been made to look like it so that part of it's charm.Food prices run a bit high but it's HUGE portions, 3-4 star in quality, and has a wide menu.I like it for various reasons; food is only partial.  Good for late night.
4	Our family and friends from out of town visited the Peppermill for dinner.    The staff was very accommodating with our two young children.  We generally need to order food for the boys as soon as possible in order to have things not melt down and the staff addressed it in less than two minutes.  The menu is classic family restaurant fare.  Solid, cooked fresh, and good.  Nothing we had was outstanding but just solid good food.  The ambiance is classic 70s ultramod.     Definitely will visit again.
4	Went around 10am on a Friday and the place was packed, wait was 30-45 minutes.  We went to the lounge and sat by the fire pit,  waitress came almost immediately for our drink order.  Me and my husband both order fruity drinks which were large and very good.  The lounge is nice to sit and take in the views of the all the neon lights and watch old rock videos that they play on the tvs.  When we went to get a second round we could not find a waitress.  When we got our table, service went quick.  I got Joes San Francisco special which is enough for 2 people and very good.  Husband got French toast ambrosia which was good and also a large portion.  Coffee was also good.
4	So many choices! No matter what you're in the mood for, pepper mill has it. Their menu is huge and has everything from breakfast to turkey dinners. Their drink options are extensive as well. The atmosphere is very different from most diners. It's very dark with neon and velvety purple colors. Very cool If you go, try the Belgian waffle it's really good. Also, their giant fruit platter is amazing. Like ENORMOUS and it comes with a loaf of AMAZING banana bread. You also get like 8 scoops of sherbet. A must try if you ask me.
5	One of the best diners in Vegas. Never had a bad drink or meal here. Plus the atmosphere is really inviting.
1	I've been to the Peppermill a few times, both the lounge and the diner sides. This last time was just bad. Initially we wanted to sit in the Lounge by the fire pit, but after 15 minutes of sitting at a dirty table and getting no service we had to get up and ask someone for menus. When we received the menus we decided to go to the diner side as there couldn't have been more than 10 choices that you are able to order in the lounge side. Okay, fine. We get to the diner side, the guy who seats us is a complete...I had to ask him to seat us! We table hopped to finally find one that wasn't a) by a bunch of loud obnoxious drunk kids or b) underneath a full blast AC going in October. After finding a table getting a waiter was our next struggle. A man walked by and asked if we had ordered, we said no and he just walked off. We were pretty confused as I thought no was a pretty universal word. When we finally got him to come back we waited quite a while for the less than mediocre food we were served (again, I ordered a burger). I get that this is a cool place to go if you're absolutely trashed and hungry in Vegas late at night, but NEVER EVER go here sober. Trust me, the food and the irritation isn't worth it. Ugh.
5	You better go there with an extremely huge appetite,  food is awesome, very attentive staff, I will hit it again when in Vegas
4	Seriously epic!  I love the atmosphere here.  It's neon, but quiet and the other lights are low, so even in the heat of the day, you feel calmer just being inside the Peppermill.  I also love the colored sugar.  Call me crazy, but it's fun.  The food is great here. I can count the number of BLT's I've liked in my life on one hand and the BLTA (avocado) at the Peppermil is one of them.  I get mine on rye, because rye is the best.  Fruit cups.  How many of us sigh at the fruit cup option?  They always suck, right?  Not here! The Peppermill fruit comes in a good sized bowl and includes strawberries, banana blueberries, grapes, and melon.  Yum!  Love the cottage cheese, love the chicken strips, love the Reuben.  If you don't like any of these things, don't worry, the menu has a lot of options.  I'll bet you find something you like too.
4	I ordered the munches breakfast meal and it contained Portuguese sausage, green/red peppers, onions, has browns, and topped with a layer of egg. Side of wheat toast.It was so DELICIOUS! The hostess and the waitress was very generous and setting is very clean. Despite how busy it was on a Sunday, we was seated very quickly.The next time I come here I'm trying the country fried steak!:):):):)
4	The cab driver suggested we try this novelty restaurant while visiting. My husband had the club sandwich, I had the Mushroom Swiss Burger. We both had fries as our choice side item. The fries were a little soft, like double dipped almost. The main entrees were good. Although the mushrooms tasted like a can. Over all it was ok. The club sandwich was better than my burger! The portions sizes are huge!
5	Not a fan of diners but I can't get enough of this place. I always bring my friends there when they come to visit and everyone has a great experience. My favorite drink in Las Vegas is there (Champagne Cocktail, not on the menu anymore but you can still order it) and friends comment that it's some of the best crafted drinks they've ever had. Food is yummy and it's fun to kick back in the lounge and listen to cheesy music. I find excuses to go there! A must for a tourist and local.
4	Since, this place was the nearest and had the best ratings on yelp from the location where I was staying on the strip this is where I ended up eating my SATURDAY Breakfast. The wait time was 30-45 minutes for a group of five people. I believe we waited longer though. The bar inside the restaurant had no wait. But, you could only order appetizers as food entrees. The inside of the restaurant looks like a rave or a strip club.  The neon lighting is pretty epic. The staff was very friendly being that this place was super packed with people waiting inside and outdoors for a table. The Menu was a little overwhelming -- it had a big selection to choice from. So, what ever your probably craving after a long night of partying.. they probably have it on their menu. Everyone in my group had breakfast entrees... We all seemed to like there crispy hash browns. Oh... Did I mention the colorful sugar on the table? Yes, there sugar for coffee looks like confetti. Super cool and colorful, just like their dining area.
1	I do not know how this place has such good reviews on yelp except for the fact that I think a lot of people come here drunk at 5:00AM for a huge greasy breakfast, and when you are drunk, leaving the club, things taste a lot different.I have been here twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch. Both times where exactly the same experience. The service was good, servers are attentive, food comes out quickly.Thats where it goes all bad.......The food is terrible. Greasy diner food that is equivalent to IHOP or Dennys.I will say that the portions are huge. They give you a lot of food..... a lot of really really bad food!!!!!
5	Yum Yum Yum! Love the taste of the food. For the price, the serving portion is very giving! Their bagels are also delicious! Come early for breakfast and odd hours during the day, the wait can take long. They do their best to turn tables over though.
4	I think I found this place sometime in the early 90's and I used to come here every time I was in town, which was several times a year before I moved here.  It's just a comfortable place to go in a Vegas-style atmosphere.  The portions are huge, the food is consistently good and served quickly.  It's not fine dining, it's a diner and for a diner, the food is just what I expect, so I've always been happy here. Some of the servers are better than others, but for the most part everybody is friendly.It's a favorite of mine for breakfast.  I used to schedule morning meetings here all the time before conventions or lunchtime when my office was nearby...although I could never manage to eat my full plate without feeling like a glutton.  Now I often bring out of town visitors here if they haven't tried it and the reaction is almost universally positive.It's really a fun and memorable place to go whether you are a tourist or a local and I recommend trying it out.
5	I don't give 5stars easily. This place was SO good!! My husband and I shared the fruit fantasia waffle & munch's breakfast. So delicious!! The waffle was covered in fresh fruit and came with a delicious sauce that wasn't too sweet. Munch's was equally as good. Totally recommend this place & worth the wait!!
1	Food looks good but service is HORRIBLE!!! Do not come here if you have a big group! They will tell you a certain to expect to wait, which is normal to wait a little longer. And then when you check back after u have waited for the time they told you to wait, they will add on another 20 minutes??? Ok. So you wait and in the meanwhile you see about 5 more parties of three and four go in front of you. HORRIBLE!! And all they can say is "its going to be a longer wait cause you have a big party". Yeah no sh*t! But you've been waiting for the longest time while you are seeing others get seated. In my opinion not worth the wait. Avoid this place and go to Denny's which is right next to it. (Only if you have a big group) cause obviously you get seated quicker if you have about 3 people with you. =\
4	Anything and almost everything you'd want in a coffee shop. Great prices, selection, huge servings and 24 hour. Very "Vegas" style, great bar too and great desserts. You can't go wrong here.....
4	Pretty serious portions!!!The omlettes are huge, and come with a muffin too!!Service is generally fast and sweet. There is often a wait in the morning to early afternoon . . . It moves fast but can some times be in excess of 30 mins. So come hungry. . . .And patient if possible. But overall, good quality food and very reasonable prices. Close to Riviera and Circus casinos.
5	Biggest baddest breakfast on the Strip. Don't come here if your not hungry. Great old school Vegas vibe.
5	Lots of people in line but we were seated within a good time the food was great the service was excellent
1	This place sucks so bad when it comes to service for breakfast.  Had a waitress tell me she just started her shift and couldn't deal with me. Then has her manager wait on me to which they could not manage to cook the bacon.  Mean while watching the lazy waitress talk to everyone waiting tables including the manager. That was waiting on me not going back there. I got better service at Denney s.
5	Wowzers!  The portion sizes are enough for a small army. We split a meal prior to the Rock n Roll Marathon and glad we chose that. Saw a man order the French Toast Ambrosia and I think France declared toast bankruptcy.  Great food.
4	Very impressive, there's a reason this place has been a Vegas icon since the 70s. The place has the look of a combination of a bar from a 1980s sci fi movie and a local diner, and there are flamingo laden lamps above each table. The service is very friendly/laid back but one weird thing is if you order a drink they have to send a separate cocktail waitress from the attached lounge to take your drink order. As for the food itself, the nachos were HUGE and very tasty. They used real cheese rather than the fake, canned stuff and it came with lots of onion, black olive, tomato, etc. If you order ground beef, etc. it comes on the side. The Corona-rita is a giant margarita with a Corona bottle attached and it the perfect accompaniment to a huge plate of nachos.They have a gigantic menu and I'll be back here to check this place out again.
4	We stopped in here for dinner and cocktails on a Saturday night after friends we were traveling with got several referrals to check this place out. It's down the strip near the Riviera Casino. We walked into the lounge area as there was a wait for the diner side and decided we just had to hang out on the lounge side! The seating area is low back velour couches with little marble pedestal tables. There are neon lights and plastic flowers and mirrors! Oh the mirrors! Cue the 70's music!!!  The servers wear 70's style long black nightgowns and are very friendly. Ok food and drinks- we tried a few of the specialty drinks (green tea martini, oatmeal cookie martini with ice cream of course, espresso martini, White Russian). They make a solid drink here. We ordered a few appetizers- be warned they are enormous. Our little pedestal table was overwhelmed. The food on the lounge side was basic bar appetizer fate- but it's the atmosphere that wins here. There is a fire water table thing in the center of the lounge as well- very cool. Overall a very funky fun place to hang out. I will be adding it to my list of stops next trip.  Don't forget to break out your leisure suit!
4	Hehe! One of the best late night eats on my every 'business trip' to Vegas!! ;) awesome cocktails n great food!
4	The food is good here, portions are LARGE, prices are commensurate with the portion size. Diner atmosphere. Good service, full bar and always open.
3	Cool place with a good dose of history - popped in after an early show and it was mostly empty. The service was a tad confusing although friendly (why do we give our orders to three separate people?) and our waitress was very accomodating with our weird requests. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area and it is not super busy.
5	Food is typical diner food. However, the staff is excellent. Not to sound superficial or anything but it seems like they have unbelievably pretty waitresses working there, and lots of them. It makes for a nice atmosphere. The ambiance in diner dining is the best here.
4	Here's the deal, if you partying in Vegas and need to take it a notch down for a bit.  Get to the pepper mill and kick back and chill.  This place is cool and the drinks and atmosphere really gets you into just relaxing and listen to some old school.
5	This place is delicious!! My friend and I shared the Mediterranean omelette and an order of the small French toast and they were both to die for. We took the left over French toast home and it was even good served cold. The service is exceptional as well. They also have a cute little bar with a fire place which is perfect for a date night.
5	2 visits in a week, it's that tasty! My 86 year old father loves this place- huge portions, fairly priced.
4	I love this place. If you are visiting Vegas or a local this is a must. The environment is trendy and fun. Portions are huge so be prepare to share or take some left overs home. They also have this really cool fire-pit bar area where you can chill have drinks and appetizers while sitting in front of a water fire place. Another favorite thing about this place is their colorful sugar! So cute.
4	This is one of those places that are busy just because it's 24hrs, the food is very bland my sister and I had two different dishes and neither had any flavor I probably won't go back
4	Went here with my date late night after the Stevie Wonder concert. Unfortunately we were unable to experience the Fireside Lounge but The Peppermill Restaurant was Great! They had very good food I'm a breakfast type guy so I ordered 3 pancakes, eggs, bacon and sausage; it was a menu item but I forgot what it was called. My date ordered the 3 cheeseburger sliders and onion rings. Like I said the food was very good and they have large portions so make sure when you come you have a pretty empty stomach, we didn't even finish our food but they made for great leftovers.
4	What a gem on the strip!  After a failed trip to Tacos El Gordo for a quick bite before we left town Monday morning, we decided to hop over here.The decor is...funktastic, like a 1970's disco party.  You were definitely transported back in time, like the menu says, to how Vegas used to be.  Even on a Monday morning, business was good.  Thankfully, there was no wait for us because we were both famished and in a hurry to get on the road.Puzzle:  A sexy cocktail server takes your alcoholic beverage order while a more normal one (still cute, just showing less cleavage) takes your food and juice orders.  Everything ends up on the same bill anyway.  Just thought that was kind of odd. Food:  Pretty yummy.  Breakfast portions were generous except hubby's NY Steak and eggs was normal sized.  I got corned beef hash and eggs and realized I didn't get any hash browns with it.  However, I noodled it over and reasoned that the corned beef already had potatoes in it.  Just so used to other places giving you a side of hash browns, this sort of made sense.  My dish was pretty greasy...rather than a patty of corned beef hash, it was bowl of mushy stuff, sitting in a lot of butter.  I did enjoy my breakfast but it got pretty salty and I tried to avoid the parts sitting butter.  Hubby said his steak was ok and eggs were well cooked.Cool stuff:  Sugar dispenser contained multi-colored crystals which resembled those tube-like beads you used to make jewelry.  I could resist taking a teaspoonful and eating it like a kid.  Downside:  The dispenser had some crusty old gunk on it so it was a little gross to handle.Service was very friendly and on-par.  Definitely a place to consider if you're nearby and want some good breakfast grub.
4	They are feeding dinosaurs here. The portions are larger than humongous. Seriously. And it's still tasty. I had an omelet and pancake for breakfast and was not hungry again until dinner time. My omelet had fresh ingredients and my husband enjoyed his omelet as well. Super service for us.  For the price and the amount it cannot be beat. Real diner food. Husband also had nachos and wings one night and raves about those as well.
1	I have been coming here for years. And this place has made me very upset. Apparently this place will cater to pimps, and hoes. And drunks waking in at 3am. But when you, a normal human being trip and fall one time this place won't want you back. Better not waste your time if your sober and fall. This is a terrible place to come. Don't spend your money. Find a better coffee shop to go to. This place has lost my business forever. And if they treat everyone like crap, I hope you all won't go back.
5	This place is U-MAZ-ING!   Be prepared to wait but it's ok! Go have a bloody Mary at the lounge area while you wait! BEST Bloody Mary ever and it's the perfect amount of spice. I enjoyed the eggs Benedict with hashbrowns. It's a pretty good size servicing and the coffee is really good. Always topped off don't have to ask. Service is really good and the place it fun and clean. Only thing is they should update the restrooms. They look dated and musty.
4	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. When you come to Vegas do it right,and come to the Peppermill for breakfast. Customer service is Great! Food was fresh and awesome.We had the fresh fruit platter and eggs/hash-browns(shared).This confirmed portions are large. Peppermill allows the 80's continue to live on.....WoW
4	This place is great! Stopped here for brunch, and although there was a 35 minute wait, the experience was worth it. Great food, great service and good prices :) I would recommend this place for anyone visiting sin city!! #nomnomnom
5	They have such a huge food selection and breakfast is served 24/7! The portions are gigantic.friendly staff and really cool ambiance with all the neon lights. We have come here for breakfasts, brunches, lunches, dinners and even late nights after going out. Consistently good food. My favorite place to come when we visit Vegas. Plan ahead though because sometimes the wait is very long.
5	I've been going to Vegas a couple times a year since I was a kid... I looked at this place as we passed by and never thought about going in... then one day I decided to give it a shot.... what was I waiting for! This place is great! It is officially one of my stops every trip now! Haven't been disappointed yet. Foods amazing and portions are plentiful! I want to go to Vegas right now just for an omelet!!! Plus I won on a slot machine in the lobby last trip that paid for the whole meal!
3	Here for breakfast this place is pretty cool and the coffee is hot and wait is not bad at all because this place is packed we got our table in about five minutes. And they have slot machines at the front door.
5	Enjoyable experience..  This is the place to go for a classic old Vegas feel.  The food was great and the portions were enormous... Open 24/7, so ya can't go wrong
5	Service was very good & the food was great, we had the nachos with beef - all of the ingredients were fresh made , the refried beans were awesome  . We both had the steak & cheese subs with fries , again very good. Unless you are very big eaters you could easily order one meal - split it  & be full our bill was less than $40 with enough left over to feed at-least or 2 or 3 more people. Not to mention the place is set up real cool - if you haven't been you need to & you will come back , I know we will.
4	Top notch with a hint of old Vegas love the vibe from the second you walk in.  Fellas need a late night stop and fill look no further, awesome bar
5	Back again for the 2nd night in a row. & no let downs again - staff was awesome food was huge & good . This time I had chicken fried steak meal. & she got breakfast , & we had the half order of nachos which is enough for 4 - not the cheapest grub on the strip  but  quality & portion make it well worth it . Try it & you will see why it is still standing after so many others have fallen away.
5	...who knew it was so easy to be transported to 1974....on many levels it is a WTF experience...another not to be missed Vegas experience...hang out at the romantic Fireside Lounge...nothing else really matters...
5	This should be a required stop for breakfast on any Vegas trip. Seriously! If you haven't been, you need to go.This place is always busy, so be prepared for the wait. The wait is well worth it though. The food has been great every single time we have been here. Large portions that are almost sharable. Service is always great and I love that they are all dressed up fancy. The pricing is average and you totally get your monies worth.They make an excellent bloody mary as well.Go get your breakfast on!
4	Awesum mushroom burger!!  We ate here 4 times in 12 days. Very comfortable inside!! Nachos are enormous!
4	This place is pretty cool! It is quite busy but I do think it's worth the 20-30 minute wait to get seated. I highly recommend sharing a plate, because the portions are just massive. 2-3 people could easily eat to complete fullness just from one of their omlettes. Staff is friendly but because they are so busy they are a bit neglectful, however that is understandable. Food is good!
5	A very cozy place with great vibe. The staff were friendly and the food was great. I usually complain about portions but here I had left-overs! It might sound normal but that's very unusual for me! Food was great. Entrees came with a side of soup or salad and the meals came with a plate of garlic bread which we really liked.
2	Long wait, pretty pricy.... large portions of food but not very good. Save some cash if u want breakfast and go to IHOP
2	This place is waaaaay over hyped! I found this place on yelp and decided to go on Christmas Day! We walked in and as expected, there was a long line to be seated. That was ok since it's Christmas and there are a lot of big parties waiting to sit. But we finally get seated and the booth was nice and roomy and the decorations looked like something out of pulp fiction when they go to the diner with the cars, very colorful with trees inside the dining room and even colorful sugar on the table. We had 4 (yes I'm not exaggerating) ask for our drink order from the bar! I get it that's a money maker. We order a bloody marry and it arrives 5 min later. It was ok. Nothing to write home about. Our waiter comes over and introduces himself (really laying it on thick for the tip no less) and again I get it! It Christmas and he's working so he might as well make money. But then he tells us to look over the menu and that hell be back in a few min! 20 min later after I've asked several of the bus boys to call over our waiter, he shows up and takes our order. I guess he could tell from my facial expression that I was pissed so he kept a smile on his face and took our orders fast. We order the appetizer sampler (fried shrimp, fried chicken fingers, onion rings, bruschetta, and cheese sticks), buffalo chicken wrap and nachos. The sampler was decent, the wrap too but the nachos were awful! I huge plate full of chips, a little bit of semi melted cheese, raw onions and a lot of black olives emptied from a can right on too!!!! It was just awful (baja fresh and la salsa have way better nachos). It came with a side (small in comparison to how much chips was in the plate ) of sour cream and old (brown guacamole) for almost $16!!!!! So we ate a little bit of this and that Just kind of picking on the plates and finally decided it was time to go! We asked for a few boxes and the check! The waiter comes back and is completely confused as to the drink we ordered. He kept asking us if we ordered a sunrise something and I kept telling him NO! That all we ordered was the bloody marry and it was still on the table. He tried to help us pack the nachos and just broke the chips by pushing it down to try to make it fit. On our check we were charged for the sunrise something and I wanted to flag the guy down and tell him but my husband was so over it that we just paid and left!All in all, go here only if you're hungover, have the munchies or don't care AT ALL what you put into your body! I can't for the life of me figure out all these good reviews. I'm usually very easy going but that was one of the most awful experiences in a restaurant /diner that I've had with both food and service. You're only paying for the decorations/ ambiance! Don't waste your time and money here. There was way better local places to try! The 2 stars are for the ambiance and cute colored sugar on the table! That's it!!! Good luck!
2	I know everyone raves about this place and maybe it was just our server but I did not have a good experience here. We waited about 7 minutes for our server to show up. No greeting and no smile. We ordered drinks and she brought then in a couple minutes - that was fine - but my wife wasn't ready to order. "Just give me another minute," says my wife. Well the sever took about 6 minutes to get back with us. Meanwhile the server for the neighboring tables had been back and forth four times.  Anyway we ordered and it was busy so we were patient. But meanwhile while waiting for our food another couple were seated near us being served by the other waitress. They got drinks, ordered and got their food 10 minutes before we did.
5	Very busy but they do take reservations. Food came out in a decent amount of time and was very yummy. I'm a big breakfast fan so I had breakfast for dinner.  The rest of the table had burgers and it was good reviews all around. The one cocktail my brother ordered was $14 which is very overpriced but not a reason to skip out on this place.
4	This place has been awhile for a long time and both the restaurant and lounge are hot spots, but for different reasons. Both are old school, classic Vegas with the restaurant featuring classic American favorites like burgers, breakfasts, sandwiches, steaks, etc. I've been here many times and most everything I've had is good. The prices are high ($20 for a Chicken Fried Steak) but portions are huge so I guess it's warranted. I'm a healthy eater but I'd easily take half a portion for half the price sometimes. This place is super popular so if you're trying to go at a peak time, either try to find a place at the counter or prepare for a pretty long wait.The lounge is also old school with the fire pit being the main attraction. It's dark, leathery, and open 24/7. Definitely a place you want to take a date if you want an a romantic after hours dinner. Like the restaurant, prices are higher than they should be but you just can't beat the ambiance.
5	First let me say this restaruant is all over the place. When you walk in and take a look at the decor you are immediately taken back to the 70s. There's a separate bar area from the restaurant inside known as fireside which is right by the restroom area.  Inside you will find a fire pit within a jacuzzi, along with neon lights,  trees, and velvet chairs and couches.Inside the main restaurant the theme continues from the waitresses outfits to the specialty drinks that are on the back of the menu. My mom was taken back by the drinks since she hasn't seen them being poured (made) in a while. Kudos for that!!As for the food everything we had was really good. We enjoyed the French Toast combo and Munchs breakfast. The portions were large and filling and the price couldn't be beat.While at the restaurant we ran into a couple who stated they were told about this place by their limo driver. The couple had only heard of IHOP, and the driver told them that, "IHOP was like kissing your mother and this place was like kissing your lover." I thought that was a funny analogy.
5	Big portions 10 egg omelets great prices long wait times arrive early. Would come back again!! Lots of options good kids menu.
5	Went here one day for breakfast & their signature cocktail (scorpion ). Everything was tasty from the drink to the pancakes to the eggs (which they poached for us - some places refuse to do this...?!?) to the sausage. I HIGHLY recommend going here.  It's a must go to spot for me whenever I go to Vegas!
4	This is an interesting place. Most of it is a large, eclectically decorated diner and there is also a decent sized lounge in the back. There is a large parking lot out front and even more space out back. This place gets crazy busy so plan ahead. There is a ton of seating, and they turn tables fairly quickly but there is often still a wait. If you come during any peak meal hours be prepared to wait.The dining area is a series of large booths. There are neon lights all over and a mirrored tile ceiling, much like a disco ball. There are also a ton of plants scattered through out the diner.I ordered the Joe's San Francisco Special without spinach. It is a combination of scrambled eggs, pork sausage, ground beef and onion served on a bed of crispy hash browns with a cheese sauce. As with all of their meals you get a large portion. You will not leave hungry. The flavors all combined nicely as did the textures. I was quite happy with my choice.Overall the service was good, the food was good, the portions are larger and it is affordable. The only issue is the crowds. It is quite popular, but also worth it.
3	I enjoyed traditional  american food.  It was very tasty. I order a burger. I was on a burger vengeance around 11/2014/ The lounge was colorful. We stat around the fireplace which was a little small area.  Other than that it's a little hide away bar.
4	Awesome concept, no individual servings. The food is delicious. A must place to go to when in Las Vegas, NV!!
4	This place rocks ! Came on NYE and it was packed but got seated right away . Ate breakfast at 1pm and it was delicious . Our waiter was awesome and they come around and take a pic of you and your family for free for a souvenir.  I highly recommend this place !
4	Lovely diner to have breakfast! Totally feels like you're back in the 70's in the rural US. The food was delicious and not too pricy.Careful, when we went at around noon on the Monday before New Years, and it was absolutely packed. Thankfully the booths are first come, first serve. So if you're only a couple, you will not have to wait over 1 hour to get seated into the booths.Will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas!
2	hostess received us like we were begging for food the server was just distracted as the hostess the food was  good  it was a bit over price i expected something better but not my experience with the service was really bad but the place is pretty nice
5	Wow! Great breakfast at one of the last free standing restaurants on the Strip! Historic "Peppermill" where they film Casino with DeNiro, Hangover and others! Our waitress Jennifer was so nice and helpful the our family from Brazil. The food was awesome and the eggs Benedict 10+. If you're in Vegas a must breakfast stop!!! Bravo!
3	Large portions, breakfast and the rest, 24hrs. Nice service moderately expensive. A New Jersey Diner transplanted on LV Blvd, but this one's in better condition.
4	VEGAS HEAVEN. The most giant nachos I've ever seen in my life. I wish I had known about this place much, much sooner. They also serve CoronaRitas because THEY CLASSY.Servers are super nice to all the drunks (like me) and they have the patience of saints. I can't wait to stumble back in there in a state of total inebriation and starvation. Love the Peppermill!
