5	Is there a better restaurant-mogul than Wolfgang Puck? Forget the Batalis, the Minas, the Emerils, and the other also-rans. No contemporary american chef has had the impact that Puck has.Brasserie Puck is another home-run for him. It's in the middle of the City Center mall, Crystals. A pleasant atmosphere, excellent service, and great casual french-bistro food combine to make BP worth the very long walk from the parking lot.I had the Bistro Burger that comes with fourme d'ambert, my favorite cheese. It's a mouth-widening creation made with house-ground prime filet, and I never thought I'd say this but it's a serious threat to Bradley Ogden's rein as the best high-end burger in town. The wine list is full of well-chosen, fairly-priced selections. And the management/service aspect is terrific. (My waiter had actually tasted every wine-by-the-glass on the list and therefore could make thoughtful recommendations.)On top of that, there is a 25% discount for locals until the end of April, which makes Brasserie Puck an even more appealing destination.I'm planning to go back soon because I've heard their Tuna-Burger is to die for.
5	I'm new to Yelp and usually don't write reviews, but after having dinner at Brasserie Puck I felt compelled to change my ways.We started out at the bar for a glass of wine and a little conversation. We weren't famliar with the wine list, and the bartender was more than helpful. After making our choices, we enjoyed just sitting at the bar and taking in the scene. The bartenders were very good at being right in front of us whenever we needed something, and out of earshot when we didn't. Uncanny!My husband and I had dinner on a weeknight and it wasn't very busy, so we had our choice of tables. I'm sure this will change once word gets out! Being in the middle of CityCenter makes for a strange lighting situation inside the restaurant. We sat in a booth near the back in an attempt to avoid the flourescent lights. I'm sure it is fine during lunch, but it doesn't set the stage for a romantic experience. Fortunately, the food is SO good that once you bite into something, the lighting just doesn't matter anymore!We shared an appetizer of calamari with garlic aioli, and I can easily say it's the best we've found so far in las vegas (we're locals). Calamari was perfectly crisp with a wonderful tasting batter that didn't over or underwhelm the calamari. The aioli was absolutely amazing - garlicky, with a little bit of spicy kick. My husband had the ravioli with field mushrooms and parmesan. I can't comment much on that - but his plate was shiny clean when he was done. :)I had the pizza with french goat cheese, and I'm still thinking about it! We lived in Europe for 3 years and fell in love with their style of woodfired pizzas. Its just something that isn't duplicated often here in the states. When I took the first bite of the goat cheese pizza, I was amazed at how so many memories of our time there came rushing back. It's funny how a simple taste and/or smell can have such a profound effect! The crust was thin and crisp, the sauce had an intriguing blend of spices, and the goat cheese was tart and creamy. Our waiter (I'm sorry but I forgot his name), was very knowledgeable about every item on the menu (we asked A LOT of questions), and was spot-on with his wine pairings for our meal. We plan on visiting again very soon - especially with the 25% discount for locals through April (this is food AND wine, by the way!).
4	We only had drinks and appetizers here and it was a very pleasant experience.  The Crystals / City Center is very aesthetically pleasing and this is a lovely space, centrally located in the middle of it.  Our bartender was very helpful in discussing the featured drinks.  We ordered a steak tartare and our friends ordered the calamari as appetizers.  The steak tartare was good, a classical service with not only the raw quail egg but also mustard, capers and chopped hard-boiled egg on the side.  It was good, not the best tartare I've had, but certainly good.  We tried a bit of the calamari and it was good as well.  The drinks were good also.  The burger was being photographed here at the time when we were here, and it looked pretty amazing.  I'd like to come back here to try it.  If it's half as good as it looks, I'd say I'll have to up my review at that time.  This experience was a 4 out 5 but I'm sure it could get better, depending on our order.  A very mellow and tranquil atmosphere.  Also, the projection TV's that show on just a thin suspended screen over the bar? Wow factor.  Great job on the decor.
4	First night here at Vegas and to celebrate anniversaries and engagment so friends and I wanted to go to a "classy" fancy restaurant. Searched and searched around for a good restaurant and finally decided to just go to this place since it is a branch of the Wolfgang Puck chain of restaurants. This place is located in the Crystals shopping area and it was fairly quiet because it was proabably a Wednesday night. Got seated and the menu isn't big, but had a good variety. Waitress was very helpful and so were the people refilling our water. My friend wanted the water with no ice so they always accomodated every time she needed a refill. I ordered Ravioli with wild mushroom, husband ordered Salmon with rosemary, friends ordered some pasta dish. The dishes were not big, but it was good although mine was a little bit on the salty side. Overall, good service, good location and good food except for the salty part.
4	upscale mall restaurant with very professional staff and service.  Had the hickory burger with a side of fries fried w/ sea salt and rosemary, awesome hearty combo.  Thanks Kara for the great experience.
4	A bunch of my friends were all gambling it up at Aria and decided to walk over to the City Center and spotted this place. Looked like a nice spot to grab lunch/dinner. We came for lunch. We had a large party of about 11, so it took them a few minutes to set something up for us. Our waitress seemed nice at first, but she kept mixing up orders. 5 people ordered a salad, but only 4 came out and she said she thought that person wanted his salad as an entree. This happened multiple times for various things up and down the table. I am not sure if anyone came across rude to her, but I detected a hint of sarcasm in her tone later on. We ordered some oysters - they were pretty fresh and standard also the calamari was very tasty.I ordered the Frisee salad with poached egg, lardon and bacon. This salad has to be one of the best salads I have ever had. This salad alone pretty much gives me a favorable view of this restaurant. This next dish, I had some mixed reviews on. It was mussels with fries and the typical slice of bread. But the bread had this disgusting sauce smothered all over it. I can eat anything, but I had to tell the waitress that this sauce was a little overwhelming. Next time I ever order this, I would ask for no sauce on the bread. I would definitely recommend this place but maybe for smaller groups. Also the price was a little steep for a lunch but hey it's Vegas.
5	We stumbled upon this place by accident. I was alittle skeptical about this place (we've tried Puck's before and found it generally over-rated). We were pleasantly surprised! Although it was fairly empty, the ambiance, service, and menu compelled us to try this place. I had the Tuna burger. I have to say that it was the best Tuna burger that I've ever had. The flavor and rare cooking with perfect. It was served with "promme frite" fries cooked crispy and perfectly seasoned. I can only imagine with the beef burger tastes like. This place is a must if you're in the City Center located just outside Aria (skip Todd English's pub)!
4	First about the service...My wolfpack went to Brasserie PUCK for dinner the Saturday we were in Vegas. We unfortunately were running late for our reservation & arrived 45 minutes after we were supposed to at 9:45 to a nearly empty restaurant. We assumed we wouldn't have any trouble with our table, so when we were told by the hostess that she'd have to check with a manager to see if we could be sat, we were rather shocked. After we were told that we could finally sit, a couple behind us were told that they were closed. Really? 10 p.m. on a Saturday night in Vegas where everything is open 24/7?  Hm, but maybe there's a lesson in all of this and my dear, dear wolfpack that I love so so very much won't run so late anymore?  But I digress.  I guess we shouldn't be surprised since the hotel was pretty empty too.  I have never seen a hotel/casino so empty on the Vegas strip on a Saturday night.Once we got passed that frustration, we were greeted by some awesome servers. Like, nearly all of the ones working that night.  Super fun & friendly, but it also seemed like they had nothing better to do? Now about the food...Us wolves weren't so hungry due to the large feast we had for lunch, so we all only ordered entrees.  We all ordered:1) Italian meat pizza (according to my friends, not very good)2) Rigatoni carbonara (I think it was rigatoni... delish, according to friends)3) Ahi with asparagus & potatoes (I ordered this - very good ahi... though I like mine better :P  The asparagus and potatoes were cooked and seasoned nicely.)4) Salmon, again with asparagus & potatoes (according to my friend, delicious)Except for the lone wolf that ordered the pizza, I think we would all agree that we would order our food again.  The mixed drinks 2 of the members of my wolfpack ordered were awesome.  I ordered a pinot grigio with my other wolf - it complemented our meals very nicely. Oh - and the bread was good, too.We would all definitely eat here again, if it's still there when we go next.  Hopefully City Center starts to pick up in business, because it was a gorgeous hotel/casino & it has some fantastic restaurants!
3	I never thought in my wildest dream that a salad would leave such an impression on me.  The pecorino salad with lemon-herb dressing was the dish that I had to have it all to myself. It was selfishly good.  The key to bringing the crispy duck and the fresh spring mix together was the delightful citrus dressing.  It was the perfect amuse bouche!  Unfortunately the dream ended when I ate the grilled rare tuna burger.  The texture of the tuna was so rare that it felt like slimy paste...not to mention it was over-seasoned.  This place was very posh and it fits well in the high-end City Center.  I came on dead Wednesday night, so the service was quick.  Brasserie Pucks name comes with a cost, so do bring many shiny pennies. Overall, the delicious salad is not enough incentive for me to go back, But hey!  At least I know super tasty salads exists in this world.
5	my family (18 of us) all got together for my cousins 30th...we wanted to go somewhere nice but nothing too much as there was nearly 20 of us.This wolfgang restaurant is exactly what we wanted +more.  Our server was fun, professional, and attentive.  My dad and i shared a ceaser salad, calamari, and a mushroom pizza...others around the table opted for chicken picatta, other kinds of pizzas, fish, calzones, eggplant....everyone loved their food and everyone loved their cocktails.....would go here again in a heart beat.
4	Went here for a moderately priced and easily accessible food joint with my friend who works in the Crystals Mall. The last pizza place I went to owned by a celebrity chef sucked balls (SERIOUS PIE SEATTLE), so I was a little apprehensive when sitting down and looking over the menu.HOWEVERWe ended up ordering the Prosciutto, Smoked Chorizo, and Italian Meat pizzas. Each were unique - herby - meaty - awesome. By far, the Prosciutto was the best, but I would order any of these pizzas again. As for pricing, it was fair and we all ended up spending around $12ish. Ambiance was also really nice. Actually, upon reconsideration, all new Vegas restaurants have to look good or else it wouldn't be Vegas.Overall, I highly recommend this place if you're in the Crystals mall and looking for good food.
5	Was formerly Brasserie PUCK. LOVE the new concept and menu. The pizzas are traditional great Wolfgang fare...try the mussels...to die for!
5	What an amazing experience! The food was outstanding; exceptional flavors. The bartender and our waiter were extremely friendly. The bread we were served was delicious. I love the prociutto pizza and the chocolate glazed hazelnut mousse. Scrumptious! Strongly recommended. Don't miss out on this place!
2	I was looking forward to have dinner at Wolfgang Puck; unfortunately the experience disappointed. Appetisers were probably the best part but they also were inconsistent. For main course I chose Pork Milanese and it was as tough as as sole of my shoes. Service was non existent although there were plenty of servers around doing something. Twice they took all my dirty silverware but forgot to replace them. After they brought me new courses I had to ask them to bring me one and then waited for a while till my meal was getting cold.Maybe I was just unlucky that evening but I will avoid this place now
4	Great Food!!! Location, Location, Location.....inside the NEW City Center, it's HOT, overlooking everything from up top. Real sexy.I had Chicken Parmesan....wifey had the Eggplant Parmesan. Some of the best Parmesan's that we've ever had. Everyone one else at the table had different pizzas and no one was disappointed. The pizzas are HUGE, but no one was taking any extra food to go....we all had to do some gambling, watch the Viva Elvis Cirque Ole at Aria, and a club to DJ at later that night.We loved the food, the ambiance, and the overall experience. Check it out for yourself!
5	Yummy the linguine clam. We have lunch there today, good view and ambience. The dessert tiramisu is also great. The location is also good, and this should be one of the best choice in this area.
5	My friends and I were staying at the Aria (which by the way is the greatest hotel in Vegas), and decided to have a late lunch at this cute restaurant inside the Aria mall. The 3 of us decided to order bruschetta as appetizers and split two pizzas which were more than enough food for us. The bruschetta was delicious! The crostini perfectly toasted and the tomato and basil toppings were fresh and flavorful. The pizzas were delicious as well. We ordered the prosciutto and arugula pizza and the mushroom and carmelized onion. The prosciutto pizza was the best one. Thinly sliced, arugula, cheese, great combo. Considering its a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, we wouldnt have expected less of this place.
4	We came here for dinner the evening of my birthday, because of it's close proximity to Aria, and gorgeous location inside Crystals. We started with drinks. My BFF got the agave julep which was fresh and tasty, but very sweet. I got the Drunken Pumpkin which was delicious, very flavorful, and not overly sweet. My BF and his BFF ordered a pitcher of beer. After about 10 minutes of the girls having their drinks and the guys waiting, a half pitcher came out because they ran out. They ordered another type of beer, and waited another fifteen minutes for that to come out. For appetizers, my fatty BFF got the soup appetizer, which was good, but not $12 good. My BF and I shared the insalada mista ($9) with cherry tomatoes and shaved Parmesan, which was good but not extraordinary. They split it for us though, which was nice. The complimentary breads, especially the sourdough, were remarkable. I am a huge sourdough fan, and they sure did it right! It was fluffy and flavorful, and I would have been happy just eating that all night. :) Our group loves food, so we all at least try, if not share, each others' meal. Our orders, orderers, and ratings: - Eggplant Parmesan (BFF) (*****) - Mushroom Pizza (BF's BFF) (****) - Italian Meat Pizza (BF) (***) - Swordfish Entree (Bday girl) (**) My favorites dishes were the eggplant Parmesan and the mushroom pizza. The eggplant was lightly battered and fried, almost tempura-like, and not covered in sauce, but accented with sauce. There was such delicious flavor from the vegetable! The mushroom pizza was really flavorful, and the mushrooms went really well with the combo of sauces and cheese. The other dishes, the Italian meat pizza and swordfish, were less impressive. Salami sounded good on pizza... turns out it's kind of a weird combination. They were also stingy with the sweet peppers which seemed to be the main source of flavor. I may just stick to pepperonis on my pizza next time. I would advise against the swordfish entree because it was somewhat fishy and a very small portion for $34. The restaurant shared a complimentary dessert for my birthday, and I chose the tiramisu. It was light and tasty, and had little malt balls mixed in, which was unusual for tiramisu. I, of course, shared it with my best friends and they enjoyed it as well. Service was good. Not our main waiter, but the back-up waiter (or whatever that title would be) was very helpful, efficient, and attentive. The regular waiter was not bad, but not wonderful. I would come back here because the ambiance is very unique, the decor is beautiful, and the food was good. It was pricey, but we had a nice dinner together making it worth every penny!
5	Along with Firefly, this is another of my favorite places for the business traveler looking for a comfortable place to dine alone.I've gone in a few times for salads, appetizers, pizza, and cocktails from the $7 happy hour menu.  Everything I've tried so far has been great. The ice cream assortment was great - fresh mango, pear, and other yummy  flavors - but the vanilla is absolutely to die for.The servers and bartenders are knowledgeable and really friendly.  Nice ambiance, even the bathroom is beautiful.   I'll be going back.update 1/5/11 - Went back for a business meal.  Was fabulous.  I had the swordfish, my colleague had gnocchi.  Will W. is an outstanding server, very professional, and I got more of that vanilla gelato.  Yummy!
4	Went here with my boyfriend and my boyfriend's brother and his girlfriend for a late dinner.  First the appetizers:Calamari and Mushroom Pizza.  I didn't try the calamari but everyone else said it was good.  The pizza had so many mushrooms on it that they were falling off!  Yum!I got gnocchi as my entree which was very good.  My boyfriend and his brother both ordered the Lamb Sirloin.  They asked the waitress for mint jelly and were upset that they didn't have any.  They even went so far as to ask the chef to make them a mint sauce....giving the waitress directions for doing so.  I was so embarrassed!  But she was a trooper and took it all in stride,  And when it all came down to it, they both enjoyed their meals.  The other girl in our party ordered the Chicken Piccata and seemed to enjoy it.  I would go back for sure, just without the company of my boyfriend's brother...he's a bit hard to take!  But like I said, the waitress was excellent with all his demands and made the dining experience that much better.
3	Thanks for the Yelp app and OpenTable.com available on my phone, I ended up here with the family for Christmas Eve dinner. I liked how I made a reservation online while standing outside the restaurant; yay points!Anyway, I read fellow Yelpers' reviews sounded and it sounded promising although I usually avoid Wolfgang Puck's restaurants (haven't had a good track record.) For starters, the service was sub-par; yes I understand it's Christmas Eve but common, 40 minutes for thin crust pizza. The people around us came in later and were on dessert when we got our food. (Side note: the salad and calamari appetizer; YUM; came very promptly.) Then it took forever to get the check, then even longer for the receipt. Plus the manager went around to ask other tables how their meals were and to wish them happy holidays but not us. Sorry I digress, back to food. The pizza was not very tasty. The prosciutto was so bland and the lamb chorizo was...okay. Sadly I will not be back.
5	The linguine side for $7 blew me out of the water.  The simplicity and excellent taste were beyond any other food we had in vegas.  This place redefines fresh pizzas.  We had a spectacular lamb chorizo pizza
4	Has the braised veal osso buco. Awesome. Prices fairly priced. Recommend.
5	Currently one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.   Be it the flavoury chicken piccata, thin crust mushroom pizza or eggplant, this place knows how to cook a good meal!  My chicken was perfectly cooked, no too dry and I felt satisfied after the meal without the usually yucky bloated feeling I usually get after a big meal.   The prices are reasonable and I love a bargain. I really dig the setting (Aria balcony), we had an attentive and respectful waiter.  Overall, this place is great, hope it stays this way
4	This is the only place inside Crystals at City Center that I can afford to indulge in. We took a break from window shopping (the only thing you can really do at the stores here), and had a really nice lunch at Wolfgang Puck's Pizzeria. The ultra modern restaurant is open and airy, located in the middle of the mall. While no one in our group of four ladies was particularly starving, we just got three things to share. I guess the motivation behind that was the skin tight size XS dress that was waiting to be worn a few hours later. So, we ordered the fried calamari appetizer, one basil pesto grilled chicken panini and the calzone pizza which we had them make as an open faced flat pizza. They were kind enough to cut the panini into fours, and surprisingly, we still had leftover pizza! Loved the delicious panini, and the thin crust pizza was very tasty. The calamari was nicely fried and not oily at all.Service was top notch here. I'm really starting to notice the high level of hospitality in Vegas, which is pretty refreshing. Will definitely be back to do do some casual dining when I'm staying at Vdara. The bar area is also super swank with TVs projected onto a piece of glass. Nice job, Wolfie.
4	After shopping around at the Aria Hotel, our stomachs were rumbling and we were in dire need of food. Since Wolfgang Puck had a reputable and popular name, we felt safe coming here to eat. We arrived just as they opened and HH was all day long! Ordering some beers, caprese salad, bruschetta, and pizza, we were stuffed and still had money in our wallet. The decor is nice located right in the middle of the mall with beautiful wood chairs and tables. It was a nice find for a famished family, leaving satisfied and not ripped off.
4	I am not sure if this is fancy restaurant etiquette, you judge it.  Our group had a reservation, and were seated as planed. After talking for a bit we noticed that nearly 15 minutes rolled by without anyone pouring water or coming to us. To the waiters defense, I think he may have been waiting for drinks for the other party, but still I was ticked from walking the whole strip to get here and being very thirsty!When the waiter did show up everything went smoothly. The prices are more then I expected for a "$$" place but the quality justified it well. I had a tuscan potato with garlic and basil priced around $6. It was delicious and the portion decent as well. My other friend got a cheese pizza and he said it was amazing, he said he liked how the moz and parm cheeses blended to create a UNIQUE flavor experience. My other friend is sleeping so I can't ask him. We had it yesterday you see and it was a long night that I am glad that I chose Wolfgang puck to start it off. Sodas are $3.50 (with refills) to give a good measure on prices.  Knocked off a star because of that waiter who was late with my water. Dang him. That chap was a humorous fellow.
5	outstanding customer service.. however we did go too vegas for five hours only... lol anyways the pizza was great.. very big portions!!! just make sure you heat up the pizza before you eat it the next day .. haha.. the manager there was great.. he knows how too be a good host.. however he did steer us too a club that was closed....
1	We came here for lunch and ordered the turkey panini; we both ordered the same thing.  When the server placed it in front of us, we both literally laughed out loud.  WTF?  My three-year-old could have done a better job making a sandwich. Very skimpy. No flavor. Fifteen bucks for that?!  Give me a break.  We sent it back and neither the chef or manager seemed to care. Sad to see such a rip off happening in one of your restaurants WP.
3	I wasn't impressed.  I'm not saying that the food was not good.  It just didn't stand out.  I'm from New York and am accustomed to good pizza.  I tried the margherita pizza and it wasn't anything outstanding that I couldn't get from a New York pizzeria.  The insalata mista was pretty good.  The iced tea was interesting (kinda fruity).  Our server was the best part of the lunch experience.  Other than that, nothing special.
5	Happy hour all day everyday at the bar...now that's what I'm talking about! Thanks to Misti Y's fantastic review we bellied up to the bar and were very happy! $5 pints/$14 pitchers of assorted beers including Negroni and Hoegaarden!!! There is also a nice selection of not-so-small plates...we had the Insalata Mista ($5) which they so very nicely split into two plates for us without our even asking. We also had the artichoke hearts which were lovely. Our bartender was amazing. The bar was packed but she never missed a beat, she even kept our pitcher of beer in the fridge so it didn't get warm. Great experience and I will definitely be back.
4	Prosciutto Pizza? Almost as good as it sounds. The cut is kinda thick and the prosciutto covers the whole pizza. The Mascarpone Cheese base was my favorite part of the pizza.The sausage pizza my dad got was amazing. And my wife's ricotta gnocchi (yes gnocchi made with ricotta instead of potatoes!) was incredible.
4	a bit crunched on time, we ordered takeout to eat in our room from this restaurant.  everything was pretty smooth.  we ordered.  for larger orders. they take ccs.  we picked it up and it was delicious!  i thought everything we had was good!  we had salad.  the caesar was yummy.  proscuitto pizza was aweseom!  lasgna awesome!  as expected, takeout wasnt piping hot but oh well
4	Vegas restaurants are usually a hit or miss; most of the time mid-priced restaurants are more a miss since they are often overpriced and their food is mediocre at best. However, this place was a pleasant surprise. The prices were higher because they were on the Strip but the food was delicious and the service was so attentive and friendly. Plus, apparently they have a happy hour at their bar that I failed to miss but their dining room service was great for me. Mussels appetizer: This was DELICIOUS! The mussels are good but the sauce is what made this go from "pretty good" to "omg delicious" Plus, it was a generous amount that was good for the two of us there. Lam Chorizo Pizza: Pretty good, loaded the top with lots of stuff and really flavorful Mushroom Ravioli with Goat Cheese: YUM!! I love that it came with dozens of regular size pieces--I hate when I go to a restaurant and they give you 3 giant pieces of ravioli which you have to cut up at eat. This was really good and left me really full. Caramelized Brussel Sprouts: True story--I've never had brussel sprouts before because Asian families don't serve it at home but the waitress kept raving about how these were better than what most people hate. First impression--it's not bad but it's not great. I'm sure it tasted better than the regular kind but ehhh I'll pass on this next time. Good choice if you're not feeling like getting dressed up and emptying out your wallet for the fancier places but want to eat at a nice place. Plus you can use restaurant.com coupon here. Win
4	Had lunch here, actually was trying to find somewhere a little different but ended up here - WHY?  Because I've NEVER had a bad meal at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  The food was fantastic, we started with a Prosecco and wanted to keep it light (so we could hit the happy hours later....).  We shared the muscles with Chorizo.  They were perfectly cooked and the chorizo was excellent in the sauce.  Not over powering, just flavorful.  If you like muscles, a MUST TRY.  We then shared a Prosciutto Pizza with Mascarpone Cheese, Arugula & Aged Balsamic.  WOW - Light, flavorful and everything was great together.  I wish I could buy the balsamic they used, not overpowering at all.  The Mascarpone cheese on the pizza was also a nice surprise.  The ingredients were fresh and the food was simple, that's the sign of good Italian food!  I'll definitely try to recreate this at home.  I've eaten at the Airport Wolfgang Puck Express restaurants, Spago and many in between - he's done a great job at keeping the food consistently great at every level.
4	Nice place for a casual early dinner, if you don't want to get dressed up or want a pretentious atmosphere.  Staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. Food was great for the price. I had the Gnoochi and I am very picky about my Gnoochi. This was top notch in texture and flavor. The procuitto was great, a little difficult to eat but the flavor profile with the mozzerella was excellent. KP had the ravioli which was good, not spectacular but good nontheless. Recommended for a nice early dinner if you don't have reservations or don't want to spend 200 plus. Our check came out to just over 90 bucks including wine and desert. Tipped heavilly as the staff was great.
4	Located inside city center, we had a party of 8 and no reservations but we were seated right away. Our server steven was great and very knowledgable! My sister and I shared the prosciutto pizza and the clam linguini both were delicious!! I highly recommend them and a watermelon martini. The place itself has a nice ambiance.
5	Great food in Crystals for a good price.  Great service.  We had lunch there and split a salad and pizza.  The passion-fruit drink was great and husband loved his strong beer.
3	Good for lunch. The linguine with manila clams were good. However, the grilled chicken panini was just ok. Nothing great.
5	Great spot for lunch! Our female server was accommodating and the paninis were yummy. We also had the tomato soup which was a great accompaniment to the paninis. Their ginger iced tea is a fun twist on a tasteful tea. We prefer their lunch to their dinner but still decent dinner menu:)Pros: Lunch, Service, FoodCons: not a great spot for dinner
4	We had a wonderful meal here.The service is professional but not stuffy.The prices were very reasonable considering the location and quality of food.The bread came out piping hot, and was some of the softest fluffiest bread we've had. Sooooo good. The beef carpaccio and tartare were superb and the salad of blanched spring vegetables was perfection simplified.The only disappointment was the sausage pizza which was soggy and not all that great. The crust was pretty flavorless and would have greatly benefited from a little more time in a wood fired brick oven.I'd definitely come back, but not for pizza.
5	BEST FOOD I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE! I had the Gnocchi with a sausage bolognese sauce. Small-ish portion on that, but the other portions were great. My lady had the prosciutto pizza and we shared a tomato bruschetta appetizer. The cocktails were strong, the wine was tasty, and the service (Steven) was great. Best $77 I've spent in a long time.
5	You must come here to experience the ambiance. It's strange to be nestled in the middle of a mall and be struck by the architecture. I loved my butter lettuce salad and caramelized onion pizza. The sweet iced tea my sister ordered (can't remember which flavor) was the best I've ever tasted!
3	In City Center, pleasant, open location.  Good place to get away from alas Vegas madhouse.  Food was fine but not memorable.
4	Beautiful restaurant inside the even more beautiful Crystals, without the high prices. First off, the service here was very impressive. For a party of over 20, service went smoothly from the the taking of our orders to the splitting of the checks and everything in between. In addition to the service, the food here was wonderful. The server brought out two types of bread- Ciabatta and a fluffier, more rustic bread that everyone seemed to prefer. We asked for more of the good stuff, but the server noted that they were all out since it was close to the end of the night. Bummer! No need to pout, however, as our food arrived just in time. I ordered the Steamed Mussels- 15 or so mussels from New Zealand steamed in a delicious white wine/tomato sauce with diced chorizo, garlic, and marjoram (herb), served with a grilled ciabatta slice lovingly brushed with olive oil. The mussels came out bubbling in a cast iron pan, remaining warm till the very last mollusk. The only hiccup of this dish was that two of the mussels weren't open. Other than that, I enjoyed this dish and thought it perfect as an entree. I also tried a bite of the Sea Bass dish, which was delicious. The skin of the bass was pan seared beautifully, resulting in a crispy skin that was good and contrasted nicely with the meat of the sea bass, which was so tender and melt in your mouth. Adding to the delicateness of the fish was the cream sauce that lay on top. I also tried the Italian Sausage Pizza- Rapini (Broccoli Rabe), Carmelized Garlic, Sausage, Mozzarella Cheese and Pecorino Romano atop a thin, soft pizza dough- which was flavorful and delicious. One of my favorite parts of the meal was how the checks were split. Each check had 5/6 people's orders, and each order's total (including tax and tip) was separate from the other totals. This made paying very easy and hassle-free. I didn't have to do any calculations, except counting the money for our table. Can't wait to try out their happy hour!
4	Very good food for a pleasantly not absurd price.  The setting was surprisingly pleasant for a mall.
5	the perfect place for a gourmet pizza and salad.
5	Happy Hour specials ALL DAY.  This is such an amazing find for Vegas--good prices in a clean, beautiful setting.They have a handful of pizzas on the HH menu.  They are personal sized for like 7$!  On one visit, Mr. DJ and I ordered 2 of these pizzas and calamari--this was more than enough to fill us up.  On another visit we ordered one pizza and these fried mushroom risotto balls (all on the HH menu).  The risotto balls were amazing....you must order these.  Add a couple glasses of wine and you're good to go.A HUGE plus for having the NBA playoffs on TV.  Overall great experience here...attentive/welcoming/friendly staff, pretty setting, awesome food for an amazing price, and playoffs on TV.
4	Very modern setting in the Crystals shopping mall in City Center.  Did not try the pizza but the eggplant parm was excellent.  The starter of Calamari was perfectly cooked and very tender, served with Ailoi instead of the usual red sauce, a nice change.
4	in vegas, unless you are paying $$$ for dinner, it is hard to find a place that has good service... food takes soooo long, i think they are going to china to pick up the fresh ingredients and then traveling back to cook it... service here was not as slow as other places, considering it's not too pricey..  unless you want to wait in line for those buffets, this is a place to go.. food tastes good, price is OK... you are not going to end up paying more than 50$ lets say... so i consider that OK for vegas, for the quality of food you are getting... environment, its inside the city center.. its nice and chill...i would go there again, the next time i head to vegas...p.s. maybe food was good cuz we were sooooo starving and hung over from the previous night.. what doesn't taste good then??
4	A group of us had been pretty much drinking and walking around the strip all day until we got hungry and stumbled into this place.  (i dont even really remember where it is).  I think we were attracted to all their tvs showing the NBA playoffs.Its a pretty fancy spot with a nice, intimate environment and elegant decor [I think].  I ordered the veal ravioli and a side of carmelized brussel sprouts.  I devoured my delicious baby cow stuffed pasta within minutes and shared my brussels, which the whole table agreed were amazing.  They were the best brussel sprouts I have ever consumed in my entire life (sorry mom).  But I seemed to be the only person super impressed with my meal. Everyone else seemed to say their food was just OK.Aside from the food being good, the service was kinda wack for a nice restaurant.  The dude spilled hella our Sangria while he was pouring it, even on one of the girls legs, and on top of that, they took forever to bring just a side of ranch.If you go, order the brussel sprouts and pour your own drinks if you can.
3	I'm really torn on this place as I've been here multiple times and received mixed service.The first time I went was a few hours before my flight and ordered salad and pizza with a diet coke and everything seemed to be fine.The second time I went was for lunch one day with two of mis amigos. We ordered a handful of items, and followed lunch with an expensive bottle of wine and a cheese plate.The glasses were extremely dirty (all three, one had dried food pieces on it) and the server proceeded to pour what amounted to be $20 worth of wine into one of the glasses before we noticed the dried food piece mid-pour. We were in Vegas so we really didn't mind. The cheese-plate took about 30 minutes after they gave us the first bottle which was almost finished, and was more of an American-sized cheese-plate (huge pieces of cheese). I would still recommend checking it out.
2	Four Stars?!!!  You gotta be kidding me.  I'd ask if al the people giving this place amazing ratings are drunk, but its Vegas so clearly they are.The pizza here is boring as hell.  Toppings are typical of pretty much any pizza place in any major city, and the crust is totally soggy in the middle of the pizza, but scorched on the outside.  Totally unimpressed.At $18 for my pizza i could have gotten one just as good from Dominoes for 8 bucks.I also got the Ricotta fritters with red pepper jelly to start.  They were not very good.  The Jelly was not spicy at all, but instead incredibly sweet paired with the extremely sour lemon ricotta fritters, my palette was totally shot after eating just one of them.Why would a well known chef put his name on this crap?  Give me some interesting pizza not the same old fair I get everywhere else!
4	I would trade my first child for some good polenta and here my first child would have to be given up to Wolfgang Puck. We came here on our last trip to Las Vegas and were very pleased. Probably one of of the least expensive places to dine in Crystals (which still will set you back $25-$30 a plate) and it also has a nice view to people watch while you dine. We made reservations before going and were quickly seated. The server was friendly but forgettable. I didn't partake in any spirits but my iced tea was very good. Everything on the menu looked splendid but I ended up settling on the Veal Scallopini, Mushrooms, Artichokes, and Parmesan. Since this dish had very little carbohydrates and my fat stores needed further fuel I decided to order their creamy polenta with Parmesan reggiano. Yum Yum. The veal was very good but not the best I have ever had. Cooked perfectly though. I had to steal some bites from my fellow diners and the sea bass and lamb were some of the best I have ever tasted. No room for dessert. Probably one of the better meals I had in Las Vegas but not quite enough for that coveted 5 stars. If you can't afford anything in Crystals you can at least eat here and pretend you are rich.
3	this is a great place to visit while shopping (the ambience in city center can't be beat, in retreat from hordes of tacky tourists on the strip). the pizza is not exactly of must-taste caliber. ingredients here sound interesting but don't deliver anything too memorable. nevertheless, i can't stop dropping by-it's like she's my vegas trophy wife.sit at the bar and get a pitcher or two of the tasty(authentic) sangria-strong and sweet! service is always great. prices are surprisingly low whether or not you make it to the bar(nothing on the bar happy hour menu jumps out, so far).
4	good for groups, staff is pretty understanding and patient. they have a full bar and is reasonably priced. great place to hang out before you dance your face off at marquee
4	3.5 Stars, Overall quite nice, but a few elements were lacking.I went to two different places with WP in the name, and they couldn't be more different from each other. One was in the airport and was a huge disappointment. This place however, is located in a mall on the strip and was quite good for a place within a mall (very upscale).We ordered the mussels as a starter,  two pizzas, and few sangrias. The drinks were good and very refreshing. Were were served bread and butter to start. The bread was warm, soft, and crusty, all the qualities that good bread should have. The butter was served cold, I dont know if it was because we walked in two minutes before the kitchen closed or if that the way its normally served, but that was a negative. But the bread easily made up for this.The mussels were steamed in a chorizo and garlic broth, and were served with some garlic bread. (picture included). The chorizo pieces (of which there were plenty) were almost better than the mussels, and ofcourse this lent to and excellent broth which we sopped up with the bread.One of the pizzas had excellent quality toppings and both were well made. I personally prefer dough which is more chewy, but the way they cook it here is not too bad either. One pizza was a margherita, and the other had arugula and mushrooms. The margherita pizza, even though it was made on a technically good base,  was a huge disappointment.  It looked like a premade wood fired frozen pizza with a chiffonade of basil thrown on top. The cheese was also not very good, and it was definitely lacking in the tomato department.The arugula and mushroom pizza was actually quite good. We all enjoyed it. I dont know all of the factors which made it so much better, but the cheese was completely different, and the drizzle of olive oil didnt hurt either.The service was pretty much flawless, which is a pretty big deal given that they were just about to close when we walked in.I would definitely visit again.
4	Vegas ain't cheap. It can be really difficult to have a solid meal for under $50 a person. I looked at the menu for Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina and couldn't pass up the possibility of a good meal at very reasonable price. Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria is hidden within Crystals at City Center so we really wouldn't have found it if we didn't research restaurants in preparation for our trip. When planning our list of dining options, I discovered a fabulous secret: all day happy hour. Wolfgang Puck's Pizzeria offers all day happy hour at the bar which includes amazing deals on small plates and drinks. As there were only two of us, we walked right in and sat at the bar. We proceeded to order an insane amount of food including calamari, an insalata mista, gnocchi, and the lamb chorizo pizza. The calamari was crispy and delicious, one of the best I have had. It was served with a garlic aioli which made a fabulous dip. We received our salad shortly after finishing our calamari and were pleased but not wowed. It was a pretty basic salad with cherry tomatoes and parmesan but it was very well dressed. After finishing the salad we were happy to see a huge plate of gnocchi and a very large pizza, perfect for sharing. The gnocchi was one of the best I have had, served with a flavorful sausage bolognese, and the portion size was HUGE! The pizza was certainly upstaged by the gnocchi but still very good. The chorizo was tasty and I really loved the crust. We received our bill and were thrilled to see that it came to somewhere around $75-$80, a steal in Vegas! The food was excellent and I would definitely recommend it to someone wanting a delicious, casual meal in Vegas. Why four stars? Our waiter who was actually a bartender, was pretentious an inattentive. We did not receive any of the delicious bread people rave about and we barely saw him the entire time we were there! He was chatting and laughing with another party seated on the other side of the bar. That night I was very thankful for food runners because if there were none, we would've never eaten. This didn't seem to be an issue with every waiter/bartender, just ours so don't let this stop you from going.
4	Had a great dinner here on 6/11/11 with my wife.  Like others have said, it's a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the Crystals, which is not exactly the cheapest place to hang out.Plus, when I asked bartender to make me a Pimm's Cup, which he had never heard of, I just gave him the recipe and he only charged me $7 instead of marking it way up like others do for call drinks.
4	We'd had a big lunch that day & we're looking for something a little less fancy for dinner.  Wolfgang Puck's hit the spot!Started with the Burrata starter -- delicious burrata and tomato bruchetta (for lack of a better way to describe it).  Yum!Had a pizza and a pitcher of beer.  Go figure -- but it was perfect.  The pizza (it was the three or four meat one, I think?) was great.  Nice thin crispy crust, the meat toppings were crispy and cheese was bubbly and nicely browned.  High end ingredients makes a difference.Service was good and relatively quick on the refills, clearing the appetizer plates, etc.Definitely will go back when looking for a less structured meal in the Bellagio/Crystals area.
5	I was reeled in by all the good reviews of this place, so while I was in Vegas I dropped by for a bite.  While the service at the bar wasn't that great (we weren't drinking, so that may have had something to do with it), the food was excellent.  I went with the gnocchi, which I read rave reviews about, and it was delicious.  The bread, of course, was great, too.  The prices, for Wolfgang Puck's name at Crystals in Vegas, are actually quite reasonable.  This place has my vote.  I will definitely drop by again next time.
2	What a disappointment.The restaurant is located smack in the center of the premium shopping center, Crystal's. That being said, the prices are surprisingly reasonable, or so I thought before I ordered food. Service is great; friendly staff who deal with tourists every single day, and are still able to serve you with a smile.  Now on to the 'edibles'.  Ack, what a disappointment.I ordered a citrus tea to drink, which was supposed to be an iced tea flavoured with a mint syrup. I might as well have ordered an Arizona iced tea. It was overbearingly sweet and tasted like store bought bottled tea. Why would a chef put his name on this stuff?To eat I ordered the baby artichokes. These were quite fine. Tender, well seasoned, and refreshing as a antipasto. For my main I ordered a prosciutto pizza, thinking it would be the smart thing to order at a pizzeria. The prosciutto was of great quality, sliced very thinly and was very fresh. The rest of it was horrible. The dough was flat, dense and chewy. It clearly was pre-rolled and refrigerated. The cheese was quite off-putting, it was coagulated in all the wrong places  and full of little holes; bland and flavorless. It was quite a shocking pizza, as a fellow yelper commented, dominos would make better pizza. I don't understand what the massive kitchen is used for, but there is clearly no fresh dough being kneaded and no wood-oven in it either. Thankfully the bartender took the pizza off the bill when I questioned whether the pizza had been made that day. I would not recommend this to anyone, except maybe for a cocktail as it has a nice view and a kickass decor.For 20$ a pizza, it is not a good value at all, which is saying a lot as that is quite cheap for Vegas. I would not recommend this to anyone, except maybe for a cocktail as it has a nice view and a kickass decor.
3	In the Crystals shopping center in City Center... the restaurant opens into the mall.  The music was strangely loud but mr. boyfriend thought it appropriate while I thought jazz would do.  TVs by the bar (which we could see from our table); happy hour at the bar; and a pleasant wait staff.  The ravioli was delicious and served fresh from the kitchen.  It was served at the same time at the pizza which appeared to be sitting out too long (soggy crust!).  I wouldn't order the pizza next time, but try another dish.  The red sangria was good.  An easy quick (open late) dinner location in Vegas that isn't crawling/packed to the brim/noisy.
3	My friends and I were looking for a somewhat fancier meal in Vegas, without breaking the bank. Its hard to find in this city, but this restaurant seemed to fit the bill.We started with the calamari, which was probably the best calamari I have ever had. The pieces of squid were in nice large chunks, and the batter was a golden brown, perfectly deep fried. The garlic aioli accompanying the calamari was delicious but there wasn't enough.Three of us ordered pizzas while the fourth person ordered gnocchi. The gnocchi was soft and chewy, and was tossed in a thick red sauce. The pizzas were not as delicious as the calamari, which I had thought was going to be a prelude to an awesome meal. The dough was very thin throughout the pie; probably the thinnest pizza I have ever eaten. I had the yukon gold potato pizza, but the potatoes were sliced so thin that I couldn't even taste them. (Upon eating the leftovers the next day, the potatoes even seemed undercooked as they tasted a bit raw). The dough also had a very floury taste to it.The service was quick and friendly. Our water glasses were kept filled all throughout our meal.Overall, the pizzas were meh, but the rest of the food was good, and prices are reasonable. I would come back, I just wouldn't order a pizza.
2	My group and I were left completely unimpressed by this place. Speaking for myself, I was expecting more since this place has "Wolfgang Puck" as a prefix in it's name. The server was nice, although I forgot her name. The food took for-ev-errrrrrr to get out to us. The eggplant parmesan (my dish) was a-ok. My cousin had the mushroom pizza, which was OK, as well. I am a huge fan of arugula and when her pizza came out, the mushroom was baked within the pizza as it usually is, and the arugula was just sprinkled on top with what looked like olive oil sprinkled over it. She wasn't happy. I think she was expecting it to be baked with the whole pizza, but whatever. I ate it all anyway. Another one of my friends ordered a pepperoni pizza sub pepperoni for chicken, because they don't pork. The server was kind enough to do that, however failed to tell her that there would be an extra charge for chicken. One would think since you're subbing the item, it would be an equal exchange if you weren't notified of a price difference. We didn't want to complain or argue, so we just paid the difference and left it at that.Everyone left the restaurant unhappy and with complaints. Bad sign. We probably won't come here again next time.
5	Had the Chicken dinner. It was amazing! And the wine was great. They have performances while you eat and a lot of shops. I swear I saw the actor from Tron there! looked just like him!
4	Worth a visit simply for the best fried calamari I've ever eaten and the Matilda draft. The 3 cheese panini with tomato soup was great as well.
4	To add up  unfortunately your restrooms are so dirty  bad ugly  again dirty dirty dirty.
3	This is a great go-to- for a casual affordable dinner in Vegas that still has a great ambience, good food, and good service.Our appetizers were delicious, and pizzas were "ok" (but I'm a pan pizza gal and these are Italian thin-crust type). Must trys:Asparagus Salad - DeliciousProsciutto - Not only is the prosciutto good but the burrata is SOOO GOOD!Service was solid, too!
4	Came here for lunch after walking around the CityCenter.Do we have to ask for bread nowadays? This was the case here and other restaurants I visited during my recent trip to Las Vegas. However, the staff was still very attentive. For appetizers we ordered the calamari "fritto." Tasted great and loved the garlic aioli and the spice of paprika. For my entree I had the mozzarella panini with tomato soup and side salad. I loved that it came with all three. Honestly, you cannot have an italian restaurant without amazing, melt in your mouth, tomato soup. The soup was heavenly and tasted great paired with the panini. The side salad was great as well; however, some bits tasted a bit too... freshly picked? Well, you know what I mean. Considering we already had breakfast and this was just a, lets sit down my feet hurt  whimsical eat, we did not order dessert or anything after our entree. Overall, everything was delicious and I would definitely come back after a day of shopping.
4	Ate here for dinner on a Tuesday night.  Would recommend this as a good spot for a upscale casual dinner with very good food and nice ambiance.  Restaurant features a "patio" of sorts overlooking Crystals mall which makes for good people-watching during your meal.  Booths are comfortable, although the degree you sink into them is kind of strange and kind of feels like eating on a couch...Portions were huge and good was good.  I had the veal scallopini and my friend had the chicken picata.  Would order both again.Other friends have eaten here for brunch and also recommended it.  Price point is reasonable given location in Crystals/CityCenter and, additionally, locals receive 20% off or dessert through the end of September.Will be back.
5	Excellent! All around!!! Try the chicken piccatta!
4	This is a great little pizza place in a great location as others have stated.  The food is good with a mix of great, OK, and so-so foods that we ordered.  Service was very good and is a place well worth going to for a nice lunch in Vegas.My family ordered calamari for an appetizers that was good (3 Stars).  For our main course we ordered the cheese pizza (4 stars) and the prosciutto pizza (3 stars) for five of us, and some chicken fingers with fries (4 stars) for our 3 yr old.  Everything came out in a timely manner other than the chicken fingers that took a little longer.  Service was good with water in cups and making sure everything was OK.Overall a 3.5 star place with good service so a 4 star eating location.  This is one of the cheaper nice locations to eat at too in the area.
4	Actually quite impressed with this place!  The decor is very chic, but comfortable, the service was spot on - excellent drink and food recommendations, and the food was quite good too!
4	Surprisingly VERY Good....you think with so many restaurants, things can get convoluted.  But its really really good.  Service on the slow side, but thats because we had a party of 20.  Food was pleasantly great, even for city center standards.I'd come back in heart beat....
4	I ate the Asparagus Salad, Parmesan Panna Cotta, Prosciutto dish. Was it AMAZING!!!! It was light and perfect for a late dinner. I would go here again, definitely.
3	Let me start by saying I'd had gone to wolfgangs after a crazy night and my hangover would be categorized as the "hangover from hell" so maybe pizza wasn't the best idea.I started my meal off with the grilled octopus "antipasto" it had a very fresh flavor and was very tender, executed perfectly. Unlike the octopus antipasto, the prosciutto pizza I had  wasn't anywhere near good, the combination of prosciutto, olives and parmesan had an overly salted taste and the olives made it very briny. It was really overwhelming to the taste buds so I only had one piece.service was slow also, took about 20 mins for our drinks, we ordered beers.
2	this is inside the Crystals Center and although they are all high end stores, I still feel like dinning inside a mall. Menu is pretty simple with mostly pasta and pizza. I guess I have a higher expectation because of the Wolfgang Puck name. I was hoping to see some creative pizza and pasta combination. The lasagna was good, it was light, meaty and delicate without a heavy tomato sauce. It was worth $19.The sweet corn pizza was a bit disappointing. The dough tasted like frozen pizza dough and there were not enough seasoning to bring the flavors out. I enjoyed a frozen pizza more from Trader Joe's. Plus, our waiter was very pushy trying to get us to order more food. I mean...this is Vegas, doesn't everyone have 5 small meals a day?
3	Salad needed more dressing. Pizza was good.  Canoli was way to hard!
4	Surprisingly good and affordable, for a nice casual restaurant in the heart of Crystals. They offer happy hour specials all night at the bar, which was actually convenient to sit at with our party of 4 as we grabbed a corner seat so that 2 people sat on each side and we were able to talk to each other easily. The happy hour menu offered some pretty good deals, a pitcher of sangria (red or white) for $18 and pale ales for $6. The handsome bartender was extremely friendly and chatty as he refilled our glasses of sangria and beer. The food we ordered was surprisingly good. We had mushroom arancini for just $6 off the happy hour "bites" menu, calamari fritti, a insalata mista with grape tomatoes and parmesan, and a margharita pizza. While the pizza may not compare to the stuff in NYC, the marinara sauce tasted surprisingly fresh and tangy. It was definitely nice to rewind here and get our buzz going after checking into the Aria without breaking the bank.
3	Decent food, convenient location if you're at the Aria, and plenty of seating.  It's one of the places on the strip that don't charge you and arm and a leg and the perfect setting for a first lunch in vegas that goes right into a bit of shopping at the mall.
2	My wife and I were doing some shopping in the mall and I was in the mode for some Pizza, but they just did not pull it together for me.  The location was nice and we enjoyed our table but the service was really off.  Clearly no one was to interested in serving us as we had to struggle to get our order taken and get our drinks refilled.  Hack we even had to fight to get the bill, which they usually never have trouble getting to you.  The Pizza I got was just all right.  The crust could have been a little crisper but the toppings were good.  The one measure that I use is would I go back (those get three stars or above) but for me the answer is no so they get the two stars rating.
4	We were really hungry and thought the menu looked pretty good... We were seated in the corner on the other side of the restaurant... it was a little secluded...  It's located inside Crystals facing Aria Hotel... We started with the calamari... the sauce was amazing!  the calamari was nice and crispy, and tender.  I ordered chicken piccata, which I thought was excellent... husband ordered the eggplant parmesan which had a nice texture and crunch but a little on the bland side... We also got free onion and sourdough bread.  Overall, the service and food were both good... it was also a decent price...so we'd return if were in the area...
4	Great food, great bar, and a staff that recognizes and acknowledges locals/regulars. The happy hour menu is the great secret.
4	Went there for lunch, decided to sit at the bar and watch games. Our server/ bartender was very friendly, introduced us happy hour menu, regular menu, and drink menu, said the happy hour menu was good, small but very good. the regular menu and specialty cocktail menu looked very nice too. I ordered braised baby artichoke, white sangria and passion fruit Cosmo from happy hour menu, and Steamed Mussels, Chorizo, Marjoram, Grilled Ciabatta from regular menu, bf ordered soup of the day and Linguine, Steamed Clams, White Wine-Garlic Sauce, they offer complimentary bread too. I liked my food a lot, they were very delicious and flavored, the sausages in my steamed mussels are particularly good,  just one problem, they were very very salty! Glad we were a little hangover, so we could finish the extremely salty dishes there. I wouldn't go there for dinner, just a casual lunch after a little bit too much drinking the previous night. the portions are so big, even good for sharing. the price is not cheap, our tab was around $78. A little more for a casual lunch , but its Vegas and its at Crystals. SO... :P
4	Great restaurant! No crowds. Slightly difficult to find in City Center, but worth the hunt. Once you get there, you should try the caprese salad, the veal ravioli, and the  with penne with red sauce. The lasagna is unique! Prices are more like a $$$.
4	Before heading home we had a great girls night dinner here. There were 8 of us and we sat in the "centerpiece" table. I had the veal ravioli which was delicious, with a side of brussel sprouts. I tasted my friends' dishes - and they were all good, great portions. Who would think, in the Crystals mall - the best mall food I've had. It wasn't crowded and great for groups. All our food came out together, and the staff keep our glasses filled.
4	The atmosphere of this restaurant is very nice.  Crystal mall is very beautiful and this is one of the places to eat floating around the middle of the mall.  And considering that this place boasts the name of wolfgang puck and its surrounded by shops that sell shoes and hand bags for no less then 3000 dollars.  You might think its expensive but its not.  We got a pitcher of some wonderful pale in a nice round bottom pitcher.  An order of the fried calamari which was fantastic. and the proccuito pizza which was also very good but on the salty side.  the bill came out to around 50 dollars.
5	The food at this restaurant is top notch! Eating here has been one of the best experiences of my life. The food and service was impeccable!!! My boyfriend ordered the bruschetta as an appetizer, and let me tell you that it was the best bruschetta we have ever had!!! It had fresh pesto, basil, tomatoes, and shaved parmesan! So delicious!Since I am a vegetarian, I ordered the eggplant parmesan and it was so good! My boyfriend ordered the sea bass and he loved it as well. We couldn't stop raving about how good everything was!!! For dessert, we had the flour less chocolate cake and it was amazing. Everything was divine from start to finish! My boyfriend and I are starting a new tradition where we make it a priority to eat here every time we go to Vegas!
3	Hey LV yelpers!I had dinner here last night with my gf who lives next door in the Veer towers.I was really excited to try a new restaurant and I have never been to a Wolfgang puck's before...I wasn't really impressed with the food. We ordered the cheese ravioli, Margarita pizza and lemon cheesecake with blueberries. It was OKAY, would I go back? Probably not unless we are lazy to drive off the strip since it's walking distance from her place. In my yelp opinion I rather drive off strip and get the same or better quality food for a better price tag $My gf's friend was our waitress so we had good customer service. I probably won't be back especially since I don't drink so even happy hour won't bring me back.Next.
2	I went for happy hour with my gf and a coworker... we were hoping to get a quick bite to eat before going back to work. We sat down and the bar top was filthy... crumbs and goo leftovers all over it. Nobody came to greet us and we sat there for 8 minutes when we decided to leave. I have eaten here before and I know that being dirty is not the norm but the food has never been great... its only convenient since I work nearby... the service yesterday, the dirty restaurant and blah food in general means I wont give them another try for the foreseeable future.
3	Beautiful fresh food.  Friendly service and fun open ambiance.  The heirloom tomatoes they serve are a thing of beauty.  I would come again.
5	After our first long day shopping,we were starving. Wolfgang has never disappointed our family at any of his locations. The Food and service were both amazing. Fresh baked crusty bread to start,calamari, pork chops,spaghetti, and the chicken piccata were all delicious. My husband even ate brussels sprouts and enjoyed them.
2	my friend and i went for a late night dinner here after a show. when our food came out, her fish that she had was so hard that when she tried to cut a piece off to eat, it flew into her lap! i think i got the gluten-free pasta ragu, which wasn't very impressive. i barely remember the meal! My friend ended up sending her fish back, but it took so long for it to come back out that i was finishing mine. at this point we were both so tired and she wasn't hungry anymore that we just sent it back in. Mind you, it wasn't like I had scarfed down my food. I was leisurely eating, trying to wait for her food to come out... and we were talking the whole time.definitely not a place I'm too willing to go back to.
4	My first Wolfgang Puck Restaurant! After seeing this guy's name all over TV/ nearly all the hotels in Vegas, I HAD to try something amazing.After a CRAZY long day of walking in 100+ degree weather all the way down the strip trying to save taxi money, we figured SCREW IT, WE DESERVE A DAMN GOOD MEAL. Okay, in all honesty, it was probably only me that didn't want to take the taxi but after that day I realized that public transportation is definitely worth it. ANYWAYS, I ordered the ravioli with porcini mushrooms, brown butter, sage/pepper sopresatta sweet peppers! The name sounded fancy so I decided to give it a try! It was a little pricey but it's probably the cheapest of all the WP restaurants around. The ravioli were delicious, I preferred them over the cheese ones that my friend ordered. We also had a few pizzas at our table, and all these dishes were definitely big enough to be shared by two (at lunch) !! Servers were great, my only complaints are that the sun was pretty much blinding me during half of the meal, and the cute but tiny fizzy drink that I ordered was definitely not worth the 6+ dollars that I probably paid for it.Definitely a great lunch spot! :)
4	My first visit was with three girlies on a birthday outing, which started with a wander around the mall before lunch. It was an excellent kick-off to a 12-hour birhday session on the Strip. The atmosphere is nice--casual with a touch of class. The music was superb (jazzy, bluesy, just loud enough).  The sangria was the best I've had; it was a perfect blend of ingredients with just enough brandy for a good kick. We all ordered different meals and were all happy with the quality. Everything was fresh, delicious, and very well presented. They even made my salad interesting with just the right proportions of dressing, Gorgonzola, bacon and nuts. In my book, it takes a really good kitchen to make a salad that tasty. Our server was very good. She was friendly and professional without being intrusive on our fun lunch. I'm a fan and can happily recommend this place. Get a window seat so you can people-watch. :)
5	Wife and I landed in Vegas late Thursday afternoon and wanted something near our hotel (Aria) for dinner. I read some decent reviews on yelp so we decided to check it out. We ordered some mild prosciutto as a starter, we received about 9 thinly sliced pieces, along with some olives and bread. Quite tasty. For our main we split the yukon gold potato pizza. We eat a lot of pizza, and this was probably one of the best we've had at a restaurant. It was a thin crust, so all the flavor came from its ingredients. The mascarpone and thinly sliced potatoes combined with the greens and guanciale (pork cheek) was the perfect combination of slightly sweet and savory. The servers were very attentive and kept our water glasses full throughout our meal. The total with tip was under $30. Very reasonable for a tasty Vegas meal.
4	I only came here because it was open and it was close to my hotel, and I'm glad I did!We had the duck confit pizza, the caramelized brussel sprouts, and a risotto special.The duck confit pizza was delicious, but the brussel sprouts are to-die-for! I normally don't like brussel sprouts, but my sister loves them, and the waiter was sold on them, so I thought I'd open my mind a little and give them a try. They blew my mind away! This is one dish that shouldn't just stay in Vegas!!!The risotto special was just okay - I don't even remember it much - that's how memorable it was.Moral of the story: TRY THE BRUSSEL SPROUTS!
5	Ate here on a recent trip to Vegas... wow! Pizza was fantastic. Also had the caesar salad with garlic croutons, humbolt fog blue cheese, and butter lettuce. Different spin on the classic caesar salad. Very good.Best part of the meal was the mac n' cheese. It comes out still sizzling in a cast iron bowl. The hot bowl creates a crispy layer of cheese that brings the mac n' cheese to a whole nother level.Wow. Great late night dinner.
2	Weak. Totally overpriced and lame. We ended up with a $100 giftcard to the whole CRYSTALS shopping center, which was pretty much dead when we came to the Vdara hotel for a couple of weekdays. Maybe they thought I'd buy a $3000 watch if they gave me $100, but of course that's a bunch of bullcrap so I was going to get a meal or two out of that $100. This is one of the only places in the complex for a regular lunch, so there we went. I had high hopes since we went to Spago (didn't mean to go to multiple Wolfgang Puck restaurants) the previous night and loved it. However, for the price the food here was weak and forgettable. I got veal ravioli with mushrooms. Lots of mushrooms. The weird fungi looking kind that don't really taste like anything. This was pretty much the focal point of the dish, because nothing else really stood out. The sauce was pretty bland and the veal didn't taste like much of anything. The portion was good but for $20+ I was really glad I had a gift card. Don't get me wrong, for $10 per plate I still would have thought it was weak, but for about $70 total after tip I was just mad out of principle. Scampi appetizer was also kind of weak. Just lots of butter. Just kind of a weird experience. Supposedly in this really upscale complex being served expensive food but it tasted more like something from a chain.  Lots of tourists at the other tables (sometimes not knowing what or how to order, being foreign tourists..) because there's just nowhere else to eat. What a weird scene! Also service was slow. We got there right when it was opening at 11, so we could use up our giftcard before driving back to Fresno. And this would hold us over til we got home too. But the slow service was whack. We were one of the first people in and people who showed up much later than us were eating before we got our dishes. Lame!
3	Had to stop here since the walking around back and forth on the damn skywalk ways from hell tired me out. The baby artichokes and olive tanapade was very good but I wish it would have been a hot dish (perhaps not meant to be). The eggplant Parmesan was good and crunchy (thank you Panko breading) but not quite moist, fine either way. The side pasta was good also, not sure if it was cooked in butter or olive oil, perhaps some other sauce, it was comforting enough. Finally, I am usually biased for big portions and I was scared when I saw the dish sizes but surprisingly, it quite filling and just right! Vegas strip prices, ok service (I had to ask for the bread, how dare they!)
3	I had no idea Wolfgang Puck was so upscale! The only Wolfgang Puck I had ever eaten at was in Macy's food court. I have to say I'm quite impressed.We told them we had a show to catch, so they were extra quick with service. My mojito was yum.The bread was tasty. My favorite was the one with raisins.My pizza was huge! I had to give my bf some.I probably won't seek out this place next time, but I know I don't mind coming back.
5	Wolfgang Puck just might be my favorite chef of all time, or at least top 3 for sure.  Thankfully a city like Vegas has many of his restaurants.Most palates nowadays are numbed down by basic ingredients that only appeal to fatty flavors.  Nothing wrong with that but it takes a true chef to bring together flavors and sauces to make a mouth of happy.  Enter Wolfgang.This restaurant has only been open for around 2 years.  It is a great option to still have some of Wolfgang Puck's meals without the super expensive price tag.The meats are fresh and flavorful as are the pasta's.  His Cesar salad is made with blue cheese and was one of my favorites.  You can get a pitcher of sangria for around $20.
4	Being a couple steps away from the Aria this Pizzeria and Cucina was perfect for a nice lunch. It is located inside the Crystals complex which exudes class and high life. This Pizzeria is actually pretty WELL PRICED in my opinion for the quality of the food that you get and the service. Wolfgang Puck is everywhere in Vegas so it is almost expected that you will eventually try is fare.We ordered a classic Margherita Pizza and kicked it up a notch with the Duck Confit Pizza. Both were absolutely delicious and well made. Not too mention, surprisingly filling. Other than their pizza they did have an assortment of paninis and pasta to choose from. My fellow guest chose a nicely crafted beer to go along with his pizza and I chose their Puccini (which made for midafternoon fabulousness!)The Margherita Pizza was well made and definitely some of the better pizza I have tried. Duck Confit pizza was very different and an interesting experience for my palate. The base for the pizza is a squash base which makes it more heavy while complementing the sprinkled Duck Confit. There are great choices for herbs placed on their pizzas as well.I was happy with the service, though would have liked it if the waiter stopped by to refill our water more. Overall, great deal for some great cuisine! Try it!
3	Came here for a relaxing dinner on a Tuesday night. The place was only about 50% filled so we were seated right away. Our waitress was really great and came to our table right away to ask us about drinks. She also had what I like to call "The Sense" which is that she knows how often to check in rather than too much or too little. I've mentioned this before checking-in sense before in previous reviews. Overall she was great. The bus boy was also pretty on point about filling up our waters and bringing out bread. Service was A-OK.As for food, the calamari w/ garlic aioli appetizer was definitely a good choice. Awesome to share between 3-4 people. Unfortunately, it was just me and my gf so we got a little bit filled up from it that we weren't fully hungry for our entrees. I ordered the pesto lamb which was tasty but just a little too salty for my taste. The mashed potatoes and spinach it comes with were really good though. She got the prime rib which she really enjoyed and I took a bit and it was legit. Overall it was a good dining experience. Food was a little too salty for me and a little pricey for where we were but the service was good. No need to come back but a solid choice nonetheless.
2	Slow service,  average food.  In fact, I had a 100% better Cesar salad at pub in Seattle. Lame. The restaurant itself is nice and the bar area looked pretty lively.
4	We came here for launch.  The service was good we've been greeted and seated right as we walked in.  The waiter was very nice all the way.   We ordered one dish of calamari and one Italian sausage pizza.  The calamari was the best I ever had!  It was slightly frayed seasoned to  perfection and at the right  temperature. It had a nice crunch   when we bite on it and it's sauce was delicious ,it was creamy and garlicky.The pizza was good, but it's sausage was useless because it has overpowered by the sauce. Therefor we couldn't taste it.  The atmosphere in general was nice until the pianist at the mall started playing. This building has a terrible acoustics and the music sounds loud and horrible.
3	Got seated right in. The menu was simple. We ordered the caprese salad and italian sausage pizza. The waiter took a long time to get our orders and the food took somewhat a long time.Got the caprese salad - it had tomatoes, mozzarella, pesto and balsamic vinegarette.Expensive for a salad, it was good not great... I wish I had a bit more acid with the salad. Never getting a salad that pricey.Got italian sausage pizza and it was good. The crust was thin and it was hot. The cheese however, fell off the pizza at times. There was little sausage and it had garlic pieces on top. I don't know what the greens were on the pizza, I think it was broccoli or something along the lines of that, but it gave a bit bitter taste because of the greens.Overall, the place and location is in the Crystals. The place is modern and its kinda small. The service is a bit mediocre. The price is a little on the pricey side. Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in the MGM Grand is better because there are more choices to choose from and its good... better than this place.
2	Limited pizza menu to be Italian. Poor service, i only irdered water and dound my glass empty more than a few times, waiting for a refill. Beautiful bathroom, but dirty as a pigsty!
4	Oooh! A Wolfgang Puck restaurant!! First time eating at a celebrity chef's restaurant. We made reservations through OpenTable, love the points! This restaurant is located inside the Crystals shopping center on the 2nd floor. You get a nice view of the shopping area too. Fancy! We were seated right away and our order was taken by the manager. Nice to know he participates. Sadly they ran out of the duck pizza. We ended up with the mushroom pizza instead. I had the salmon with potato puree. It was lovely. Cooked perfectly still juicy and so so flavorful. My mouth was in love and wanted more. I enjoyed their complimentary bread too. Hands down the best bread I've had. Fluffy and bouncy on the inside and crunchy crisp on the outside. More please! The pizza was so so which was sad to say since this place is supposed to be a pizzeria. They had 4 different kinds of mushrooms which was impressive, but the flavors did not excite my taste buds or put me on the edge for more. The bf had the same thought as well. Too bad we couldn't try the duck. Tip: check out the Tickets4Less booths along the strip. They sell discounts to restaurants and can make reservations for you! We got 20% off the whole bill for $4.
2	Service is terrible!! So slow and the waiter never checked on us at all. The server also took away our bread before we were even done eating it!Some of us ordered soup with our entree, and some just the entree. Their soups were brought out when our entrees were brought out. So when we finished our entrees, they didn't even GET THEIRS yet. It was pretty ridiculous!!!! The rigatoni and the lasagna sauces are REALLY salty. Almost unbearable to eat. I couldn't finish my dish because it was so salty. The clams and linguine does not taste like anything but butter. Overall, a VERY disappointing meal. Best thing was the bread
4	My boyfriend and I went here on New Year's Eve. Before I came, I perused the online menu and was pretty set on ordering a pizza. Based on the restaurant's name, I thought that would be a good choice. When I got the menu, the veal tagliolini, a New Year's Eve special, caught my eye as did the $32 price tag but it was New Year's Eve so I went for it. It was plentiful and DELICIOUS! The veal was super tender and the tomato sauce drizzled with pesto was oh so tasty. Boyfriend ordered and liked the turf (ribeye) and surf (prawns), which was $45. I tried the prawns and thought it was okay. I didn't try the ribeye, but the steak was big, at least 16 ounces. The turf and surf came with roasted potatoes and it was yummy. The potatoes were well seasoned, the skin was perfectly crisped and the inside was cooked perfectly. We also shared a caesar salad ($14) which was very good and could have been split 4 ways there was so much. What I liked best was they used romaine spears and fresh shredded parmesan. The dressing was also top notch.To pair with our food, we ordered a pear drink and a bellini. I preferred the pear drink. There was also complimentary bread and butter. The bread was warm and the butter was creamy. Very nice. Finally, our waiter was attentive but not bothersome. The bill after tip came out to be $146. Our bill was high because we splurged, but this place is actually very affordable. Most entrees are $16-25. It was a good experience and I would go back.
4	The four of us stopped in to share a pizza a get a few drinks before heading to another restaurant.  The pizza was really good and fresh.  The service was friendly and the drinks were good also.
4	All our food was perfectly cooked and the flavors were complex, yet not overdone.  We had a breaded pork dish that I would never usually get. It was very good.  My wife had a lemon chicken dish that was also nearly perfect though texture was slightly off.   Dessert somewhat disappointed.  Pumpkin cannoli was overcooked.  Italian doughnuts were good though, with the exception of the caramel sauce, nothing special.  I'd go back for sure.  What stopped a 5 for me was value.
5	Located inside Crystals Mall, Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina offers a gorgeous yet inviting dining room, as well as a modern and chic bar and lounge scene. The restaurant's orientation offer's a bird's eye view of the Crystals Mall, but if you want something more intimate, opt for the interior dining. The menu is clearly Italian-influenced, with choices like Italian pizzas, salads, pastas & paninis. They also have authentic appetizers such as Italian salumi (San Daniele Prosciutto, my ultimate fav...not easy to find in the U.S) , Grilled Octopus, and Prime Beef Carpaccio. The fine selection they have really demonstrated the authenticity the restaurant brings forth. Prices are reasonable, so this is a great option if you aren't looking to drop money as if you were dining at Joel Robuchon. The food is definitely well-prepared and nicely presented. The wine list is also solid, with options from both the US and Italy. Glasses are reasonably priced at $8-$12 range. My most memorable thing here was the dessert- Italian Doughnuts - the Zeppole. I haven't had Zeppole in the states in ages..so this was a delectable and pleasant surprise! Paired with caramel dipping sauce and vanilla gelato - this makes for an outstanding dessert to share! They're fluffy and light, and not overly sweet (comparable to French Beignets). There a number of reputable Italian restaurants in Las Vegas. Many renowned chefs have opened restaurants on the strip -Mario Batali, most notably for Carnevino in the Palazzo and B&B in the Venetian, Valentino's in the Venetian, Bartolotta in the Wynn - the list is really very extensive. But, if you want to eat somewhere that is appropriate for a casual lunch, a glass of wine in the afternoon, or a solid dinner meal -this is your go-to place for any occasion. The hospitality and service will also impress you.
2	Sorry Wolfy...I never got past how terrible the seating was...low ottoman's that were more suited to Roman style "eat lying down" than an actual meal...(I must have missed the "servent with fan feeding me grapes" option?) ...so low that you felt your knees were in your chin...not a good way to eat.  There was a variety of heights in the restaurant,  up to tall bar-stool style...but what we were unfortunate enough to get was awful and uncomfortable.  What were you thinking man?I spent half the evening trying to stretch my legs out to relieve the cramps .Oh yes...and they also had food and wine there.  Sent the salad back as the vinaigrette dressing was so tart it made me spit the salad out!  Ravioli was edible.  wine selection and pricing was the best thing there...not overpriced for once (that earned you back a star)
1	Rude staff and unaccomidating to their guest.  We simply wanted to have a beverage in their empty restaurant as I was with my elderly parents.  They insisted we could only sit at the bar (which both of my parents would clearly have much difficulty with). If they had more than 2 other tables in use I would have completely understood, unfortunately MOST of the tables were empty.    Do Not spend your money with people like this!
5	One of the best lunches I've ever had, along with the best calamari and mussels. And the best tomatoes & mozzarella in my Caprese salad. Cute little place inside Crystals at CityCenter, with a nice bar area and cool bathrooms! The staff and service was excellent! Our waiter was funny and really took good care of us, we even got a big round table with no reservations. Highly recommend for lunch as the prices are not bad at all compared to most restaurants in Vegas. I have a full review loaded with pics that will make your mouth water here: http://littobites.blogspot.com/2012/01/vegas-lunch-wolfgang-puck-pizzeria.html
3	The food is good, better than average--but not stellar.  I had the yukon potato pizza, which was nicely executed and tasty.  2 others at my table ordered pasta dishes, which were OK--again, nothing to write home about.  Service was so-so: impersonal, perfunctory, the wait staff didn't seem to care whether you were there or not.  You could do worse; but you could do better, too.
4	Great vibe. Great food. Butter lettuce salad was perfect.
3	Lunch with the girlsShared duck confit pizza, Cesar salad and lasagna with a pitcher of white sangria.The duck confit pizza was interesting because it's something I never seen madeThat was used as a pizza topping but it wasn't so bad. Some duck confit,Greens and freshly grated cheese. The lasagna was made tasty and good size.Very soft and fully flavor. Nothing special with the salad a typical Cesar salad that you can't go wrong with. Topped the whole meal together with freshly light white sangria was yummy!
5	I had the spaghetti and meatballs here last July, and it was so good that I've had it on my mind ever since (no joke). I recall it being hot and hearty with the perfect balance of sauce, noodle, meatball. I even made a trip to the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill at LA Live back in LA, hoping the spaghetti and meatballs would be just as good (it wasn't - too oily).So, lots to live up to on this visit to Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina. And it did, for the most part. We started with the prosciutto with mozzarella and the caprese salad. Delicious. And of course I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs for my entree. It was good - well, great - but not as good as I remembered it (I guess that's almost always how it works out, though). I wish the meatballs were a tad hotter. And there to be some more noodles, to make that perfect sauce, noodle, meatball ratio. But now I'm just being picky. To drink, the wine list had what we wanted - a bottle of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc at just $36. We finished our dinner off with the tiramisu - different from traditional tiramisu (think less soggy, more dense and solid) - which I actually liked, so a "win" there.Overall, I'd definitely go back. A great location in Crystals/Aria, delicious food, and reasonable pricing.
4	After a long day on the strip, we were looking for something not too fancy but not too casual.  We happened upon this delightful little restaurant while window shopping in the Crystal Mall.  We were able to sit right down with no reservation.  Our waitress was super friendly and very helpful when selecting what to eat.We skipped appetizers since we weren't opting for a big meal and the bread plate is excellent!  I had the chicken piccata and my aunt had the salmon which they cooked to her liking with no complaints (she likes it well done).  The chicken piccata was very tasty and also a very large portion!  My aunt also enjoyed her salmon and said it was the best meal she had in Vegas!  We also ordered the sauteed jumbo asparagus with prosciutto breadcrumbs on the side.  Oh my, they were delicious!  Love the prosciutto breadcrumbs.  Thumbs up to this smallish and sorta casual restaurant in the heart of Vegas. We're not too picky when it comes to wine so I can't speak to their wine list but we did enjoy what we had!
4	As with most Wolfgang Puck restaurant they serve great bread , as they do here.We started with Butter Lettuce salad, it came with Gorgonzola, bacon , pistachio and egg. The dressing was just OK.We then had a Italian Meat Pizza, which came with Pepperoni, Salami, Sopresatta and sweet peppers. The crust was the star.Service was average I couldn't get my drink refill all meal.Great location upstairs at Crystals shopping center.
3	Its was ok. A little over priced for the quality. Service was not quick.
4	Late last month, I finally had a chance to check out Wolfgang Puck's newest Las Vegas restaurant. It manages to be upscale and trendy without being snooty or unapproachable. It's really a nice addition to CityCenter's dining lineup.When one comes here, one must order the pizza. It's really as simple as that. I tried the mushroom pizza with arugula, and I certainly wasn't disappointed. The oyster mushrooms were "tanned" perfectly (and I know how hard it can be to properly sautee those suckers!), and the fontina melted beautifully. The peppery arugula brought everything together, and the crust was definitely among the best pizza crusts I've tasted in this town.Oh, and if you're a fan of sangria, try it here. It packs a good fruity punch without being too sweet or tart. And if you happen to sit at the bar for lunch, be sure to tip well, because the bartenders are among the friendliest (and the cutest!) one can find on The Strip.I definitely want to come back and try more pizzas soon. I definitely think the venue and the food match what one can expect at Spago (still my fave Puck place in Vegas).
4	I was really surprised at how much I actually enjoyed this restaurant. We had just arrived in Las Vegas and we were starving with no dinner reservations. We hopped the train from Bellagio to Crystals at City Center and within minutes we were seated at a booth overlooking the cavernous Crystals bottom floor. What a treat! While we dined, we were treated to a quasi-flash mob of dancers as well as various duos of dancers performing modern and classical dances. Without a doubt, these are the most coveted seats in the restaurant!There was no pretense at all at this "celebrity" outpost of the famed Wolfgang Puck. It was casual and comfortable, and the service was attentive but not overly so. We started with the calamari fritti which was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. My husband had the Veal Scallopini. It arrived as an abundant plateful of succulent and tender veal 6covered in mushrooms and artichokes. My hubby, who has a huge appetite, was "complaining" he was full about half-way through his plate.  I had the Eggplant Parmesan which came with a side of Capellini Pasta. It, too, was a generous portion of delicious eggplant which was not overly breaded or greasy.  (I consider myself an eggplant parm connoisseur and order it whenever I see it on the menu.)  This one did not disappoint! Like my better half, I could barely get through half and was bummed that I had no place to heat it or store it back at the hotel to devour later.What impressed me most, after the food and unexpected entertainment, was the modest bill. With all we ordered as well as a glass of wine and a martini, we didn't even hit $100, a feat I wish we could duplicate at other LV restaurants named for a famous chef!
2	Wolfgang did not live up to my expectations. I was torn between the ravioli and the lasagna, and the waiter talked me into the lasagna. When I got it, it was the first time I've ever received lasagna by itself (without any bread or sides). I tasted it, bland. It just wasn't amazing at all. My friend got the $27 salmon which came with mashed potatoes, and I guess it was good, but $27 worth? Not by my standards. The $19 lasagna was probably worth $4 to me. First and last visit to Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria.
5	Note: This review was based on a wonderful Happy Hour ExperienceWolfgang Puck Pizzaria & Cucina offers a great "ALL-DAY Happy Hour! It's located in the famous Crystall Gallery Shopping Center, which is a great attraction itself!In this Gallery Styled, high-end Shopping Mall, WPPC also has an aesthetic appeal with eye pleasing, modern, inviting setting. The serving staff, especially the barkeeps were friendly, humorous and efficient.WPPC has a large, comfortable bar (S Steel) with a partial view of the beautiful mall. One of its tv's over the bar counter is a thin-glass projection type, which looks like a piece of art! The restaurant is moderate in size, but has a spacious feel with its modern, comfortable tables and lounges. Those by the windows overlook the gorgeous gallery shopping area below.One evening in late March, my wife and I enjoyed ourselves tremendously over 2 glasses of house red wine ($7@), a draft beer ($5), a Spicy Pepperoni Pizza ($14), and a plate of assorted Marinated Olives ($7), which was much bigger in size than we expected. We came for HH only and did not try the dinner menu.- For its nice ambience, good food, and attractive location, we were not surprised to see quite a few locals there, at the bar that evening! The Crystal Gallery Shooping Center and the WPPC will defintely be one place we'll bring our out-of-town guests to for a good time!Additional Info - Go visit this fabulous Crystal Center, even if you don't eat/drink at WPPC!- Crystall Shopping Center itself has a modern, artistic architecture with unique aesthetic design, totally worth a visit for tourists and locals alike! This mall is like a gallery with beautiful sculptures, fountain tubes, ornate staircases.... To get to the mall, one can ride the free CityCenter Tram, from Bellagio to the Crystall stop, or to the Aria/Monte Carlo stop, from where then walk around to visit a couple of NICE galleries (Glass Blowing by Chihuly; Sculptures by McDonald) along the way; followed by walking on the picturesque overpass/footbridge to the Mall.My wife and I spent a pleasant afternoon walking in the CityCenter - the Aria, the galleries, the Crystall Shopping Center, and happily ended our wonderful evening at the Wolfgang Puck over good food and drinks!Peterskis, Apr 2012
4	Wow, I was pleasantly surprised. I came here thinking that it was going to heavy, unhealthy and greasy food. But it wasn't! The food was delicious. The server was very attentive. I enjoyed my dinner very much!
4	Pretty good food. Definitely a little pricy but the atmosphere, as well as the food is pretty good.
5	Delicious!! I got the Caprese salad (best tomatoes I've ever had, super flavorful pesto, ok mozzarella), and my dining partners each got a pizza- eggplant pizza and the mushroom pizza was fontina, both of which I tried and loved. Service was excellent, water refills like clockwork...really, really impressed!I am a total celebrity chef whore anyway, but this was legit good.
4	Majorly disappointed that they ran out of ingredients for both white and red sangria but then it was almost 8pm.  Loved that the waiter sensed our disappointment and instead gave us some free shots.  Now if that isn't customer service, I don't know what is!The food and service is excellent.  Very efficient on water refills.  I was excited to try a Wolfgang Puck joint and was definitely not disappointed (aside from the sangria).  I opted for a pizza, my sister had the lasagna.  Both were the best of the best that we have had.  I enjoyed the casual yet "fancy" feel of the restaurant.  Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely stop in for the happy hour specials, which I hear are awesome.
3	We came here for a light dinner, and our group of four shared a pizza and an order of ravioli.  The bread (which was given to us about 15 minutes after we sat down) was good.  We ordered a pizza margherita, which was excellent.  We also ordered the veal ravioli, which two of us loved and two of us hated, so maybe it was just a personal taste issue.  I found it to be extremely over-seasoned (salt and pepper), and lacking in any other flavor.  I ordered an iced tea, which was extremely small at $4 a glass and no refills.  Overall, we had a good experience and would return if we were in the  area, but wouldn't make a special trip (i.e. leave a casino) to dine here.
3	Mr. Puck strikes again with another excellent somewhat casual little gem, this time tucked away in the Crystal shops at City Center.  This place shares many of the accolades you'll find at Puck's Bar & Grill in MGM, but falls a bit short of it's big brother in consistency, food quality, and service - The Pizzeria & Cucina, however, is still relatively green when compared to the Bar & Grill, and with time I would expect to see the P&C move into line with the B&G.The P&C is a bit more casual than the B&G, and most of the other Puck establishments in Vegas.  Seating can be a bit slow at time, and the service is noticeably more casual and laid back than some of the other locations.  As you would imagine, the pizza here is top notch, and would be recommended.  The a large portion (if not all) of remained of the menu seems to be ported over from the Bar & Grill, however the execution is typically less consistent here.  The food is in no way bad, or even close to it, but the casual attitude in the front of the house seems to have found it's way back into the kitchen as well.  I should note that during my first visit here (with my parents), they mentioned I was a local, and the server gave up 20% off the check - it was a very nice touch.  While I am mentioning the bill, the Pizzeria is definitely a bit more affordable than the Bar & Grill, which is about the only advantage it has over it's big brother.The bottom line: this is a great place to eat, but it's worth the extra walk up the strip to the Bar & Grill in MGM Grand; however, if you are too lazy, you will not be dissatisfied with the Pizzeria & Cucina.
4	Good food.  Enjoyed a great pizza with pesto and prosciutto; good spaghetti with meatballs; and  so-so tomato caprese salad.  That said, the atmosphere was as cold as this beautiful but frigid designer mall.
3	This is one of the nicest Wolfgang Pucks in the Vegas area. The ambiance is amazing and it's in Crystals where everything is nice so it helps. The menu is a bit different from some of the other Pucks and the Spaghetti & Shrimp is my favorite. Service is usually good but can be spotty. I live at Veer condo right above Crystals so they give me 20% off. I think they may extend that courtesy to all locals. Great place to have both a business lunch or a romantic dinner.UPDATE: I had to downgrade my review because this place is inside Crystals and Crystals is not a place that is very welcoming.
5	Food is very consistent and excellent.  The staff is great and the bartenders are the best.  I highly recommend this restaurant if your in Vegas.
4	I had Mahi tacos. The fish was just at tad rare, crispy cabbage, and surprisingly good corn tortillas. You could taste the fresh fish. You get some lime to add however much lemon you like with your fish. I like the taste of lime and salt. Though not offered, a hot sauce would go great with this dish.
5	Words cannot express how in awe I am of the food here.Came here after my boyfriend's roommate said he'd comp our appetizers as he's a manager there.Started with the white sangria, which is the best I've tasted in Vegas. Lots of alcohol, not too sweet.Waiters brought us apps on apps on apps. - Mussels in chorizo sauce was BEYOND MAJOR. At first, I wasn't even going to try it because I don't like mussels. Tried the mussels and was in like. But, THAT SAUCE blew me away. It was so hearty and flavorful, I wanted to bathe in it. Waiter even asked us if we wanted more bread for it.- Pork and Beef meatballs. Ridiculously juicy and no need for the sauces they came with.- Pork belly. Not too salty and the picked garnish it came with went sooooo well with it. My 2nd fave after the mussels.After all those apps, I was too full to even order anything. My boyfriend ordered the salmon, which is a never fail at any restaurant. The pea puree it came with was weird to think about but, tasted amazing.Shockingly ordered dessert after all the food; and so glad I did. The donut (holes) were steller. I think they were lemon flavor bcuz of the bits of rind in them. They came with a chocolate and carmel sauce -- THAT caramel...SO GOOD! p.s. Get a booth by the outside. Views of Crystal are pretty!
5	Wolfgang puck always has good food.  I have been to a few of his places.   I just had spaghetti and meatballs but the meatballs were great. Service was excellent.  Dessert was tasty.  I would go again next time I'm in town.  My buddy would also and he is a local.
4	It's like my mind is playing tricks on me latelyI could of sworn that you are still my babyI'm on a merry-go-roundGoing around, driving me crazy at...WP Pizzeria! - Jay Sean (lights off)I needed a 'safe' meal that was close to me that wouldn't be too heavy since I was playing in a world series event the next morning. WP restaurants have always been good to me and a vegetarian pizza seemed like a great idea. I really like the atmosphere of this place since its in an open area and very bright, compared to so many dimly lighted places all around vegas. I ordered the mushroom pizza which came with thyme and arugula (finished every bit of it). My initial reaction when I saw it was that it was such a big portion. The pizza wasn't greasy and the cheese wasn't overwhelming either. The caesar salad with chicken looked appetizing as well but took a while to come out. I really wanted to save room for dessert because they had something called a zeppole that was supposed to be a delight but I just couldn't do it. P.S. Service was definitely a highlight here!Food: 4 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): n/a
4	For us, the main attraction was the shopping mall (City Center) where this place is located.  We parked in the Aria hotel lot and took the Tram into the Crystals drop in the City Center.  At the top of the Tram station you can look down into the Aria swimming/relaxation village - that seems to be the most hip place for the under 30 crowd.  Lots of great scenery!  As for the WP pie, it was nice.  I would recommend one of the pastas over the pizza, which was great but not my first choice.  Pizza just doesn't need to be so gourmet.  Except I Yelped Pizza and so that's why we ended up there.  Coulda just had a slice instead of the whole $18 pie which I threw most of away.
5	Stopped here for dinner with my family. We had reservations through OpenTable, and although we got there early they took us right in. Service was very friendly and quick. We had two pizzas which were both very good. Also had salads which were quite tasty. Like everything in Vegas the meal wasn't inexpensive, but the food and the excellent service made it worth it. I would go back.
4	I stopped by here for lunch this past Friday afternoon with three other dining companions.  After a long night out we were looking for some pizza and this place hit the spot.While I personally did not order a drink, two of my companions ordered the bloody Mary which one said was the best that he had ever had.  For my entree I decided upon the spicy pepperoni pizza.  I was also lucky enough to try both the Italian and the eggplant pizzas.  All were good but I really loved the combination of ricotta, pepperoni and spicy peppers that were on the spicy pepperoni. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  All of the pizzas were tasty but be prepared to pay over $15 for a 9 inch pie.
3	I was a little underwhelmed by the flavors and food. This is typical American-style Italian food in my opinion. It's no Angelini or Mozza (for L.A. people), and reminds me more of a Maggiano's (I actually like Maggiano's better believe it or not). We shared the mushroom pizza and an endive salad. The creamy sauce was not flavorful and tasted like it came out of a jar. The crust was nothing memorable. The salad was a typical run-of-the-mill salad. The decor and location was nice, but everything else was definitely not memorable.
4	Went for Happy Hour and sad to say, I won't go back for it.  Their portions are tiny.  However, their sangria is superb and is $6 a glass or $16 for a pitcher, which is a great deal!  Locals get a free dessert too, with any purchase.  Had the salmon dinner on my bday and loved it.  Go for dinner, not happy hour unless just getting drinks.
1	This place drives me crazy. They disguise their 7 for 7 happy hour as a deal, but in reality it's a huge rip off. If they displayed their 7 "deals" and people had the option to see what they were ordering prior to putting it in, I can't imagine anyone in their right mind would choose anything from the menu. Their portions are beyond tiny, they are micro. A $40 bill and left still hungry. Save your money and the frustration. The quality of food is above average, but I need more than a spoon full.
5	Wow! One of the best dinner experiences I have had in a loooong time. This place made me remember what fabulous food taste like and that superb service is still out there. Came in on a Tuesday evening around 7PM without a reservation. The hostess greeted us and we were seated immediately even though they were pretty busy. We had two servers taking care of us. Both were wonderful and very attentive with us and the surrounding diners. They made sure our beverages were always filled, checked in to see if we had any needs, and kept us in the loop regarding our food being prepared. To start off we ordered the house salad that had mixed greens, tomatoes and fresh parmesan cheese. They split the salad for hubs and I to share. It was a simple salad with light dressing. They serve two types of bread a fresh soft yummy onion focaccia and slice French bread. The focaccia was my favorite. Being Italian I would have been content eating a basket full of it. Next was the meatball appetizer. It came with 8 small meatballs with a tomato and pesto sauce. The meatballs were tasty with the sauce and very moist. About 30 minutes later our Margarita pizza arrived. It was cut into 6 slices and was pipping hot right out of the oven. A very simple and yet wonderful pie. I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizza but this one is very good. Their sauce has a great flavor with the seasoning. Our dinner lasted about an hour and a half. They didn't rush us in and out. We were able to take our time and enjoy each dish as it arrived. They time the courses perfectly one after another. For the salad, meat ball app and pizza with tax total and tip total was around $52.00.
4	Yummy restaurant in the middle of the very expensive and very prestigious shopping mall. Random spot for such a tasty place, but it was worth it. My friend and I shared the Caesar salad and then we each had the same pasta dish and for the life of me I cannot remember what it was called but I was happy.Perfect last meal in Vegas
5	Wow!! The food was delicious! We had Endive Salad & Bruschetta for starters. For main dishes we has Mushroom pizza, Salmon & Eggplant Parmesan. Everything was really good and done to perfection. One of the best eggplant-Parmesan we had & the pizza.... Amazing!!! Quality ingredients and perfectly made thin crust.   The service is pretty good too. Professional & patient waiters. Relaxed atmosphere.A tip: go to one of the 'Half-Price Food/Show Tickets' stands/kiosks on the strip & purchase the %20 off coupon for the restaurant. It will save you a few bucks..
5	This was so good!! I was here on a Sunday evening, so it was pretty quiet. The staff here is very friendly,and the food was just superb. So glad Wolfgang Puck opened another restaurant here!
5	This was the best and cheapest meal we had in Vegas on this trip.The food was excellent. There where three of us and we shared an excellent pizza for an appetizer.I had the Wild Boar Ragu. IT WAS TERRIFIC.Service was great, dessert was good and the casual atmosphere was most relaxing. This place is recommended for an alternative treat and great value when in Las Vegas.
4	I give the food 3.5 stars, but the setting and service helps round it up to a 4-star experience. I had the all-meat pizza and the portions were generous. The meat and peppers were tasty, but I have had better pizza. My friend had the clam linguine and enjoyed it. Overall, it's a nice place for any occasion.
4	We had wanted a light lunch (the first morning after, ugh, rough..) and this was the perfect place for it. This Wolfgang Puck location sits on the second floor of City Center, kitty corner from Brunello Cucinelli for location reference. Clean modern open decor with a lot of light. Comfortable seating.We were seated right away. Our server was very friendly and attentive. She introduced us to a few menu highlights and checked on us throughout the meal. I went with the butter lettuce salad topped with delicious Gorgonzola cheese, hazelnut, bacon and egg. Decided to add some grill chicken for protein (aka, coat the stomach for more drinking. Hey when in Vegas...). It was exactly what I wanted. Light, but tasty and fulfilling. The Hazelnut added a wonderful flavor to to the dish. Also on the table were the Endive salad, Chicken Piccata and steamed clams Linguine; all very well done according to everyone. I highly recommend WP Pizzeria & Cucina for a light lunch or easy dining. Prices were very fair (compare to other established Vegas restaurants). I wouldn't say it's a culinary experience, but the food is well-done and the atmosphere and service were top notch.
2	The Jidori Brick Chicken sounded really good but it came out dry. The chicken didn't seem freshly made and the skin on top was like a sheet of rubber. I've cooked chicken and froze and reheated chicken before and it never comes out this dry. How do you make a leg of all things dry? My waiter did check on us and I informed him about the chicken being dry but that was that. I do have to say the mushrooms and corn under the chicken were outstanding, I did enjoy them. The potatoes tasted like box potatoes but might have been fresh?My husband had the veal osso bucco and he said the veal was dry and disappointing but the gnocchi were good and light.I don't know if they were having a bad day or if they are like this all the time. My husband was here before and thought the wild boar ragout was really good here before but the waiter talked him into trying the osso bucco that was dry.Wolfgang needs to spend less time on the shopping channel and more time in his restaurants.
3	Came to grab a late lunch to-go on a Monday, June 11, 2012.I was warmly greeted at the door by the hostess and manager.  I asked if I could get an order to go, and they said I could at the bar.  I didn't take pics, so my memory is a bit elusive... but I remember it being very well-lit, and modern.  It matched the space of the Crystals shopping center.  It was very lively, and I was surprised there were so many patrons at that hour (around 2pm).I got the spaghetti and meatballs, as well as the grilled meatballs.  My friend, Arvin T, had been searching for the "best meatball," and so I joined him in his search.I was very tempted to have a cocktail, having glanced a number of tasty looking handcrafted cocktails... next time!I forget how long the bartender said the wait would be, and I had made a note in my phone (only to have deleted it, it seems)... but I remember it taking 3-4 minutes longer than he said.  Which was fine for me, but for those that are nit-picky...Fast forward, I'm sitting on the couch in Veer Towers (that's why I chose to get it to go -- it was 8 minutes flat, from bar to doorstep), with Mad Men on Netflix... I dig into the spaghetti... it's cooked al dente, thumbs up.  I take a bite of the meatball -- my teeth sink through more easily than anticipated; it's a very soft texture, and I don't like it.  On top of that, it was surprisingly sweet tasting, not in a good way.  Disappointed, I wash it down with water, and give it a second go.  Same disappointment.I open up the grilled meatballs and cross my fingers... The texture is more firm, like I'm used to.  However, this time it's way too salty!  I quickly grab the water, rinse, and repeat.  Salty!  Deja Vu.  Einstein's attributed quote came to mind: "Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."  (He didn't really say that btw, but who knows who came up with it).When my friend came home from work that day, I had saved him well over half (probably 3/4).  He tried it, and disagreed with me about the grilled meatballs being salty... only to recant his statement 4 hours later when he admitted he needed to drink lots of water at dinner.Wolfgang Puck, your meatballs let me down that day.  But, being as sleek looking as you were, I will return to sample your handcrafted cocktails anyway ;)
4	I just had a beer and salad for quick bite. Ate at the bar - bartender was friendly. The menu looked pretty good but I just had the salad before going to a bigger dinner.  It was a basic green salad with very sweet tomatoes - very fresh and tasty. I will be back to try some other items.
4	Fantastic pizzas and service.  I came here with 2 girlfriends.  We ordered 2 pizzas and 1 salad; the wild mushroom pizza, prosciutto and arugula pizza and the butter lettuce salad.  The wild mushroom pizza with bechamel sauce was out of this world.  So creamy, so much mushroom!  It was so good.  The prosciutto pizza was also very good.  Lots of prosciutto and thinly sliced.  The butter lettuce salad included bacon, blue cheese, hazelnuts and cranberries.  Great mix of flavors.  Service was great - our waiter came back to check on us frequently and made sure we had everything we needed.  I would definitely come back again for pizzas!
5	This is my favorite all-around strip restaurant in Las Vegas. The caprese salad ranks amongst the best caprese salads I've ever had.The margherita pie is a goddamned wok of art. I'm a sauce guy and this tasty, slightly sweet sauce hits the mark perfectly.Pizzeria & Cucina has a light, open air atmosphere and prices so reasonable that you may forget that you're in one of the most expensive shopping malls in America.Protip: Happy hour is all day at the bar. The $16 pitcher of sangria you get with this deal is delicious and more than enough booze to get two people nicely drunk.
5	Certainly one of my favorite restaurants on the strip! (And it won't break the bank!)  The service was awesome. I'm not sure of my server's name but he was a nice guy who was very attentive and really kind. I was surprised not to see him blow up after trying to handle a major language barrier while trying to take a drink order. I would've lost it and gave up, but he was nice enough to work with the party next to our table.I came in with my girl and her sister to enjoy a nice dinner so we stopped here because Wolfgang's restaurants are always consistent. We started with the bruschetta, fried rice balls, and calamari. They were all amazing. Calamari was perfect and tasted fantastic. The pesto bruschetta was one of the best I've ever had and the fried rice balls were out of control delicious. Outstanding flavor in such a small ball.  We also ordered a mushroom pizza, just because i was so eager to try it. It was amazing. Great mushrooms and the pizza was done perfectly! We each had a slice and took the rest home.Moving further, I ordered the beef lasagne, my girl ordered the SeaBass (substituted for something different) and our third ordered the Veal lasagna. All were great, although my girlfriend was little disappointed that the menu description didn't include olives or the tomato sauce that was under the description of her entree. She's not a fan of either. She said the fish was just OK. But was pretty much already stuffed from the appetizers. Shockingly, we found room for dessert and ordered the fresh Strawberry cake thing? and the tiramisu. I'm not a fan of fruit in my desserts but I was told it was delicious and the tiramisu was amazing. The light crunch in the tiramisu was unlike anything I've ever tried and really closed the meal out great for me. Overall, I know I'll be back. This restaurant is one of the best Wolfgang Pucks in town and certainly the best option inside of Crystals shopping center. (Unless you want to spend $75/person at Mastro's)
4	Great place in Vegas to eat a great dinner, without spending a wad of cash!We had the following items:AppetizersTomato and pesto bruschetta- awesomepizza with onions, arugula, etc- awesomeprosciutto and burreta cheese- goodlettuce salad with gorgonzola- very good.EntreesOsso bucco- excellentlamb- good
5	Tolles Essen und toller Service! Great food and great service!und endlich mal nichts frittiertes - And  finally nothing was fried :-)
4	We plan out all of our Vegas meals - dining is the biggest reason we go to Vegas (yes, even more important than my Wizard of Oz penny slots). We had a big, rich dinner planned and at the last minute decided we were tired and wanted to back out.  Instead we decided to have at Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina. I'm so glad we did!We got a great, private table overlooking the shops. We had a very helpful and personable server along with all the others who looked after us throughout our meal.We shared all of our items, staring with a Caesar Salad.  Then we had the Pappardelle with Wild Boar Ragu, and the Spicy Sausage Pizza.  All of the dishes were fantastic, the pasta being a favorite. We both ordered really delicious drinks - I ordered a nonalcoholic juice drink (Raspberry Velvet) with raspberries and cranberries and he ordered a Cucumber Gimlet which tasted like spa water.Really happy and would come back to order other pastas and entrees that looked just as good!
3	we had a nice time. food was good and service was very good.we had several of the bar menu items which were just ok but not great (palenta, rice balls, porc belly and mahroom arugala salad). they lacked seasoning and were all just ok.the pizza on the other end was great great great. perfectly cooked, crispy, think with great toppings.we had 3 of them as well so lots of left overs for the next day (one was with carmelized onions, one with italian sausage and another with asparagus and mascapone)we were very disappointed with the manager treatment which we felt not very classy for such location. we had purchased a voucher at the tix4less location (discounted shows and restaurants on the strip). the voucher was suppose to be for 20% off on all food items. unfortunately, when the bill arrived it turned out the bar menu are not a food item as they were not included in the discount. when we pointed it out to the waiter he said we should speak to the manager and he just brushed us off saying he will speak to tix4 less (surly its not the first time he heard of this issue as it clearly satted in the voucher all food items). this was clearly a misrepresentation by the restaurant as they are clearly being dishonest about it which is not at all something you can associate with wolfgangpuck!all in all, the bar food was just ok but can easily skip this food item all together as it was not very tasty and apparently it is not a food item at all as per management.the pizza's were all amazing in this location as well as others we had tried in previous times on the strip as well. pizza is the best bet4 beers later and a bill of $100.....the voucher deal and the bar menu left us with bad taste but the pizza rocked
4	Located along the Las Vegas stripe, this open restaurant overlooks the center of the Crystals shopping mall.  The service: The wait staff was very nice and were very attentive. The food: I had their vegetarian option of a mozzarella pesto panini sandwich, creamy tomato soup, and mixed green salad. Everything was very good. I really enjoyed the crusty bread that added to the crispiness of the sandwich, but I especially loved the tomato soup. It was thick and creamy and you can taste the tomato flavor without the acidity. I love idea of  how it was served in a cup: brilliant. Overall: This place is an excellent place to enjoy a filling lunch with quality ingredients. I'd comeback in a heartbeat.
4	where to start? The food was great, service are awesome and I had one of the best red wine sangria by far, had to restrained myself to be ordering another glass.. decor is modern, chair and table was comfortable..They start us of with basket of bread, then we ordered the Butter Lettuce, Gorgonzola, Bacon, Hazelnuts & Egg salad, which was a wise decision to spli it. Then as main course we ordered spicy pepperoni pizza and the special of the day, is an Italian Sea Bass, Tomato-Shellfish Stew, Broccolini and yes we still took some home. Unfortunately had to skipped dessert.I enjoyed our overall dining experiece there..
5	Really great pizza, and the red sangria was yummy.... me and my husband ate there for lunch and we going back on our last day here before heading back home it was so good
5	Love this place in every way.  Awesome staff, service and food.
3	Our waiter was never really around , My favorite was the tomato Brushetta omg amazing!! the view was very good!!! i had Clam luguinne with white wine sauce , had no flavor was kind of dry but it was OK.!! went to the one in crystals
4	This Puck's is in Crystals at City Center, a retail/entertainment mall. I had low expectations, but it turned out to be a good meal with equally descent wine/beer selection. Service was attentive. An upscale mall dining experience. I'd go again. Reservations accepted on OpenTable.
5	I came here this past weekend while we were in Vegas celebrating my birthday. We had a dinner reservation for a party of 10 and after a long day at the pool and drinking everyone was running late. They were very accomodating and held our table while our party trickled in. The service was great and the food was fabulous! Absolutely loved everything we ordered. The veggie pizza with truffle oil was great, I've been craving it since I had it and the caesar salad was superb! I will definitely be visiting this place everytime I'm back in LV.
3	Another boring celebrity chef in an overpriced Vegas restaurant.  I had lunch here with a large group.  The service was okay, not spectacular.  I had the porchetta panini with fries.  It was good, just not great.  And the fries were NOT homemade, really, Woflgang?  You can't invest in some tools to make real fries?
4	Omg, best dinner ever, try the meatballs for an appetizer !!!!! It's unassuming how good it was going to be but we will be BAck next time we are in Vegas. Good value as it was not I the casino. I enjoyed the sangria? Although don't sit overlooking the mall, it's very warm by there. Sit inside the resturaunt
2	Pork scaloppine was greasy and bland, my partners "medium" salmon was seared outside and almost raw inside and needed to be sent back. Lack of seasoning throughout. Staff didnt seem to care all that much, wont be back.  Save your money and try someplace else.  Disappointing for a Wolfgang puck restaurant, as we like them in other  places.
4	Friendly service. Pizza was good. Price was not bad.
5	WP. Always Rocks.  Loooove his Restaurants. Went there few Times. Always Perfect Food. Nice stuff!!!
5	This was our third time here, and, again, we loved it!  The food is fresh, mostly organic, and prepared with care.  The main course (eggplant parm) was outstanding, and the appetizers (shrimp scampi and meatballs), and the side veggies (broccolini and polenta) were excellent. O my lordy, the polenta is out of this world.  Seriously.  Even if you're not a polenta fan, you want this. Trust me.  We got the budino trio for desert, and I love the addition of the pistachio flavor....  Excellent wine list, excellent, speedy, friendly service-- when you eat here, you will love it!
3	So I tried two entrees here during the three trips, since my friends are fans of this particular WP joint. The Margherita pizza during dinner time was tasty, but didn't have anything differentiating about itself compared to Spinatos or Zachary's...it wasn't as "good" or "original" compared to those two. The cheese and the grease gave me a slight stomach ache. The butter lettuce with the Gorgonzola cheese and bacon was phenomenal, however! For lunch, the starters: Steamed Mussels and the bruschetta are worth a try. Those steamed mussels are pretty tasty; almost comes close to the italians seafood I've enjoyed in Boston.
5	The family and I really enjoyed dinner here.  Fantastic, friendly, well-timed service. My wife had the clam linguine and the pasta was cooked perfectly, the clams (a great portion) were so fresh, and the sauce was light and very tasty.  I had the veal raviolis with mushrooms, and it was so good I mopped up the sauce with bread.
4	Had the tomato bruschetta as an appetizer and the veal scallopini as an entree, both of which were delicious. If you're in Vegas, skip the buffets (which are usually disappointing) and head here instead.
1	I wish I can give no star at all.My wife and I had a long day and couldnt wait to come back to hotel.we ordered food togo but the server is very unhelpful and they got our order wrong.We ordered pasta and salad and they forgot to include the forks. When we call and complain to manager, he claims that they do not provide it unless we have to ask for it. Doe this make sense to you??We have to ask for forks when we ordered pasta and salad??What kind of service is that? manager is the biggest joke of all.Doesn't even understand english.All he said was "comeback and pick it up or ask for forks at your hotel".what a jerk!!! I will never ever go back to this restaurant!!
3	MEH! This place looks so fancy and all but the food is just not worth their prices. I got the clam linguinis and I simply wanted to change it to shrimp since I didn't like clams but they told me that would be an extra 2 dollars! I was like no TY since the linguini was already 14 dollars..... I  also didnt like the fact that they had happy hour but in order to get happy hour you had to sit at the bar. I mean my group was like 8 people and there was no way we wanted to sit at the bar AND eat food. I guess they're just losing business.The bread was good though!
3	having only an hr or so to eat before we went clubbing, this place was close by to the Aria.We sat at the bar for their HH. We orderedpork belly- recommended by the bartender, one dish has 4 sticks, pretty good, well caramelized and yummy.these...mushroom ball things- they were okay.calamari- they were okay, I didn't like them that much, felt like I tasted the oil...the italian sausage pizza- kinda strange flavors...didn't really like it...the mushroom pizza- it was good, but maybe the flavors were standard and typical, so that's why i liked it.overall, wasn't too impressed with what we had. one bartender (the one who sat us) was kind of rude. once he gave us our menus, he practically ignored us. yes he was making sangria, but that shouldn't be your priority. the other bartender Chris, was much nicer...a little weird, but had personality and tried to make convo.Around $80? for 4 ppl. eh, i wouldn't be back...not really.
5	Inside city center and this place can be hard to find. Food, service and atmosphere were all good. Looking forward to going back.
4	I've been here for lunch a couple of times and have had a great experience every times. They have the largest portion of clam linguine and it is always cooked to perfection. The pizza was also delicious and you cannot go wrong with any of them. They also have a happy hour menu if you sit at the bar. Service is attentive but a little slow. Overall, a nice casual lunch spot located in Crystals shopping center.
4	Perhaps this is more of a "quick tip" than a review, but here's what I can say:Sit at the bar.  Order the small bites and a pitcher of sangria, and escape the tremendously high prices around you with above average, branded food at above average prices.WPP&C has a happy-hour-esque bar menu with small bites--like stuffed peppers, mushroom pasta balls, and small-portion paninis.  Prices are reasonable, and the food is tasty, if not particularly different from food you could get at a Wolfgang Puck in an airport.3.5 stars, rounded up because everything else in Crystals includes prices that makes one's head explode.
5	Emmmmm! Order the spaghetti and meatballs. They cannot be beat! We sat at the bar with 8 of us and had a great experience. We will be back.
1	Expensive and pizza was mediocre at best
5	Having spent a week in Vegas with kids, this was the BEST restaurant we visited...and we ate out 2-3 times a day.Great service, outstanding food (we raved about EVERY dish), kids loved splitting the linguini and clams. Fantastic location, ambiance, access to sports in the bar.Reasonably priced as well. We'll be back!
4	Really beautiful place for lunch. The light comes through wonderfully in the Crystals shopping mall and this creates this wonderful open space. Love the modern design. Service was really top notch (the kind you would get at a $$$$ dinner) and the food was good. Ruben and I started with drinks - I got the Pineapple Ginger Mojito, refreshing, light, and delicious. We shared the Calamari served with marinara and pesto aioli. A tad salty, but the breading was lovely and the sauces were wonderful! Then we shared one of the wood-fired pizzas with spicy pepperoni, ricotta, Calabrian hot peppers, and oregano. The dough was delicious and I loved the crust on it, however, the toppings were not as exciting as it sounded on the menu. And I was torn between three selections. For dessert, we shared the tiramisu and it was fabulous! Definitely one of the best tiramisus I've had yet! The mascarpone cheese had little milk chocolate balls suspended in it and those added an unique texture to the delicate dessert. It was a wonderful experience and I definitely want to try other pizzas and maybe some pastas next time, however, I had to give it three stars right now since comparatively to other Italian or pizza joints, not my favorite execution.
4	Went here with the boys in Vegas one weekend.  Being hungover and miserable on a Vegas Sunday is the usual for me and this place got my taste buds rolling!Their pizza is fantastic, the meat and pepporoni pizza is great and they will put on as much fresh grated parmesan cheese that you like!The calamari was just on point too.  I really enjoyed this place because its smack in the middle of the MGM Grand Casino on the way towards the Garden Arena.  Very casual place to walk into and have a great pizza!
4	There was nothing I didn't like about the experience. We started our meal off with the bruschetta which was topped with delicious marinated tomatoes. Then I had the citrus marinated beet salad with goat cheese. Divine! Best salad that I have ever had! My partner had the radish cucumber salad which he said was a little plain (thus only 4 stars). Now for the incredible entrees... I had eggplant Parmesan which was simply incredible, it was served with a pasta which was a perfect balance of rich, creamy, garlicky. Yummy! My partner had the rigatoncini with Piemontese meat sauce and he said it was delicious! And to top it off, our drinks were perfectly made each time.  We didn't order any speciality cocktails but stuck with out favorites; a greyhound and Jack and Coke.Of course, I must mention the service... I was satisfied. Food came out at a nice pace and everybody was friendly and polite.I highly recommend this place especially if you're staying anywhere near Crystals high end shopping mall.
3	Maybe it was just an off day, but the pizza we ordered was just mediocre. The bruschetta was AMAZING, so we had high hopes for our main course, but it fell flat. The cheese didn't taste very fresh and I honestly felt like I could have ordered from one of the stand alone shops on the strip and had a similar result. However, the service was excellent. I would give this place another chance, but I won't go running back.
2	We made a reservation for a party of 20, but when we arrived at the scheduled time, the staff was still "setting up our table" so we had to wait for nearly half an hour to be seated. As we got seated, we had to wait another who knows how long to get some service. Some people were getting impatient, so they went to gamble as we placed their orders in for them. As we all got our food after the others returned, they assumed their orders were still being prepared. 10-15 min later, we had to wave the server down to check on the orders as well as refill our glasses. He comes back to tell us that their orders were never placed and forgets to get us more water on top of that.The food was okay, but for the price we were paying for mediocre food, I wished their service was a bit more attentive. They also charged us a hefty cake cutting fee of $50. FIDDY! They didn't even cut the cake for us!
5	Great service, great food.  Best dinner out of three I had in Las Vegas.
4	Good food and portions. Service and staff were great! I had a pretty satisfying experience (:
3	We were at Crystals and were hungry and saw this place. I have been to their location in City Walk (LA) and like their food so we decided to go here. The bread here was not as good as what they give in City Walk. I had chicken panini and asked for tomatoes to be added, but waiter forgot and had to being it on the side. The panini taste was not to my liking much, but I was hungry and ate half of it.
5	We came here with another couple during the beginning of March Madness. We thought the place would be packed but it wasn't, which surprised us. We got the meatballs as an appetizer and they were great! Every entree we ordered came out great and even better than we expected. I loved the setting of the restaurant also because we could watch people wander around the Crystals mall. If you come here make sure you go to the restroom to check it out, it's definitely different and a very cool design!
1	This place is an embarrassment. Awful service and disgusting food, what a delightful combination at this price. I wish i took a picture of their eggplant pizza, there was a total of four bites that had eggplant on it.Wolfgang puck is a crook and should be ashamed of his hustle.
4	This has become a frequent "go to" place when we visit Vegas. Food is excellent, with good pizza and great pasta dishes. I really enjoy the Rigatocini, my wife likes the Carbonara. Service the last visit was off a bit, but this was unusual.
5	Located inside the AriaI like the set up of the restaurant, simple yet classy.The gf likes it because they play old school black n white movies on one of the wallsService was great. They constantly came around to check up on usOrdered the caesar salad, pretty damn tasty.Ordered the fried calamari, they were flight and not heavy on the batter. Best calamari I've had. I enjoyed the green dipping sauce. Dont really know what it's made from, but it was goodI ordered the veal ravioli with mushrooms. Pretty good, a bit salty but very fillingGF ordered the lasagna. "Feels homemade. This is how lasagna should be." Her words, not mineWas going to order the tiramisu but GF ran out of room. But I saw someone else ordered it and it had a side of chocolate dipping sauce. Looked goodOverall great experience. Kind of pricy, but it's expected from since we were in vegas. Randomly came to this place because we were getting hungry and chose this spot.Great gamble!
1	Service:  sucks. Waited 45  minutes for food. poor waiter they gave him the whole east dude of the restaurant to handle by himself. Food: mediocre to bad. I had the Italian meat pizza. I think dominos pizza is a notch better. Wolfgang... This restaurant is disappointing.
3	This place was disappointing. The Service was excellent, but my pasta was extremely salty and I couldn't help thinking that although the others in my group enjoyed their meals,it wasn't good enough for the prices. They did give a complimentary dessert to apologize for the salty dish which i appreciated. Probably wont go back though..
5	After wandering around the Strip aimlessly for a half hour looking for decent places to eat that won't break the bank and that aren't filled with all the crazies that hit up Vegas on Memorial Day Weekend, we ended up on Wolfgang's Pizzeria in the Crystal's shopping center between Aria and the Cosmopolitan. It wasn't my first choice since I've eaten at his restaurants several times before, but his restaurants never let me down. I forget which cocktail I had exactly--just remember that it was good. We had the Italian Cured Meat Platter with pepper relish (which i could have eaten by itself with a spoon) and the Wood Fired pizza with sausage, ramps, and peppers. Both were classic and delicious as expected. Our waitress was friendly, easy-going, and prompt. And the atmosphere was very chill.
1	We expected better food. It tasted like California Pizza Kitchen. Not impressed !
4	Marinated olives and sopressata sandwich are great selections from the midday Tapas menu. The sangria by the pitcher will get you back on track if your suffering from a Las Vegas hangover.
5	Very good! Great service! Great food! Decent prices $20-25 per entree! Would recommend!
4	Solid, solid Italian food in Vegas!  We made reservations for a Sunday night but we didn't need them as it was pretty empty at 8pm.  We ordered my favorite Roman pasta dish (cacio e pepe) as an app and loved it!  I have never seen this on a menu in the States so I was really impressed that they had it.  The cheese was fresh and the pepper gave it the perfect kick...I'd order this as my meal next time!Then we got our dinners - my husband got some dddeeelicous meatballs and pasta I got pasta with meat sauce and it was GOOD.  Like, so good I wanted to go back for dinner the next day!  The pasta was al dente and the meat sauce was thick and flavorful and stuck right to the pasta.Our server was quick and attentive.  We never had low waters and he was always around if we had a question or needed something.  The ONLY thing I didn't like about this place was that they didn't give bread unless you asked for it, and we actually had to ask twice before they brought it out to us.  Prices were pretty standard for a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, and the quality of food was worth it!
4	solid meal nuff said
4	After numerous Vegas trips passing by this restaurant I finally stopped in for a bite to eat - and I definitely do not regret it. Wolfgang's pizzas were fantastic. Thin crust with just the right amount of sauce and toppings. I could go as far to say that it might turn into one of my top favorite places to dine at on the strip. The atmosphere was casual, the services was friendly and quick, and the food left me craving for more. I tried: | Spicy Pepperoni, Calabrian chili, and Fresh Ricotta Pizza | Marghertia, Mozzarella, San Marzano Tomatoes, Basil Pizza.  I drank: | Mint Basil Ice Team - So refreshing!
4	I usually don't write a review of a restaurant "chain" but I'm going to make an exception for this Puck location. The pizza crust here is probably the best I have ever tasted. It's a very thin crust made from a sourdough base. Outstanding! My partner and I also sampled two different salads during lunch and loved both of them. The service was top notch and prices aren't that bad for a "Strip" location. It is located on the 2nd level Crystals. They offer an all day happy hour that features some drink and app specials. The restroom setup is a bit unorthodox.
4	I've been home from vegas for a few days now, and I am still fantasizing about the lamb with fettuccine, and the goat-cheese stuffed peppers. 9 of us went to dinner for my cousins 21st celebration, and none of us left dissatisfied. We did the set family style menu. I could almost hear the grumblings from my sister, the worlds pickiest eater. Even she left happy. Sure, she didn't like the lamb or the goat cheese, but she said the ravioli and the chicken was to die for. What can I say, when I eat, I go for the weird stuff, not the stuff you can get anywhere. So I trust her judgement. One of our appetizers was an antipasti tray (its where the goat-cheese pepper came from ) and it was amazing. The meats, cheeses, and peppers were all beautifully prepared. The service was good, nothing spectacular but overall very good. Our desserts came out disproportionately late...as in 45+ after our main course was cleared. And were not even offered coffee first. Additionally, I was a little weirded out by the location,,,I am not the biggest fan of feeling like I am in the middle of a mall (oh wait, I was). I think the ambiance could be a smidge better. Overall, wonderful experience. I'd come back in the future, but by the time I get back out West, I will have another 30 restaurants I'd like to try first.
2	Decent food, but a long wait for a large party of 8.  Not worth the money when you can go to better environments for the same price.  2 people with drink l, appetizer, and entree was $100+.
1	Tried twice to visit Wolfgang Puck's in Las Vegas (City Center) and L.A. (L.A Live). Both times we arrived 90 minutes before closing time and we were told we couldn't have a table because it was too late! Their lack of professionalism it's incredible. They shouldn't Write a closing time if it is not going to be implemented! I'm sure that the neighboring restaurants appreciate this apparently sistematic way of managing their businesses.
4	Went to Puck's, last minute, for dinner with family. Located in Crystals Mall on the Strip near Aria, it has a bright semi open space, with a nice small bar area. Only had to wait 10 minutes for a Friday night walk-in around 9PM. Staff was adequately attentive.Overall, food was good. I tried the grilled ribeye steak, which was probably the priciest entree on the menu at $40. But it was cooked perfectly to my order (medium rare) with an unctuous reduction sauce which I wish I had more off. Topped off, it had a nice stem of mushrooms and blackened green chiles. (which was a nice touch of heat) to the dish. A perfectly acceptable opening meal night in Vegas. Nothing too fancy or spend, but good food still.Sampled the tiramisu dessert at the end. Tasted really good. It had these nice chocolate beads in the creamy layer that added a surprising little crunch to the dish.Even though it's a mainly pasta/pizza & some seafood place, I can safely recommend the ribeye here. Enjoy the good eats.
2	Expensive veal scallopini tasted like it was from the OLIVE GARDEN. The service was a little slow. Overpriced.   They need a menu do over
2	My husband was craving for thin crust pizza so we came here.  I was excited to taste the linguine and clams, but they were all out.  I was bummed.  I had another type of seafood pasta; I forgot the name.  It had calamari, shrimp, and clams in an angel hair pasta.  It was okay and had a kick to the sauce.  I wasn't too impressed with the service.
5	Ate here on the 17th aug on a Saturday evening. We were seated straight away no waiting. I ordered one of the woodfire pizzas and my friend had some sort of seafood pasta dish.My pizza was delicious, perfectly cooked, not too much topping, base lovely and crisp. My friend also said her pasta was delicious too, full of flavour and a generous sized portion.Our server was very attentive without being intrusive. The atmosphere is very laid back and lovely within the restaurant it's self. Overall great food, great service. Would definitely return!
4	This might at first sound like a generic choice for lunch or dinner on the strip. However, it's not. Simple ingredients cooked well. I always enjoy eating here. There was a pizza we liked that had corn on it but they don't offer it anymore. Last time I had salmon and a side of cauliflower. Simple but cooked to perfection. I highly enjoyed it.
5	A wedding rehearsal dinner group had an amazing time here! Wow- I really loved it! A lot- anyone having a wedding at the Aria or a nearby hotel should DEFINITELY consider having a reception here! So we had a room in the restaurant that I wish I would have photographed so that others on here could see. It was super nice, elegant but not stuffy. It was perfect for the dinner. We had around 3 dozen, but my guess is you could probably add another dozen or two. The food was awesome. A few appetizers and pizzas were selected for the tables and were all very good. The pizzas were particularly excellent!! I would definitely come back here just for the pizza. Most everyone enjoyed there meals or loved their meals that came afterward. The only ding I would give them is that the drinks were a bit on the very weak side; however they tasted fantastically!The bride mentioned how easy it was for her to work with the staff to make this event happen, and they decided to go with WPP&C on a last minute change of plans and they worked with them seamlessly. I will definitely head back here next time I am in Vegas, which is often, and will tell friends!!
5	NEED MORE STARS! The place was off the hook! Lets start with the ambience, nice & cozy for dinner while still being open enough for people watching (my favorite pass time). The service was lovely, our server was VERY educated, he knew everything there was to know about the menu & all the ingredients on it to the way each dish was prepared. The bruschetta was the best I've ever had. The olive oil they used was DELICIOUS with a slight sweetness. For my entree I had the fried eggplant, the best I've ever had as well. It was flash fried & then baked which creates absolute perfection, no oily or mushiness which is usually the issue with eggplant dishes. My aunt had the Veal ravioli with brown butter & sage. She thoroughly enjoyed it, I don't eat veal so I didn't try it, but I tasted one of the mushrooms so I could taste the sauce.... Phenomenal! I will definitely be returning here in the near future!
3	I give this place 3 stars for the food but the service and atmosphere were lacking.  I think we saw the Wolfgang Puck name and expected something more, when the reality is he probably slaps his name on many Vegas establishments.  We rarely saw our waiter and it truly felt like we were dining in the middle of the mall.  That said, the lasagna was good, as was the brick chicken with grilled corn and pancetta.  The fried calamari could have been cooked a bit longer (was very pale colored) but was served with delicious sauces (tomato sauce and pesto aioli).  If you're looking for something casual, you'll probably enjoy the food.  If you're looking for a nice night out, there are hundreds of other nice restaurants to choose from on the strip.
5	I'm so glad this place was inside the Aria because it made me fall in love and appreciate the architecture inside Aria just from sitting at the restaurant. The restaurant is simple yet classy. I love how they project old B&W films on the back wall near the bar, definitely different from anything I've seen at ANY pizzeria!We started off with the Caesar salad and fried calamari. The calamari tasted surprisingly light, it was the best I've ever had. It also came with 3 different dipping sauces that varied from the Mild to Spicy type spectrum.I ordered the lasagna and was not disappointed at all because it just felt so homemade and was well balanced in regard to cheese, herbs and meat. My boyfriend got the veal and mushroom ravioli and said he enjoyed it. Didn't end up getting dessert cause I was already stuffed and super satisfied.I would definitely want to come back to try their other dishes! This was a perfect, random find.
3	I liked the fact that it wasn't your standard pizza:)The pizza was good but nothing to call home about.
4	they have amazing pizza and great service!!
5	Delicious food and great service.  We went with a big group and were not disappointed. Pizza is yumalicious.
3	Good location, and prices are really reasonable for Vegas. The service was great and professional. The food was OK--the pizza and the bruschetta were just fine. The sangria was good.
4	I would like to give this place 5 stars, on the basis of their accommodating and welcoming attitude to my 3 kids. However, the food and service has to be absolutely impeccable for such an accolade. It was very good mind you. BUT, I've had better crusts on wood-fired pizzas and much nicer fish and chips. That said, their wood-grilled salmon was lush (not sure why they choose Scottish over fabulous American alternatives - and I'm a Brit myself!) and everything was so fresh. They were charmingly flexible, when one member of our group wanted banana rather than berries on his ice cream, for example. I'm happy to continue eating here for the duration of our stay.
5	FANTASTIC! Finally Italian food made correctly, not dumbed down for LV. everything was perfect- the pastas, bread, salads, service. If you don't like their food, you need to go back to Olive Garden. Ha!
3	Logistically, I just don't understand this place.  They will not actually seat you until 5 and our group of 10 was there for an early dinner.  We waited at the bar and ordered some drinks off the happy hour menu which was an excellent value.  The red sangria was amazing although a lot of the small pieces of fruit were orange peels that you can't actually eat.  Anyways, how do you not allow a party to transfer the tab over to the table???!?  Seriously, with all the technological advances why would you inconvenience the customer so?  The bartender also rudely informed us we were not allowed to order any happy hour apps since we were moving to a table.  I must say I was relieved that the night began to take a turn for the better.  We had the calamari, the shrimp scampi, the platter of meats, the prosciutto, and the special flatbread pizza as appetizers.  The prosciutto and the meats were the best apps although I'd order all of them again.  I was more impressed with the complimentary bread and the appetizers than I was with my entree of linguine and clams which was pretty standard.  Good amount of clams and good pasta but it is hard to over deliver on such a dish.  The tiramisu was excellent and a nice portion.  Overall, the apps are a 5, the entree 4, and the service was a dud.  If you're not in a hurry and don't need a lot of attentiveness from you're waiter, then this place ultimately is a great value, especially in the location.  Sounds like they need some better management and logistics.
4	Great experience, awesome pizza, superb service, location easy to find and get to.
5	The food here is excellent!We had the Baby Kale Salad and 2 pizzas.  The salad was so delicious that I am trying to recreate it at home.  We ordered a plain margarita pizza then added our own toppings, my side was without cheese. It was consumed so quickly and seeing we had a long drive back to PHX, we ordered the same exact pizza again!  Its safe to say we were full.The location is inside the Crystals Mall, which is a beautiful indoor high end mall.
5	My husband and I just returned from our Wedding weekend at the Aria and this was my favorite meal. It wasn't the fanciest ( we had dinner at Jean George and Social House), but it was the best.We ate a late lunch on Sunday afternoon. I wish that I could remember our servers name, because she deserves special recognition. She was super friendly and welcoming, quick with gray recommendations and always checking on us to make sure that we were happy. She was great!We each had a pizza. I customized a basic pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms and olives. It was fantastic! I ate every bite. We saw a foursquare tip to order White Sangria. We had a pitcher and it was amazing. Even if you don't plan on eating here, go to the bar and have the Sangria, trust me. My husband ordered the cookie selection for dessert and loved them so much, that we bought more to take home to California. They were the best ginger snaps that he had ever eaten.Our server even gave me an extra glass of iced tea in a to-go cup.Great service, great food and nice vibe. I look forward to dining here again!
1	Wow, this place serves the SALTIEST clam linguini I have ever tasted!  No exaggeration - it may well have been the saltiest dish I have ever been served.  Ever.  I ate here with two friends, and two of us ordered the linguini and our other friend had the bolognese.  Not one of us could even eat the food without first putting lemon juice on it to neutralize the saltiness.  Not to mention that my friend's linguini had most of the creamy sauce in it while mine was mostly butter and herbs (they were made in the same pan, so wtf?!) I've always known Wolfgang Puck's restaurant was nothing to write home about, but this experience was extremely disappointing.  It wasn't cheap, either.  And no soda refills were offered, just weird tasting tap water.  Which also needed lemon just to make it tolerable.  Ridiculous.
5	I love this place! Always great food and great service. It's never overwhelmingly busy and has a great comfortable vibe. Order anything and you will enjoy it!
5	Kinda of a sleeper hit.  Although really pretty in very elegant crystals, it doesnt have the over the top, loud decor /presence you expect from a very branded wolfgang puck in over the top vegas.  It actually has some class, lol. Pricing very reasonable and portions good.All the food was very good, not one item that couldve been prepared better:-Calamari- wow that pesto sauce-Butterleaf salad w hazelnuts-Antipasto Salad-Veal Raviloi- decadent-Chicken Picatta, and panini so good and very nicely presented-Pizza- perfect crust-In the running for best tiramisu ever
4	Just ate there this past weekend on a girls Vegas trip. The service was good, made a reservation on Open Table with no problem, and the rescheduled us when we were running late. The restaurant is in a great location and doesn't get too packed which is nice. As for the food, it was very well presented and was very tasty. Not too big portions also! So over-all good experience!
5	Amazing!!  I come to Vegas every couple of months and this is a Gem, amazing food, great service, and good prices.  I have had many different things on the menu and it is all excellent.
5	Well from the taste of the food, you can definitely tell this place was created by a chef.  I looked at the menu to review what I had, but I don't even know the name of the starter I ordered. Well, the menu doesn't really go by a "name" instead they just list out what the dishes are, which is kinda nice for the non-bilingual.For the starter.. It was just a pile of mozzarella with what looked like uncooked bacon with green seasoning ontop. Wasn't really a fan of the fatty meat, but the cheese was good all on its own.Now for my meal. The Panini: Mozzarella, Basil Pesto, Insalata Mista, Creamy Tomato Soup - I had NO idea what Insalata Mista was, but apparently it's a salad. It was so YUMMY! I thought the prices of these would be outrageous but I was completely wrong. My Panini was a reasonable $16. The staff was so kind, and the place is gorgeous. There's not one thing I can complain about... Here's a 5!
4	Good food, Good service, Great experience
4	Had two meals here during our stay. Both were very good. Sometimes with restaurants associated with well known chefs can kind of be hit or miss especially when said chef is not on the premise and has MANY restaurants nationwide. This location of Wolfgang Puck happily bucks this trend.The kale salad is super yummy as is the antipasto salad (although I ate around the salami) we shared a pizza (basically because we had our eye on dessert) although you could pretty easily consume one all by yourself.The tiramisu was very artfully plated and different than many preparations I have had. The four cheese ravioli is really yummy as well. The wine/cocktail list is fun.
5	This Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina is located inside the Crystals shopping center on the 2nd floor. My husband and I came here for lunch before we headed to the airport and were seated right away; the hostess and server were very nice and friendly from arrival to departure.We also liked the food here a lot, we had steamed mussels as appetizer, the sausages in the mussels were very tasty and mussels were perfectly cooked,  just the sizes were kind of small. I also had their special fish of the day, it was very tender and flavorful. Husband ordered their Beef Carpaccio and Steak Tartar and he liked it so much that he finished the everything in 5min.We also ordered some of their red wine, I can't remember the name of it but it was recommended by the server; it was very smooth and flavorful, I wish we have more time to hang out there and try more food and wine.We'll be back!
4	A bit expensive, but very tasty. Had the turkey panini & veal ravioli.
4	Service 5 stars!Pork belly with balsamic yummy:-)Crispy arancini great... Roasted pepper aioli the bomb!!!Great deal on Kids meal!I apologize for late review came here several months ago.
5	I looked up Wolfgang Puck's different restaurants and decided on the Pizzeria & Cucina. It is located inside the Aria above Starbucks. I came here between lunch and dinner, and not surprisingly, it wasn't busy, so I sat at the bar. They have a happy hour menu, but despite the name, it's actually available all day, seven days a week.To start, I had a glass of the red wine sangria, which was wonderfully sweet. It ended up being one of the best-tasting sangrias I've ever had. For an appetizer, I tried the grilled pork belly with balsamic glaze. Quite small, but I loved how it was so tender on the inside with a crunchy exterior. For my main entree, I had a half order of spaghetti and meatballs. Some of the pasta dishes are available in a half size, so just ask. Spaghetti and meatballs seem so simple, but they did it perfectly! They also gave me complimentary bread with butter and red pepper flakes when asked. The bartender was attentive, and service was excellent overall. Really enjoyed my experience here!
5	Two of us came here for lunch and we ordered prime beef cappacio, linguine with clams in white wine garlic oil base, and cheese panini with tomato soup. Everything was great, I never seen places using huge clams to make linguine as they did, and the service was very satisfying.
3	I thought the place was overpriced but then what isn't in Las Vegas these days. $12 cocktail? Hmmm...aren't the casino's still giving them out for free? The food was good but if you're looking for a hot dish, expect it to be a degree or two above cool. I felt like my dish was in the kitchen waiting to be picked up by the waiter for a while. Overall, it tasted fresh and I enjoyed it.
5	Great food. Spaghetti with meatballs yummy along with pizza  & boar ragu pasta. Happy hr at bar all day.
5	We have come here multiple times, every time we are in Vegas. The wild boar pasta is phenomenal, and the sangria is great and very well priced. My husband and I LOVE this place! Great value and amazing food, especially for Vegas.
5	They have excellent service here. The servers were on top of it. They were very friendly and attentive. I tried the mushroom pizza and the crust was just divine. I had more than one Moscow Mules. It's a must try.
4	Good food and good selection of wines. Attractive pricing given the premium nature of most sit down restaurants in Vegas.
2	This place is reasonably priced for Vegas, but I would skip it and go to somewhere a little more expensive but not order as much.We had lunch here and ordered a salad, pizza, and a panini. All lacked in flavor. The pizza was thin and I could hardly taste the sauce, and the prosciutto tasted low quality. The panini was basically a piece of bread with bits and bobs of cheese and pork. The bread was okay, and it wasn't toasted/pressed properly. Was completely disappointed in every facet of my experience here, service, the booths have weird cushions that sink when you sit down, and we ordered a drink and it turned out to be "mini" size, was expecting regular size.  Don't bother coming here.
5	Great service and great food. Ordered the bruschetta. The bread it was on was soft and fresh. The Italian sausage pizza was delicious.
4	This place is pretty good & reasonable. It's convenient if you're staying at the Aria because it's in the Crystal Shops.The space is cute.We had a pizza margherita & a pizza with eggplant & spinach. Both were very tasty. I have to say that I didn't think the margherita looked as good  as it actually tasted. It had a good amount of basil too :)Note:Each pizza serves 1 person. They are the thin Italian type of pizzas.
4	Came to the bar and ordered a carafe of their red wine sangria and a margarita pizza.  Bartender was cool, I had a question about a particular beer they had on tap and he provided me a sample.  Service was very good, pizza was very good and so was the sangria.  No complaints from me.
5	Best meal I've had in Vegas for the price. The service is Amazing! We all came in wearing black, the waiter immediately switched our white napkins for black so we wouldn't get white linen pieces on our clothes :) They asked if anyone at the table had any allergies, seeing as we had both a nut & shellfish allergy at the table we thought that was fantastic!  The water was always filled, the manager checked in & they always showed up right when we needed them. No hovering or over-checking in.I had gotten a $100 gift card from Bellagio for different shops in the Crystal Shops (I much prefer the outlets on the way out)......the only food/drink options were here & Starbucks....If it weren't for the gift card I probably would have never stopped hereI took 3 friends...together we got 4 different mixed drinks (cranberry margarita, moscow mule, lemon drop & a beer) everything was cold & strong. We got the sausage appetizer, ravioli, carbonara, a margarita pizza & soup. The soup and ravioli portion was kinda small, but the raviolis were stuffed. Half of the pizza & carbonara went back to the room with us.All the food came out quick, it was hot & everything tasted good. The pizza & carbonara were especially yummy.4 people, 5 alcoholic drinks, 4 meals & an appetizer - $150
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE their bruschetta appetizer!  Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I always stop by in the Crystals shopping mall to dine at Wolfgang Puck.  The restaurant is very relaxed and comfortable.  I usually dress casually when dining here.  Definitely recommend trying the veal ravioli; it is amazing.  I've tried one of their pizzas which has the crushed red peppers on them.... THEY ARE SPICY! Super super spicy so watch out.  The price of the food is a bit high but they do have happy hour items served specifically at the bar seats.
2	Very fancy and great location/service, but food left much to be desired.  This is a see and be seen place not a foodies paradise.
4	Great pizza in a lovely and quiet place away from the crazy strip. If you're on your own, absolutely perfect to sit by the bar and all the staff will make sure you're not sat in silence for an hour or so. Great place.
4	I made a reservation here for my sister-in-law's 30th birthday dinner. We were able to be seated right away and had a great night. The food was delicious (most folks had pizza)! I especially loved the cauliflower side dish. The chilis were an awesome touch! Initially, the service was a little slow but once our food orders were taken the staff was around constantly for drink refills and the like. They also provided a yummy birthday dessert for the guest-of-honor. I would definitely go back!
5	Very cool and casual place for great Italian food..I loved the ravioli with wild mushrooms and margherita pizza was awesome. .great value
4	I made my own pizza and it was delicious. I don't eat cheese and for some reason, people have a really hard time understanding that and it always comes out with a little sprinkle of parmasean at the least. Not here! Pizza was made perfectly and was delicious. Crust was delicious and the veggies and meats were very flavorful.
5	Amazing food!! Everything from the octopus salad to the pizza and eggplant parm were out of this world! Great prices. Great music. Great service!! A must go!!
5	The set up was beautiful overlooking the Crystals shops in City Center.  Started with the shrimp scampi which was absolutely delicious, the perfect mix of spice and garlic with elegant presentation. While the service was attentive and the environment very calming, it seemed easy and enjoyable to take in the moment.  We decided to go with the margarita pizza, and when it arrived at the table it was hard not to be eager for the first bite.  You could taste the freshness of the ingredients, and the flavor of a true gourmet pizza was delicious. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to any travelers and locals looking for an intimate, and affordable, gourmet experience.
1	Turkey panini was good but they served my coworker a chicken panini that was raw in the end. Service was ok. Wish they would've checked it better. That could be dangerous.
4	Our lunch here this week was SO good. The Italian sausage pizza with smoked mozzarella and peppers was amazing-- so many flavors in each bite. I didn't think the crust was anything to write home about, but the toppings really blew my mind.The butter lettuce salad was also solid. Hit the spot!
5	Wolfgang Puck at Crystals! Good food, Nice spot and Nice staff :) Entrees ranges to $20-40 which is not bad, Pasta around $17-30 ! Good price for a delicious meal. My favorite meal so far in this restaurant is the Carbonara cause they used Pancetta instead of the regular bacon and The Lasagna!
2	Everything here was a step above olive garden and just underwhelming.  We took our reps out for a quick dinner before the evening started to really roll.  The pastas were all a little overdone and not quite to our liking.  I mean it is really cheap and located in the shopping mall within citycenter.  Check out other places to really enjoy pucks culinary delights.  It just seems like they didn't get it right here.  The salads were actually pretty good though.  But they charge extra for anchovies.  Kinda shitty to charge extra for a salad that cost as much as a pizza.Cheers and good luck!
4	The pizza here is really good!  Also try the Red wine Sangria...it was amazing.  The only reason I give 4 stars is that after ordering a $8 bottle of san Pellegrino, I found an oily film on the surface of my glass, it was probably parmesan.  I informed the waitress and she could have given us a new bottle or taken it off our bill.  Pretty much half the bottle had to be thrown out.  The food was great though and I'd recommend it, nice location and ambiance as well.
5	Pizza here was great. It was really nice inside the Crystals Shopping center. Eating inside Crystals made me feel like I was a high roller's wife spending the big bucks. Even though Wolfgang Puck's is actually very reasonable in pricing. I would absolutely go back again.
5	We came here on a Thursday night with a reservation and had no wait time. The space is really nice and the tables are well spaced out. The service was great, friendly, funny waiter who was attentive and polite in spite of the fact that we weren't ordering the most expensive thing on the menu. We got the Chicken Piccata and the Pork Milanese, both were phenomenal: great portion sizes, yummy sauces, nice presentation, and both around $25. Highly recommend.
3	We stopped by for a quick bite before shopping. We walked in and was seated momentarily. We weren't expecting much from our meal here as it was more of a fast lunch for us. The food quality etc. here is a little better to what you would find at any California Pizza Factory. There was no "wow" factor to our meal, but it was still enjoyable. Below is what we ordered for two adults: Wood Fired Oven Pizza Barbeque Chicken Pizza $16 (I no longer see this item on their menu)It was delicious! Wood Fired Oven Pizza Wild Mushroom, Bechamel, Fontina,Thyme, Arugula $14 This pizza was good too...great choice for vegetarians! Caesar SaladCreamy Garlic Dressing, Parmesan Croutons, White Anchovies $12Overall, The food was better than the service. The service was below average in my honest opinion. It wasn't busy when we went, yet we constantly had to flag down the server when we needed something because he never bothered  to check on us or refill our drinks etc. once the food was served. We would probably give them another chance as the food was good, and it's conveniently located in the Crystals.
4	Excellent pizza place.  I had the Italian meat pizza and it was great.  Service was good too. Caesar salad was good but not great.
4	Pleasant atmosphere, tables not too close together.Friendly professional service - except I don't like the way they try to offer you bottled water instead of just tap.Spaghetti with meat balls were very very good. Good pizza too, big enough to share between two really.Have eaten here before and had the octopus salad which was really fresh and tasty too.
4	Wow, I was not expecting such a tasty meal from (what appeared to be) a mall food court style spot.  The bar and dining area were all open to the mall 'elements' and simply decorated with no linens on the tables and basic glass/flatware. However...the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful in making suggestions from the menu. EVERYTHING was delicious! We started with the Tomato Bruschetta, Grilled Ciabatta, Basil Pesto, Parmesan Reggiano as an appetizer, it was unique and perfectly balanced in flavor. We also ordered the Margherita pizza, Italian Sausage pizza, Baby Kale salad, and Garganelli Carbonara. Everyone in our party was satisfied and raved about the great flavors.  I was thoroughly impressed, especially for the price!
5	Eric was a great waiter for our wine pairing with MyVegas.com. Explained our pairings well and went to get answers when we questioned him. He did a great job and the food was great too.   We had the linguine with clam sauce and brick chicken.
3	Atmosphere is great as restraunts is modern and has a nice open environment.  Food was good, nothing extremely special though in the food department as I felt it was normal. My husband and I both got the pizza and although it was good it was nothing to write home about.
5	Love this restaurant! Excellent food and service All The Time! The spaghetti and meatballs are the best ever.  Reasonable prices and great atmosphere. My favorite restaurant on the strip.
3	The food was good and this is nice place for a simple lunch.  It's location at city center provides for a more quiet sit down place.  They also split the salad for us which was a nice gesture.  Both pizzas were very tasty, we had the Mushroom and the spicy pepperoni.  However the spicy was not spicy at all.  I would have provided 4 stars but our food took forever.  I think it was a kitchen screw up but the hostess should have noticed and provided a simple apology.
4	Very Very good pizza.  Enjoyed ourselves very much.  Had Sangria which was delicious.  Loved the circular appearance of the restaurant allowed you to see what was going on without being completely in the mix of all the chaos.  Located in one of the chic new hotels this last few years.  First time in the crystal shops.  Used open table to book a reservation and worked great!
4	I went here to kill some time while the wife shopped; have some sangria at the bar and had a long conversation about food with the bartender.  The sangria was little too sweet so he took it off the bill and made me another delicious cocktail.  I finally ordered a few apps which were good but the one that really got me excited was pizza lardo.  It's cured pig fat on top of a piece of pizza dough.  Its sounds gross but since I never tried it and I'm a big prosciutto fan I figured I should give it a try.  It was amazing; I actually went back the next day to order it again but it was a special and they didn't have anymore.  Great service, good food and a new experience gives it 4 stars.
4	Service was slow and the waitresses see our our order, but the manageable promptly fixed the error and overall we had a very positive experience.
4	Only stopped by to partake in Happy Hour to go.The service was excellent! We ordered the Cauliflower and the Sweet Peppers stuffed with Goat Cheese appetizers that were also excellent!!Looking forward to revisiting to try more food & drink.
5	It's such a great restaurant. We were able to sit "outside", which is beautiful with the fake sky in the mall area. The servers were fast and super nice. We barely have to wait for anything. We ordered:Tomato soup--creamy and rich flavor, and service with a "toast", well balance.Salmon pizza (with caviar)--very delicious, smoke and regular salmon topping, well balance. But you have to drink lots of water afterward.Bolognese pasta--decent pasta. The meat is a little too salty, but the pasta is perfectly cook.The waiter split our dishes without us asking which is very considerate.
4	Made a reservation here, because apparently reading comprehension isn't my strong point in Vegas (read from this what you will) I thought we made the reservation at the Wolfgang restaurant in MGM, but it turned out for the best! Our reservation was for 7, arrived just in time and were sat almost immediately. We all ordered pizzas, and they were the perfect size for us (with no leftovers which is a blessing as hotel rooms are not equipped with microwaves.)The prices are pretty reasonable for a restaurant with a well known namesake, and the people watching is OK in the middle of the mall dedicated to high end fashion.End note: You can tell people you ate at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, and let them assume you spent $$$$, pizza is always a good time.
5	Lovely atmosphere and clean. Staff was attentive and friendly, always there to top off a glass or take an empty plate, but never seeming to hover. Our group split three salads and three pizzas (my favorites being the bet salad and wild mushroom pizza), and they split every salad beautifully so that each player looked like it was a full salad. Lunch for six plus a bottle of wine was around $110, pretty amazing for Vegas. I've never tried Wolfgang's pizzeria before definitely will for a satisfying, delicious meal with menu choices to please everyone in your party.
4	I went with my gal pals for my birthday dinner because I'm a huge Wolfgang Puck fan. Spago is my favorite! I wanted to try this place out and I was definitely impressed. The servers made me feel special and the food was delicious.I had the Venison ravioli and my brother had the margharita pizza. He never eats the crust and this pizza was so good that he ate everything. My ravioli was buttery and delicious. Everyone highly enjoyed their food.The ambience is certainly more casual but helps things feel light and friendly.The only downside is that this dinner took 3.5 hours! The first course took a while to come out so that was a little bit upsetting. Overall the food was good enough so I'll definitely be back
4	We were looking for a casual dinner on the first night of our staycation at Mandarin Oriental, so we chose this restaurant inside of Crystals. We were impressed by the modern dining room and, although casual, there was a taste of elegance in the warm, inviting decor. And since it's pretty open on the second floor of Crystals, you can do some good people-watching while you dine. My husband called ahead and told them we were celebrating my birthday (which was the next day). The hostess greeted me by name and wished me a happy birthday, which I thought was nice. Everyone was extremely attentive throughout the entire meal. Waters never went empty, we were never left alone for long, and they checked on us frequently without being overbearing. We tried the Caesar salad, chicken piccata, and margherita pizza. All were delicious. I don't like capers, but I pushed them to the side of the chicken and thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The pizza was very good - fresh tasting sauce and cheese on a softer crust and, although I've never been, it's what I imagine a fresh pizza would taste like in Italy. For dessert we tried the zeppoles. What an interesting take on a simple Italian dessert. They were filled with a creamy orange custard and served with caramel dipping sauce. Delightful! They had a very nice wine list and a full bar (happy hour at the bar all day, every day. If I'm in the area I'll definitely stop in for a drink and a nosh!). Also, this restaurant has a "Compliments of the Chef" locals program in place that entitles locals to preferred seating, priority reservations, and a free dessert per couple. Just tell them you're local!
4	We were looking for a casual dinner spot for our first night in Las Vegas. The menu at Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria and Cucina appealed to everyone in our party. The food did not disappoint. I had the caramelized onion, guanciale, and goat cheese pizza. The crust was light and chewy, the toppings were delicious. Husband was very happy with his Italian meat pizza. Other entrees enjoyed were the eggplant parmesan and linguine with steamed clams. Service was excellent. And the people watching opportunities were fantastic.
3	Food awesome. Service average. Waitress was a " drive by" waitress. Stopped by often enough but only to ask the obligatory question and often times never stayed long enough to hear our answer.
4	Food is just what we expected, great! The service was super slow! We just happened to hit this restaurant on a Friday night and they got slammed right after we ordered drinks. They said it was due to surrounding events that caused them to be unusually busy. It took way too long for us to get our drinks and that was right before the major rush hit.The atmosphere was casual and a bit on the noisy side. Very brightly lit! It is in the middle of a main shopping area. Kind of fun for people watching. I didn't care for my Moscow Mule cocktail. I sent it back. Not sure how they make theirs and couldn't keep the waiter long enough to find out, but they replaced it with another drink. We understood how busy it was, but the waiter didn't even try to explain and or apologize. Nor check back with us on how our food was. We had to ask for the manager. They did comp one of our beers for the wait. We had Alfredo, Pizza and Eggplant. All of which were delicious! We recommend Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria! Just check to see how busy they are before you sit down! Vegas can be so unpredictable!
4	The beet salad with goat cheese was sweet and had perfectly blended flavors.  The atmosphere is okay as it is in the middle of a shopping area; our table was right by the escalator.
4	excellent food and the waiter was outstanding.was my wife's birthday July 4th and he had a great dessert with a sparkler candle in itrecommend to anyone
4	Grilled cheese with pesto was amazing. One of the best I've tasted. My friend and I had the same dish. We asked to substitute fries for the salad and they brought us fries and salad but no soup (which the dish comes with) but they quickly rectified the situation and brought us the soup. Really delicious!
5	Excellent bruschetta. Children's cheesy pasta amazing to be sure. Be sure to have the sausage with onions and cherry peppers pizza.  It's the thinnest crust of your dreams!!Excellent service too.  Final note I was glad to see Wolfgang hadn't gone cheap on the kids crayons. He still used Crayolas.  :-)
1	Server and food was very great. Everything was nice except the hostess was not very friendly. Made me not want to eat there at all (at least in my opinion).
4	Delicious food and elegant atmosphere.The waiter was very nice; if the lady at the reception could smile a little bit, then things would be all perfect. So actually I will give this a 4.9 star. Definitely worth trying when you are in Las Vegas. Actually arranging a good meal in Las Vegas i s a little bit difficult.
2	It is the last night of our long weekend in Las Vegas.  We wanted Italian and came here based on the 4-Star Yelp review.The food isn't here yet but I started the review anyway because of the lack of service. We sat around for over half an hour only to have water and place our drink and food order.  We weren't even served any bread. I asked the Hostess about when we were seated and told her about our situation. She then got the Manager to check on us.  We couldn't convey our complaint right then because the Manager came over right at the same time as the server brought us the drinks. The bread was brought out but I had to ask for small plates for the bread. The Manager later on brought out two small plates of cheese stuffed peppers to hold us over. At this time, Mr. Puck's pizzeria & cucina gets a negative 3 stars for the lack of service.So when the food finally came, my friend's salad came at the same time as the entree. WTF?  Also, the server did not know who ordered what. We were at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar last night. The server knew exactly which one of us ordered what.  Then, we were not offered fresh cheese or peppers. Maybe it is just not their standard practice. As far as the taste of the food is concerned, it is top-notch as always.  So the food gets 5 Stars but the poor service made the whole experience not so good. When the bill came, the stuffed peppers were complementary, but there was no discount or free anything to make up for the seriously lackluster service. A major mistake. With so many top restaurants in Las Vegas, I think this place seriously needs a service makeover.
4	Veal ravioli with wild mushrooms and sauce wonderful. Hubby says pizza was fair, he is a pizza lover with high expectations.
5	Fantastic food, great service!  The best meal of our trip at almost half the cost of other swanky restaurants on the strip.
4	Well, everything in Vegas seems to "stand out" and this place's design is no exception. We had 7 people in our group and apparently there were only a few tables that could fit all of us...one of which was located in an unusual spot. Our table was behind the big sign at the entrance and also behind one of the big support pillars. You can barely see us from inside the restaurant but from the outside, we're in plain view. It felt weird because we were literally right next to the escalator and the entrance so people were walking right by us and staring...kind of like when people look at the primate enclosures at the zoo. One side of the table had chairs and the other side had a really low couch; when I sat down the table level was at my chest.I had the chicken panini with a side of potato chips. Both were excellent. Arguably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The rosemary fries were amazing as well.Most of the group had the same linguini and clams dish but most of the clams were either empty or had tiny bits of clam.5 stars for food but 4 stars for the weird table layout.
5	Made a reservation for my wife's birthday and the food and service was top notch. Party of 8 and everyone was very satisfied.
4	Surprisingly food.  1. There is an all day happy hour.  Not the best deal but $6 beer and wine is not bad.  2.  Happy hour includes a few appetizers.3. You can order half portions!  Half a salad, half pasta/pizza.  Since you are in the Crystal's, it is a bit quieter.  I had dinner around 7pm on a Thursday night at the bar with a Sofia Loren movie playing in the background.  It was a lovely meal.  By the time I left around 8, it was starting to get a bit crowded.  But food, ambiance, and staff were all pleasantly surprising.  Having been to many a "celebrity chef" establishment in Las Vegas, I was not expecting the affordable, pleasant meal I had but it was great!
4	The only reason this place receives 4 stars is because of the service.  The food was amazing enough to make up for the terrible service we received, which would've earned 2 stars.We had a reservation and were seated quickly, but things went downhill from there.  Once we ordered the food took an absurdly long time to come out, so long that various waiters/waitresses came to reassure us that our food was coming and to apologize for the wait.  We said it was okay, but we were all actually starving and getting impatient.  Once the food finally came, it was delicious, and we forgot about how long it had taken to get there.Because of the time it had taken to get our orders out, they brought us two free desserts (a cookie plate, and fresh cream filled donuts).  Both were delicious (especially the donuts), but also took forever to arrive!  I believe we ended up in the restaurant for somewhere around 2 hours between all of the waiting.  I was surprised at the lack of service this restaurant had, but very impressed with all of the food.
5	My girlfriend and I came in on Tuesday (09/09) and sat at the bar around noonish. This is our first trip to Vegas And had no idea what to order. Our bartender Kristine recommended a couple dishes so we Split the minestrone soup and caprese salad which was AMAZING! Since I was still hungry I then ordered a sausage pizza And we split a pitcher of Hoegarden beer. The place was packed and seemed busy but our experience was a good one. Even though our bartender was busy she took care of us and made sure we had all we needed. I don't normally leave messages on help but we both felt that she went beyond the norm and I'd suggest to all of my friends to visit her and the restaurant. If it wasn't for our flight we would have stated longer! Can't wait to try more on our next visit!
5	Not sure what all the complaints about service here are about. We came in for dinner at 7:30 on a Friday night and the wait staff was VERY friendly and helpful. It was almost over the top (but not), they were checking on is so much. We both had the chicken parm, which isn't actually on the menu but had read about it in a review. It was excellent. All around great experience
4	Love this place! Ever since my first time coming here, I make sure to come here whenever I'm in the area.The establishment itself is really clean and the decor is quite nice. They also play pretty good music here! Service is ok, the food tends to came out a bit slow, but it's not too bad. The best thing about this place is the food! It's pretty amazing. I honestly haven't had anything that I disliked here. My favorite dishes would be the calamari appetizer, lasagna, and the pasta with clams and garlic sauce. I've also tried the spaghetti and meatballs as well as the chicken piccata, both were pretty good. I tried the four cheese ravioli, it was good but it wasn't as good as I had expected it to be, so I probably wouldn't order that again. This place would get a full 5 stars if they brought back the lasagna. Seriously, why would you guys take that away?!? That was the best lasagna I have ever eaten and it was the best thing on the menu! The ingredients were so fresh and the flavor was just perfect. I really miss it. Lasagna is such a staple item that I'm confused as to why it was taken away. So bring it back and I may bump up my rating.
4	In the heart of the city center, we stopped in to get cool from the Vegas heat. The Moscow mules were good and in a copper mug. We shared a spicy pepperoni pizza (8 or so slices) and butter lettuce salad. So fresh and perfect for a lunch bite. $70 bill for lunch, but it's Vegas.
4	Great chicken piccata. Pizza was a bit of a let down, but still pretty good. Great service as well.
5	Decided to grab something to go and while we waited I got some bruschetta which was ok..i wouldn't get it again nothing special but the white sangria was delicious and it sparked up a convo with the three guests next to us. We ordered the calamari with i think a basil aioli sauce? it was DELICIOUS!! i sure loved it over the normal marinara sauce.We also got the spaghetti and meatballs which i highly recommend!I cant wait to go back i wish they had one closer to home!
3	Made a reservation through Open Table. Didn't even need one on a Sunday night. Place was dead and although very nice, service was very slow. Also had a slight misunderstanding about their family Sunday dinner. Please note that the wine offered in the package is NOT included in their package, we found that out as soon as our bill came. Food was good but not great. It's priced about right for the name but I wouldn't eat there again. Ravioli was cold-we sent it back and the plate and serving size was a lot smaller than our original plate.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas, I definitely try to come to Wolfgang Puck! Their linguine with clam is soooo good. One of my favorites! On my last visit, my friend ordered the veal ravioli and omg that was so good too! I must get that next time I come. I had another friend who ordered the rigatoncini and that was delicious and flavorful as well. YUM
5	The food here was incredible. Wolfgang Puck does an excellent job blending flavors that result in a delicious, interesting, and truly mastered meal. The food was light, but incredibly satisfying and the service was perfect.
4	Great location, excellent service! Reasonably priced, too! The linguine pasta and the prosciutto pizza were a little bit salty, and the spicy pepperoni pizza lacked a bit of spice. Still a great meal though!
4	Really enjoyed the chicken piccata. All the flavors worked perfect together, but my only complaint would be the serving size left a little something to be desired. Fortunately I ordered the marscapone polenta which alone was a little bland, but worked well with the overall meal.To drink I ordered the Lychee Star which was delicious non-alcoholic drink that was a mixture of a lemonade and coconut.
5	The food is absolutely phenomenal! We've eaten here so many time this review is long overdue. Just brought my friend here for the first time the other day and she too fell in love. The calamari and shrimp are my two favorite appetizers. For entree, I am obsessed with the spaghetti and meatballs (truly the best here) and carbonara. Their pizzas, salads and other entrees are also good. Wolfgang Puck knows how to do it!
3	We had dinner on 11/9/14.  No wait for a table.  Great ambiance in what I consider one of the coolest buildings/malls in the country.  Take special note to the wooden stair cases throughout Crystals.  Absolutely stunning carpentry, sky lights and walls/lines and floors.  Anyhow, after we were seated, with not a full house, it took an unusually long amount of time for our assigned wait person to arrive and intro himself.  Anyhow, we split the kale salad, which as fantastic.  We got a Margarita pizza and a rigatoncini.  Both were quite good, although we felt the pizza wasn't anything to write home about where the other was really good.  It took a long time for a glass of wine and pineapple mojito to arrive.  We had to ask for table bread too.  We asked what the WP label was - meaning what label is it that WP puts his sticker over.  No one in the restaurant could answer the question. That seemed a bit weird.
5	Stopped in for a quick bite when we arrived to the Aria and on our way to explore Vegas.  Instead of a pizza, we ended up with the mushroom-barley soap, Gorgonzola salad, and an amazing pork shank.  To top it off, the pear "perfect" martini.   What a great little find.    The wait staff was solid too.  True to Vegas, there was interesting people watching too.   This is a must.
3	We ordered the eggplant parm and penne with Alfredo (minus the minced pork). The food was all good, and my girlfriend was particularly impressed with the aglio olio that came with the eggplant. However, we thought this place was pricey for the quality. We expected the food to be a little better especially since it's owned by a celebrity chef. We can get better tasting italitan food for the same price or cheaper (depending on where we go) at several restaurants in Chicago.
3	Food was good (though not as good as i was expecting). Service was bellow average! During the whole dining experience the waiter only came to my table four or five times, those were to either bring food/drink or to take order.
5	Ordered the ribeye steak.  It's been dry aged and really yummy!  The doughnuts are also great!
4	Very good. I've never had a bad meal at any of Puck's restaurants and this one is no exception.  Service was very good as well.
4	Overpriced but what isn't in Las Vegas?The restaurant is clean, elegant, quiet, and a bit secluded from the hustle and bustle of the strip despite being on it.  we went for a light lunch and had the margarita pizza. I love a good margarita pie and I enjoyed it but for my husband, it was just cheese pizza.
4	This restaurant is conveniently located in the Crystal Shops next to Aria.  I stayed at Aria, so we decided to try this place.  It has a pretty casual vibe and has a clean look to it.  Even though it's located in the mall, it's pretty peaceful.  This mall doesn't have as much traffic, so it's a nice setting.  Service from the staff was awesome.  Our main course did come out on the slow side though.  Food, at least, tasted awesome.ANTIPASTA SALAD: They don't have side salads, but they have half portions.  I had this and it was awesome.  This salad has salami, provolone picante, red onion, and red wine vinaigrette.  The picante and red onion add just the perfect spicy little kick to this.RIGATOCINI: I loved my dish and fished the whole thing!!  It's made with Piemontese Meat Sauce, Garlic, and Parmesan Reggiano.  I am a red meat sauce type of person and this nailed it for me.  Added crushed red pepper to this dish for an extra added kick.  Portion size is on perfect so that you're not overly stuff, yet satisfied.SPAGHETTI: This dish comes with tomatoes, basil, garlic, and four big homemade meatballs.  This is definitely a safe dish.  I took a bite from my mom's dish and it came nothing short of expectation.  SIDENOTE: We had to ask for bread and butter. So if you're a carb lover, feel free to ask your waiter and they'll be glad to grab it for you. (:
3	It will cost you about $80 (including a decent tip) for two entrees, one app of bruschetta and one Stella draft.  The food was good, but nothing over the top.  The service was good, but our waitress was in a rush to do her job.  I wouldn't recommend Wolfgang Puck unless you just wanna sit at the bar and have a wood fired pizza with a beer.
5	This review is really a 4 1/2 star rating but the ambiance really pushed it up to a perfect rating.My honeybabe and I came here for dinner on a late Sunday night. Despite this restaurant being at the ever-so-prestigious Crystals Shopping Center, prices for our drinks and entrees were not as expensive as we thought.Honeybabe started off with a delicious soup that had chicken, vegetables and chickpeas in it. Very flavorful!For our entrees, I got Rigatoncini with Piemontese Meat Sauce, Garlic and Parmesan Reggiano. He ordered Veal Raviolis with Porcini Mushrooms, Brown Butter Sauce and Crisp Sage. We both LOVED our entrees!!!!!! Everything was cooked to our liking and service was attentive throughout the night.One thing is for sure; this restaurant have perfect portion control. I'm an extremely small eater. Half of an appetizer and I'm practically full already. That's how easy it is for me lol. But that night, I was able to finish my pasta. Every bite. Done. AND....best part was, I wasn't overly full....I didn't feel fat and bloated. We definitely enjoyed our food and can't wait to be back. Next time....we want to try their wood fried oven pizzas. I got my eye on that spicy pepperoni pizza. Yumm!!!!!!
5	Really good. Great service, too. I got the margherita pizza and my husband got spaghetti and meatballs. So seriously delicious. Nice and simple too. Out waiter was very nice and attentive as well. Definitely recommend.
5	This is a place you walk by and just think, oh wow it looks nice and fancy but it doesn't seem like the food will be great here.  It's never crowded and the menu doesn't seem extravagant.  But let me tell you, don't be deceived... the food is delicious here.We started out with a calamari; it was cooked to perfection.  The calamari was tender and crispy with a light breading.  The sauces that came with it was a lemon-pesto and a cocktail sauce.  Both were amazing and kept it fresh.I had the margherita pizza which seems fairly plain but was the best margherita pizza i've had.  The salty cheese and crispy soft bread and the savory tomato sauce all complimented each other.  My SO had the cheese panini with tomato soup; the best that she's ever had and she's a grilled cheese and tomato soup fanatic.We were so full we couldn't order dessert.  I would definitely come back again
3	I love being in the area of this restaurant.  It just speaks luxury. And this place is in a perfect location.  Awesome Christmas tree was right in view. Stunning. Wish I felt the same excitement for the restaurant itself.Now, it wasn't bad.  The food was quite good.  We actually went in to get something quick and non-filling, like a nice salad.  I found on the menu a Kale Salad.  It was good, but for 14 bucks, it wasn't THAT good.  And my uncle's 11 dollar bowl of soup simply was not worth the price.Given all of that, our servers, though nice and friendly, were just not the most attentive waiters.  It took too long to arrive, take our orders and then return.  And this was only during the middle of the day.  It really wasn't that busy. But everyone seemed to be doing quite a bit of running around.Nice place but could use some improvements in customer service, IMO.
4	Great service and great food!
5	Amazing pizza and wine!Cute little restaurant inside the Crystals shops. The Wolfgang Puck house Pinot Noir is amazing. I have had several of the wood fired pizzas but my favorite are the Margherita pizza and the prosciutto pizza.There is no parking at Crystals. You can either valet your car or park at Aria and walk over.
