5	When I heard that Bouchon at the Venetian was associated with Thomas Keller, I just had to eat there. I had read so many great things about his restaurant "French Laundry" in CA.  Bouchon is located in the Venezia Tower in the Venetian Resort & Casino. They serve authentic French bistro fare in a dining room featuring a mosiac floor, a huge mural, and French doors that open onto a beautiful courtyard. It is definitely a casually elegant space. The menu changes seasonally, but on our visit we tried the onion soup, steak frites and the pan-roasted trout. It was all exceptional. We finished off the meal with an exquisite honey pot de creme. That pot de creme still haunts me.. I must fly back to Vegas and have some more.
4	Pretty good overall.Excellent chicken, but the highlight was the SUPERB wine recommendation from their resident wine guy [there is a special name for these people, which I never remember..] This was my favorite bottle of wine EVER, and as soon as I find the label [they peeled the label off the bottle and gave it to me] I will post it for communal enjoyment!One star off for the Absinthe disaster - I was telling the bartender that the de-wormwooded Absinthe is undrinkable, because it tastes like pure anise. The bartender SWORE that they had an excellent tasting version... he was SO WRONG! I repeat - I do NOT enjoy drinking pure anise extract, even with ample sugar and water added! Looking at the "absinthe" cloud when you pour in the water from a special carafe over a sugar cube placed on a special perforated spoon does not make up for the taste!
4	A serious foodie restaurant just off the courtyard garden in the Venezia wing of the Venetian hotel.  It has a bustling, no nonsense, bright, noisy, food lover's tone to it.  That puts off some tourists who expect that a fine restaurant has to be quiet, velvety, dark, and formal.  But if you know what you like it can be good here.What I like is oysters.  Lots of them.  So while my cohort slept in the room I snuck down for a baker's dozen with some bread and sancerre on the side.  The place was booked solid all night, but like most restaurants of its ilk it has a large unreserved bar section so that solo diners and couples can usually slip right in.  Personally, I brought my laptop and cell phone to work on a business presentation -- but in deference to people who think that paying lots of money for good food means a certain level of decorum, I put the laptop discretely on the banquette next to me rather than the table.How can one place's raw shellfish be any better than another's?  Is it the selection, the storage, the presentation?  Sauce?  Temperature?  Whatever it is, their oysters, half a dozen tiny gourmet varieties from the Oregon and Washington coasts, were out of this world delicious.Service was ridiculous.  Slow, they forgot the oyster spoons, had to ask twice for bread, etc.  And it was in-your-face personal quirky, California style.  But it was, strangely, professional.  You know they know what they're doing, even if they're not doing it for you at the moment.  At the end, without my prompting, the waitress gave me two free oysters and apologized, said that they were far busier tonight than they were expecting.  And the oysters, a little pricey, but they were really, really good.
3	This place is so over-rated. I was so disapointed because Thomas Keller is one of my culinary heroes. In any case, it wasn't bad... but with so many choices at simliar prices in the same casino even... I wouldn't recommend a visit. Perhaps, you should try Lutece or Valentino's instead. Both, are must sees.
5	one word...Divine. I went there right before they were closing and they still seated me and were some of the friendliest staff. Then the food...Onion soup, perfect! Croque Madame...melts in your mouthFrench fries...worth flying to Vegas for...Seriously.Profiteroles with a gravy server filled with the best hot chocolate ever...to die for. Fly. Take a bus. Get there...Prices?Not that bad for the Quality of food.
5	How can I not give 5 stars to the restaurant that warranted two trips in as many days?  Based on the mention of the mountain of fries (a million thanks, Monica), I insisted on getting a reservation for our first night in town; we snagged seats at the bar for dinner our second night.  The beef tongue salad was so good that a man at the next table asked what it was because the expression on my face made it evident that whatever I just put in my mouth was something very, very special.   Come to think of it, the food sparked conversations with three different couples at neighboring tables--makes me think of that Cat Stevens song:Oh I can't keep it in, I can't keep it in, I've gotta let it out.  I've got to show the world, world's got to see, see all the love,love that's in meEat at Bouchon and try to contain yourself.
5	Pork belly (no Trading Places jokes, please), gnocci, blood sausage, wine. Kronenbourg, good friends, and Las Vegas. An amazing experience I will not soon forget, and everything was perfect.
1	New Review:From 5 stars to 1. I might give it 0 if I could. :-(This is more about the service than the food.Had lunch at Bouchon. What a train wreck. I'd indicated we were in a hurry and was told we should be able to order and eat in 30 minutes.25 minutes later, the food came.Salads. Minus the salad dressing.Tiny little $16 salads.I ask for the manager. He says he will personally make sure they are remade and wont take a half hourHe brings them back in about 10 minutes.They now have dressing but they are missing cheese and avocado.$40 comped meal and even being comped didn't make it any better.Hopefully your mileage varies. Bouchon is capable of so much more.Old review:Every dish was exquisite and worthy of gasps of foodgasms. I thought i'd died and gone to foodie heaven. My only gripe was that they are trying to pretend to be a casual French cafe, so in trying to be casual, they skip things like bread plates. For the price, they could put out some bread plates. ;-)But ignore that minor complaint. If you seriously love food, Bouchon is for you!
4	Until now I've been a loyal fan of steak fries, but Bouchon's pomme de frite caused a major paradigm shift. Located in the Venetian, this french bistro setting indeed serves *the* best shoestring fries -- totally out of this world.  Our waiter went above and beyond the call of duty. In fact, I think he even had a sense of humor. Incredibly knowledgeable and generous with his time, he meticulously explained each dish, it's process of preparation, and managed to check in on us frequently, but never intrusively.  Regretfully, I didn't leave room for dessert, so please -- someone try the "Bouchon doughnut" for me!
3	I expected more...Overall, the food was very good (thus, the three stars), but the experience overall was a big let down.  My entree came before I was finished with my appetizer and the dessert was a disappointment.  I expected impeccable service and a long leisurely dinner.    Instead, I felt rushed and let down.  Not worth the money.
5	Ahhhh yummmy! *sighs dreamily*
4	The existing reviews pretty much tell all...this is a beautiful, quiet space for any meal, but especially sweet outside on a sunny Spring day with fragrant flowers in the garden in bloom.  We had a pricey, but deliicious breakfast.  As far as "value" in Vegas goes (remember, you're in over-the-top Vegas), Bouchon makes my list.
5	Following the tradition of quality restaurants in Northern California, Thomas Keller hasn't let the good people of Las Vegas down.  Just like most higher-end restaurants in Vegas, Bouchon has a perfectly designed interior to match the theme of their food.  If it isn't too windy, try sitting outdoors on their patio next to the fountain.  The food was amazing from beginning to the end.  Service was a little slow, but the place was packed.Run down of what I ordered and all of it I recommend:-Petit Plateau (1/2 lobster, 9 oysters, 3 shrimp, 3 clams, 6 mussels)"I can't imagine it getting any fresher than this in Vegas."-Pt de Campagne (country style pt with watercress, cornichons & radishes)"Kinda of like liverwurst from the can, but 1000 times better!"-Steak Frites (Medium Rare with caramelized onions and seasoned slab of butter on top)"Cooked to & flavored to perfection, tender and clean tasting."-Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde (Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, Pt de Campagne avec Roquefort et aux Noix mustard & saffron, served with french fries)"If you like mussels, well you get 30-35 mussels excellently prepared in a butter saffron base."-Madagascar Creme Brulee'  (special for the night)"Creamy with a layer of vanilla bean particles lining the bottom."-Free French mini pastries and a bag of caramelized popcorn to go!!!-A perfectly matched gurtziminer for the 1st half and pinor noir for the 2nd half of the meal.I'm drooling thinking about this meal!  This is a Las Vegas MUST EAT!!!!
5	My Vegas trip was made complete with my dinner here.  After reading reviews from other websites, I was skeptical of the service I was to receive, as they mentioned the waiters starting off with an introduction of Thomas Keller.  Thankfully my waitress did not start off with that and she was the best the entire evening.  Ordered was the Charcuterie, which is an appetizer plate of different salami's.  The duck confit, which was tasty beyond word.  I had the endive salad and my entree was the roasted lamb.  Dessert was the caramel custard with banana ice cream.  I enjoyed the ice cream more than the custard.  And an after drink of the Absinthe Drip.  The service was exceptional,so don't know if I just got lucky or not, but I was very happy when I left.
2	Based on the other reviews, I must have gone on an off night.I didn't have the heart to give it 3 stars.  I figure, this is as close as I'm going to get to French Laundry for the time being and while the food was great, the service was horrible.  Our server gave far better service to the tables on either side of us.  We didn't bother to stay for dessert.However, I'm willing to give it another shot. For breakfast instead of dinner...the decor and the atmosphere was great, but that combined with the food still didn't make up for the lackluster service.
1	Wow.I can't believe how incredibly bad this place was. I wish I could rate this place zero stars.  I was there as part of a group of 11 and have never experienced service this bad at a restaurant so highly rated. I clearly got the sense that the waiter (Corey J) knew that his 20% tip for large parties was in the bag and just didn't give a damn.Details that a restaurant like this shouldn't miss often were: not clearing bread crumbs before setting down appetizers, leaving water glasses empty, etc. The waiter would disappear for large periods at a time. He often didn't know who ordered what.The food was also lackluster. Although my mushroom soup was fine, the steak I ordered was prepared with a shallot sauce that wasn't listed on the menu. When I complained to the waiter he said that he was "fairly certain" he described the preparation to me because he usually does. He later brought out a replacement that was bloody red, not the medium I had ordered. I ended up paying $35 for a steak I barely touched.I also tried some of my friend's gnocchi and it was extremely sweet. Around the table, the best anyone rated for food quality was "OK". The place had a lot of promise - nice atmosphere, I liked how the menus were presented.
5	Bouchon has great food and excellent friendly service.  My girlfriends and I felt like queens here.  We ordered the Grand Plateau which has a lobster, crab, oysters, clams, mussels, and shrimp on a two tier iced rack.  Unfortunetly, the time we went they ran out of crab and were couteous enough to substitute with not one lobster but two lobsters!!!  I also recommend the corn cream soup.  It was sweet debaucery.
2	So-so... Too expensive for what we got. Also a bit too snobbish...
1	Yeah, no. Bouchon in Vegas was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in the city of sin.  The service was okay, but the food just wasnt there and I'm not even comparing it to Per Se or the Laundry.  It just wasnt good.  But I guess if you're in town and you feel like splurging or you just have to be in a Keller restaurant, go for it.  I'd think twice though.
5	Excellent, excellent. This place is great. Once you enter the restuarant from the private elevator, you are greeted with the fresh, crisp atmosphere of Bouchon. The food, cocktails, wine staff and service was excellent!Once seated after a quick cocktail and appetizer at the bar, we were presented with a neatly folded paper menu with french bistro style fare. The seafood appetizer of fresh shrimp, oysters on the halfshell, crab and lobster was elegantly presented in a four tier iced platter. The sommeiler was well informed and very professional. Main course was excellent with the special of the day (fish) was cooked perfect. All other dishes where perfectly presented and very tasty.The service was excellent and left you feeling like a millionaire -- even though you just lost $200 at the craps table before dinner...Definitely a place to visit again when in Vegas.
1	As much as I loathe this city, I took a weekend to spend it with Mom for a girly weekend.  Mom loves this place, so I had to take her again for another try.  It was my first.  The place is beautiful.  You do not feel like you just walked out a stinky casino.The service...no more than terrible.Our server was completely intrusive and at times intentionally rude.  I think he was trying to be funny, or amusing himself at our expense.  I do not think that you come to a Keller restaurant to be absolutely annoyed by a passive aggressive waiter.  I could pay my local dominatrix the same price I paid here and get heaps of aggressive rope burn without the passive weenieness.  I almost called him a dick like 5 times.  I used to work in restaurants for a long time, so I have a bit more patience with service than most.  I don't know if that effected the way I ingested, but the food was not what I was expecting.  In fact, it was just OK.  I ordered scallops, and there was so much grit, I sent it back.  Of course, (I'll call him "Eugene") Eugene looked at me like I was a Hitler Youth for suggesting that what he was serving was sub-par.  He took it off the bill and acted as if he was doing us a favor.Idiot.  I think I may try French Laundry another time.NEVER again with this place.
5	Never eaten at any of TK's Napa places. But can the man make the ultimate remoulade or what?  My pork short ribs were perfect.  There's no other word except perfect.  Such simple dishes, such perfection.  The sommelier was awesome. Dessert was ...eh.
4	I went to Bouchon this past weekend for dinner with family. I wasn't pleased when I went a few years ago but decided to give it another shot. Boy, am I glad I did. It  was definitely much better the second time around. We had a party of 11 and had a great time! The service was friendly and the waiter was knowledgeable. He went over the restaurant's history along with some details and facts about Thomas Keller the chef. It was great that he took the time to explain everything to us. He also went over the specials in detail.The best entrees would have to be the Mussels with fries and the Steak frites were pretty darn good with the butter on top. Their foie gras could have been better but the portion was definitely friendly. For dessert I had the Coffee custard which was superb! The custard melted in my mouth!The prices for everything were decent  for the entire dining experience.  Including wine, our bill was not outrageous.
4	Thomas Keller's Las Vegas version of Bouchon is pretty much that - a Las Vegas version of the Napa Valley eatery.  It's bright, massive and it's in a pretty swanky Las Vegas Hotel Casino.The hostesses were a little spacey, (they seemed like trainees) but were very nice and we technically didn't run into any difficulties being seated.  They even dialed Pinot Brasserie so we could call and cancel our reservations.Food wise, I was satisfied.  Four stars satisfied.  I think I'm a little harder on my restaurant scoring because I've dined at a lot of places in Asia and America so I've got a pretty good idea of fabulous dining.Although my party did not sample the much hyped raw shellfish selections, I did take time to notice the prep and display area.  A large sushi kitchen circular glass case with two (I think) sous chefs working away.Given my critical rating, these four stars are well earned.  Our server was quirky but knowledgeable.  Our sommalier was friendly and very helpful - pretentious is not a word I would use for any part of this experience, even though the service and presentation was nearly first class.An old french favorite of mine has always been French onion soup.  Yup, old reliable.  As commonplace as [it] can be, I've definitely has my fair share of screwed up FOS.  Bouchon does not screw this up.  Both of the required cheeses were adequately layered and baked on top.  The broth was salty but not moisture drenching and there was the perfect amount of breading.This review is for a dining experience exactly one week ago and my entree is a little fuzzy (I'm sick right now).  I do remember that I definitely wanted chicken but they definitely didn't have a sauce compatible with my allergen list.  The waiter switched the sauce and used the duck sauce which worked out quite well and my fuzzy memory is one of happiness and content.  Although salads should be bullet proof, they  too can be weak or ruined and I remember being impressed with the ingredients and presentation.As a wrap up, I would definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone that is looking for a reliable fine dining establishment away from the noise and the crush of the Venetian restaurant row or for anyone on a mission to sample the establishments of America's finest chefs across America.  Bouchon Las Vegas will not let you down.
3	Most everything was good, some things even great. But there were plenty of service missteps, awkward moments, and food fumbles... not exactly the kind of memorable meal I expect from a Thomas Keller establishment. Our waiter was sweet, but not ready for prime time. As C said: "He has the raw skills to be a great waiter, but he's not there yet." Awkward check-ins, stammering recitations of the specials, and a rather graceless handling of a bar mistake... plus one outright "WHA?" moment, when he described "soubise" to the couple next to us as "kind of like a risotto." Um, ah-no.The space suffers from a lack of coziness. I know, I know... it's Vegas, but the high ceilings feel less like the Grand Hotel and more like the Grand Canyon. On the positive side the decor is cute without dipping into cliche, and the host staff and managers were right on top of things, both as we arrived and as we departed.The food, alas, was similarly hit and miss. After placing our order, shatteringly good bread and a welcome bowl of pistachios accompanied our drinks, a signature Bouchon cocktail for me (slightly overdone on the peach liqueur for my taste -- but hey, it's their recipe) and a glass of Sancerre for Mr. C.Moving into the appetizers, C's onion soup came out of the kitchen terribly undersalted (and, of course, no salt on the table meant he had to ask our gawky waiter to bring some). My frisee salad was top notch -- perfect egg, lovely lardons -- but slightly overdressed. We both opted for nightly specials for our main course. C's dayboat scallops were perfectly seared, served in a creamy but not too heavy sauce gilded with tender pieces of crab, and accomplanied by a light-as-air potato gratin. (Sounds impossible, I know... but true.) My pave de veau featured meltingly tender veal breast, assembeled into a cube and crisped up with panko bread crumbs. Underneath: Lovely roasted brussels sprouts, a slightly overpowering soubise (an onion-infused Bechamel sauce not at all like a risotto, thanks), and slightly odd but definitely tasty chestnut "pain perdu" sticks on top of the stack.For dessert, we chose after-dinner drinks and an order of beignets to share. The pastries themselves were cold and leaden, like they'd been made well ahead or service, and their cream filling turned out pasty and too heavy. An unbilled scoop of chocolate ice cream was the dessert's saving grace. Our waiter stopped back after our dessert arrived to let us know it would be a few minutes before the bar could serve my requested glass of Poire Williams, as they needed to get a bottle from storage. I didn't mind the delay, but his fumbling and stumbling around the whole episode left me more annoyed than the actual missing drink.All in all, it felt more like a meal that should have cost closer to $150 than the $230 we spent, even adjusting for the Vegas Factor.
3	Overall, I wasn't too impressed, but it's a little hard to place exactly why. We came with a fairly large party of 8. I never quite felt comfortable, as the environment was so claustrophobic, crowded, cluttered, and loud. I guess for a classy restaurant I expect something more peaceful and less raucous. Our server was good, but he was pretty over the top and fancied himself quite the comedian. I ordered appetizers for the entire table, and this was the best part of the meal, in my opinion. We got 2 orders of salmon rillettes, 2 orders of BLT (sous-vide), a charcuterie plate, and 2 dozen mussels. The salmon rillettes was incredible, the BLT was good but a little underwhelming considering the sous-vide hype, the mussels were boring (I just had better mussels the past 2 nights in a row at casual restaurants here in Long Beach), and the charcuterie plate was a joke, with only a couple of slices of meat that might as well have come out of a bag at Trader Joe's. Anyway, the salmon rillettes were so good that overall things were still going well at this point, and our server suggested a bottle of chardonnay that actually worked with the food (I'm always skeptical of a chardonnay suggestion, but this wasn't bad). Perhaps where I went wrong was with my choice of entree. Everyone who likes this place raves about the steak frites and moules frites. That just sounded so dull, though, compared to venison. Alas, the venison was nothing special. I had a bit of everyone's food, including striped sea bass, rack of lamb, steak frites, and trout, and while everything was good, nothing really stood out. With all this we went through a bottle of burgandy and a bottle of bordeaux, and I do appreciate that proper attention was paid to the wine and the correct glassware, etc. (You'd think that would be expected, but I've been to plenty of very expensive restaurants where you have to beg for the right glass, if they even have it.)Unfortunately at this point, the bride-to-be had a bit of digestion malfunction. At first we thought she might be choking and so the manager came over and everyone was very concerned. She turned out ok, but to make up for it, the server brought out a round of complimentary desserts. They were pretty outstanding: chocolate bouchons, pistachio pot cremes, creme brulee and cookies. Looking back, I do really appreciate how well they took care of us in the circumstances. We topped it all off with a round of drinks, and Vince got a very nice side-by-side port tasting. Hell, if you're going to go to a place like this, I say go all out. The wine and drinks alone cost as much as a month's rent, let alone the food. But hey, it's not every day your brother gets married. So, overall, while there were some things that were excellent, the entire experience was just OK, nothing that made me go WOW.
3	I agree largely with the review by HollyT. We went to Bouchon for my rehearsal dinner, it was actually Holly's idea. The server was one of these East Coast fast talker types, quick with the one-liners and so forth. That part was entertaining, as everyone was just happy to be eating together and it fits the Vegas atmosphere, but I can see how some people would prefer more subdued service (especially considering the amount of dough being dropped).The B.L.T. (sous vide) was the highlight for me. Not that it was remarkable but I appreciate the process of it being cooked and the presentation. The food overall was great, just not spectacular. I agree with Holly's assessment that the appetizers were not impressive. As Holly said the barstaff paid a lot of attention to proper wine glasses throughout the meal, but then they served an after dinner cognac in a little champagne flute type thing. I'm not an expert but I'm pretty sure you're just supposed to serve cognac in a brandy snifter so your hand warms up the alcohol as you drink it. The other deal breaker for me was that they served freakin' TAP WATER with the meal. Granted, they asked us before eating if we wanted Evian or mineral water, but when people are spending $1200 on a meal (including drinks) you should not even give them an option for "Las Vegas's Finest," as the waiter put it. The tap water didn't even have ice.Anyway, we had a great time. As Holly noted, my wife was choking on some steak at one point. The restaurant made sure she was fine and treated us to some excellent desserts to help celebrate our occasion. When you're at a high-end place like this, though, the devil is in the details. You don't serve god-awful tap water, you put more care into the appetizer dishes, and you don't put cognac on the menu unless you have the proper glassware to serve it in. I give it also 3 1/2 stars, but I'll round down to 3 because the expectations are high for this restaurant.
1	*Remember that gratuity is ALWAYS included in all of Thomas Keller's restaurants.  Ignore the tip line.A 20% gratuity is built into the restaurant and bar prices.  Discretionary tipping above the 20% gratuity, while allowed, is neither expected nor encouraged.Awful and overpriced.  The service was HORRIBLE!  The bastard of a waiter offered me "bread and olives" then charged me for the olives!  The food was bad.  As in not good.  My friend didn't even finish his because it was gross and slimey.  I only went here because of Thomas Keller's name.  Well let me tell you something... Thomas is dead to me!  I hear their breakfast is good so I might go back, but not likely.  Dead to me!  I have no problem spending a ton of money on a good meal, but this place was horribleTruly the worst restaurant experience of my life.  To think I went out of my way to try this place.  Watch out for the drag queen tranny!
4	I liked this place. Atmosphere was nice and the staff was friendly. Granted, our waiter was kind of running around everywhere else but other people seemed willing to help us. He also didn't seem to know too much but maybe it's because he's from another country? I don't know..First off, when they ask you whether or not you want water (spring or sparkling) just say tap. If you say spring, you get Evian. Kind of tricky... anyway the other food. I had the soup of the day, a cream based cauliflower soup. Have to be honest though I couldn't taste the cauliflower, just the essence of it. My boyfriend had the french onion soup, which he really liked. For our main course, we both ordered a plate of seafood. He had one of the daily specials, which was arctic char and really fresh from Sweden supposedly. I had the salmon, which I thought tasted pretty nice and the sauce that came with it complimented the fish. There were mushrooms too though which isn't bad, because I like mushrooms, but the mushrooms tasted a little too salty for my taste. Then dessert, we shared the infused custard, which came with little cookies, and that was quite nice too. The restaurant did get a tad loud but the noise level wasn't unbearable. It's not like I was hearing other people's conversations clearly. Price wise, it wasn't too bad. The wine, which I forgot to mention earlier, was a little more on the pricier end, and since we weren't planning to drink that much, we just had one glass each.
4	I went to Bouchon with 10 other people (11 total) and they sat us at a table that was meant for 8.  It was cramped and uncomfortable which didn't really make for a positive initial impression.Luckily, the food was really good.  I started with a Salade d'Endives that was delicious but pricy for it's size.  I wasn't in the mood for meat, so I ordered the gnocchi, which was good, but really rich.  Others enjoyed steaks and chicken and said they were excellent.  We ordered a couple of different red wines that the waiter suggested and all were delicious.I only had a bite of the desserts, but the selection was decent and the taste was good.
5	I love this place! It might be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Great food, reasonable prices (for a fancy dinner), and excellent service. TIP: It's a little hard to find, as it isn't in restaurant row, the elevator is located off the hotel registration area. Again like all other Vegas places, the portions are HUGE. The mussels were some of the best I've had. I love it when mussels have a nice brothy, soupy thing going on. But seriously, three of us tried to chow this thing down and barely got to the bottom.
4	Compared to just the French restaurants that charge at this price point? It's slightly above average. I wish I could give half stars. You would think that the Thomas Keller name would bring about some sort of ingenuity with French cuisine in Las Vegas.  You would be wrong.  It's just average.  The pistachios and bread before your meal comes? Cute. Above average.The decor? Average.  I swear I've seen this exact decor in more than a few restaurants in New York City.  Appetizers? Below average. We kicked off our meal with a dozen oysters. The shucking left bits of shell through 3 or 4 of the oysters.  I can do a better job at home.  Entree? Above average to pretty good.  Steak frites. Quite delicious, but I wouldn't say it was particularly amazing.  I certainly enjoyed myself and I think at $30ish, it was very reasonable.  But have I had better steak? Yes.  Would I believe that the man behind the French Laundry had a hand in creating the dish that I was partaking at that moment? Probably not.  There wasn't any innovation or creativity behind this dish.Dessert? Beats me.  We didn't have any since we were full by then.Wine list? REALLY expensive.  Considering that the entrees were in the $30 range, you'd think there be a lot more wines that would be in that range.  If that was what you want, then you'd have to go with the house wines.  Otherwise, prepare your wallet for a world of hurt should you decide to partake in libations.Bouchon certainly isn't a bad restaurant.  But given the name, you'd think it'd be more than it is.
4	Dinner at Bouchon was good, but not exceptional.  Oysters and clams had shell and sand... hmm.While entrees are well-priced (for a high end restaurant in Vegas) at $17-$35, the specials were significantly more expensive (so make sure you ask) at $39 for the fish and $45 for the veal that night.  Not what you expect when the wait person does not tell you the price but just the specials of the evening.The food was not spectacular like you'd expect a Thomas Keller restaurant to serve (maybe I just had high expectations) but was still by far excellent.  My husband ordered the steak frites and I thought it was really well prepared.  I had the trout, which also was cooked well, but I felt that I could make both dishes at home almost as good, if I used enough butter.Wine list was a bit pricy.I'd go again though, maybe to try their breakfast or brunch menu next time.  And one of these days I'll order the $45 pot of frie gras pate.
4	I'm in Vegas for a couple days, hanging out at the Venetian.It's hard to go wrong with restaurants in Vegas, especially if someone else is paying for it.  There was a group of 6 of us, so we started off with The Grand (or Le Grande) Platter, which had a sampling of Oysters, Clams, Mussels, Lobster, Shrimp, and Crab Legs.  We also ordered some french fries because the waiter said they were good and you know ... it's a French Restaurant.  By the time, I finished with bread, fries, and seafood appetizers, I was pretty stuffed.  But, I had to power through and ended up getting a scrumptious lamb platter with some of the best hand-made sausage I have ever had on the side.  And of course I got the chocolate dessert, because I just can't say no to chocolate.  Good food, Good drinks, Good people, Good Times!
2	So I read about Thomas Keller being "arguably the best chef in the world" and how Bouchon is absolutely amazing, and to try breakfast there and etc.Good:  My Group of 9 showed up w/out reservation on Saturday morning (they don't take reservation for breakfast). We were seated promptly, the hostess was nice, and we were given tasty pastries to snack on while waiting.  The waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly about everything on the menu.  I decided to try out the crab omelet (never had a crab omelet before).  The presentation of the food was very nice, fitting. The food taste itself was great, it was rich in flavor, but not in oil/butter (at least taste wise)...and the frites..although similar looking to what you would find at McDonald's, had good seasoning flavor, and unlike your traditional french fries...these frites were very crunchy yet lacked that super oily feeling. I'm assuming because they used a more premium quality oil to fry their frites in.  The restaurant itself is also very nice inside, and classy, and I appreciated how the tables all had ample room from each other, and you can get a view of the inner Venetian Garden which is kind of nice.     Bad:  After our order was taken, that's when things started going down hill. We did get our food in a decent amount of time. But when we received it, there were 3 different servers (none of them are actual server) who did not know what anyone ordered, not to mention they called out the food by different names..making it even more confusing for us to get our food. We were left with empty water glasses for long periods of time. When I had to call a server (after taking our order, we never saw our original server again) over for a second time to reminding him that we needed water, and not to mention no one came by to check how everything was at least once...the service..was definitely not good. At least for what we were paying...after all all groups of 6+ were automatically charged 20% gratuity.  Ugly:   So after getting such bad service my group got our bill and realized that..not only did we get bad service, but they took a 20% tip from us...20% is acceptable to tip for good service. but to take a 20% tip for a large group and give bad service, is unacceptable. Not to mention after receiving the bill, no server came by to take the bill for about 10 minutes. So I went to speak to the the manager. I helped him understand our situation, as we did not get the service we expected...the manager did remove the gratuity, so we could tip something more "fitting". But before doing so..he gave me a guilt trip about asking him to take it off because it was "company policy" to automatically bill 20% gratuity (again that's fine, if we received good service, but we didn't), and because the tips were shared between servers and etc. (If they cared about their tip, shouldn't they have been giving better service, if we didn't go waterless for 20 minutes that would've been nice too).  And on top of that..being the manager, I expected him to at least comp us something and/or an apology...rather than a  guilt trip.Bottom line:  the price was decent because the food and the environment was nice.  The service was okay, but lousy especially given our group was at first charges 20% automatically..and the fact the manager made no attempt to make our experience better and gave me the whole "company policy" thing..really spoiled our breakfast. I do NOT recommend Bouchon...try going to Mon Ami Gabi instead.~G
3	thomas keller, you cad!  you've let me down!  i went to this bistro-style restaurant at the venetian with my boyfriend and his parents, and wholeheartedly expected some delicous tastebud-pleasing grub!  i was starving by the time we arrived, and were seated promptly (yay).  but when i took a look at their menu, nothing looked truly appetizing.  i settled for a french onion soup, which our waiter told us was SUPERB and pretty much described it as a culinary miracle.  it was not.  the cheese was too bitter/strong.  the soup was not french-onion enough.  the white wine he suggested developed SEDIMENT at the bottom, which should not happen with chardonnay.  i had actually thought that i accidentally dropped food in my wine glass!  BUT...the silver lining: the mussels i ordered were scrumptious.  big fat mussels that arrived in a small pot -- HUGE portion!  i couldn't eat them all!  they came with skinny fries, which was decent.when the waiter arrived with the dessert menu, we were all stuffed, but asked what he recommended.  he said the creme brulee was the best...apparently also what he categorized as a culinary masterpiece.  i think our waiter had issues.  the creme brulee was GOOD, but it wasn't GREAT.overall, i would recommend bouchon if you're in the mood for DECENT nice bistro fare.  if you're in the mood to be impressed, this is not the place for you.  the food was satisfying, however, so i will give them that.  but the bottom line is that i expected more from a thomas keller establishment.
5	Holy good goddamn, this place is awesome!From the coffee to the pastries to the butter - you cannot go wrong with anything on the breakfast menu from this joint.
2	I cannot believe that Thomas Keller put his name anywhere near this restaurant. Doesn't he run two of the top restaurants in the WORLD???? I would expect the BEST service, the BEST ambiance and the BEST food from him.Our waiter was sweaty and had to read from a notepad to tell us the specials. He never once asked me if I wanted a refill on our wine. In fact, he never checked in one us (during our hour and half meal) to see if we needed anything. Kudos to the busboy and the other wait staff for stepping up a bit b/c he SUCKED. The place was messy - there was food on the floor and the dessert menu was actually dirty! I opted against ordering dessert not only b/c there was leftover god-know-what on the menu, but b/c the options were so bland. I could have gone to denny's and had better options - i think i could have flan , ice cream with chocolate sauce, lemon tart or chocolate mousse. Hmmm - real high class options!?!?!?!The food, I have to admit, was good. I'm not saying GREAT - but good. I sure as hell cannot believe we paid $38 for a slab of PORK...but that's the price of taking a chance and ordering a special from a sweaty red-faced waiter who kinda splittles when he talks (I think he mighta been high or drunk). To give you some perspective - Martini House is one of my favorites - the food, ambiance and staff are ALWAYS impecible. Chez Pannise is a miracle as far as restaurants go. I can go there and order anything off their menu and want to lick the plate. I will never go anywhere near Bouchon again...and if this is what I can expect from the French Laundry...then...fuck their three month wait list. Why would I even go there?
5	I've been to the original Bouchon in Yountville and enjoyed every minute of it. I loved the experience at the Las Vegas Bouchon just as much! We sat out on the terrace which was warm and beautiful with the calming noise of the fountain and pool behind us.  The menu was filled with an endless amount of food goodness. We started off with oysters on the half shell and the warm frisee salad with bacon and poached egg. I've attempted making this at home but will never be able to master Thomas Keller's savory bacon vinaigrette.  Although the steak frites would have been a sure winner, I decided to try something new I'd never had before - veal breast.  The veal breat was slow roasted and pulled from the bone, then formed into a flat piece and breaded on top and browned in the oven. What came out on my plate was a whole lotta goodness! The meat was tender, juicy and succulent paired with the wild mushroom ragu. Instead of polenta, I requested the frites. How could you dine at Bouchon and not have the frites. Although these ones were loaded with slightly too much salt, they were still one of the best fries I've ever had. Thin and crispy and absolutely addicting!  Also a delicious entree was the lamb loin - very tender. And the steak frites that are a classic of this restaurant featured a flavorful and thick piece of flatiron. It was so much food so no room for dessert. Although they have the Bouchon Bakery downstairs so you can always save room for that later.
4	I have been dying to go to the French Laundry in Napa Valley, but since you need to make reservation a few months ahead, I don't have the patience to plan for such a dining trip.  So, I settled for their casual offering at Venetian in Las Vegas.  When I visited them last month, I was expecting something great from Thomas Keller.  I was pleased with the food, but I was a bit disappointed with the waitress that we had (reason to receive 4 stars instead of 5).  The timing for the different courses were completely off.  The appetizer came before they opened our bottle of wine.  And the entree came before I finished our appetizer.  However, the quality of food made up for the lack of proper service.  The dish that is memorable is the smoke salmon appetizer.  They serve it in a tight-sealed jar with croutons.  While opening our wine, the sommelier made a great suggestion to use mustard with the dish.  If interested, see the picture that I posted.  By the way, their bread, as simple as it is, is one of the best.One side advantage is that you can enjoy Thomas Keller's food at a knock-off price.
5	Save your money......don't gamble it all away! Instead, spend it at Buchon! Granted, even though our party didn't spend that much for lunch (thanks ML & TK for seriously hooking it up), it was still a sublime experience. Most memorable for me was the foie gras spread with crackers. That stuff is so money! For the main course, we each ordered something different, but we all envied the one who had the enormous bowl of mussels, steamed with white wine, mustard and saffron!Tips: Go all out and save room for dessert. Don't try to compare it with the Laundry, you'll just be disappointed. Relax -- you're not at French Laundry. This is Buchon, a bistro.
3	While the food wasn't bad here, the food wasn't as amazing as I thought it should have been.  My husband and I ordered the special spinach salad with strawberry vinaigrette.   The salad was made of the freshest ingredients, which was the only highlight of the night.  My husband really enjoyed the mussels with saffron mustard wine broth and my lamb shank while tender in some places, was dry in others.  We also ordered the cheese plate for dessert and we weren't too impressed with our selection of sheep, cow, and goat milk cheese.
5	So much has been said already, so I will be brief.This is a great restaurant in a casino, yet so far from the casino, you really feel like you're getting away. By every measure, I had a better meal here than I had at Bouchon in Yountville, much to my surprise. Two of us shared what seemed like ten different things, and just about everything worked.  I can't imagine ever returning without having something from the raw bar.  The service was impeccably good.
5	This was the highlight of my week long stay in Vegas.I will agree with other yelpers, the restaurant is great because it's far enough away you forget you are in Vegas.  YAY! A+My friend and I met for breakfast with no reservations.  It was relatively early for Vegas (9:00 AM).  We were told it would be a 25 minute wait.  As we were there for work and needed to get to a trade show, this was not good news for us.  Boo! C-Ten minutes later we were fetched, a table had opened up earlier then anticipated.  YAY!!  A++Coffee?  Not bad.Quiche?  Pretty good.French Toast with a side of sausage?  EXCELLENT.I'm still dreaming about it.  I love the ambiance and the staff was so friendly.I can't wait to go back.
5	Bouchon is fantastic. Went for dinner on a Saturday night- it was bustling with a full house, but the service was attentive. Since we made a reservation, there was no wait at all- as soon as we arrived we were swept to our table. The menu is a good representation of french bistro choices: steaks, seafood (displayed on ice at the front), starters of all kinds... my mind was made up when I saw mussels. Plump and delicious, they were cooked perfectly and accompanied by some of the best frites I have ever had. In fact, I had to stop myself from eating all the frites, because I wanted to save room for the creme brulee- which turned out to be a very smart move!
5	I have been here a few times already, and it is good enough to keep me coming back.   I like the place because it is casual without being common, and smart without being snooty.  The Mussels are sumptous and juciy swimming in a white wine, butter and some other herbie-kind-a-sauce.  I had the halibut, which was cooked perfectly.  Actually one of the nicest I have ever had.  Other notable's during the meal.... the bread arrives fresh and hot, and impossible to stop eating... the fries are amazing and I was impressed with the 'house' wine which was a Sancerre.  Sounds strange to order a Carafe these days, but it was 75 bucks and tasted perfectly great!This was the 3rd dinner of the Vegas weekend, and for a top class restaurant, and top class food, it turned out to be relatively well priced.  300 bucks with tip, for 4 people.  To put that into perspective, we paid 280 for 4 people at Wolfgang Pucks Bar and Grill.  And both of those were cheaper than our meal for 2 people at Michael Minna's StripSteak!
5	Came here with my parents a couple years ago and enjoyed it very much. The restaurant was beautiful and the service was good as well. The front of the house as well as what I saw of the back seemed very professional. As far as bistro food goes, I suspect this place is about as good as it gets in Vegas. Other than baguettes and pistachios I don't remember eating anything noteworthy as an appetizer, but for the entree I ordered a grilled Atlantic salmon with veggies. I enjoyed the gamy flavor of the fish but the main reason I ordered it was because I wanted to sample the style of cooking fish shown in Thomas Keller's Bouchon cookbook. It was only grilled on one side, with that side being browned and well-done and the other side left completely raw. This gives an interesting texture to the fish and I enjoyed it. After the entree I noticed a big oyster bar so I ordered some Kumamoto oysters, which were very good as well.Recommended.
3	Went here last weekend for dinner, we went for the wife's bday. We'd be planning a trip to the French Laundry but got denied to due the size of our party. So we came here so we could try out a Thomas Keller restaurant. I reserved our seating through Open Table with a note that it was my wife's birthday and it would be appreciated if someone gave her a birthday greeting. So our reservations were at 8pm, we arrived and we're seated early, we elected to sit outside, it was a bit hot even though it was evening, but as the night went on it cooled down noticeably. There was a wedding going on too so there was playing in the background which was cool. Although I never in my life would've been able to for see hearing Akon, Game and Two Live Crew as we dined haha. So after we were seated the waiter (young pinoy guys) wished the wife a Happy Birthday, went on about the soup of the day and entree' of the evening, but he failed to give us his name. He forgot a few things that night, but he was entertaining enough with his weird antics. (Jumping in peoples photos, making weird jokes and him forgetting my mac and cheese...wait that wasn't funny.)Okay onto the food, we ordered the following:Fromage (Cheese) Tasting portions, $15.25- Pt. Reyes Cheese Co. Blue - Tasted like that Kraft cheese in the blue can...you other Filipinos will know what I mean, but it was still good. Can't fade that canned cheese taste.- Abbaye de Belloc - Eh? This was okay.- Cypress Grove Mad River Roll - This was our favorite, mix  with honey and put in on an apple slice...yum!- Sliced apples and honeycombCame with bread two kinds of bread, I didn't care for either the cheese was good on it's own or with the apples and honey, but the bread eh...OH that reminds me the bread and butter they served was bomb, if you can manage to sneak the butter dish with the butter, into your dates purse you should do it. Crazy good butter....Macaroni au Gratin, $5.75 - After enjoying Alexander's mac and cheese I wanted to see a real French chef's version. Couldn't wait for this to come out.....it never did. The waiter whose name we never knew owned up to messing up on this though, rather than pawn it off on someone else, so he was forgiven. Plus I was too full to eat it anyways.Next up we got our main entree, which was:Steak Frites, $34.50, a pan-seared prime flatiron served with maitre d hotel butter and french fries. - This was okay I guess. I ordered mine medium rare and it came out that way. My wife got medium but for the most part it was well doen except for a small bit in the center. The fries were pretty good, but I prefer the ones you'd find at a W Hotel or Citrus at the Valencia.After a while dessert comes and damn since the guy, whose name I don't know but was serving us food, messed up our mac and cheese delight he made up for it in the dessert hook up. He said that birthdays normally get 1 of 3 selections, but since he forgot one of our orders we got 3 of the 3!!!!Okay dessert time, $0.00, FREE!!!! Prices are just there FYI.Beignet, not on menu no price - Doughnut type pastry w/ jam inside plus Vanilla ice cream & Chocolate SauceCreme Glacee/ Sorbet de Fruits, $5.50 Ice cream/ sorbetMolten chocolate cakes, not on menu no price - 3 costco brownie bite sized cakes with different types of chocolate inside. Vanilla and chocolate ice cream on the side.The whole meal was kinda disappointing except for the desserts, with Thomas Keller putting his name on this place I figured it'd be a dining experience to match up to Alexanders...but it didn't. Even though our waiter did a decent job of service and hooked it up for dessert, the lack of introduction, forgetting to tell us about a skirt steak special and forgetting my mac and cheese just made the night not as enjoyable as I'd wanted it to be. Oh and the girl sitting near us wearing the dress that made her look naked as it got darker was tight too. Hell I'm gonna add a star just for her.
4	I'm essentially reviewing an expensive turkey sandwich in Vegas. This wasn't your standard menu grazing lunch at Bouchon. Since I was in Vegas with 150 or so of my business colleagues, we decided to craft a pre-fixe lunch menu...designed specifically for a quick, massive yet rewarding bite before our afternoon full body massages and rock wall climbing at the Canyon Ranch Spa. The menu choice was either a roast turkey sandwich with honey mustard, melted Brie on a melon sized baguette...or their ham & cheese baguette (I forgot what was on it)...I opted for the simple and delicious turkey sandwich (the brie & honey mustard combo is lip-smacking genius)...and, under strict orders from YELPER Courtney P., I personally ordered a pile o' Bouchon fries...Nice call, Courtney! Rule #8: Never personally order fries at your table...the grubbing fingers will start snatching away the fries like sticks in a Kerplunk game. Desserts were assorted tiny versions of their brownies, raspberry tarts, and TKOs (Thomas Keller Oreos). We just had a enough time to pop a few in our mouth and head off to our massages...it gave me something sweet to digest on in my terry robe.
4	Bouchon was our pick for our non-buffet dinner in Vegas.  My dad is a huge fan of celebrity chefs, being the devotee of Food Network that he is.  Bouchon should impress him, given the whole "French Laundry is the best restaurant in the United States" thing with Thomas Keller.  And while Bouchon isn't French Laundry, I think that the meal was good enough to impress.We were seated promptly, though we were late for our reservation by about ten minutes.  We blame this on the fact that Bouchon is a hard restaurant to find.  A security guard had to guide us through the Venetian Canal shops, down an escalator, to the right elevators.  Bouchon is located way up on the 20th floor (I think), which seemed like an odd place to have a restaurant.  However, it ended up being a perfect location, since we didn't have a huge crowd , flashing slot machine lights, or the sounds of bells/whistles right outside the door.The space at Bouchon is nice, with high ceilings and large windows that allow for plenty of natural light.  The tables are covered in butcher paper and the menu is actually the paper around the napkin.  The fresh baguette was warm and delicious, especially with the butter, which was really flavorful.  I was disappointed that they no longer had the frisee salad with poached egg and bacon on the menu and the waiter explained that they change their menu about four times a year.  Rats!  They had just had the change and I wasn't really feeling the other salads on the menu.  Instead, we opted to share the salmon rillettes with extra croutons, which was amazing.  I could have just brought a jar of that and their fresh baguettes back with me to Wynn and had an awesome midnight snack lounging in the tub and watching TV.  The rillettes are also served with a bowl of their marinated olives, which were good (the green olives in particular).For the entrees, we ended up getting the trout, the steak frites, the salmon, and the veal breast.  ALL of these entrees were delicious.  The trout, which was what I ordered, was perfectly cooked in a brown butter sauce, with a mound of the most delicious haricot verts and slivered almonds.  The salmon was also done just right and came beautifully presented in a copper pan.  The veal was good, though a little bit stringy and tough.  The steak was also delicious, though the VAST pile of frites was a bit overwhelming.  Though the fries were seasoned just right and crisp when they first come out, atfer cooling, they did turn a bit limp.  Even being ardent fries fans, we could not finish them.  The entree portions are huge, so much to the point that we did not have room for dessert.  That was disappointing, since the profiteroles being enjoyed the next table over seemed divine.    Overall, a great place for delicious bistro food in a relaxed setting.  Service was a little cold, as our waiter seemed a little standoff-ish, but they were attentive.  My only complaint was that their water was lukewarm.  I'd be back to try more things off their dinner menu, as well as to have brunch here.
5	[Updated Oct 2007: the boudin blanc is as good as ever!]Bouchon is my favorite place for breakfast in Las Vegas.  I've had breakfast here more than a dozen times, and still look forward to going.  I've also had dinner here once, and was very pleased.Bouchon is very bright and cheerful. It combines formality with informality: tables are graced with white tablecloths, but a piece of white paper is placed on top; some men arrive in business suits, others in shorts.  This is a good place to bring your newspaper.  When the weather is nice, consider asking for a table outside.I've found service to be efficient, friendly and relaxed.  However, I've read a couple of accounts which described inattentive service.  I haven't noticed this, but then not much service is needed at breakfast.**Breakfast**I've eaten my way through much of the menu:*   French Toast Bouchon style.  It's a cylinder of something like sweet bread pudding, with apples, and a crisp glaze on top.  I thought it was good, but not memorable.  However, I seem to be in the distinct minority, as I continue to read rave reviews of the stuff.*   My personal favorite is boudin blanc with scrambled eggs, croissant and beurre noisette.  Boudin blanc is a large white sausage, soft and smooth, with a distinct acidic tang.  It's unusual enough that the server sometimes cautions you if you order it, but I think it's delicious.  The scrambled eggs are a perfect example of what I mean by "simple food, prepared very well."  The eggs are standard scrambled eggs - but are delicious:  cooked through but still soft and creamy, with lots of flavor.  The croissant has varied between very good and truly excellent.*   Omelet with chicken, piquillo peppers, onion confit, tarragon and swiss cheese; sausage links served on the side.  This was a daily special.  The sausage was very good, although no match for the boudin blanc.  The omelet was really good.  The egg was cooked through but still soft; light but not too airy; rich.  The tarragon flavor was strong but not overpowering.  There was a lot of onions, soft but not squishy.  The chicken was not dry.  Lastly, there were two thick half slices of toasted brioche.  A winner!*   Steak hash with eggs any style, and brioche toast.  Another daily special.  The hash was very good, with lots of tender diced steak.  The scrambled eggs were well prepared, and I liked their brioche a lot.  Again, simple food prepared very well.*   Croque Madame.  Toasted ham and cheese sandwich on brioche (a rich bread made with eggs and butter), with a fried egg and mornay sauce on top; served with a mountain of french fries.  I know it sounds a little strange, but it's very good.*   Waffles with strawberries and applewood smoked bacon.  The waffles were light and fairly crisp.  The bacon wasn't as crispy as I would have liked, but the flavor was very good.*   Bouchon's croissant is always worth ordering, as are the sweet pastries.  The one I remember the most was a blueberry muffin, flavored with blueberry juice and with bits of fruit, and a top made crunchy by a glaze of sugar.*   Yogurt parfait.  Rich and creamy yogurt, crunchy home made granola, and fresh berries.  The one time I ordered this, the yogurt was very good, but the berries were unripe and too sour.  Perhaps I'll give it another try someday.**Dinner**I've only eaten dinner here once.  It was a little more animated, and a little noisier, than at breakfast.  My meal consisted of:*   Beignets de Brandade de Morue.  Three small balls of mashed cod, covered in a thin coating, and fried.  In essence, a grown up cod fish cake.  Very, very good.*   Braised Lamb Shank.  This was a special, recommended by the server.  It was a large piece of meat, so soft it fell off the bone.  Served on a bed of potato puree, along with micro chives, capers, lots of garlic cloves, and pimiento strips.  The lamb flavor was strong, the garlic soft and sweet.  Also very good.*   Pommes Frites.  There was no need to order them, but I had heard such good things about Bouchon's French fries that I had to give them a try.  They were good French fries, but I was a little disappointed.  Perhaps all the hype made for unrealistic expectations.*   Bouchons.  Three small chocolate morsels, like brownies but crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.  The chocolate flavor was dark and intense.  Served with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream, it earned its name.*   Mignardises.  A few sweets at the end of the meal.  This is becoming more and more common, and is a nice touch.When I first read the menu, I was underwhelmed.  There were no knock-your-socks-off fancy dishes.  However, like breakfast, the chef concentrated on simple dishes, and executed them very well.  This was a very good meal indeed.A trip to Las Vegas wouldn't be the same without at least one breakfast at Bouchon.  I always leave in a good mood, ready for the rest of the day.
5	I enjoyed dinner here with my girlfriends as the capstone to our weekend in Vegas.  I was delighted with the entire experience.  Our server was clearly attached but was receptive to flirting and joking.  He was also a fantastic salesman...sous vide short ribs?  yes, please!  (Holy cow, btw, it was SO GOOD with fresh baby corn and shiitake mushrooms and a sauce that I could barely restrain myself from licking the plate...) The look and feel is authentic bistro, yet just having come back from Paris, this place could stand up among the best there easily.  Dessert was probably the best part.  We shared a sourdough waffle that was accompanied by cherry compote, hazelnut ice cream, Nutella (or a reasonable facsimile thereof), and vanilla bean whipped cream.  Apparently said waffle is a regular breakfast item.  I wanted to come back the next morning. The second choice (because four people CLEARLY demands two desserts, no?) was chocolate bouchons (really, a perfectly fudgy brownie thing) with vanilla ice cream.  Freaking amazing.  I was honestly a tad wary of trying to eat at any celeb chef joint in Vegas, but because Thomas Keller won't put his name on just any business proposition that comes along, I figured Bouchon was a good bet.  And, oh my, it was.  It's pricey, but still in line with practically every other nice place on the Strip. I wanna go back!!
4	we made reservations but had to wait. and our waiter was condescending and not funny at all. but i loved everything else. i loved my steak frites and the bread + butter, and the BUS BOY who was so innocent, shy, but helpful. the booth seats are SOO ITCHY!!! don't wear shorts or a short skirt because it WILL feel like you are sitting on dry and sharp bread crumbs. i sat on my napkin.
4	So I've come to the conclusion that Anthony Bourdain is kind of a sucky food critic. Why? Just look at the way the man smokes and drinks, WHILE eating his food! You think after all that tar and alcohol his taste buds are still working properly?? You only need to read his books to know that he isn't even conscious half the time he's eating. "Oh, we might've had the salmon, or maybe it was pork... I dunno, I was too drunk." Okay Tony, we didn't buy the book just to hear about your drinking binges... BUT ANYWHOOOOSo he positively raved about Bouchon, describing it as something every French restaurant should aim to be... just to be sure, I asked my culinary school-graduate cousin if she'd heard of Thomas Keller, and she was quite offended by that actually. I think she muttered something like "Doh" and "stupid bitch..."Well, that was incentive enough for me to make reservations at Bouchon the next time I visited Vegas, and, taking Tony's advice, I ordered the Poulet Roti. That's just a fancy name for Roast Chicken. My bro had the mussels, which came with a huge cone of pommes frites, which is another fancy name for French fries. My chicken, as expected, was thoroughly enjoyable. The skin was crispy and delightfully tasty, and the breat was... JUICY! As I sliced into the tender white meat with my knife, I could see trails of juice squishing out of it. So I dumped my knife and fork and dug into my plate with my TEETH. That's how real foodies do it, guys, we use our hands, just as God meant for us to do.The mussels were okay... simple white wine/garlic sauce... but it had a sour tang to it! That baffled both my bro and me. Maybe it's how they make their sauce? With an extra squirt of lemon juice? Not our cup of tea, thankyew vewy much. Mmm, I heart the fries. I think they were the star of the meal, being crunchy and uniformly salty. Kinda like McDonald's fries, with less preservatives and a lot fresher. Yum. Fries. Oh yum.But in the end I have to take off one star because it was good... but not THAT good, ya know? I dunno, maybe I just need to puff on a few of those cancer sticks and order a couple bottles of their finest wine... then maybe I'll think UMG the food here is outta this world!!!!!
5	There is nothing I could possibly say that express my lust for Bouchon. I want to make love to him everyday.
4	everytime i go to vegas, this is THE place i go to get quiche. I think you can only get it for brunch so come early! it is so so soo good.!!   the crust is crispy  and the inside of the quiche is different from a lot of other quiches i've had.  Other places make the egg overcooked and the crust dry, and either too salty or not salty enough.  Bouchon 's quiche is just perfect and delictable!  the inside is not to firm and has the consistency of a flan.   the only negative thing i have about this is that they dont give you enough.  the slice is pretty small and the mixed baby greens they give you on the side is so pitiful!  But... thats okay. im still willing to eat you up my yummy quiche!       i also really love their corned beef hash! its actually real cubed corn beef hash and potatoes...  you may be used to eating the mushy corn beef with oil oozing out from all over! yuck!  Bouchon does it best!     Their croque mademoiselle is probably a 3.5-4*.  I didn't think it was that great. The flavor combination wasn't anything new.  It looks really good, but didn't wow my tastebuds.  However...My friend ordered the special of the day: steak and eggs.  so cliche for brunch but...omg it was delicious! it came with caramelized onions and herbed potatoes in a cast iron skillet... the steak was cooked just right and was very flavorful, but still had the meatiness to it!     The environment is really nice.  its an open French restaurant nestled in the back of Venetian and away from the hustle and bustle of the loud casino atmosphere.  It has a gorgeous garden pool view and large windows that let in the bright desert sun! love it! EDIT** THEY ARE OPENING ONE IN BEV HILLS! WOOOOOT!
4	My biggest memory of Bouchon is the fact that it's so overwhelming, and by the time you get upstairs and go through the indoor-outdoor garden and to the restaurant, you easily forget what city you're in, which is pretty hard to do in Las Vegas.  No fanny pack crowd with a giant cup of slots winnings and a comp voucher here.I'm never very impressed with French bistro food, and I don't know why. I can appreciate the quality, but I never eat at a place like this and say "wow, that really hit the spot."  That said, I got a roasted chicken that was pretty decent.  And I could eat their bread to the point of explosion.Service was not bad.  The place is very open and bright, so I would not categorize this as intimate dining, but it's still an impressive space.Overall, I was more impressed with the experience of the place than the actual food on the plate, but it was so over-the-top that I'd recommend it, if at least you want to escape from the buffets and be teleported away to someplace completely different.
5	My favorite place for breakfast in all of LV.The pastries can't be beat.  We always get the pastry basket & munch on them throughout the day.  Even the next day they beat most other bakeries.The quiche is the best.  So good that I bought the Bouchon cookbook to replicate it at home.I love dinner there as well.   The Braised Pork is the best I've ever had.  I still have foodie dreams about it & then my mouth begins to water.  The service has been hit or miss.I love the bistro atmosphere.
5	Thomas Keller's Bouchon is a must stop for me when in Vegas. It's a strong reminder that attention to detail pays off.If you are interested in the food business, go between rush hours and ask for a tour of the kitchen, but only if you are serious, as the crew takes pride in the kitchen and it shows. I think it be a sin to waiste thier time.Remember "bouchon" is french for "cork" and in slang it basically means corner kitchen or bistro. And it is a bistro!!...so relax, uncork the bottle and enjoy as it's not ment to be a stuffy "restaurant". This is the place to get the good stuff. Food prepaired with thought and care and again, attention to detail, from the marketplace to the washing of the plates.
3	Wanted to love it. I really did. I didn't try the original Bouchon in Yountville when I was there, so I made reservations to try the Las Vegas outpost as soon as I knew when I would be there. In a nutshell, the service and decor were top notch, but the food was lackluster. My gnocchi with summer vegetables came out with a few strips of red bell pepper and a scant smattering of mushrooms. What, no squash or carrots or green beans in Vegas, Thomas? The menu did say SUMMER veggies, didn't it? It was far enough from the description that I really wanted to send it back with complaints to the chef, but alas, I just picked around the edges and left the rest alone. Somehow my server didn't notice my nearly full plate of pasta. Perceptive!In Yountville I made Bouchon Bakery a staple, and I think I'll stick with that. The restaurant just didn't cut it for me.
4	I may disappoint some with this review because I ordered something very basic for brunch. I had the oatmeal with cinnamon and caramelized apples...which I never order anywhere else because I'm more into the big  breakfast. But, I ordered it because I needed something a little lighter and it probably had the most fiber of anything else on the menu. Ok, enough said about the fiber...The oatmeal was delicious and delightful. I had my apples on the side but ended up eating them all by the end of brunch. We had Bellinis to celebrate with our bachelorette and it was refreshing on a very hot morning. Service was friendly and brunching outside near the pool added to my enjoyment!
5	BOUchon = BOUrgeois... talk about fine dining... Bouchon is simply amazing!On our company trip to Las Vegas this weekend, one of our planned activities was a dinner at Bouchon. There was about 20+ of us, so unfortunately, we had a set menu but the menu was the best of the best they can provide! First course - Corn Soup + Salad. I had the corn soup and I must admit it looked like a full bowl of mustard. Let me just say - it was quite simply AMAZING!!!!!! There was not one person in the house that didn't love it. Main Course - Steak / Salmon / Chicken. I had the steak and that, too was just decedant! The mashed potatoes were great, and the carmalized onions served on top.............. Ahhhh to die for! Dessert - Caramel Custard or Lemon Tart. I had the caramel, it was good but not my favorite but don't think too much into it as I usually am not a dessert fan. Lastly, to end the evening... we had ABSINTHE DRIP. Yes, the alcohol that is illegal here in the US. It tasted awful, but I did it more so for the experience. Definitely try Bouchon if in Vegas, but most fitting for a special occassion (anniversary or birthday, etc). You can thank me later...
5	I eat a lot.  Every so often I get to have a meal that takes it to the next level.  Bouchon was definitely that meal.In the tacky wonderland that is Vegas, it is so tucked away that if you subscribe to Retards Monthy (as I do), you won't even be able to find it.  It's all hard wood, high ceilings and soft lighting, opening out onto a veranda.  I don't remember as much about the food as I should, but I remember tasting the Keller influence.  God, I love that man.  He makes food so evocative.  Like, it will remind you of the best thing your mom ever cooked, without actually tasting like it.  Please don't mock.  I mean it.  Anyway, I do remember the texture of the pork belly.  All crispy crackly on top, giving way to tender fatty goodness below.  (Homer Simpson noise here.)Also awesome was pointing out to my friend that there were some whores a few tables down from us.  I thought them waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy too good looking to be with the douchebags they were supping with.  Then my former best friend noted that one of the douchebags they were with owned the Kings and the Palms.  Mr. Maloof's identity was confirmed by our waiter.  Shcore.  Pseudo celebrity siting.  Anyway.  Go here.  It's a welcome respite from the tacky hustle and bustle of most of the Vegas strip.  You'll feel all civilized and shit.  Also, if you go, I will be your whore for the evening.  Provided you pay for dinner, of course.
5	Congratulations Thomas Keller.  My meal, actually my whole experience, at Bouchon was the best dining experience I've had to date. Everything about it was exceptional from start to finish.We were seated at a great table and were instantly welcomed by our waiter.  He was very friendly and helpful, helping us make several selections, and was always attentive but never overbearing. We selected a fabulous wine from their list and the half carafe turned out to be the perfect size.  At the conclusion of our meal I also ordered one of their cocktails- the Bridgette Bardot- which was phenomenal.  I was nervous it would be overly sweet but it had a perfect apple flavor, a real apple flavor, not a sickly sweet syrup.  I highly suggest it.We started with the escargot in pastry puff that was soaked in oil and garlic.  It was one of their specials for that day so I'm not sure if it's always on the menu but if it is, I would highly recommend ordering it.  I ordered the gnocchi for dinner which was absolutely extraordinary.  The gnocchi is made differently from Italian style gnocchi, with no potato but instead pastry puff.  The portion was very generous and the combination with tomatoes, leeks, and goat cheese was perfect.  My husband ordered the slow-cooked lamb shoulder, also a special not on the menu, and couldn't believe how amazing it was.  The lamb literally fell apart with the touch of the fork and was perfectly seasoned and was complimented by the garlic risotto. The waiter informed us that Keller actually pioneered a new method of slow cooking that was so different that he and a few other chefs had to devise the health code regulations that govern the new method because there was no standard for it.  The waiter informed us that they always offer some special slow roasted dish - whether it be meat, vegetable or even fruit for dessert.  I would highly recommend getting whatever dish features this amazing technique.For dessert we chose the beignets, which are cream filled fried dough pastries that came with chocolate ice cream and chocolate sauce.  They were the perfect way to finish off the meal.  My husband enjoyed a very good cappuccino and we both enjoyed the plate of mini cookies that they brought to us.  The sommelier also helped my husband choose a cigar from their cigar menu for later in the night.This was truly a fantastic dining experience.   I am eager to return and try their brunch and I highly recommend it for a relatively inexpensive dinner in Vegas.
5	My first Thomas Keller experience and certainly not my last. The three days I stayed here in Vegas, I ate at Bouchon every morning. All three different meals, and all excellent. My favorite would have to be the jardiniere breakfast which includes a fruit salad, a pastry (i had the pecan sticky bun...mmmmmm) a tomato and leek gratin, eggs, toasted brioche and country potatoes. sounds like alot, but the portions were perfect so i didn't feel like a total glutton. of course a nice bellini goes very well with it too! also, if you happen to want meat, i'd definitely recommend the bacon. sooooooo good.
5	Bouchon is one of our favorites. Whenever we are in Yountville or Vegas, we have to try to make a run for Bouchon. The food is absolutely amazing and wont break the bank like Per Se or French Laundry. That said, its still not cheap. Expect to pay roughly 30-50 per entree, but its WELL worth it. The atmosphere is very bistro so dont expect it to feel like fine dining in any way. However, the food is amazing.
4	I think I love French food. Everything I had at this restaurant tasted really good. Good flavour, good combinations, and nice setting. I had the french onion soup to start. The cheese melted nicely on top. The onion soup was also tasty. I had the Poulet Roti as my main course. It was a half chicken baked on top of ratatouille and something that looked like a pancake. It all went together really well. The other dishes on the table were mussels, razor clam soup, oysters, veal and gnocchi. The menus were printed what looks like a paper bag. If you are seated outside, the early evening becomes a little windy at the Venetian. Anyway, the food was really good and I would go here again if I had more money.
5	I highly recommend Bouchon for breakfast. Get there early for outdoor seating, the strawberry crouissants, and their specials. The hot chocolate is delicious, too. I went twice on my last trip. On both occassions, the staff was very polite and formal, but not too formal. The prices seemed very reasonable, as well.
5	from the creators of french laundry, this wonderful restaurant sits atop the venetian hotel. we had breakfast/brunch here and i was floored by the exceptional attention to detail. the food was absolutely mouth watering and beautifully presented.i had a fruit and granola bowl with a side of yogurt. the fruit was perfectly ripe and sweet, the yogurt cool and thick. the granola came in a pretty little bouchon package...it was filled with more than enough for the fruit bowl...that's why they put it in a package for you to take the uneaten portion home!don't think i just ate that for breakfast...we are of course talking about a glutton here. then i had lox on baguette. possibly the best baguette i've ever had in my whole life. the crust was thin and crisp/crunchy, the center of the loaf was soft as clouds yet had a chewy bounce! the lox was delicious and the fixin's were top notch.creamy and thick hot chocolate with a side of freshly squeezed orange juice, and i was ready for a full day of vegas adventures (equipped with leftover granola to snack on!)
4	I am tempted to give it 5 stars, but the service was a little off.  Nothing horrible, just not as smooth as I would expect. Service aside - breakfast was fantastic!  I have eaten at the Yountville location several times, but this was my first opportunity to try the Vegas outpost.  The location is a beautiful place to start your day.  It has an abundance of windows and sunshine and the decor doesn't have the "Vegas" feel to it.The menu selections all sounded intriguing, but I opted for the item called french toast (it was bread pudding with custard and apples), some pastries and a fine latte.  Everything tasted delicious and I will definitely be back.
5	My whole family is totally obsessed with Anthony Bourdain and they talked about coming to this restaurant forever. It definitely lived up to the hype. The steak frites? Out of this world.
4	Enjoyed a delicious breakfast here. Everything was great, decor, service and the food. Menu is interesting and I had a hard time choosing something because so many of the choices looked good. The fresh bread placed on your table is excellent. The french fries are as good as advertised.  Terrific coffee as well. Would love to try lunch or dinner but didn't have the time. Come to Bouchon, you will enjoy it.
4	The food here was really tasty. I'm sure it didn't hurt, that my friend worked here at the time, so we did order all the yummy stuff =P.I had the Truite aux Amandes. Very delicious! Probably the best trout I've had to this day. Don't let the "haricot vert" fool  you though. It's just French for "green beans". Not a big fan of Cod brandade, so I'd pass on that. The ambiance is super nice. They have an outdoor patio, and even in the sweltering heat, I still enjoyed the meal. I'd come back here, JUST for the trout! It's so damn delicious!
1	Our hopes were so high for our dinner at Bouchon. We had been in Vegas for a week for a conference, and literally hadn't left Caesar's in 5 days. Finally, the conference was over and we were free to leave the building. We went to Bouchon to celebrate and just have some fun! We were ready to eat, drink and spend some cash on dinner.  We got to Bouchon where we were off to a good start with one of the best dirty grey goose martinis I've had. We were seated at a large plushy booth, and opened the cute little paper napkin wrap/menu. Everything on the menu sounded so good!  And the downward spiral of our meal began with our waiter... First, our waiter, I really don't know what to say. He didn't know the specials, he was just not with it all. He took away mine and my friend's empty wine glasses w/o offering another glass of wine. 3 out of 4 of us ordered the apricot and arugula salad, which was actually nectarine and arugula salad and he didn't mention it when we ordered it. We finished our salads, and then we waited, and waited, some of us with only tap water now to entertain our palettes, and waited, and waited FOREVER! Seriously, during our wait we never saw the waiter (nice play on words there!). Then he shows up and says, "sorry for the little wait. haha." And I'm like, "We're really annoyed with the wait." And he pretty much just laughed again and walked away! Mo-Fo!  At this point I just wanted to pay for what we had already eaten and leave.  But our food finally showed up.  It was OK.  I had the steamed mussels in white wine broth served with fries.  Some of the mussels were not open.  I always thought that was a sign of bad shellfish and you shouldn't serve it.  The broth was good when soaked up with the bread, but the fries were too salty. We had said during the meal, "The review will automatically get a one star rating if the dinner is so boring you fall asleep while still at the table." Well, we definitely almost lost one to dreamland at the table and the dinner did bore us all enough that it sapped our energy to anything with our one free night in Vegas.  Wanted to love it here, but totally did not deliver.  Just left the restaurant feeling ripped off.
5	Holy shiz, that was a lot of food.  As a friend of Thomas' we were treated to a fantastic assault of food.  This place has a very similar feel to Bouchon in Yountville but a much larger layout and a little busier feeling due to the number of tables.  Our waiter was "Jewish Paul" as opposed to "Spanish Paul" the Sommelier.  Paul was a very cool cat with a lot of personality who made sure the dining experience was fun and entertaining.  We started out with a tower of chilled shellfish from the raw bar.  5 different types of oysters, a dozen clams, a half dozen mussels, a split lobster, and a split crab.  What a way to start.  Next was a pumpkin soup (it might have been butternut squash, hope I got it right) done very nicely and topped with a meringue.  Then a myriad of appetizers, the charcuterie platter, smoked salmon rillettes (my favorite), and haricorts-verts.  For my entree I had the sous-vide wagyu skirt steak with apple-parsnip puree.  A pretty good dish, I had hoped the skirt steak would have been butter-tender from the sous-vide but it had been seared aftewards which gave it a nice crust (not a bad thing but different from what I had expected).  The apple-parsnip puree was wonderfully smooth, sweet, and balanced the meat nicely.  For dessert Paul brought us everything on the menu and a little more.  7 desserts all together, I think.  A creme brulee, flan, the signature chocolate bouchons with ice cream, lemon tart, coffee pot-de-creme, chocolate pot-de-creme, and ice cream filled profiteroles.  We also had a champagne to start and 3 wines paired with our courses.Price breakdown:  Bouchon can be tough to gauge depending on your appetite and food selection.  You can start with the seafood tower like we did for $100 or have foie gras and caviar which will run you the same or more just to start your meal.  Or you can opt for the less expensive dishes like the charcuterie platter or salmon rillettes which are closer to $15-20.  Entrees go from $20-40, desserts are roughly $9 each.  Closed for lunch on the weekdays, maybe open on weekends?  Breakfast is also served here every day, though I'm not sure how much that is.  Anyhow, a light meal might run $25 per person while an extravagant one like ours might be closer to $100-150 each.  On average I'd feel comfortable bringing $100 for two people which should cover an appetizer, two entrees, dessert, and wine.
3	Really 3.5 stars for me.  This is really a result of extremely high expectations.  I had very high hopes for Bouchon, and while it did meet some of those hopes and expectations, it failed to meet my overall satisfaction.Unlike other fine dining establishments, this particular locations is a lot noisier than others.  It could be cold stone tile that tends to reverberate noise more, or it could just be the spacious area with vaulted ceilings  that allow sounds to travel farther.  I was expecting a more private/intimate type dinner, but felt that it was interrupted by other guests' conversations or the clomping of shoes on tile.The food however was fairly good.  It wasn't French Laundry good nor Gary Danko's good, rather it was maybe on a even keel with Alexander's.  We had the veal and the trout, which mixed reactions for both.  The Veal was very tasty, extremely tender and a wondrous mix of flavors.  The pickled shitake mushrooms complimented the veal nicely along with a plum risotto.  The trout was very average, just seasoned, bakes, and topped off with peas and butter.  It really wasn't anything to write home about.I'm really surprised at how many people ooo and ahhh over the steak frites.  Hello?  Am I missing something here?  Isn't that just another term for "Steak Fries"?  All they are are seasoned and served on top of a steak of in a huge container.  When it comes down to it, it's still a 'french fry'.  I really didn't see how so much excitement and hype could come over a simple piece of fried potato.Overall the service was good, portion size was OK.  Prices are fairly reasonable for the quality, presentation, and variety of dishes you can choose from.  The Ambiance is nice, and on a nice day, I'm sure the patio seating is great to dine and relax at.however when it comes to the Bouchon name in Vegas, I'd go out of my way to go their bakery stand outside the Phantom Theater in the Venetian, but I wouldn't go out of my way for dinner at the restaurant.
4	i wanted spectacular--i got pretty damn good. this is a big, kind of noisy room, so if you're looing for quiet and romantic, this isn't the place. it is french bistro style tho, comfy, not overdone. the service was excellent. the husband had the french onion soup and the salmon. both were excellent, tho he claims he's had french onion just as good other places (i admit it--i doubt him) and his salmon had a very heavy creamy sauce he had to avoid. though he said the fish itself was excellent. i had the salt cod beignets--lightly fried and placed on top of a sundried tomato. so delicious. my mussels were also excellent, fresh and tender with the perfect amount of chewiness. my only complaint was there was way too much better in the wine/garlic sauce, making it a bit too heavy. i barely made a dent in the firtes--although they were pretty amazing. these people really know how to fry stuff. unfortunately we were too full for dessert.
3	Upon reading both of Bourdain's non-fiction books and seeing his show "No Reservations" in Las Vegas, I was so excited to go to Bouchon.  I was jonesing to try the steak frites.  Boy, was I disappointed.  The steak was just okay and the fries were run of the mill.  Maybe I'm spoiled living in San Francisco and always having high quality food, but I really thought Bouchon - Vegas would be better or at least just as good.  Do you want really good pomme frites?  Then go to Cafe Bastille in San Francisco.  If you're used to dining at Applebees, then Bouchon Vegas will blow your mind.  But if you're used to dining in NY or SF, you won't be so impressed.
4	And so it is. I read that Bouchon was voted the best breakfast in Las Vegas and my experience backs this up. The coffee is bold, the orange juice is fresh. Make sure you get either (or both) the French Toast with bread pudding or the sourdough waffles. And if you like pommes frites for breakfast, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not trying them here.
4	After eating at Ad Hoc in Napa, we were dying to check out Thomas Keller's Bouchon in Vegas.This was our first dinner stop on our Angela's birthday weekend jaunt. We arrived at 9pm pretty late for our 7:30pm reservation due to the shitty traffic coming from LA. The hostess was very accommodating when i called to inform them of our tardiness. Once we were seated, the waiter came by and dropped a loaf of bread shaped like a branch on the table for us to enjoy.  I like the fact that this classy french bistro can be so laid back and unpretentious. The menu's were made of paper and folded like a napkin. We decided to try a few different items off the menu including one of the specials of the night. Our dinner started with the cheese plate and the charcuterie. The 3 diff cheeses with the honeycomb were just amazing. I wish i could say the same with the charcuterie, there was nothing spectacular and nothing popped out with flavor or bite. Our main course consisted of the steak frites and the slow cooked short ribs as one of the specials. Angela's steak dish was really good but not a memorable dish you could remember fondly. I had the short ribs with french green beans instead of white asparagus which they were out of. My main course also came with a bowl of soft polenta with a quail egg and black truffle. The short ribs did wow me with its tenderness and rich flavor. The green beans did nothing for me but the soft polenta was the "IT" part of the meal with its light elegant textures combination of the quail egg with the truffles. The side was so good that i could eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner 7 days a week. Overall it was a good meal with a few misses.
4	Well, one reviewer said that if I'm used to dining on NY or SF, this place won't blow my mind.  Maybe they didn't eat what we did.Granted, two of the four things we ordered were specials: a lovely capon rillette appetizer, and a top sirloin (slow cooked in a sealed bag with herbs for four hours, and it shows!) entree.  That appetizer was incredible, the top sirloin was delectable and from Australia, just like my date, and the salmon I ordered absolutely melted in my mouth, just like my d... err... anyway!  My warm goat cheese salad was amazing with plenty, if not too much cracked pepper on top.  I asked our waiter to bring lots of pepper, and being a total character from Chicago, he more than obliged.  I think he went a little overboard, yet otherwise, he was a really fantastic waiter, and I did find it hilarious, if not just a touch too spicy.  Delicious though!  He also chose us a very lovely wine to go with our meal, was a great conversationalist, and brought us tiny cookies from their pastry chef, who is diabetic, just like my date!  No kidding.Oh, and did I mention that the menu comes wrapped around your napkin, and they will fold your napkin for you if they come by when you've momentarily left the table?  They are SO attentive: truly excellent service.Overall, a lovely dining experience, and I look forward to checking out the others here in CA once I finally drag my classy butt up to the wine country.
3	bad servicewe reserved two tables (10/8) only to discover when we got there that they had been split up into four. not ideal.everything came out sooo slow. we had to ask for more bread three times just to stave off the hunger demons that were eating us alive.we ordered two cheese plates and were served (and charged for) four. boo.but the food is great. their signature chicken kicks ass, the goat cheese salad and salmon baguette are both predictably delicious. the fries are divine.
5	Like many, I really wanted to eat at a Thomas Keller restaurant, so we came for brunch. On the Bouchon website, you can try to make a reservation for breakfast/brunch and it will tell you that there's nothing available. Don't fret -- they just don't take reservations for breakfast. We waited about five minutes at 1pm on a Sunday (but a generally slow Vegas weekend). Another thing to watch for: there were sample treats in the waiting area!I had the croque madame, and it was really good. And yes, the fries were the bomb. My boyfriend had the sourdough waffles, and no joke, they really melt in your mouth. Everything was great, even the butter was distinctively delicious. Best of all, it was reasonably priced AND we walked away with leftovers.
4	So we've all heard of Thomas Keller and Bouchon (at least us from No. CA). I wasn't sure what to expect when I dined at the Las Vegas version. It was fantastic!! We flew into Vegas, our flight was delayed, we called and easily changed our dinner reservations (we were at 2nd seating). Our service was professional and non-hurried. We had a great leisurely meal. The Cod Beignets were fantastic! The Atlantic Fluke with lobster Hollindaise was really delicious.The best part was when they found out it was my hubby's bday, they brought out some profiteroles with a candle and just very classily left if and wished him a Happy Birthday. Additionally, my hubby wanted to take home a menu, they not only gave it to us (it is only just paper) but sealed it one of those postcards they seal your wine label in. Great service, great food.Only complaint - pain in the ass to find inside the Venetian hotel. You definitely need to know where you are going (it is not located on "restaurant row") and when we asked several people who worked for the Venetian where it was located, we got mixed and poor directions. Bouchon has a separate elevator, off the parking structure, I believe it is on the 10th floor, and allow about 10-15 min to find it if you walk through the Venetians main doors.
4	i came here in a large group of about 20 ppl last night, and it was great.  we had a private room off to the side, which was really nice.  for such a large group, we had a set menu.  we started w/ apps family style, which consisted of the charcuterie plate, marinated olives, and the rillettes w/ fresh and smoked salmon.  we also got two orders of the fois gras w/ toasted baguettes.  the salmon appetizer was delicious...nice and fatty and great on toast.  we then had a choice of the winter squash soup (YUM!) or endive salad.  i didn't try the salad, but it looked alright.  the soup was definitely a good choice for a wintry night.  for the entree, we had a choice of the roasted chicken, salmon, or steak w/ mashed potatoes.  since the steak didn't come w/ frites, we ordered those on the side.  the frites were made of freshly cut potatoes, so they tasted natural.now for the dessert.  we had dessert family style, and the portions were humongous!!  we got the raspberry beignets, a pumpkin pot de creme, some ridiculously rich and sinful choc brownies, and an apple crisp.  all of it was DIVINE, and i ate one of each dessert.  we still had a ton left afterwards and were able to take them w/ us for a late night snack!
5	After 4 days of living on cigarrettes, booze and cheeseburgers, coming to Bouchon and ordering everything they had on the menu for brunch was spectacular. Do not hold back, sit on the patio, order bottled water, YES get whatever the pastry of the day is and YES get the american breakfast with a cone of fries, the world's best eggs and a pound of bacon. Oh, and don't forget to eat the entire order of fresh bread they give you. After all, you just spent a day drinking an entire bottle of Vodka and discussing Internet marketing while smoking a pack of cigs in your 800 dollar hotel room. So, clearly, don't you deserve a treat!?
4	Why not 5 stars? Well, not all of the dishes are really 5 star worthy, and it's more of a 4.5 star review, but the two trips to this restaurant were rather different in feel, which leads me to a slightly lower review.I've now been here twice, and I can safely say, the 2nd time was much much better!  First, never get the gnocchi.  The first time, one of my fellow diners got the gnocchi, and unless you like French gnocchi, you will be confused and disappointed.  The waiter this time talked one of the people I was dining out of the gnocchi, and she should forever be in his debt.For starters, we had the cod brandade, which was excellent, their olives, which had a lovely herbal note to them, and the charcuterie platter, which was a little too much sausage, but just wonderful.We then had salads, with the warmed goat cheese, which provided a nice sweetness to the bitterness of the salad. It had a touch of fennel in the dressing, which also brought a sweetness to the dish.  It was very well balanced for a salad.  My dinner was the flap steak special. It had the thickness of a filet, but about double the size on the actual steak. It was tender like a filet, but juicy like a rib eye.  A fantastic cut of meat, though the swiss chard bed it sat on was rather on the salty side.We all had desserts, most getting the chocolate mousse. I personally had the creme caramel, but the table also shared a tarte citron, which was probably the best dessert they offered up.  I highly reccommend going here, and make sure to get a good waiter. The service we had was fantastic! He was funny, light, and kept the dinner fun and relaxing.
5	Bouchon Las Vegas is one of my favorite restaurants and yes my passport actually has stamps in it.  I've eaten at Bouchon in Vegas probably six times now; we stop in whenever the opportunity presents itself, most recently this spring.  While I've had better cuts of meat, the steak here is seasoned in a remarkable way.  I was warned about the gnocchi being different, ordered them anyway, and liked the change of pace.  The stand-by's on the menu will always be there for you so take a listen to the specials because this is a Keller joint and it's truly going to be something of the moment.  I'm not an oyster aficionado so I can't speak with authority on the raw bar.  Go through all the courses -- I had a wee slice of lobster on a few mixed greens here that re-defined salad for me.  The macaroni and cheese is heaven in a cast iron miniature pot.  The pot du creme may be a little better than the chocolate mousse, but I think the flavor changes.  If you have a sweet tooth, do not be afraid or ashamed of having two desserts, preferably one with the house-made ice cream..  Breakfast here may well be the most you'll ever spend for bacon and eggs and it's worth fighting through the hangover and waking up early for it.  The eggs florentine were to die for and do not skip the pastry.  Definitely sit outside while you sip your fresh OJ and coffee as it's probably the only non-recirculated air you'll be able to enjoy in Vegas.I really like the look of the place; the zinc bar and the tiled floor has a certain charm to it, but it might be a little cliche.  I like the fact that you have to wind your way through the Venetian to find it; it's a hideaway that provides you a two hour respite from Vegas.  The dining room is open, though, and as such is crowded and noisy.  You're not going to have any intimacy here.I have had both stellar and service that wasn't so much here, but at it's worst I wouldn't say it detracted from my enjoyment too much.  If you stay away from the expense-account-only menu items and the prestige wine list, you should be able to have a positively memorable meal at Bouchon.  You will almost certainly do worse if you're in Las Vegas for any length of time.
5	the BEST decision we made in vegas FOR SURE.I cannot eat breakfast anywhere else now in Vegas in future trips. I had the sourdough waffles (great). My friends had the french toast (like bread pudding!), the ham/cheese/egg sandwich (awesome), and the sausage and eggs (this sausage is out of this world - it's actually soft and tender, not hard and chewy).the mimosa was the bomb. don't eat anywhere else, especially dumb places like studio cafe (mgm) for convenience because you end up paying the same amount for shitty food.*edit*Came back here again and again. Love the Moules Frites, their oysters on the half shell for dinner.
5	I love how this restaurant feels casual, but elegant and nothing like Las Vegas.  Its like a little oasis where good food and great service collide.  I went with a group of girls right after finals and we really deserved an amazing meal and Bouchon delivered.  The steak special I ordered was excellent.  Flank steak has been the cool thing for some restaurants to serve for a while.  Sometimes its a little stingy,  tough or underseasoned.  Not at Bouchon - the steak was perfectly seasoned and meltingly tender.  Mmmm, I do love some bloody meat and potato puree.  The bottle of wine we ordered went well with the meal and the server was helpful and knowledgeable.  The whole meal was well balanced and enjoyable.  If you want a good meal, particularly one that makes you feel like you aren't on the Las Vegas strip, try Bouchon.
5	The observant and clever husband of a friend of mine came up with this word: "lobotomille"-- it's a chimera of "lobotomy", "thousand[s]" in Italian, and "milling".  He came up with this word after he and my friend went to Las Vegas for a few days, and if there ever was one word to capture the essence of Sin City, I would place my vote for this one. Bouchon, however, is one of the places in Las Vegas where you don't have to rub shoulders with The Rest of Them.  Just put your head down as you go past all the slots in the Venetian and get to the elevator as fast as possible, and then you get to walk into the restaurant with perfectly tinkling water glasses, Massive Attack at ideal volume in the background, and some really really fabulous French bistro eats.  I went there with two friends for dinner.+Cocktail: Brigitte Bardot (Spanish calvados, Campari, cassis, apple juice)+Plate du Fromage: Tomme du Dauphine, Rogue River Blue, Black Gold with sliced fuji apples and New Zealand honeycomb+Salade de Poires, Noisette et Roquette (bosc pear salad with hazelnut brittle, arugula, and pear vinaigrette)+Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde (Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, and saffron served with pommes frites)+Profiteroles with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce+Port: 1970 DelaforceDon't forget, kids, that Anthony Bourdain went to Bouchon with the express purpose of dumping on their pommes frites-- after all, Tony and Les Halles are supposed to have the drop on fries-- and he takes one bite of the fries and mutters, "fuck."  THAT'S HOW GOOD THE POMMES FRITES ARE, PEOPLE.
5	Took my gf here this past weekend for a nice little dinner in Vegas. The worst part of this restaurant experience is finding it- we walked around the casino for 10 minutes trying to locate it, but after asking 2 employees where it was, we finally found out it was right near the main entrance to the Venetian (which we had entered from 10 minutes prior), tucked away to the right of the check-in desk and up 10 floors in the suites tower. Once we got there it was a great experience. I can't say how much of Thomas Keller's influence is on this place (he obviously does not cook there, and we're still planning a FL visit) but if he had any effect whatsoever, it had to have been good. The restaurant has a casual yet elegant feel, and the service was impeccable and not in any way obtrusive. That's exactly the service I like- help us out when service is needed, but stay out of the way for the most part. Dishes were promptly cleared, water was filled at just the right intervals, and the pacing of the food was on point. Our waiter was informative but not pushy.We started off with the parsnip soup and mac and cheese side, which were both excellent. I choose the roasted chicken based on our waiter's recommendation and my gf had the steak and frites (basically a really nice version of steak with fries on top). Her steak was one of the better steaks we've had in a restaurant, and we've had alot. The chicken was tender, moist, with just the right amount of seasoning on the crispy skin. I was pleasantly surprised with the portion size, we couldn't make it to dessert because we were so full off of our appetizers/entrees. We probably could have done without even one of the entrees and still would have been full. I actually felt a little sluggish after, but I don't think I'm used to all that butter and cream in my diet. It's definitely worth unbuttoning your pants for though.
4	Don't confuse this place with Joel Robuchon's in MGM. I did (and felt really stupid about it). This is Thomas Keller's restaurant, which means its good food. But it is NOT fine dining like Keller's other establishment, French Laundry, and Joel Robuchon's. Bouchon is casual, relatively speaking. There is no prix fixe menu and there are no wine pairing options. Instead, its a traditional a la carte menu and an extensive wine list. Our waiter was incredibly attentive and helpful, choosing the perfect wine to pair with our orders of Beef Cheeks and Steak and Fries. (They had fancier names on the menu, but I can't remember.)The Steak and Fries is pretty standard, but unlike many other expensive restaurants, they weren't skimpy on the portion. The Beef Cheeks was a warm and filling dish, satisfying in the cold weather. We also had the Macaroni Gratin (glorified mac n' cheese, but very creamy and delicious), Oysters (the freshest I have ever had, they didn't even need a sauce to add flavor), Duck Confit (average, but well garnished with grapefruit to cut the saltiness), and Pear Tartin for dessert (possibly the highlight of the entire meal).It was an enjoyable meal and I may recommend it to others, but with so many choices in Vegas, I have checked this one off my list and plan to try Joel Robuchon's the next time around.
5	Just another Bouchon Review ...but hey...it's my first time there !!  on my SO's days off  we tend to sleep in late so our first meal is usually at 2-4 pm...not exactly the best time to eat at a restaurant ...is there a  word similar to brunch for the timeframe between lunch and dinner...Linner ?!?! Anyways, made a couple $$$ on the tables so decided to splurge and ordered the foie gras pate....$48 for 5 oz. ...it ain't cheap but it is delicious !!! ( i added pics of our meal )  the food selection  was limited... we  were told it's their bar menu - SO had the lamb sammie, i had the ham croquette sammie...both came  with a huge pile of french fries...can't remember if the menu said pommes frittes or not !!  the fries  were very tasty a little more on the salty side but i like them that  way.The sammies  were very good - loved the perfectly cooked egg on top of my sammie  with the silky smooth sauce...the lamb  was delicious but SO and i agreed a little too much onion on top.the foie gras served as our appetizer and dessert . we really loved the look of this place, the garden/patio next to it and the feeling that you are far remved from the vegas hustle ... we agreed that  we have to give this place a try during normal biz hours...especially at dinner
5	Been here twice and had an excellent experience both times.  Everything I've ordered or sampled from friends was exquisite--the best mussels I've ever had, and the fries are simple yet flavorful.  Grilled salmon I recall was not too overbearing with just the right texture.  The desserts are equally impressive.When my friend left to use the restroom, our waiter immediately came by and picked up the napkin on her seat to fold it.    Nothing extraordinary about their martinis.  Champagne is a must for mussels, to bring out the flavor.  Ask the waiter for suggestions if you are unsure.I wouldn't go to Vegas without stopping by Bouchon--but don't forget to get reservations--they get quite busy.
5	TOP CHEF REUNIONWow.  This was one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas, or anywhere for that matter.  Adding to the memorableness (is that a word?) of the evening, my party was seated next to none other than the two most reviled contestants in the Top Chef series, Marcel and Hung with their "dates".  This added to the already excellent people watching in Vegas, as we got to see all the servers and chefs buzzing around their table.Back to the food though...This was a meal to remember.  We started out with some briny PEI oysters, the etherial Pate de Campagne, and the decadent Confit de Canard.  Incredible.  I've had mixed experiences with pate in the past, but once I slathered it on my bread, added a touch of mustard and radish, and took a sip of my chenin blanc....it actually made me pause wide-eyed, and stare at my friend across me who apparently experienced the same reaction as a clanging of forks and knives quickly clashed to claim the remainder of the plate.   From that bite, we were sold.  But there were more dishes to come from the Truite aux Amandes (pan roasted trout with almonds....worth committing a crime for) and the Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde (mussels with saffron and mustard...you'll need extra bread).  My only regret is that I didn't discover this place sooner.
5	Confession: I picked this place for our group's dinner soley because of Bourdain's "The Nasty Bits" (although the fact that it's Thomas Keller's restaurant definitely played a huge part in our decision to go).We had a table of seven people - while large group dinners usually make me nervous, Bouchon was a wonderful experience. The service was excellent and the decor was beautiful...it really made you forget that you were in Vegas. It is a little hard to find, but if you enter the lobby from the taxi drop-off, directly to the far right is an elevator that takes you straight to the restaurant.The FOOD...simply fabulous. The fois gras was huge - with seven people, we were barely able to finish it! I had the mussels, which were good...but the fries that came with it were even better! Overall, a very enjoyable meal. I highly recommend that if you go to Vegas, you stop to eat at Bouchon.
4	Well, this place was off to a great start as their bread was baked fresh and they put a good effort into getting it as close as possible to authentic French bread.However, I must say that the food is mediocre compared to what I expected since I heard the rumor that the owner is the same as that of French Laundry's. Service was excellent and the juice is fresh, just the way I like it. This would be a great place to start off your mornings as I haven't had a chance to try out the evening menu yet.
5	How can dining at a place at the same time as the current TOP CHEF winner - Hung and previous runner-up - Marcel not make you feel like you made the right decision???Dining at Bouchon was a culinary turning point for me.  First it gave me a new appreciation for French cuisine and second it checked off a few slots on my foodie list:  1) Most Expensive Meal Ever 2) Best Meal Ever 3) First  Time trying Pate 4) Best French Fries Ever  I know the second point may sound like a stretch, but I don't kid on the seriousness of how excellent my dinner was.Here's what I started with: Pate de Campagne and Confit de Canard.accompanied by a chenin blanc to enhance flavor.  For intermezzo, we had a Woodford Reserve Bourbon and a half dozen oysters for entree I had the Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde.  And, if that weren't enough, dessert was a French sampling of items served with fresh strawberries and accompanied by Irish Coffee. It, by far, exceeded my expectations and didn't make me think twice about how enormous the bill was.  I can only speculate that the Top Chef guys were given special "off menu" items by the Head Chef, but I don't really care, I was more than happy with what I had.
5	I loved this place.  I have yet to go back again, but I definitely will.   My husband and I had such a good time here.  We sat outside on a warm summer night and the food was heaven.  The bakery downstairs has these awesome "oreo" type cookies that I go back to occasionally just to have them.  Anybody coming to Vegas....take it from a local....this place is good!!
5	If there is one rest. you can go to that not only has a top chef , great food and wonderful unstuffy atmosphere all mixed into one, it has to be Bouchon.  This place is absoultely fabulous.  Its the type of place that you would come to treat yourself to some really great food but not have to deal with the stuffyness.  A group of us tried Bouchon for dinner.  Everyone's dishes were made wonderfully.  I personally got the steak and it was just so well cooked.  Foie Gras is perfect for to share with a group.  Seriously, try this place.  I will be back.
4	I didn't actually have dinner here, rather some amazing potato leak soup, bread and a few Chimays and some great Pinot. Some co-workers had the steak frites and really enjoyed it. The waiter seriously sucked though... not sure how he got the job but he literally knew nothing about the wine and was a little rude. Aside from him it was a nice place to hang out with some great people and have some good wine, food and lots o laughs.
5	Amazing
5	Rating:  8.75 (out of 10)Hands down the best breakfast in Las Vegas!Sometimes it's hard for a restaurant review to live up to such superlatives, but I don't think that such words do Bouchon enough justice.  To be fair, I haven't ever eaten at Bouchon for dinner, so this review may be a bit incomplete.  The strange thing is, I don't really ever intend on doing so.  But without fail, any trip to Vegas will not be complete without a visit to Thomas Keller's french bistro (ironically found in a casino of Italian origin). The last visit there, I had my usual, Boudin Blanc Sausage, perfectly seared and tender to the touch of my lips.  My friend had the corned beef hash, which was wonderfully whipped and served in a cast iron skillet with two eggs hugging the top.  Of course, they were not of the canned variety, but freshly made, and perfectly salted (unlike some that are overly done).His girlfriend had the french toast, which almost looked more like a puff tartlett than your traditional french toast, but easily made up for it with a delightfully fluffy and richfully sweet taste.  The food here is almost to die for, and even if you can't do a full breakfast, I suggest coming here for a "continental" affair.  The pastry sampler should suffice, and the coffee...wow, the COFFEE!  As any gambler who stayed up too late the night before, nothing in Vegas gets you going all over again than the coffee at Bouchon.  It's so rich and full of robust flavor, it's almost a travesty to put any sugar or cream into it.  If you must, go ahead, but if you'd care to venture out, I suggest taking it black, and ordering the pecan roll.  The sugar from that should more than offset the bitterness from the coffee.I can't say enough about Chef Keller's perfect addition to the ever growing culinary landscape of Vegas.  There may be other dinner spots to rotate through during my many stop overs in Vegas, be it Guy Savoy or his mentor Joel Robuchon to Bradley Ogden.  But there will always be one place I can't skip over....the most important meal of the day, Breakfast at Bouchon.  Bon Appetit!
2	if you've ever been to the original Bouchon in Napa you'll be dissapointed with this one, as we were.  We ordered the onion soup with was to die for in in Napa, not so good here.  Everything we has was just average... drive to napa instead...dissapointed Thomas Keller
5	One of the top restaurants I have to dine at before I die is Thomas Keller's French Laundry.. but since I can't go to Yountville, I was dying to go to Bouchon in Vegas.  I honestly did not expect to go there this weekend since I was spending my MLK weekend with a bunch of college students on a budget (myself included - and I am even more broke now) but after debating, we realized we did want to eat at a nice restaurant - I was thrilled.  However, I was also super nervous since not only were we all on a budget but I was with a bunch of boys who can't stand small proportions (they didn't complain thankfully). Naturally, Bouchon was completely booked so we showed up at 5:00 and crashed in the lounge.  It was actually kind of comfortable, we just hung out on the couches and snacked a little until we were hungry enough for dinner.After nibbling on some of the bread (so good! warm and fresh), drinks, and the smoked salmon terrine (amazing! - they also brought out more croutons for us), we finally ordered dinner. Wow, the fries were so good. I usually don't eat fries but I was munching on everyone's fries around me.  I shared the trout with a friend, it wasn't too oily and the green beans were nice and tender.  I got to sample some of the steak, gnocchi, and mussels as well and all were superb.  I didn't get to try the salmon but my friend and fellow yelper, Doug K, who is normally a quantity over quality kinda guy said it was so good that his meal was definitely worth the quality over quantity.Overall, service was pretty damn good for being a group of boisterous college students who weren't even seated at real tables.  I had a bad cold so they kept coming by to refill my pot of hot water which was really sweet :)  Our waittress came by to check on us several times to make sure we had enough space and whether or not we were ready for our food.  We were honestly there almost 3 hours just hanging out and they were super nice and made us feel very comfortable.  I can't wait to go back again except hopefully, I'll be able to get reservations next time.Edit: Went here again with the boy WITH RESERVATIONS THIS TIME. It was amazing. Again. Lamb dish was a little too small but the duck confit hors d'oeuvre was incredible. As for the dessert, our waiter brought us something "off-the-menu" (Bouchons) and we gobbled it up in 30 seconds. absolutely delicious. I want to go back.. again, but there are so many other good restaurants in Vegas I have yet to try.  I suppose twice is more than enough.
5	Vegas for a girls weekend with ofcourse some boyfriends attachments, to full fill the much needed drama, and a well celebrated birthday. Our birthday girl decided this will be the restaurant we will celebrate her birthday at, great choice!So our reservations were at 9 and our fabulous limo ride dropped us of at 8:40, and we had one missing, but guess what they still sat us before 9 and without our one missing friend.I loved the way the table was set, with the paper menu wrapped around our napkins, it was fabulous. We were approached on que, with this adorable waiter who tried to pretend his french, until one of my gf's decided she was going to challenge him to a conversation. Anywho, he asked us what we will be drinking, tap, bottled or sparkling. (thank you for the suggestions, vegas tap water is aweful ~ we had it at 4 in the morning the previous night)Bread was delievered with butter, and layed on the table, no bread plates, no bread knives, just warm toasty delicious bread! Thank you, there is nothing more than feeling like your making a mess at a nice restaurant, and feeling comfortable doing it! :)So, since we were in vegas we decided we're doing cocktails instead of wine, god forbid one of us gets to tired and goes to sleep. I ordered the Soliel off their cocktail menu, which is absolutly the most delicious drink I have ever had, it reminded me of mango Kern's nector juice with some great liquor in it. We then continued to order the whole menu, we had the special starter duck confit, which was cooked for 18 hours that day, it was delicious, we also ordered the pate, which I didn't like at all, but my friends did. Do order the muscles, they were exquisit, and they came with the best french fries ever. The remaining sauce tastes so good you want to take the pot and drink it, but we had to behaive and dip our fries or bread into the sauce. I also had their house salad, with warm goat chese, and even though balsamic makes me itch, I still went for the salad, it was perfect, there is nothing better in the world than warm goat cheese. For entree's I ordered the gnocchi, too bad I was so full to enjoy it, it too was perfect! Home made gnocchi with beets, brussels sprouts, and goat cheese, what else can one ask for. My friend had the trout which was beautiful I almost cried (j/k), it was prepared delicately with perfectly cooked grean beans and toasted sliced almonds, I was almost jealous I didn't order it, but she was kind enough to share :)! One of my other friends ordered the salmon, which too was unbelievable, and the leeks ...YUM! One of the guys had the steak, another the short ribs!  We brought cake, and they comped us on that too, and they comped some drinks. Our server was funny, we had an unbelievably great time, with wonderful service!
3	I don't know if I should have tried the Bouchon at Yountville prior to my visit to the Vegas location but what I will say is that I was somewhat disappointed.Yes, it's good. Yes, it's frenchy. Did it knock my socks off? Most definitely not. Is there anything original? Not really, everything is pretty much what you can find at your typical french restaurant: caviar, foie grois, etc.Or Maybe I was just expecting too much since Thomas Keller is the chef of this place. Pros:+ nice little location secluded from the shops in the venetian+ lots of sea variety such as oysters, clams, etc+ French feelCons:- wasn't very impressive, typical pretty nice restaurant- def. doesn't seem Thomas Keller status. Maybe only The French Laundry holds up to his true reputation
4	location second floor venetian....famed thomas keller's bouchon....restless 'n' excited for adventure...armed with eight p.m. reservation....greetings from hostess...guidance to bar to wait....casual, but elegant settin'....comfort for all levels of dress....simple menu 'n' extensive wine list....pricing reasonable  $twenty to $thirty-five average for entrees...wine pricing high from $sixty to over $four-thousand per....waitstaff for wine recommendation 'n' requesting wine flowing strong...startin' meal strong, hors-d'oeuvres...cheese plate, razor apple slicin' 'n' honeycomb...waitstaff to select a medley of favorites....reasonin' being self knowing nothing of cheese 'cept for american, jack, cheddar, swiss 'n' standard deli cheese....mixture of various levels of pungent cheese..spackle of honeycomb 'n' apple platin'....marvelous blend of taste...second, "rillettes aux deux saumons"...jar'd smoked salmon sealed in butter....an openning 'n' removal for butter...toasted croutons smeared with salmon excellent...enjoyed with marinated olives...olives being average..endless appetite..wanting experience of all...although impossible....order of "steak frites" (only served medium rare) 'n' order of supposed famous "pommes frites"...steak standard good size 'n' taste...although found nothing special...french fries a fancied "in 'n' out" like fries. ...redemption!...finding braised beef cheek more a liking...soft tender braised well flavored 'n' seasoned...just more tasteful for one wanting heavier play of taste...third tasting roasted chicken...succulent as expected 'n' seasoned tastefully as well.....bouchon a safe bet in vegas for standard american/french fare....ending meal with lemon tart and vanilla bean ice cream...lemon tart tangy and sizing of large slice of pizza....vanilla bean standard and high ingredient tastin'.....indulgence complete and meal a end.....while final bill coming up...damage of wine cost far exceeding the meal pricing....
1	This is a review for Sunday Brunch:  I really hate to give another review from my Las Vegas trip low stars, but they really deserve it. Upon arrival we were asked to wait 10-15 minutes for a table.  I enjoyed the space and the service/ cappuccino at the marble bar. (Moving forward I would recommend this portion for drinks only!) However, while we were at the bar, no one ever came to inform us of our table. My bf asked the host and there was no record of our name!  When we were finally seated, we ordered two breakfast entrees and a beignet starter( i was envisioning tasty puffs with powder sugar- like new orleans). The "doughnuts" were an inch round, undercooked and there were 3 on tiny plate for $8! boo.  When the meals arrived our table was still packed with plates and appetizer mess.....which was originally ignored and forced onto our cluttered table anyways.  It wasn't until I spoke up and pointed that we had no room to eat, that any of the wait staff saw it necessary to remove anything.  The food was very bland and unimpressive once we dug in- I had the boring waffles that sound fancy with vanilla bean butter, and my BF had the croque madam with is really just a plate of french fries and a burnt sandwich covered up with a salty bernaisse. I really feel like a tool for picking this restaurant as I have been a fan of Thomas Keller for quite some time. The one thing this place does have in common with a French Bistro is the snobby 'tude and "our food is the best in the world" mentality, when it clearly is not.
4	We love Bouchon.  It was a great way to spend our last morning in Vegas.  Sitting outside on the terrace having french pastries and coffee was a great way to wind down after a long weekend.  Our only complaint is that the kitchen was closed, because of a broken oven, the last time we were in town.  Maybe next time.
4	THE brunch mecca in Las Vegas.  Despite the long wait (minus 1 star for their no reservation-policy for brunch), we were finally seated and the server was prompt in taking our order.  Our drinks took forever, but my strawberry milk and caramel latte were complimentary, as our waiter was keenly perceptive of my boyfriend's disgruntled look.  Other than that, the food was scrumptious--you cannot go wrong with the Sourdough Waffles with Vanilla Butter, Candied Walnuts, & Bananas.  Also, be sure to take home some pastries!  Thomas Keller is a genius.
5	Headed to Vegas for a friends b-day, Bouchon was his selection.  I must say GREAT selection!As many others said, the location is a little confusion.  It is not in the regular area with the other Venetian restaurants, but rather next door in the Palazzo (about a week before the offical celeb intoxicated opening), and the signs were not that great.  Anyways, we found it an upon walking in it was so beautiful.  The decor was amazing, I loved it!  There was a party of 5 of us seated in a booth that most likely is for VIP....we had a view of the entire room.  (Quick back story....my friend made reservations for 4 and then the day before it changed to 5.  Well upon calling an additional guest was not possible.  However, the additional guest has a few connections in LA and therefore Vegas and she was able to get a party of five in.  Basically, what I was told after we left is that the restaurant thought one of our guests was writing a review).  Like another yelper, I also loved that the menus were cleverly wrapped around the napkinsFirst, let's start with the service.  For a party of five, we had about 5 different people waiting on us (and sometimes all at the same time, really it was a blast!).  Our waiter was great!  He was extremely personable and easy to like.   (I am not into the pretentious dining experience).  The sommelier was helpful and suggested great wines for the table.  And every plate was delivered and cleared with perfection.  The wine glasses were always full and bread always replenished.  Every single person that helped us was great.  The food was amazing as well!  We were brought some of the best bread, fresh from the over (still warm).  There were so many great choices on the menu.  Instead of a main course, I decided on the endive salad (beautifully presented and just as delicious), French onion soup (overflowing with cheese, the best part) and roasted bacon brussel sprouts (amazing) I was not disappointed in the least bit.  Other ordered the fish (salmon, I believe), chicken dish and of course the steak frites.  Of course the dessert was not to be ignored.  Although we each ordered a different dessert, somehow we ended up with 3 extra at the table (again, I think it had something to do with the rumored review).  I personally picked the creme brulee and was 110% happy!  This is one of my favorite dishes so I order it ALOT, and this may be been the best I ever had.  I forgot the other desserts, but I know there was not a morsel left on any of the plates! Everyone walked out very happy (and a little tipsy!)The bill was very reasonable, I was actually shocked!  While I like to have a variety when heading to Vegas for restaurant, I would have no problem returning!
4	Thomas Keller can make me breakfast anytime...well his peeps anyway.  The food is reasonably priced compared to the rest of Vegas, and it's definitely really good.  Brunch was filling and tasty, and I really liked the wine list...who wouldn't! Oh yeah there was a wait....like 2 minutes with free Bouchon pastries...I'll wait two minutes for those anyday!
3	whoa whoa whoa.... this place is WAY overrated. Maybe I didn't get the right stuff, or try the right  stuff. The chocolate croissants looked good. My egg plate was BORING with the exception of the potato mozzarella-stick-looking thing. Juice came in a large shot glass =$3.50 Service was good but overall the place is eh.
4	Ate here 2/13/08. Made reservation at 8:30pm, arrived at 8:35pm and was seated right away. Was busy for a Wednesday night. Elevators to the restaurant was right next to the elevators from the Venetian parking lot so location was convenient. We started with the pate for appetizer. Nice big slab of the pate with some radishes, pickles, some green and 3 slices of toast and mustard. I don't think they gave enough toast to go with the amount of pate given, so we used the rest with the complementary bread. Very yummy! For entree I ordered the slow cooked short ribs and my partner ordered the pan roasted trout and fries.The short ribs I heard was slow roasted for 12 hrs! It was incredibly HUGE! It must've weighed a pound at least! It came with creamy polenta as well. It was delicious! Big thick piece of meat, had to take the rest as left overs.The trout was equally delicious. Not a piece of bone in the fish. It was butterflied very well. Excellent crunch to the roasted almonds too. We also ordered cocktails. 2 Grand Cru and 1 Soleil. Grand Cru was delicious, that's why we ordered 2! No room for desserts unfortunately.Total bill came to $125 for two after taxes and before tips. Not bad for the food and place. It was however loud.
4	Ate here Feb 13.  If you are at the Venetian for a trade show and you need convenience, this is an all around winner.That night was very windy so unfortunately the terrace was closed, but it looked like the terrace would be a lovely place to eat.  Someone said it was noisy, it might depend where you sit.  I thought it was quiet.  The service was excellent.  Like another Yelper here on the same night, we  enjoyed the trout. The side of garlic spinach was delicious.  Prices are high but typical for the location, so we didn't think it was over-priced.
5	OK, so the food is actually 3 stars.  But I had the best dining experience of my life at this place.  I met a waiter the night before at a bar at Luxor, I think.  He then invited me and my 10 cousins to dine at Bouchon the next evening in a private room.  Apparently, Lebron James ate in this room the night before.  I then received hands down the best service I could ever imagine at a restaurant.  We had over 4 servers, a tour of the kitchen, a gift bag with baked goods, and over 20 desserts served to us.  It was amazing.  The desserts were 5 stars, the canape was 5 stars, but my steak was 3 stars.  The canape was 3 squares of watermelon crusted with spices served with a caramel soy glaze.  Yum.  I'll never forget those, they were out of this world.
4	I'd been meaning to take my boyfriend to a nice meal since he always treats me.  I chose Bouchon because most people I've talked to raves about Thomas Keller and his establishments, and its location was convenient.I made a reservation well in advance (like in Jan, and we dined here 2/16) and snatched a nice table for two at 7:00pm.  Our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable and made our dining experience very enjoyable.  I loved that the restaurant was open and airy and BIG, and doesn't give off that claustrophobic and dark vibe many French restaurants tend to give off. The menu wasn't this big, stuffy, heavy book but was instead doubled as a napkin holder, made of a thin piece of paper. Clever.  After we had heard all the specials, I decided on the french onion soup and crispy sea bass in a creamy sauce made of chives with crepes of parsnip.  Bf opted for the steak frites.  His steak frites were about the best steak frites I've ever tasted.  French onion soup was PERFECT......perfect cheese, perfect soup, perfect in every way.  My fish was indeed crispy and tender and delicious, but somehow lacking that "wow" factor I was looking for. Maybe because the parsnips crepes were kinda bleeechhhhh.Service, as I expected was top-notch, especially the water/drinks waiter.  He deserves 5 stars for his attentiveness and consideration.Dessert: really really good.  we had the tropical sundae which was a medley of sorbets: cherry, mango, and coconut, bathing in a tangy tropical "soup" and topped with fruits (raspberries, kiwis, mangoes).  Absolutely delish.Overall, I'd like to give it five stars, because the food, service, and price were all very impressive.  The atmosphere of the place was also very nice.  But somehow it's just lacking in something that I can't quite put my finger on.  Maybe next time after I try their brunch I will give them five stars, but for now, I'm going to save room for them to impress a little more.
5	Aside from a very loud dining room, it doesn't get much better then this! Its the perfect combination of great comforting food, fresh ingredients and a warm cozy atmosphere. Oh how I love this place.Try to stick with the specials if you can.. both we tried, Scallops and Lamb Shank were absolutely perfect! Oh how I love me some warm nuts!
5	This was just absolutely amazing... and even better, it was comped for the four of us (ask me about this great story at some point). Even better, it was for my Birthday dinner with JMa, Chris, and John. What great company. Our server, Amy, was fantastic. The food kept coming, the wine was great (and even had a different bottle suggested, after the order was placed, based upon our tastes with the meal... what attention to detail).
4	I think this was a nice upscale restaurant, however I'm just not impressed that much if it costs an arm and a leg and its not orgasmic. I think this was very good, but I wasn't fully satisfied.Duck confit: Very good. I was very surprised at how it tasted, considering I'm usually used to Chinese duck. Salted and cooked just right.. tasted amazing with the cabbage.Mussels: Very good. Monstrous amount... and tasted great. Lamb: Was a little more chewy than I expected. Lacked a lot of flavor. Small. Garnish didn't go well with the lamb.Desert: Bouchons. Brownies with ice cream. Wow freaking good. Total bill came up to about 100 for two. I think the food is good. Service was very good. Best waiter ever. Knew his food and told us good choices. When we asked him what desert to get he straight up ordered it for us and it was the best there. It was a nice place to try, but I wasn't feelin the value. Probably should have ordered the steak.
5	Wow.  Hands-down the absolute best dining experience I've ever encountered at any restaurant, and the food wasn't half-bad either.  We came here for a delicious Sunday hangover brunch, and after about a 20-minute wait sitting down near the bar and being tempted by bloody marys, we were promptly seated.  Our server made meaningful and thoughtful recommendations, and was patient with even the most indecisive of our bunch who flip flopped on his order more times than John Kerry.  Between the five of us, we ordered two Croque Madames, two Kobe Beef burgers, and one French toast.   We also wanted strawberry milk, but they happened to have run out for the morning. HOWEVER, upon seeing our disappointment at this news, the server sent out a creme brulee and a chocolate and vanilla cream with cookies, "compliments of the chef." Thanks dude!  He also didn't charge us for the juices and coffee we ordered, which was a pleasant surprise on the bill.  In the end, the food itself was good - not spectacular, but the entire experience from the moment we walked into the time we left earned this place a 5-star rating.  And, we got out of there for around $30.00 a person including tip, which was less than a big bet on blackjack.  Score!
3	I have to disagree with the high-rated reviews. I came here with a rather large group this past summer and was really disappointed. We had a rather early reservation (5:30pm) so the restaurant itself was pretty quiet and not in the least bit crowded, yet the service was lacking and the food left much to be desired. There were 15 of us and we all ordered a variety of dishes but no one seemed particularly impressed by the food and there was nothing "fine dining" about it. Could have been an off night, or the dishes we ordered, or perhaps I just had too high of expectations for this Thomas Keller restaurant, but I don't think I'll be coming back here.
4	Thank you Thomas Keller.  A birthday dinner at Bouchon, who could ask for anything more.  Now mind you, I am not much of a fancy pants eater, but this place was pretty awesome.  I went there on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend and his grandma.  We didn't have a reservation, didn't need one, and got seated right away.  The cool thing is that the elevators take you straight from the parking complex to the restaurant, another awesome addition.  I did think it was odd that they throw the bread on the table, yet goood bread and better butter, in a cute little serving dish.  They also serve pistachios, which is my favorite nut, so I was happy.  After hearing the specials and looking over the menu, we decided on Duck Confit, Scallops (me), Short Rib (bf), and a watercress/endive salad (gma).  My bf also ordered a half bottle of wine, which was very good, but I forgot what it was.  The duck confit was amazing, I had never had it before.  Make sure that you get all in one fork full, the cabbage, and the grapefruit, yum.  My scallops were great, cooked perfectly with a good sauce.  My boyfriend's short rib was good, yet he thought it should have been braised longer.  Grandma enjoyed her salad and her coffee.  We didn't have room for dessert, but the choices were interesting.  dinner cost about $230 with tip, which wasn't too bad.  Overall, a really good restaurant, and I would love to eat here again.
5	Thomas Keller is a genius!  And I love that he does breakfast- my favorite meal of the day.  It was tough getting up early enough to make the 10:30 am cut off but it was worth the effort!  Midweek bfast is served until 10:30 on the weekends they serve brunch until 2:30pm.  Going for breakfast is a great way to taste the high level of cooking without the price tag of dinner.  A fan of Bellini's I was excited to see them on the list- and happy to say it was well made just like they do on the coast of Italy.  I would almost consider staying at the Venetian just to eat there as often as possible- except that the Venetian is just such a zoo I can't bare it!  Seriously the gondola singing gets old really fast.
5	I had one of the top 5 meals I ever had at Bouchon. Everything I tried was excellent. I even tried things I would never think of ordering (I went with a group so we shared a few starters) and even they amazing. Geat food. Try the pork belly for starters.
4	Hidden.  Walked in the front door and down toward the casino before realizing we weren't in the right place.  Go back to registration, and hang a right through a random doorway.  Weave your way to Bouchon... yes... it's calling you...Friendly staff, and totally able to accomodate a last minute party of 10 (this was on a week night, mind you).  Looks like you just walked into Paris.  Great traditional fare.  Order the Truites aux Amandes.  DO IT.  Trout.  Green beans.  Almonds.  Butter.  Sounds non-descript, but when you put them all on a fork together, you will have a serious food-gasm.Everything we had was great, and there was lots of picking of each others plates.  We literally closed the place down.  Coincidentally I started reading Bourdain's Nasty Bits on the plane ride home the next day, and he goes on and on about that dish... now if only I'd known in advance...
4	Breakfast was highly recommended at Bouchon, unfortunately I was not able to make it to breakfast. I am disappointed about that, but was at least able to have dinner here.At the mention of my intent to have dinner at Bouchon, a friend gave me a look of surprise and insisted I would not get in without a reservation. But what the hell, I tried. I arrived at 6:30 on a Monday night and got seated TOOT SWEET.I started with the confit of duck ($15), my dining companion had mixed greens with goat cheese. My duck was delicious, but in retrospect I should have had the smoked duck salad or the country pate. My main was the slow cooked pork short ribs with caramelized onions and creamy polenta ($32), my companion had the mussels and chips, er MOOL FREET. Companion raved about the mussels and pushed away the fries because they were deliciously evil. Me, the portion of the pork caught me by surprise.I was really expecting something a little more dainty, and it was a pretty hefty portion. Like, too much. If that was all I'd eaten, maybe I could have consumed it all. But with a starter and a dessert, no way. I ate about 6 bites and took the rest home. I had to, what with profiteroles on the menu, and I can never turn down profiteroles!The choux pastries were good, I got three of them ($10). Split, filled with a perfect ball of vanilla ice cream, and the server poured the chocolate sauce over the pastries from high up and swirled around the plate with a good flourish.The interior was elegant and calm. Really classy. In fact, much of the Venetian was elegant and calm, but that's another story. At bouchon I was well looked after by 2-3 waiters. I thought putting the bread right on the table was pretty, and I really liked snacking on the pistachios throughout the meal. So, I can't give it my top marks, because I still have a nagging feeling I would have been more pleased with a breakfast there. And my meal, which was recommended by the waiter, was really heavy and rich, and portions a little too big.  At one point in the meal I commented that I was probably just eating spoonfuls at fat at this point.  Tasty spoonfuls of fat, of course, but things could have been a little more balanced. I took my side of pork home with me, but still couldn't eat it all. I had to throw it away in the cigarette trashcan near the elevator of my hotel at the end of my trip. What a pity.Will I go back to Bouchon? OH MAY WEE.
5	Its been difficult to write this one. My friend reminded me that when a great meal renders you speechless, one must share the wealth.I just want to say that if your looking for a slice of heaven, this hits the jackpot.When in Vegas, go BIG. Bouchon is known and advertised as one of the breakfast/brunch places to go. My buddy and I chose to eat there for dinner. What a choice. Located in the Venice themed hotel "Venetian" we hunted down the elevator and walked the halls to get to the restaurant. Seated without a reservation, (only two of us though) we began our meal. Menus are folded over your napkin making you fold them out like a treasure map. Cool. Our waiter greeted us with such kindness saying he was just "peachy".  Seeing Anthony Bourdain eat here I had to order their fresh prawns and pomme frittes(french fries). I wanted to taste the hype about there fresh seafood and almost as good as Les Halles french fries too. Our waiter spewed out the specials with ease and we were both enticed by the Braised Short Ribs (cooked for 3 days slowly!!!!) with potato gnocchi, sauteed cabbage and carmelized rutabagas. Say no more.The prawns were HUGE and fresh and the fries lived up to there expectations, crispy and light. My buddy also order the French Onion soup which was absolute perfection with croutons and gruyere cheese bake to a nice crust at the top of the bowl. The soup was strong in flavor and not too salty or sweet.Last but not least, taking a bite out of the fork tender beef was just....uuuh fabulous! Everything in the plate complemented each other. The sauce for the beef, light butter cabbage with crispy garlicky gnocchi, and sweet/savory rutabagas. I'm salivating for it again already. My hat's off to the chef/owner Thomas Keller!!!I guess next time I'll check out breakfast..lol.
4	The Trout Almondine is heavenly here. I think it's the white truffle oil drizzled on top that makes this so good. Served with a side of string beans, this dish is masterfully prepared and well thought out.
3	Got lost trying to find this place and had to go through the elevators located near the valet parking garage... -1They offered complimentary almond pastries while waiting for our table... +2Sat us at a table that was so close to the one next to us, my right elbow hit the guy next to me's left elbow, while eating.... -1Bread and croissant were crunchy on the outside and deliciously soft on the inside.... +1Ordered a breakfast sandwich and requested the breakfast potatoes, yet still got the french fries.... -1French toast was excellent.... +2Service was attentive and refills on coffee and water were timely.... +1
5	I now know what all the hype is about. For a restaurant like this I expected pretentiousness and a long wait. I came for brunch and was seated after just a 15 min wait. Our waitress was sweet - service was great.The mussels with pomme frites were good, but the real star of the meal was the French toast with apple slices on top. It was small at about the size of a muffin but felt and tasted more like bread pudding (as described on the menu). Overpriced but worth it.JONASAPPROVED
5	We loved dinner so much here, we came back for the very next meal: breakfast!  Although I liked the dinner far better than the breakfast (predictable, given my vegetarianism and dislike of eggs), I still want to give this five stars.It's possible that I was dazzled because I really never eat at restaurants of this quality.  But if you also rarely dine like this, listen in:-Our server was adorable and fun, while still being respectful and unobtrusive.  Think about it --is there better criteria for a waiter out there?  He was like the perfect background music, and I'd go back for him alone.  I wish I remember his name --a young 30-something Polish guy.  But luckily there are many other reasons to return....-The cheese course was perfect in its range and selections.  Great accompaniments not only served alongside (honeycomb, the right breads and crackers), but also to the bread and pistachios at the table.-A wine list that gave just the right info to make good pairing choices.-I loved my gnocchi, served with winter vegetables in a mild and yet cohesive brown butter sauce.  It was heavy and greasy, and somehow that was a good thing.  A must-try!-Sides of pommes frites and mac and cheese set the bar for any future fry or mac 'n cheese, who will lose any battles they attempt.-Salad perfectly herbed and vinegared, worked great with the warm goat cheese.-The madiera tasting for dessert!!!  I had good madiera in storage before this.  Now nothing compares.  This may be a bad thing in general.  But that night, it was a very, very good thing.  1989 Madiera!!-I'm not a big breakfast fan, and I don't like meat or eggs.  (Anyone still reading!  haha)  But I can say that the french toast was excellent despite the egginess.  (It's more like a bread pudding, with apples.)  And the cheese danish was the best I've ever had.I'll not only be back to Bouchon next time I'm in Vegas, but Bouchon in Napa is now on the list for our honeymoon next summer!Absolutely worth every single penny (yes, ALL of them).  Go.
4	My date made a 9:15 reservation for us on a Monday night. We arrived slightly early and were encouraged to get a drink at the bar, which we did. It took quite a while to get the bartender's attention, but we did, got ourselves a few cocktails and took a seat in the lounge area (which is really just a bench seat with some tables between the bar and the host stand). We were shown to our seats a few minutes late, but that was ok. Our server Rebecca was fantastic. She was friendly and sweet, and helped us by immediately telling us the specials which were running low, in case we wanted any reserved. We ordered a starter of mussels and oysters, which arrived promptly and tasted amazing. It was the first time I've ever tasted the sea in an oyster, and my date is still talking about his mussels a week later. He was surprised that they arrived chilled, but got over it and loved them. My date ordered a side of the macaroni & cheese, which was fantastic. At least two or three cheeses, smooth and creamy. I ordered the daily special of cream of cauliflower soup. It was smooth, salty and fresh.For our main dishes, my date requested his litmus test dish of French fare: steak frites, and I ordered the special of the day, monk fish. The fish was splendid. Meaty, perfectly prepared with a sauce that didn't overpower it, it just helped it. Wonderful. My date wasn't very happy with his steak, however. It seemed tough, and rather than the traditional tender, thin cut his steak was quite thick. The sommelier helped us tremendously with his wine suggestions, but considering some of the prices of the glasses which, admittedly would have best suited the meal, we went with lesser priced glasses (which went just fine). For dessert my date ordered his favorite, creme brulee, and I ordered the namesake dessert, bouchons. We were too full to fully enjoy them, but they were beautiful and the handmade ice cream was fantastic.Our service was excellent, the atmosphere romantic and intimate. The prices were truly not as high as expected. We were encouraged to return for breakfast but were not able to. I would love to go back next time I am in town, there was so much on the menu I'd have liked to have tried.
5	We came for brunch one Saturday morning.  The decor is very french bistro, with mosaic tile floors and blue velvet banquettes.  The service was excellent, and the food was excellent as well.  I ordered a quiche, and the crust was flaky and light, and the custard melted in my mouth.  It felt like a very light dish, though I know it must've been butter laden.  The homemade apple cider donuts were also very yummy, as well as their chicken sausage and croque monsieur, which had the perfect amount of sauce.   The coffee was fresh and just strong enough, and their flavored tea was very good.  Just thinking about this place makes me want to go back!  Worth every penny.  Next time I'll probably also go for dinner to try their mac and cheese, which I've heard is fabulous.
2	This must be the worst of any of Thomas Keller's restaurants.  I'm sad to say I can't find anything positive to say about the experience.  Strike that ... the decor of this place is nice ... but pretty typical of Vegas standards.  The location within the Venetian is hideous ... I mean you practically have to navigate a maze to get to this place.  The service ... decent, but, sometimes slow.  They're friendly and polite, but sometimes seem to forget about you.  The food ... unexciting and frankly unreliable.  Go there a few separate times, and I can almost gurantee you that it'll be a different experience each time.  Anyone can be good once in a while.  But great restaurants are reliable.  Its unfortunate, but, I feel like this location doesn't do Mr. Keller's other restaurants any justice.
5	Oh how I count the days until I can dine at Bouchon again. I used to have a party there while in town for NAB but alas our company wanted to try something new last year.  They have a fantastic private dining room for groups of 15 or smaller and a big one for larger groups. Their wine list is phenomenal and they make excellent pairings upon request. Although the company doesn't go, I always make sure to have at least one meal during my annual voyage to Vegas.
3	Mmmmm I don't really get the hype. I mean, the restaurant was beautiful, the service was fantastic, and we got a private room which was a plus, but I didn't think the food was anything SPECIAL.
4	we had to warm up a bit to our waiter who was a little strange at first but then it all turned out good after we got his sense of humor and went along with it:)I had the salmon, FYI, the current menu on their web doesn't show the one I had wich came on  a bed of Leaks and some very tasty butter sauce. I chose a glass of Pinot Gricio and regrette not having taken notes on what kind it was...even though I developed a snobby taste for mainly red Syrahs and Zin's I loved this Pinot G.My friends had the: Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde:Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine,mustard & saffron, served with french fries, which was very delicious and plenty of food and the lamb is to die for:Gigot d'Agneauroasted leg of lamb with a ragot of coco beans,piquillo peppers, merguez sausage, & lamb jusUsually I don't order salmon in a restaurant because I got disappointed many times but this one was fantastic with a nice seared crust on top.I drank a muscat for dessert which was a perfect finish for my taste buds:)
5	Perfection.Looks very pretentious... but could not be further from the truth.The service was friendly and our server was very helpful, taking time to explain the menu. First, this place has the best food i have ever put in my mouth. Seriously i am a french fry snob and they make the most deliciously perfect pomme frite you will ever eat. Second, Bouchon has ruined waffles for me, I can no longer eat waffles, because they made me the best waffle i will ever eat. It was a sourdough waffle, crispy on the outside and airy, not doughy on the inside... i want to cry out of joy and longing just writing about it. During breakfast they also give you a homemade marmalade to eat with their home made bread which is a meal worth $$$ for, but it's free!!!!!!!!!! Their marmalade and bread is like everything else here, AMAZING.I recommend everything, and for dessert try the chocolate bouchons.i am planning another trip to vegas, just to eat a Bouchon again. oh, how i miss you Bouchon.
5	The best breakfast I've had, hands down.  The interior is a little bit Balthazar in Soho, the service fantastic and the food delicious and inventive.  Bread came out warm with soft enough butter (pet peeve is butter that is too cold and you can't spread it nicely on your bread until it warms to room temperature!).  Our mimosas held us over nicely while waiting anxiously for our food.I had a hard time deciding between the Croque Madame and the Scallop Gratin.  I finally chose the Scallop Gratin as it was a special and I'm sure i wouldn't order it ordinarily.  The dish was supremely creamy with the most tender and perfectly cooked scallops.  Leeks were a nice addition to the seafood flavor as well as the perfect amount of thick cut bacon chunks, not too much to overtake the flavor, but just enough to cut the rich creamy sauce.  Tobin's Chicken and Waffles were better than my entree, i have to say.  The waffles were cooked to a outside crunch, with inner softness.  Cooked inside the waffle were bacon pieces and green onion.   Pepper butter accompanied the waffles as well as syrup.  The chicken was a half chicken served with a tasty gravy of bacon deliciousness.  The combination of sweet and savory was amazing and just kept getting better as the meal wore on.Service was impeccable and perfectly timely.  Our waiter was friendly, and informative with great descriptions and recommendations.
5	This place is fabulous.  People complain that it is difficult to find, and yes, it is a little hidden, but if you read the signs they lead you right to it.  I mean, come on people... there is a sign directing you to the elevator, then the elevator only takes you to one floor (where the restaurant is), and then there is a sign pointing you down the hall to the front entrance.Our waiter had an odd sense of humor but we thought he was great, and VERY knowledgeable about the menu.  He gave a very thorough explanation to the man next to us about why he should order a specific cut of steak a certain way (because of the high fat content, given more time to cook it would be much more flavorful, etc etc).  He really knew his stuff.We both ordered martinis and let me tell you, they were some serious martinis.  So stiff that it took us the whole meal just to drink one.  The bread and butter were amazing- the bread is perfectly hard and crackly on the outside but light and fluffy on the inside - delicious.Now for entrees.  I ordered the pork short ribs which was enormous.  The piece of meat was seriously bigger than my face.  But despite the size it will still cooked to perfection - tender and falling off the bone.  It came with braised red cabbage and a side of polenta which was garlicky and delicious.  Emily got the croque monsieur - a grilled ham and cheese topped with a fried egg and mornay sauce.  The fries that came with it definitely lived up to the hype.  I'm definitely a ketchup kind of girl when it comes to fries but these were delicious on their own - I didn't want to spoil them by dipping them in any kind of sauce!I wish I would have been a little hungrier because I would have started with the beet salad with goat cheese fondue... the woman next to me ordered it and it looked delicious.  So did her salmon rillettes though... next time I would come here with a bigger party so that we could order a bunch of apps to share.I did manage to save room for dessert... our waiter made a show out of drawing diagrams of the dessert specials on our table.  Funny guy.  We had the bouchon - three mini brownie/lava cakes, each served with a different flavor of homemade ice cream (vanilla, hazelnut, and mint chocolate chip).  The homemade ice cream was to die for, everything flavor tasted authentic and fresh.  Yum.  For two lactose intolerant girls we managed to do some work on that dessert.  We were also served a plate of petit fours that included a really tasty shortbread cake, an almond cookie, and caramel corn, among other things.Overall I had a great dining experience.  I only wish I had a bigger appetite so I could try more things, or more dining companions so I could eat off all of their plates too :)   Luckily I'm going to Napa soon, so I can get a taste of more delicious Bouchon dishes then.  I just hope it measures up to my experience in Vegas!
4	I have to admit that i was quite fascinated with Thomas Keller ever since reading The soul of a chef, and knew i had to go for dinner since i wouldn't be able to make it to French Laundry anytime soon. Bouchon is located on the 10th floor of the Venetian Venezia Tower which takes you out of the hustle and bustle of the casino floor, and up to a very serene part of the hotel.Dinner started out for us with the duck confit which was quite delicious, and a bowl of (do i say French?) Onion Soup which was good, but i missed the slightly crisp bread on top.Our main course were the mussels and fries, and the trout. Both were larger portions than what i would've expected, and we couldn't finish either dish. The trout was slightly too buttery, but tasty of course. The fries were good, but could've used a little more salt.Our server was a lacking a little knowledge of the specials, and had to refer to his notes the entire time. The waiter serving the table next to us though knew everything along with the preparation technique, so too bad for us.Overall a pretty solid meal, but i'll expect more at the French Laundry.
4	You know, it's not the best food i've ever had...but it's pretty darn good.  Certainly in the top 10%.  Prices are reasonable considering the type of restaurant it is, service is very good.  I go there everytime i hit Vegas, and it never disappoints.  it's not the bite-size entrees that you get in some high-brow French restaurants.  This stuff fills you up.  i had the pate and the port short rib.  excellent.   it's kinda pain being inside Venetian--takes a while to find it.  But it's worth the trouble.
5	i love all things french. i love bouchon. i came here for the first time last summer and ordered a million things for dinner and everything was delish. this time i came for brunch and ordered a million things such as the bread pudding french toast, an order of sausage, and the pomme frites. the atmosphere is very chic french bistro, the music is good, the pricing is reasonable and the food is awesome.
4	My friends and I went to Vegas to celebrate our friend's bachelorette party. As a token of appreciation, the bride-to-be treated all the girls to dinner at Bouchon. =)Our waiter was a bit weird; he had a strange sense of humor that we all had to get used to. However, I must say he was nice as all the staff at Bouchon were friendly.For starters, we ordered the clams (it was one of the specials) and a order of the mussels. I've only eaten mussels served hot, but the mussels at Bouchon were served cold. There were about two dozen mussles served on ice. It's the first time I ate mussels cold. It was yummy. I think all the girls enjoyed their entrees. I ordered their special that day which was pan seared scallops. It came in four pieces with a side of asparagus with an orange dressing. On the plate it didn't look like it was a lot of food, but it was very filling. Although all of us were stuffed, we managed to squeeze in dessert. We ordered a special they had that day and they threwn in 5 extra dishes: one of which was a lemon tart. I think it's because they knew we were celebrating our friend's bachelorette. I would definitely go to Bouchon again the next time I'm in Sin City.
3	It hurts me to give a TK (thomas keller) restaurant such a low. i visited the restaurant last june, but visiting the one in yountville this week reminded me of my last visit. went to vegas for my friend's 21st birthday. this was our last meal on the trip and i was looking foward to this. we ordered the kobe burger, roast chicken, trout, steak frites, omelette, and i ordered the croque monsieur. o and lots and lots of fries. the burger, omelette were okay. the chicken, trout and steak frites was heavenly. the roast chicken was most importantly juicy, especially the white meat, which is key. i think they used hanger steak cuz it was ridiculously lean, yet flavorful. finally the trout was done with haricot vert (french beans) and finished with a beurre mueniere (brown butter sauce). my dish was so disappointing. the croque monsieur is the ideal french comfort food. but they screwed it up. all it is a ham and cheese sandwich covered in mornay sauce (cheese sauce). first thing that was wrong that the mornay was cold, ice cold. the next thing that was wrong is that the mornay sauce had no flavor. i couldnt taste the cheese in the sauce, only nutmeg. finally, the bread was too thick and i couldnt really taste the ham and cheese. man was i bummed by the end of the meal. but as i was walking out i saw mr. mario batali dining at the corner table. and this whole time i thought batali hated the french and their food.
5	Great place to dine.  It's a classic French Bistro that does everything right from the beginning to the end.  It is upscale yet lends itself more to the food than anything else.  I didn't get a chance to try the breakfast here but I've heard it quite astounding.  If you get a chance check out Bouchon.....I'm not asking for anyone to try to eat "breakfast" while in Vegas.... but I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is hidden on the 10th or 11th floor of the Venetian and there's this hilarious guy dressed up in faux military garb standing sentry across from the restrooms.  Considering all that pomp, Bouchon is a pretty laid back and fun restaurant.  I arrived in flip flops and jeans after killing my feet in heels the night before and I felt perfectly comfortable.If you dine here, make sure you order the foie gras.  It's such a wonderful thing.  It's like...you're eating it and thinking...this is so delicious....it's a .....highly caloric cholesterol raising schmear....it's so rich....salty....yum....illegal in certain areas.....mmmmm......  It's served in the same jar that  you can pick up at Bouchon Bakery in Yountville, but in Vegas they serve it with bottomless fingers of warm toast. aaah.  It is so good.I had the pork shoulder.  It was a frickin HUGE serving and I couldn't get through more than half of it.  Very tender.  Very good.  My husband had the monkfish and he enjoyed it.  I like the fact that they serve on All-Clad at T. Keller restaurants.  It's a nice touch.  We had beignets for desert because after dining on foie gras and pork shoulder, you may as well go all the way on the rich-food meal scale.   I had a French margarita to drink and it is worth trying.Our waiter was very cool.  Very friendly and unpertentious.  He checked on us frequently.I hear this place kicks butt for breakfast.  I would definately go back to give it a try.thumbs up.
4	I had to complete my tour of all the Bouchons and chose to have breakfast here. The breakfast was very good, exactly what I would expect from TK. Pretty much everything was cooked perfectly, from the waffles to the fluffy eggs. The french toast is a perfectly good bread pudding. And of course all of the pastries are wonderful. Since Bouchon is in the Venezia tower, you don't feel like you're in a casino. It's right off the courtyard, so you do get the sunny I'm in a Euro cafe kind of feel.
5	I rolled in here in a polo, shorts, sandals, and cap and they still let me eat here which was respectable. After seeing Anthony Bourdain rave about this place on Food Network, I knew I had to visit when I arrived in Vegas. The service is outstanding and the food was amazing.For starters, a beautiful loaf of freshly baked bread with the crunchy crust and the airy center. I ordered the braised pork ribs which was a generous portion and the meat fell off the bone. It came with the creamiest garlic polenta ever. Other plates come with an abundance of pomme frites (french fries for the bourgeoisie) which were addictivly good, if you order it on the side they're like $6.The location in the hotel is awesome, right next to the courtyard pool and outside seating is available. This restaurant is definitely creme de la creme.
5	So many myths floating around in many of the reviews of this fantastic restaurant.  We dined on a Saturday at 7.  It was easy to find (big letters spell out B-O-U-C-H-O-N above an elevator next to the front desk).  The hostesses were friendly and projected nothing but grace and hospitality.  The noise level was what you would expect and want in a bistro, and it was easy to converse across the table.  Table spacing is fine if not generous.  If anything, the noise level helps muffle the neighbors' conversation, and yours from them.  In short, there is nothing about the location, greeting, or seating arrangements that should deter you from visiting.  As an aside, the bar looks great -- beautiful counter, nice stools/chairs, and attractive wood and mirror fixture on the wall.Now for the food: stupendously good.  Started with salmon and rillettes, with the salmon presented in a mini-mason jar (or something like that) from which a seal of clarified butter is removed table-side, opening up a truly delicious and generously sized salmon course.  Really quite fantastic.  The fellow next to us said he always orders this when he is in town.  My wife had the onion soup and pronounced it very fine, though frankly I wonder how high can onion soup really fly.  Tommy wants $9.50 for the soup, which seems pretty bold.  Passed on the seared foie gras starter (priced at $29) -- no reason to get carried away.Had the mussels with pommes frites -- best mussels I have ever had.  Easily 30 mussels, only one dud.  Delicious and piping hot broth.  Fries were very fine, but not really amazing -- I've had better at a few places.  Nice to dip them in the broth.  Wife had the trout, which came with delicious almonds and green beans.  Was a big hit.  Passed on the $48 scallops, which adjoining tables ordered -- looked nice, but $60 bucks (figuring tip and tax) for five scallops and potatoes seemed silly.Dessert -- ordered three mini-brownies with homemade ice cream on top (three flavors).  Delicious, wonderful, happiness-bringing: I hope to remember them fondly when I'm 100 and getting my dates mixed up.One odd thing: the waiter.  Nice guy, knew his menu, but a little too casual, a couple of times coming close to the line of I'm-treating-you-casually-because-I-actually-think-you're-a-hick.  He poked me three or four times.  Poke in the side of my arm -- how're we doing here?  Poke in the back -- how's the salmon?  Dude, keep your freaking fingers out of my tendons!  And yet I am sticking with my 5 star rating, because the food was so good.  Bill for  two with starter, entree, dessert, one glass and one half-bottle of wine, and tea/coffee, including tip, was $200. Worth every penny.  I can't wait to go back, and when I do, I'll ask to sit in the no-poking zone.
3	I was expecting a lot more from Thomas Keller.  While my meal here was definitely enjoyable, it was a far, far, cry from transcendental.  I avoid chicken dishes like the plague, except at French restaurants, and the Poulet Roti was fine, but just fine.  Nothing really popped out: the chicken was just fresh enough, the flavor was just inspired enough, and the presentation was just interesting enough.  Eh.Service was great, however, and so were the oysters.  But the meal was too expensive to warrant these positive impressions...
4	good service, nice atmosphere, the special: "octopus salad" was very interesting. i never knew octupus can... feel like butter. the short ribs were tasty but way too big of a portion.i wouldn't really trust my rating since i was really buzzed when i got to the restaurant. however, if you're there and the octupus salad is there, you should def experience the sensation.
4	Every visit to Bouchon LV has been consistently good.  So, every time I'm in Las Vegas, I try and stop in.  I've only made reservations once for dinner (large group) and they were able to seat us with about a days notice. Walking in for brunch feeling a little dehydrated, famished, and kinda sleepy and asking for table or a seat at the bar, and they always have a seat ready.Last time we were in, we had a croque madame (which was heavenly), chicken and waffles (perfectly roasted chicken and waffles so light, I could have 10) and kobe burger (the best hamburger around).  All were accompanied with the perfect amount of frites.    Bouchon makes you feel like you have left Vegas and have entered some of the best home cooking (for a restaurant)  that will heal any type of hangover, sleep deprivation, loss of money, need to get home quick feeling:)  So for me, it's definitely a must stop in LV.
4	I was SO excited to come here. Our service was fine. The waiter did not make any impression on us and he seemed to be aloof. Maybe he was pretending he was French. I'm kidding!I ordered the Trout Almondine. It was good, a bit greasy but it was still pretty yummy. My husband however ordered the flat iron steak and pomme frittes. Ok, we both admit that the pomme frittes were pretty delicious.  I think that next time, we will get the large seafood platter because that looked quite impressive. I will also come for brunch because that menu looked so delicious!
4	I got the chicken. I forgot the name. It comes with a crispy skin. The guy who seated us pushed my table in really quickly and stubbed my toe. However! we did get free dessert (creme brulee). I think that's why we got the free dessert. If not, then smile a lot and dessert is on the house. The chicken was salty. I tried my friends' trout and ribs, which were seasoned a lot better. Their portions were bigger than I expected. I walked away full, which isn't something you'd expect with a 5 star restaurant.
5	I recently got back from brunch at Bouchon, and I'm compelled to write a review.  I had the Sourdough Waffles, which come topped with fresh banana, nuts, and powdered sugar.  Maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla bean butter are included for your own portioning, and, when everything is combined in your mouth, it is deliciously decadent.  I also had a bite of the Croque Madame, which was from a whole 'nother amazing world, and the pile of pommes frites underneath which it was buried was great as well.  To top it off (the meal and my gluttony :p), today's pastry specials included irresistible cream beignets.  Food coma, food baby, food appreciation... I left Bouchon with all three!
1	I used to think Bouchon was one of the great restaurants in Vegas, but after tonight I no longer do. My party of six sent back two of our entrees: both short ribs. They were nothing but fat. We replaced one with the lamb and one with the strip steak, both of which were an improvement but still subpar for a restaurant with this reputation. The other entrees (duck, gnocchi) were just okay, but hardly memorable, and certainly not worth the cost. This restaurant better get its act together because it's not worthy of the Thomas Keller name. I won't be returning myself.
5	I think it's the wait staff that made it a pleasurable experience.  Our waiter was soooo nice and he even surprised us with plates that were not on the menu.  He recommended a white bordeaux which is the first I've had all year...soooo tasty :DThe food was good.  I'm a sucker for steak & frites, desserts too.  It was actually rather casual.  I felt overdressed wearing a dress, as did my hubby in the suit.
5	While recently visiting Vegas, my boyfriend and I decided we would have one really blow-out meal.  We wanted one night of not thinking about the prices and instead just focusing on the quality, the atmosphere and the service.  We picked Bouchon due partially in part to its connection to Thomas Keller, which is a (sort of) long distant connection to us.  Hey! Come on, we live in the Bay Area...that counts...right?  Anyway, we also decided to try Bouchon because we are fascinated with French food generally.  Bouchon blew my mind; it was everything I had hoped it could be and everything that I had always known food could be. We went for dinner on a Friday night around 9.  I recommend making reservations through Opentable. Though they may have availability for walk-ins on some nights, they were packed on the night we were there, so I wouldn't count on it.   Service was phenomenal.  We were seated outside on the patio, in the cool evening air, overlooking the Venetian's breathtaking garden pool.  Our waiter was calm and patient, he kept telling us to relax, that he would be back whenever we had decided what we want.  His wine recommendations were the perfect pairing and our water glasses never went empty.  He was neither overly friendly, nor coldly standoffish, but a perfect blend of the two.  To eat, I had the soup du jour, a sweet garlic soup, and my boyfriend had the French onion soup to start.  Then we moved onto a warm spinach salad with pickled mushrooms and seasonal root veggies.  For our entrees, my boyfriend had the Boudin Noir (Blood Sausage) with potato puree and caramelized apples.  I had the most amazing Croque Madame (Fancy French ham sammich) with pommes frites.  For dessert we shared a cafe pot de creme served with short bread.  The bill was high and I will not mention the exact amount.  I will say that you can expect appetizers and soup to run in the $10-16 range, entrees to run in the $15-40 range and dessert to run in the $8-20 range.  Expect to spend money here and you wont be surprised when the bill comes.  It suffices to say that it was worth every penny.My only complaint about the restaurant would be that the restroom was actually outside the restaurant, just past the entrance.  And that, my friends, isn't even much of a complaint.  Dress code seems a little touch and go.  I really liked that they seemed to seat the families and the more causally dressed folks in the main dining area and the quieter and more formally dressed folks out on the patio.  Maybe it was just a coincidence on the night that I was there, but I would definitely suggest dressing up and getting on that patio!  While my boyfriend and I tend to be a bit overdressed most of the time here in San Francisco, I felt completely comfortable at Bouchon.  I would recommend Bouchon to anyone who truly enjoys food and wants to escape into a dream land of glamorous people and beautiful nights.
4	Love, love, love the croque madame!!!!!  Who can resist a cheese, ham, and fried egg sandwich covered in a mornay sauce?  And dont forget the shoestring fries!  But I'm getting ahead of myself.Excellent sazerac, served neat, as it should be.  And I have to complement the tap water, which was soft and sweet.  Dont bother with the bottled water.We tried the special appetizers for the day.  The escargot, served with mini puff pastries and swimming in a lovely garlic, butter sauce, were very tender.  The carrot soup, served with creme fraiche was light and sweet.  And the oysters were very fresh and briny. Portion size on the entrees is not uniform.  The special entree for the day, scallops and gnocchi, was a perfect size, but the standard sauteed gnocchi menu item was HUGE.  It was good, but I dont know how anyone, no matter how hungry, could get through even half the plate.  And the menu description was a bit deceptive.  The dish was described as being accompanied by a fricassee of vegetables, but the only "veggies" were sliced potatoes (which seemed an odd pairing with potato gnocchi), pimentos, and thinly shredded and blanched greens.  Not my idea of vegetables.Anyway, the dessert was fantastic--a coffee flavored pot de creme, served with some butter shortbread cookies.  Yummy!  Service was pretty decent, not spectacular.
5	One of the best meals I have ever had.  Foie Gras starter, Steak Frites, and an awesome dessert (I don't remember the name of) was killer.  Great service.
5	What a spectacular way to close out a long week in Vegas. A tasty breakfast at the famed Bouchon.We only had 40 minutes and the staff was super accommodating with our schedule, taking orders from 1/2 of us who had to leave and bringing out the food quite quickly. My coffee took a big longer to arrive but they were hustling for the most part.The place is just beautiful, bright and open with tall ceilings, and leading to the outdoor area of the Venetzia tower patio, it takes a trek to get there from any of the other Venetian towers, but after your first bite, the 15 minute maze-like walk through suites and visits to multiple elevators easily becomes worth it.Strawberry croissant was THE pastry of the day and it lived up to the hype. i I figured...come on...a croissant is a croissant right ? Some butter and strawberries in a flakey crust. been there done that, many times over. Heck No. When this thing arrived, split in half lengthwise, topped with strawberries and jam and then some sort of crumbly top crust which had then been baked, it was an ooey gooey yummy mess of strawberries and flakiness with a sweet crumbly topping--reminded me a bit of strudel topping. Sweet cinnamony goodness. And that was just the pastry that came with my 'breakfast americaine'. It also came with eggs (whites for me), a huge container of pomme frites, brioche toast, sausage AND bacon, orange juice AND coffee. It was more food than even *I* could put away in one sitting.We manhandled our swollen bellies back over to the palazzo, got our stuff and checked out....powered for hours on end through the airport visit and even after getting home on the amazing 'farewell to Vegas' breakkie we had at Bouchon.
5	I went here for my last meal in Las Vegas and I was impressed! I had the Big Breakfast which comes with 2 eggs, enormous container pilled high of  frites (fries), brioche toast, 2 sausage links, tons of bacon, orange juice and  coffee or tea. It was more food than I could ever imagine! The best part was the strawberry croissant that came first before the breakfast.  I have never had this good of croissant besides Paris.  It came split in half with the strawberries baked inside topped with cinnamon and  a studel like topping almost like a coffee cake!  I believe they baked it like that split in half!  It was AMAZING!!!! I had died and gone to heaven! It was so flakey and good! I could only eat half and based around for others to enjoy.  I did the same with the huge helping of bacon and massive container filled with fries!Everything tasted perfect and was the best breakfast I had in a long time.  This meal was not cheap at $21.95 but was worth it! Service was pretty quick overall and decor was really nice and decorated cute.    If was a fab last meal for Vegas and we took off for the airport.
4	The brunch at Bouchon is heaven!  I've been here twice and love it every time.  Apparently Bouchon is owned by the same guy who owns French Laundry in Yountville near Napa.  He wanted to create a more "affordable" version of French Laundry.   I definitely need to try out French Laundry!   I was even happier to find out that there is a Bouchon in Yountville as well.  :)We ordered the following dishes (pictures are attached):Bouchon French Toast- bread pudding style with warm layers of brioche, custard and apples.  Served w maple syrup 11.95Sourdough Waffles with fresh banana, maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla bean butter 11.50- this was my dish and it was the BEST waffles I have ever had in my life.  They were light, crisp, and perfect.  The vanilla bean butter, banana, and pecans took it to another level.  Omlette du Jour- that day it was asparagus and cheese, served with sausage or bacon and toasted brioche 16.95Croque Madame- Toasted ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg and mornay sauce.  Served w pommes frites.  16.95 - I tried some of my friend's croque madame and it was RIDICULOUSLY tasty.  Think Moons over my hammy at Denny's.  It's 10 million times better.Of course we ordered some cream-filled beignets, fruit salad, side of sausage, and side of BACON.  The sides were huge.   I wasn't a big fan of their sausage, but their bacon....ohhhhh their bacon...drool... delicious.  We ate a lot.  Our waiter seemed scared.You need to come here for brunch if you are in Vegas.  Remember to get the waffles and the croque madame.  You can thank me later!  ;)4.5 stars.
4	this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas...consistently good.  it has a very nice bistro atmosphere and reasonably priced.
3	I went here for dinner.  I had the steak with risotto.... I ate it all.It was good. Meh.  It was good.  I don't know.  I feel like I'm trying to convince myself that it was indeed good because I wanted it so much for it to be REALLY good... but it was good.
3	Bouchon was okay.Nothing interesting to write about...5 oz of foie gras was a little much for 2 people.I had the gnochi and my hubby had the croq madame.I had high hopes and I wanted to write the best dinner ever... but it wasn't... Oh well.Hard little place to find..... the signs are not clear.... bouchon (up sign) meaning upstairs for me.... and not one elevator only out of 2-3 elevators going up.Complicated :) I brough  my left over  foie gras back  all the way to california :)
3	The Bouchon had good food, but having gone in with fairly high expectations, I was a little disappointed.  The decor wasn't as elaborate as I would expect for a restaurant of its calibre, and the food -- while certainly delectable -- wasn't anything spectacular, or anything worth noting on Yelp.  So suffice it to say that I had a good meal of oysters and other meaty materials, but I believe it's somewhat overrated.
5	i hate when people hold high expectations for ANYTHING.that's all i really have to say to the others.now on to my short review:oh hellll yeah.salmon, gnochi, oysters, and a vesper and absinthe to top it all off. i felt like the asian baller james bond. i got to try the chicken and steak too and even the FRIES were amazingly money. the little patio next door is a nice place to lounge after you've stuffed yourself. nothin like smokin a stogie to end an awesome meal on a cool vegas night .. i thoroughly enjoyed it all. shouts to yelpelite joanne for introducing me to this place :)
3	Their advertsing claims they have the best breakfast in Vegas.  I wasn't too impressed.  It could be the fact that my gf ordered take out for us since I was too hung over from the night before :)  The breakfast paltter I had tasted pretty standard.  Neither good nor bad.  I'll have to try dinner here on my next trip.
4	My husband and I understand that we will not be going to French Laundry for quite awhile so we decided to do FL's younger sister, Bouchon, when we went to Vegas three years ago. Since then, we've been back once since we enjoyed the experience so much.   I like that you feel like it's in an exclusive club hidden in the second phase of the Venetian. I like that there is a lovely garden just steps away to wander in after dinner or before to get some air and calm your senses after casino overload. I like that Bouchon feel comfortable rather than intimidating.   But mostly, I like the steak frites. I have not ordered anything else on the menu for a main course. The steak is done well, simply seasoned and the fries are matchstick and crunchy. I watched a vegetarian (borderline vegan) snuffle up my beef juice soaked fries. It's a meat eaters paradise here but they managed to have at least one dish on their menu for a non meat eater (my Mom had it and loved it).    Bouchon is a lovely place to escape to. I'm sad that it'll be awhile before I go back.    By the way, not a place for small kids. Or anyone with a problem sitting still for long periods of time.
5	The single best dining experience I've had in the last 5 years.Good Lord, help me. I'm still craving that gnocchi.
4	Mmmm--This is the best meal I had while in Vegas.  We tried the pork with apricots, the roasted chicken, and the special soup of the day--creamed spinach.  Everything was great, and in good portions for Vegas (no micro-food here).  The presentation was beautiful, the service is good, and the atmosphere is pleasant and casual.  I like that it is also in the Venezia tower--away from the main drag inside the Venetian (i.e. less foot traffic and noise).  I would definitely come back.  I would add that serving bread hot would have been a nice touch, given the price.
4	Everyone kept saying...come here for breakfast blah blah blah and what did we do!?! We came for dinner!! And you know what, i'm glad we did!! Their menu wasn't as extensive as others but it was still pretty good. We ordered the petite plateau ($59) for appetizer and it was a platter full of mussels, clams, oysters, and lobster! I ordered the saumon  aux artichokes (sauteed salmon with artichokes, $29.50) while my boyfriend had the pan roasted trout. The trout was very creamy/buttery. Good if you like it like that. Our other friends ordered the flatiron steak ($35), which came with a mound of french fries that were sooo goood. I could have just ate the fries!I also had a glass of The Bouchon $10 (skyy vodka with a slight citrusy flavor), that was 90% vodka! It was STIFF with a capital S T I F F! Since we were pre drinking in the limo before dinner, I was a bit scared of topping off, so I chose not to finish my drink.Great experience. Great date place.
3	Eleven of my girlfriends and I went to Bouchon for a lovely bachelorette pre-party dinner.  I canceled our reservation at the last minute because, in that ever important debate, "food vs sleep," sleep won the first round.  Bouchon gave us the flexibility to cancel last-minute without any penalties.  Nice.  However, ultimately, our stomachs won the battle and we decided that we were more hungry than tired.  So I called Bouchon and asked if we could head over (like, now) without any reservations and, again, they were extremely gracious and flexible and, not only took all of us ASAP but, also gave us a private room without our requesting it.  Now we could be as loud and obnoxious and Miss Piggy as we wanted to be.  Our waiter was fantastic - sweet, offbeat, patient, helpful, quirky, funny.  Huge tip for him.  The bread was excellent - excellent presentation and warm.  The main courses and dessert - hmm.  Maybe I was expecting a lot more since I've heard such great things about Bouchon (and, of course, we all know Bouchon is owned by the owner of French Laundry in Napa) - but, honestly, the food was TOO DAMN BUTTTERY.  I don't care if this is French food and it's supposed to be fatty.  You know something is wrong when all I can smell in the air, in my hair, in our food, is butter.  Now, my girls and I can EAT.  Oink, oink, baby.  But, because of all the butter in the food, not one of us could finish her meal.  NOT ONE.  That is a downright shame.  I was disappointed by the trout I had ordered.  I've had much, much better trout - even trout prepared in a similar fashion - in Europe, in restaurants that were NOT fine dining establishments, just casual gastropubs.  I can't believe I am saying this but, the meal would have been much better if the portions had been smaller - less butter and less of that buttery aftertaste.  Also, it would have helped if the desserts were at least orgasmic but, alas.  This is what we ate:- Watercress & Endive salad- Mixed green salad- Bibb Lettuce salad - Pan-roasted trout w/ almonds- Atlantic Salmon with black cabbage- 2 different specials of the day (scallops, steak)- Lemon tart- Dark Chocolate Mousse- Pot de CrmeThe salads were so-so.  The main courses - 'nough said above.  The desserts - good but, definitely not spectacular.  Would I go back?  I'd return to Bouchon for breakfast/brunch but, probably, not for dinner.  :(
4	This might be the best French bread I've ever had. And I've been to Paris. The place is really cute and everything we had was delicious. I got the gnocchi and my friend got the trout. The staff was really helpful...great wine suggestion from the bar. And the prices weren't bad by Vegas standards.
2	Thomas Keller, you're such a disappointment. I had such high hopes for the man who created French Laundry that I expected greatness in the form of a croque madame and sour cream waffles. I envisioned the ordinary to become extraordinary, I dreamed of waves of flavor dancing on my tongue...Instead the highlight of my meal were the fries that came with the croque madame. ...Wait, I don't think you understand what I just said - FRIES WERE THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY MEAL.Bouchon was completely underwhelming. The waffles were soggy, as was the toast in the croque madame. There was nothing that made me go "wow", everything tasted like it would at any other place.Not only was the food mediocre, but for a restaurant of this stature, I'd expect good service. Instead, we had the busboy taking our orders and attempting to answer our questions. Where was our waiter? I have no idea...we only saw him once or twice the entire meal.So Thomas, why did you put your name to something so blah? I hope you don't disappoint me when I finally make the trek to your pride and joy up north...
4	This is a very nice restaurant that is well run and thought out.  It is a beautiful space, out of the crowds and with beautiful design and decor.  The service is taken seriously here and servers do a phenomenal job.  The pate is absolutely out of this world and would not have a meal here without it. I think my advice is to stick with the dishes on the menu and pass on the specials.  The roasted chicken and mussels on the menu are as exceptionally executed as you would expect in a high end French restaurant.  The desserts and pastries are on point.  The first night I ordered the special--a sous-vide waygu beef sirloin.  It was not done very well and didn't seem like the chefs had a mastery over the technique. It came with a polenta that was just so-so.  I didn't dock the rating down below a 4 because I took it as an ordering error on my part.
5	This place is excellent. I was only here for breakfast and they are famous for their breakfast so the dinner might not be up to par, I'm not sure. The breakfast, however, is one of the best I've had.We started off with mimosa which were delicious but it's hard to mess up mimosas. I had a Smoked Salmon baguette which was served simply with cream cheese and capers. However, the fread was so fresh and delicious. The flavors just blended perfectly. I also had a side of bacon, which was good thick and delicious and my breakfast also came with fries. I know fries for breakfast, but these were great fries. I couldn't stop eating them even though I was already stuffed. The perfect breakfast. It wasn't heavy but it was filing. It was well presented and the service was excellent at this hour.The place has a lovely outdoor patio that overlooks one of the pools. I love this little garden area and in my opinion it's so beautiful in the morning. I truly felt like I went to sleep and woke up in a European mansion and then stepped out onto the garden for some breakfast. I couldn't have asked for a better meal. 5 stars, Bouchon. I applaud you.
4	Five stars for their breakfast!  Four stars for dinner.I had the smoked salmon plate for breakfast.  It's just a plate with good-quality smoked salmon (lox-style), tomatoes, raw onion, capers, a small baguette and cream cheese.  But the baguette was so good that the little sandwich that I made from this plate was out of this world!  I can't believe that I'm gushing about the bread, but it really did make that much of a difference.  My wife had their french toast, comprising cylindrical layers of french toast, maple syrup, apples, and just general goodness.  With a side of good quality ham (not too salty), this was also a great treat.  Sit outside in the patio area near the pool and enjoy the quiet side of Las Vegas in the morning.Dinner was also pretty good.  I had the steak frites, which came with grass-fed steak (yes, one can taste the difference -- grass-fed is slightly gamey, while grain-fed is not).  The meat tasted good, but they added this weird fried onion and a pat of butter, which seemed a bit like gilding the lily.  The fries were pretty good, too, but the waiter talked them up a bit too much (I've actually had better fries -- at the Bread Line in Washington, D.C.).  As for dessert, we had beignets.  They were good, but didn't really send me over the moon.The general ambience is one of a nice bistro, with high ceilings, a long, dark-wood bar, and wood and brass trim.  I could easily imagine sitting at the bar, eating something yummy and reading a book.  Enjoy!
4	I love Thomas Keller. Love him. And was excited to have breakfast hear, but did not leave with that Keller high I usually experience when eating at his restaurants. I think this place has been "Vegasised." Keller's brilliance is his ability to provide an experience of understated perfection - Vegas does not lend to that atmosphere.
5	Keller has game - no question.Fois gras - heart attack enough for a whole family - delicious.Scallops - really fresh and tasty.Chicken - up with the best I've hadMaccheroni au gratin - very good.french fries - very good but not world bending.The Julienas had a bit to much alcohol for my tastes.  I prefer the regular bottling, not the reserve (Pascal Granger)
5	We stayed at the Venetian last week and decided to splurge one morning on breakfast at Bouchon.  It is likely one of the best breakfasts we have ever had!  The food was delicious - I had the eggs jardiniere and my husband had an omelette special with steak,  The porttions are good size and the meal itself is creative in all of the things that are included.  If you are looking for something more creative than the many breakfast buffets then you should go to Bouchon.  Excellent and attentive wait staff too!
4	my favorite things at bouchon:(*) pomme frites(*) lemon tart(*) view of the pool courtyard
4	I had dinner here last weekend, and decided to order the gnocchi since I had it at Bouchon in Yountville.  I thought it was either overcooked and or dry, so sent it back for another order since it was what I came here for.  The next order wasn't much better, and the waitress and manager apologized and comped me my dinner.  Even though I didn't like my food, I still give them 3 1/2 stars for trying to make it right and apologizing.  The other thing that was annoying was that we ordered bottled water, and they took it away from the table to keep it on ice.  Well the busboy or expediter kept coming over and pouring tap water from a pitcher into our glasses.  The waitress had to keep coming over and tell the busboy not too do that.The atmosphere is pleasant and my wife liked her mussels.  I will have to go back to Yountville to see if my taste buds were correct.  They insist that it is the same recipe.
5	On the last day of my stay in vegas, my friends and I decided to go eat brunch at the bouchon, thinking it was going to be extremely expensive because it was French. We were seated immediately next to the window looking out to the venetian pool outisde. The view was enough to make me happy that morning. We ordered the mussles, steak with fries, chicken and waffles and I had the white sausage with eggs and a crossiont. We were served warm bread with butter and apricot jam i think. The jam and bread was to die for. It was so delicious and delicate. After that we recieved our orders. I did not know what was in my sausage but it was soft and tastey along with my warm flaky crossoint and eggs. The mussles were juicy and tastey. The chicken was roasted I think along with some bacon and chive waffles. The waffles came with a sauce and syrup and was very tastey. The fries were okay but the onion topped steak was so juicy and tender it melted in my mouth. It was a very nice meal before we left. Nice and paradise like environment for friends to talk and enjoy the vegas lifestyle.
5	"NO ONE TOUCHES THEIR FOOD UNTIL I'VE GOTTEN A PICTURE OF EVERYTHING!!!!!"I LOVED this place. i had high expectations coming in, and they were met.  I was able to get a picture of everything we ordered, after nearly threatening to throw down anyone who touched their perfectly presented dishes without a picture to document the experience. The best part about eating with a group of people is the sharing. I'm the kind of gal that WILL try something if you offer. I guess in this case, I sort of offered myself on them. when it comes to great food, i have no same, baby, no shame.We had the perfect table outside, and the weather was could not have been better. The place didnt seem as pretentious as I thought it would be (we had people with shorts and a t-shirt and we were fine) The place was semi causual, but the wait staff was 100% professional. Our server was super cool, and was very attentive to us at all times. After regretting not ordering the bloody mary at Mesa, I had to order one here (expecting it to be just as good) It was tasty, but I have to say that the Mesa bloody mary was just a tad more delicious. I believe coffee and perhaps OJ are complimentary (or they just didnt charge us for it, sweet!) I had the chance to try the Croque Madame, French Toast, Sourdough Waffles, and the Corned Beef Hash.Croque Madam was superb. It was a ham and swiss sandwich between two pieces of brioche grilled and topped with a fried egg and a hollandaise. I usually don't like hollandaise, but the sauce was fantastic. It was lighter than I expected, and really made the dish for me. It was served with a heaping side of fries (which were pretty dang good as well with the jam says Rhett S!) The only thing is I'm lactose, so I couldn't eat the whole thing because of the sauce, but otherwise, it was definitely worth it!French Toast. ($11.95) I'm usually not a sweets person in the morning. But this french toast was absolutely decadent, and would satisfy any sweet tooth. It was not your usual bread dipped in egg french toast. It was prepared like a bread pudding, with fresh custard and apples layered in between the pieces of brioche. It also came with maple syrup. YUM-O. Sourdough waffles with Strawberries, Candied Walnuts, and Tahitian Vanilla butter. ($11.95!!!) Our friend also asked for a side of whipped cream (which was also infused with vanilla). I can honestly say this was the absolute best waffle I have ever had. It was light and crispy, and the hint of vanilla whipped cream with the tartness of the strawberry was a serious jam sesh in my mouth. I would order this myself again when I go. Corned beef Hash was a hearty serving of potatoes and corned beef with two eggs any way you like with a side of toast. The corned beef was hearty, but not fatty like most places I've had. Really delicious stuff. All in all, I am so happy i had a chance to taste the food from the kitchen of thomas keller. It was a truly pleasurable experience, and I would highly recommend it!
5	Came here 2 years ago, but I still remember...they had the best Foie Gras I've ever had in my life.The chicken (forgot what it's called exactly) I had was delicious..it was cooked to perfection.Yum. I will go there again when I go to Vegas.
4	We celebrated my friend's birthday at Bouchon.Down to what really matters, what we had..DRINKS:Bouchon & Nirvana - both were okay. My friend wasn't too impressed with her Bouchon, but I liked my Nirvana. Tasty froth that reminds me of Orange Julius. I can't find their drink menu so I can't tell you the ingredients.FOOD:MACARONI AU GRATIN (6.50) - Superior macaroni. Baked just so the cheese is slightly crisp, the pasta perfect. I could've eaten that all night.HARICOTS VERTS (6.50) - Kids, eat your veggies. But these were overcooked, therefore, sat untouched for a while until I realised I needed to be eating greens.STEAK FRITES (33.50) - Well seasoned, nicely cooked and perfectly paired with frites. And dang, those were some seriously addictive fries, but then again, I am a french fry addict.MOULES AU PISTOU (27.50) - Whoa. Talk about mussels. Tons and tons of them which were sweet and delicious. I love seafood drowning in white wine. And more pomme frites. God help me.CROQUE MADAME (18.95) - I thought it was tasty, but my friend thought it wasn't as good as other croque madames she's had. Again, more fries. Thank goodness our waiter talked us out of getting another side of them. Whew!DESSERTS:PROFITEROLES (9.50) - I thought the puffs were a bit hard, but they were fun to eat. I liked the ice cream a lot but I think it was more that it felt good in my mouth.BENEIGHTS (?) - These aren't on the menu but were a special for the night. Yummy. They reminded me of malasadas!PETITS FOURS SECS & FLAN (complimentary) - Because it was my friends birthday, Bouchon gave us a plate of petits fours secs and flan. We liked the petits fours a lot. Every single one had a fun texture and light taste. The flan was yummy. Not too heavy with a really smooth consistency.SERVICE: We were promptly seated as we arrived at our reservation time of 8:30pm. Our waiter (I forget his name) was attentive, knowledgeable and quick. He brought my friend and I navy blue linens instead of going with their house white, he explained the cheeses to us which we were going to have for dessert but ended up going with major sweets, and he didn't linger or not come around enough. Our water glasses were always filled, we didn't want for anything as far as service went.Bouchon didn't disappoint I'm glad to say. I am looking forward to French Laundry, someday. . . .
4	Hallelujiah....This is my 100th! What better than Bouchon in Las Vegas? So it was definitely a mission accomplished! We went to Vegas for Raechelle's bachelorette party and had a blast. One of her wishes was to have dinner at Thomas Keller's Bouchon Restaurant, so we headed there for a pre-club dinner in our skimpy dresses and high heels. It turned out to be quite fabulous actually. The service was friendly and courteous, although a little slow, we didn't mind since the conversation amongst 9 girls was hilarious and entertaining the whole time. My pan-roasted trout with haricot verts & toasted almonds was magically delicious. The mussels that JoAnn had were bathing in a wonderful broth so tasty I wanted to drink it from the bowl. It also came with a side of pom frites which were fried and seasoned to perfection. Our dinner reservation was at 7:30pm and we were finally done by 10:30pm. Perfect timing given that we were headed to the club right after!
5	I had their signature dish, French Toast, which was similar to a light bread pudding and it was superb!  (This coming from a person who hates bread pudding).  I also had their special of the day, eggs with spinach and chorizo sausage omelet with a side of bacon.  Excellent dish as well and the bacon was crispy and very addicting.  The omelet dish was so good that we ordered the exact same dish twice!
3	This one's a dilemma. The food is incredible, but the service and atmosphere lack incredibly; it feels like fine dining meets Dennys. Too noisy and packed for me.Definitely worth a trip, but don't dress up.
3	Good brunch place.  It's right next to the pool area.  Great starter bread.  We got the Salmon Baguette ($13.95; smoked salmon with baguette) and the Croque Madame ($17.95; toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg and fries).  Both were delicious.  Do not get the Corned Beef Hash ($18).  It was horrible.  Some dishes should just stay classic and not be made gourmet.  It was little cubes of tough corned beef w/ VERY LITTLE hash....soooo salty.  The service was very attentive and helpful.  Their iced latte was not good though.  Regular brewed coffee at $3.50 was quite pricey.
4	This would probably be 3.5My boyfriend and I went here on our first night in Vegas to celebrate my birthday.  We arrived a tad early and after checking in with the friendly hostess, we sat at the bar and ordered two glasses of wine.  The bartender was very friendly and helped us with some recommendations.  After about five minutes, the hostess came over and showed us to our table.The table was beautiful.  We were seated outside on their patio next to a tall fountain in between two Venetian hotel towers.  Gorgeous.  After another round of wine, we decided on their octopus special with heirloom tomatoes, a cheese plate (selected by our waiter), and the pan roasted trout with almonds in brown butter.  Our waiter seemed skeptical that it would be enough food for us, but I told him we were saving room for dessert.The cheese plate was very yummy.  With the exception of one cheese, I was crazy about all of the selections.  The one cheese I was not a fan of was just too pungent for me, which is saying kind of a lot since I am a cheese maniac.  I will get to the octopus later, but the trout was amazingly buttery and delicious.  I was stuffed by the end of the meal so I did not get that much of the entree, but my boyfriend devored it and I loved the bites I wrestled away.Going back to the special octopus: not good.  It was bascially glorified calamari with three little bites of tomatoes.  Very salty and disappointing.  And to think the waiter had raved about it.Which brings me to the waiter.  Okay, when I go to a nice restaurant (especially a nice French restaurant), I want a waiter who is friendly, knowledgable, and professional.  Our waiter had the first two, but definitely not the last descriptor.  We didn't see him for the last two thirds of the meal, but heard him talking to the table behind us about getting into fist fights and brawl with guys in his neighborhood.  WTF???  It wasn't only the topic of conversation that was irksome, but the fact that he was bragging very loudly about and ignoring his other tables.It kind of ruined the evening waiting for a dessert menu (which was never offered), waiting for the check (had to ask a busboy), and hearing some young punk talk about his psuedo-UFC activities.  I would just say that the experience was not consistent, really good in the beginning, but was down hill from there.
4	I  have been to Vegas many times, for poker marathons and the occasional guy's weekend/bachelor party. This was the first with the GF. I wanted to take her somewhere fancy, and she is a Keller wanna-be-groupie (ain't easy getting into Fr. Laundry). Being poor, we went with the breakfast. It was resonably priced, quite good, and pleasantly informal.Nothing leaps off the menu as "holy crap that sounds great!" It's just simple things done really well. Perusing the menu allowed several fills of the bottomless superb coffee. I ordered quiche, which was spectacular. The filling was essentially custard, that gave way to an extra-tasty egg/spinach layer, and a structured but yielding crust. The crust edge was just on crispy edge towards burnt. I've always thought of quiche as dough with egg and veggie scraps thrown in, but this was a masterpiece of the form.When you take the mudane and make a subtle masterpiece, that's impressive. Kudos. Only four stars because my GF got the oeufs au gratin, and it was in the pedestrian realm. Alas.The bistro itself is elegant but unpretentious, and the patio to the bizarre 10th floor pool lobby is a fine environment. Strangely, the prices were included on both menus. Service was excellent.
3	Let me start this review by saying that I love the Bouchon in Yountville, it's a must stop for us evertime we're in the Napa area.  So on with the sin city branch.  Went there for Sunday brunch, the decor looked just like the Yountville restaurant except of the pool/garden view (very nice).  I was sooooo excited because it's been a while since we've visited Napa and I was craving some boudin noir.  But to my disappoinment they did not serve the black peice of heaven.  So I went ahead and ordered my second favorite thing on the menu -- croque madame and my significant other ordered the corned beef hash.  Both dishes were very good.  I haven't tried the corned beef hash before but the croque madame was just as good as I remember it.  Now for the bad part....... the bread, I don't know if it's because the bakery has to also serve the stand alone counter in the hotel but to me the bread was just not the fresh warm delicious piece of carbo-candy I remember.  So for the bread and also for the fact that they didn't serve the my favorite dish, I had to knock one star off vs. the Yountvill location.  But overall the food was still very good.
4	My first after age 21 Vegas trip was to the Venetian, so we ate a late dinner at this Thomas Keller place, which is somewhere in the Venetian. I had a chicken dish, which was a little undercooked for my taste. I know that's how French cooking is, but it was still not quite to my liking. My salad was great and the waiter was very friendly about making wine recommendations. In any case, everything was lovely and I enjoyed my dinner, so this place gets the 4 stars, even though it's closer to a 3.5.
3	We had brunch here and the food was... okay.  I did read the reviews prior to coming here so I had somewhat high expectations.I had the Sourdough Waffles.  I don't really understand what all the excitement is regarding the vanilla bean butter.  It didn't taste like anything.  Honestly I wasn't blown away by the waffles either.  They weren't bad but I have had comparable ones at local diners.  The bf had one of the specials.  I don't remember what it was but he said it wasn't too great and he was still hungry after our meal.We also ordered the fries to split.  I really only ordered these because so many people raved about it.  Now I'm beginning to think that people were just being sarcastic.  They are just regular fries.  Mickey D's makes them better.  The frozen ones you buy at the store to fry up at home taste better.  We didn't finish them and one of the busboys said, "No one ever finishes the fries."What I did like about Bouchon was the atmosphere.  It was so nice to have brunch in such a beautiful setting.  We sat indoors because it was a little windy that day but I would definitely opt to sit outside if the weather is right.  It looked really pretty out there.Overall, I thought the location and service were top-notch but the food just not worth the price.  I am willing to come here again and order something different.
3	came here with a group of my friends and thought it was just okay.  I had the steak frites which again was just okay...kinda expected alot more but on the positive note the service was great.  The french margaritas were yummy so overall food was just okay but service was great
5	Since I could never snatch a reservation at Thomas Keller's infamous The French Laundry in Yountville (2 hrs. from me), I had to try Bouchon all the way in LV to sample Mr. Keller's culinary excellence. Even though Bouchon offers more homestyle French comfort food, I didn't sense any sacrifice in the quality. My husband and I shared a half dozen fresh oysters, the Steak Frites, and the Cod special. The oysters were served on ice and they tasted super fresh with very minimal taste of "fishiness". They were served with cocktail sauce, a pungent horseradish sauce, and a French-style wine-based vinaigrette. The Steak came with a MOUNTAIN of pomme frittes which were crispy and perfectly seasoned with a bit of salt and parsley. I ordered the Steak medium (which they recommended) and the meat was absolutely melting in my mouth. It must've been a marbled cut for it to be that tender. The Cod was steamed and came with a side of greens, a wheat-like crepe, and some smoked salmon on top. The Cod was moist and was only seasoned by some butter but the balance of the whole dish between the subtle taste of the cod, the smokiness of the salmon, and the saltiness of the greens was done really well. I really enjoyed all of the dishes we ordered and would definitely take advantage of this gem tucked away in the Venetian hotel. The restaurant has a casual yet sophisticated environment with large windows to create a very un-stuffed feel. If it's not too hot, try the patio seating for a nice brunch/lunch on the terrace. Then after your meal, head downstairs for dessert at the Bouchon Bakery!
5	I came here with three girlfriends for dinner on our last night in Vegas.  The dining room atmosphere was lovely without being pretentious.  Our server, Paul W., and the amazing food combined to give us an amazing and very memorable experience.  We had the chilled sweet pea soup, cod beignets, trout, salmon, and salads.  The wine list was also excellent--pricey, but excellent, and Paul helped us with a great selection.  The service was outstanding--all the runners and water fillers couldn't have been sweeter or more attentive (without being annoying).  But the best was dessert--we had the sorbets and an off-the-menu dessert Paul brought for us, and I haven't had such a delicious or beautifully presented dessert since dinner at Gary Danko a year before.  In all, we had a wonderful evening and were thrilled we chose Bouchon to cap off our Vegas weekend.I will definitely be returning to Bouchon on future trips!
3	Went here for Saturday brunch. The restaurant, however, is impossible to find. The maps can lead you to the Bouchon bakery kiosk by the Phantom Theater if you aren't paying attention.It's not every day, after all, that you head into the parking garage and up an escalator that no one knows about, just to eat brunch.The wait was short (they said 20 minutes, but it was more like 10). The service, unfortunately, was crap. Totally disappointing for a Thomas Keller restaurant, even if it is a more casual one. The food itself (Croque Madame for my girlfriend and quiche du jour for me) was good. The quiche was a bit on the small side (one slice for $12), but was a nice way to start the day.If service was more prompt and attentive, they would've earned another star. It's also disappointing that you need to hike downstairs for the baked goods rather than being able to buy them in the restaurant.Also, a Thomas Keller restaurant should really have fresh juice. Only the OJ, however, is fresh. The grapefruit juice is bottled, which is hilarious since even Treasure Island's buffet serves fresh grapefruit juice.====Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
5	Ever since I discovered it, no trip to Vegas has been without a meal (or two...or three) at Bouchon.  It is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in Sin City.  Don't go expecting a fancy-schmancy experience.  Bouchon is the kind of delightfully simple bistro you'd find in Paris or Amsterdam.  (Sadly, like those cities now, Bouchon does not allow smoking...even on the patio.  Boo!)I recommend a sampling of a la carte items.  My favorites include:* Oysters (be sure to ask for the fresh horseradish)* Salade de Cresson (with Roquefort to die for)* Pate de Campagne (so wrong, it's right)* Macaroni au Gratin (truffle-infused orgasm in a pan)* Pommes Frite (fries have never been so French)* Creme Caramel (and a bib for my drool, please)I can't get enough of this place; I'm in love.  Let me put it this way, if Bouchon has been a teen heartthrob, I'd have had a lipstick smeared poster of Thomas Keller above my bed.
4	I'll admit to my Thomas Keller fixation: I've consumed at French Laundry, Bouchon (Nor Cal) and I've now moved onto his cookbooks. So of course, when the opportunity for Bouchon Las Vegas presents itself...The most remarkable difference between Bouchon (Nor Cal) and Bouchon (Las Vegas) is the staff. No, not the staff that takes your orders, brings your food and caters to your dining whims: the folks at both locations are friendly, efficient and supremely competent. It's the set of folks at door. Unlike the pleasantries you might be greeted with at Bouchon (Nor Cal), the Bouchon (Las Vegas) entourage might greet you with confusion or disdain. During my first visit to Bouchon (LV), I chalked this up as an aberration. But now I suspect that Bouchon (LV) might be hiring from a pool of TAO rejects..or graduates. Which is worse? If you can put that first minute of the Bouchon LV experience aside, you will be rewarded. The muscles and fries are always phenomenal. The wine list is always extensive and superb. Again, 5 stars for service. Bouchon (LV) is an oasis of authenticity in a sea of Vegas sheen, once you get past the door.
4	Bouchon encompasses everything I love in a restaurant - top notch service, excellent food, great ambience.... Plus, I'm really into the french brasserie thing, so it's right down my alley.  I've only been here a few times but am now going to make it a Vegas ritual.  The last time I went, I started off with 1/2 dozen oysters that were really fresh & delish.  For my entree, I had this pork rib dish with bean ragout and dried apricots.  It was pretty damn good.  Some people might think the cut of pork they serve is too fatty for their liking, but  l happen to like pork fat.  Is that gross?  Everyone else at my table really enjoyed their food too.  Anyway, next on my list of places to try is Thomas Keller's French Laundry up in Napa...Yay.
5	The... BEST.. breakfast place in Vegas.. HANDS DOWN! Dinner is great too, but for a luxious meal experience that won't set you back more than $25 pp, breakfast is the way to go. The room is beautiful... the service elegant... treat yourself to this freakfast once in your life and I promise you won't regret it. Last tip... their rendition of a cheese danish is life changing. The sweet whipped cream cheese that goes in this thing is sooo good. You can also buy the pastries at the little stand downstairs near Grand Lux. If you want a cheaper/quicker Bouchon fix I recommend stopping by.
4	Brunch ($15-20) (single visit)Food: 4Service: 4Decor: 4Other: 3I really enjoyed my experience at Bouchon.  The food was good, the service was good, and the atmosphere was good.I do have a couple of knocks against the place, but nothing major.  They do not take reservations for the weekend brunch, which is fine.  However, we were told that if we arrived at 11am, we would be just fine.  It turned out that we ended up waiting about half an hour for a table, so that was a bad call by the hostess.  Then, when my friend was putting down his name for the waiting list for a table, he spelled his name for the hostess, and she still wrote it down incorrectly.  Not a big deal, so not a big knock.Other than our very minor problems with the wait and the hostess, we had a very nice brunch at Bouchon.
4	bouchon, surprisingly,  isn't fancy, but it does the job.  the food was delicious and they give you large portions...especially generous with the frites.  i ordered the croque madame (french grilled cheese sandwich w/ ham and fried egg on top)...loved it.  TONS of frites!!  the halibut special was also good with a large piece of halibut.  i was expecting tiny french dishes....WRONG!  definitely a comfort food kinda place!
5	I will definitely come here each time I come to Vegas!  We went for brunch.  Unfortunately we didn't have time to wait for the patio, but it would have been lovely to sit outside (it is in the Venetian hotel up top).  The inside is nice, too.We started with the strawberry filled croissant which was topped with some kind of crumbly goodness... oh yum.. (next time we want to try the donuts/beignets tho...)I can't remember exactly what my mom got, cause I cant find it on the menu.  But it was a baked egg dish, I believe topped with Mornay sauce, and maybe mushrooms and artichoke/spinach in it?  It was delish, but a bit rich, and served with yummy potatoes.I got the Croque Madam which is toasted ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg and Mornay sauce.  It is served with a ton of yummy pommes frites which were extra yummy dipped in the egg yolk/Mornay sauce concoction.  my mouth is watering now... yum.FYI, it is not cheap, about $15-$20 a plate.  I think a mimosa was $11, and it was in a small glass.  A bit steep but we bought two anyway, it's Vegas, right?
3	Second time at BB and was disappointed. We had a 9:45pm reservation and was seated right away (it was a slow night). The menu hadn't changed since the last time I was there (over a year ago). With chef Thomas Keller attached to it, I expected more fresh today changes to the menu. My friend order a mixed green salad (dressing was too oilly) and the special Lobster Torte. The torte was completely under done and tasteless. I ordered the troat - it was good. Not fantastic, but good. One outstanding was the wine our server choose for us - can't say enough good things about the servers here. They are wonderful and know their wine. Probably won't go back.
4	The special short ribs are to die for! The fries that Anthony Bourdain raves about were not impressive to me. Our waiter was kind of out of it (he seemed to be in a daze the whole night), but he was very kind to us.I liked the restaurant atmosphere! Classy, but comfortable. The dessert cream puffs were amazing!
2	Oh, Thomas Keller, you disappoint me!  While I still aspire to try French Laundry, I thought that I could sample Keller's fare at Bouchon to appease me until I can get that elusive French Laundry reservation.  We decided to have dinner at Bouchon before we went to see Le Reve at the Wynn.  I thought it would be a nice way to start off the evening.  Boy, I was wrong.I ordered an arnold palmer.  When I tasted it, I thought it tasted off.  It was tropical iced tea with lemonade.  I asked our server if they had plain iced tea and he said no.  Who the hell makes an arnold palmer with tropical iced tea???  It was all downhill from there.The soup special was chilled tomato soup.  With the temps in Vegas topping 110 degrees, a chilled soup sounded great.  When it arrived, I was puzzled.  I was expecting a pureed tomato soup or a gazpacho.  What I got was a clear broth, with pieces of small, pear shaped red and yellow tomatoes and croutons.  It would have been fine had it tasted good.  But the soup tasted nothing of tomatoes and had this strange oiliness to it.  I ordered mussels and fries and my BF had steak and fries.  I have to say, like the previous reviewer, the best thing I ate that night was the fries.  The wine sauce with the mussels was too salty.  I tried the steak and it was nothing special.  A large part of it was also severely undercooked for what was supposed to be medium rare.  My BF left a good portion of it untouched.  We also ordered a side of mac-n-cheese, which was an abomination.  The pasta was so overcooked that it was soggy.  No toasty crust, no cheezy goodness.  How hard is it to make mac-n-cheese?  At $6.50 for a tiny portion, you'd be better off buying six boxes of Kraft's mac-n-cheese and making it at home.We didn't have time to have dessert and decided to have coffee instead.  It came with a side of steamed milk.  I asked for cream and the busboy insisted that it was cream.  No, it was milk.  I've drank enough coffee to know the difference between milk and cream.  Whatever, I was done with Bouchon anyway.I didn't see much of the restaurant and of what I did see, it was nicely decorated.  Our server was largely indifferent.  For a restaurant of that caliber, I expect better service.The only saving grace was that we had a $20 voucher from the Venetian for our dinner.  Even with the discount, it was a very underwhelming experience.
2	"The secret to happiness is low expectations."  I lived by this mantra for a very long time, but allowed myself to slide a little bit when I booked a table at Bouchon.  I'd been to Thomas Keller's slightly better known restaurant in California, and had been so completely blown away that I figured Bouchon should offer something damn good in its price range.Not quite.  We had an attentive, polite, and gregarious waiter who made us feel very much at ease and gave enthusiastic recommendations.  There was nothing he could do to deter us from ordering the half lobster (which my friend wanted to try) and the foie gras (which after two outstanding experiences at FL was a must order for me) and he recommended the halibut entree also.He warned us that the foie gras was large and a terrine rather than a single fried piece, and suggested we order not too much more.  I should have listened.  Somehow 5 oz of foie gras didn't strike me as a massive amount, but it was, as in enough for a table for six.  And not particularly good.  It tasted more like patee than the foie gras.  Serving a massive overpriced portion of mediocre food goes completely against what I understand TK's philosophy on food to be.  Keller says you should give customers not quite enough of something, so that they can enjoy just a taste of several things while remaining hungry for additional offerings.  But this was easily the least rich, least buttery foie gras (including terrine) I've ever had, and there was just way too much for two people.  In fact, there was enough that we gave the rest of it to the couple next to us, who dug into it with enthusiasm, and they still left more than a third of it by the time they were done.  Instead of making their best waiters hedge to the customers on the foie gras, they should just take it off the menu.Anyway, the lobster was excellent albeit pricey, and was served with a buttery mustard sauce that was simply a perfect match.  This was by far the most successful savory dish that we tried.  Again we were reminded of the not-quite-top-quality dining experience by the amount of fighting required to extract the half lobster from its shell.  I'm not the world's slickest guy with a lobster cracker, but this got damn messy, as in almost for our neighbors too.We also ordered the halibut on waiter's suggestion which had a nice texture but near zero flavor on its own.  Fortunately, it was served on top of some vegetables and a sauce that matched it nicely, and brought the flavor into detectable range.  As for the complimentary bread and highly not-complimentary house blend of red wine, both were reasonably pleasant.  The bread didn't stack up very well in terms of flavor or freshness compared to what we'd enjoyed at Olives earlier that day.   Upon our request, they also brought out some locally carbonated water they made using that special Norwegian machine.  For fear of sounding like a yuppie @$$hole I usually don't go bonkers about water, but this water tasted particularly crisp, clean, and cool.  Is this psychological or is it actually better?We finished with a wonderful creme brulee dessert which had the perfect level of sweetness and crispiness.  The top layer seemed thinner than usual, and this was a good thing.  Bravo.Anyway, despite the heroic efforts of our waiter, Bouchon scored bigger failures (foie gras, halibut) than successes (water, creme brulee).   This is no tragedy, but given the $200 cost including two glasses of wine and tip it's tough to justify going back.  Mon Ami Gabi and Olives both had more knockout items at a substantially lower price.  TK, I believe in you!  Fix this!
2	The bottom line: Despite some great dishes (mmm, bacon!) and friendly staff, it's not worth the money for the SLOW service.If you want more details:  My husband and I decided to try Bouchon for breakfast during our stay at the Venetian because of the great reviews here. We initially showed up around 10:20 on a Tuesday morning and were told there was a 20-minute wait. As usual in these situations, my husband felt 20 minutes was too long to wait, yet we then proceeded to spend over 20 minutes trying to find another place to eat! We finally decided to return to Bouchon, but by that time, the manager informed us they were no longer seating people for breakfast. I said, "Could you please recommend another good place for breakfast?" At that, he said he'd just seat us anyway. He was genuinely nice about it, with no "Hey, I'm doing you guys a big favor" attitude. They don't take reservations for breakfast, BTW.Our servers were both very good. However, although our order was taken right away, it took a LONG time to get our food, and it wasn't as though we'd ordered anything complicated. Even my cafe au lait took about 20 minutes to arrive, and that was only after I reminded one of our servers about it. What I actually said was, "If the bar has forgotten about my cafe au lait, don't worry about it; I'll just have a regular coffee."  He replied, apologetically, that he would take it off our bill but added, "I'm sure the bar knows about it--they just haven't gotten around to it." I said I was sure it was just an oversight, and he repeated, "No, believe me, they know about it. It just takes them a long time sometimes." Uh, 20 minutes for a cafe au lait that they HADN'T forgotten about? Is cafe au lait an unusual request in a French restaurant? By then, I was dying for some java, plus I didn't believe that the au lait would ever show. So, I asked for a cup of regular coffee. That arrived right away, and wouldn't you know it--the cafe au lait came right after. (Yes, I like coffee, but I hadn't hoped to be in the restroom the rest of the morning.) The couple next to us were already sitting down when we were shown to our table. I have no idea how long they'd been there, but their food arrived only about two minutes before ours finally did. After they'd finished, the male of the couple complained pretty vociferously to each of the waiters, separately, about the long wait. For what it's worth, we heard one of the servers explain to him, and apologize, that the head chef was off that day and also that they were a little short-staffed in the kitchen. Ok, these things happen--but is the expertise of a head chef really required to make sure the kitchen can turn out eggs, hash and waffles in less than 45 minutes? (I guess the bar manager must have been off that morning too.) I might add that the restaurant was NOT crowded. I wish servers in these situations would at least stop by to explain what is happening and apologize for an excessive delay *before* diners have to complain or ask questions. Our entrees were good overall, but by the time they arrived, they no longer seemed worth the money. My sourdough waffles with vanilla bean butter--I based my choice on the recommendation of some Yelpers--were truly nothing special. I could not taste even a whiff of vanilla in the butter. The strawberries it came with were very fresh and sweet, though. My glass of o.j. was fresh-squeezed and lovely.The only standout of for both of us was our side order of bacon. Actually, we'd ordered a side of sausage, not bacon. I've never been so glad that a restaurant got an order wrong, though, because the bacon was EXQUISITE--I don't know how they managed to cook it so that it was not crispy or overdone yet also contained not a fraction of an ounce of gross, rubbery fat. (It was standard American-style strip bacon, not Canadian-style bacon or ham.) Unbelievable.... Even the Taleban would eat pork like this. If it had not been for the bacon, we would have left feeling completely gypped instead of just partly gypped.Oddly enough, I would consider returning to Bouchon for dinner, because I suspect it is a better experience than their breakfast. But seriously, over 50 bucks for eggs and bacon, waffles, and hash browns, plus coffee and a small o.j.? (Not including tip.) Maybe if it came in a reasonable amount of time, fine, but not for that wait. Instead, try Grand Lux Cafe on the casino floor of the Venetian. It offers much more reasonable prices, good if not excellent food, and WAY faster service--albeit not the world's best bacon.
4	This is another place that I haven't been at in a while, probably a year or two, but had a good experience at. Rabbit appetizer was sooo good. Trout was nice and buttery. But mostly the rabbit.
2	Not worthy of it's association with Thomas Keller.  Having been to French Laundry (which, granted, is in a completely different price stratosphere) and experienced the meticulous detail accorded to the food and service at a Keller restaurant, perhaps I'm biased, but this restaurant was actually disappointing.Went with a group of 5 friends for brunch, having heard wonderful things and perused the menu.  The wait was a reasonable 30 min. at 11:30 on a Sunday morning.The restaurant is decorated in traditional French bistro style.  Our meal began with knots of bread (that were cold and did not taste particularly fresh) served with butter and jam that tasted distinctly of blueberry but which our waiter pronounced as blackberry.  No bread plates, so I assume the white paper tablecloth makes it easier to clean up the copious amount of bread crumbs at the end of a meal.  No separate butter and jam utensils also meant that individual knives were being dipped into both (and mixing them).  This sort of detail didn't in any way detract from the meal, but seems oddly unattentive for Keller.We ordered fresh orange juice ($3.50 for a small glass), croque madame, chicken and waffles, sourdough waffles with strawberries and vanilla bean butter, omelette du jour, and oatmeal with sugar and candied orange.  Prices were in the mid-high teens with the exception of the chicken and waffles, which was $25.The food was completely unremarkable.  The omelette was described as being served with heirloom tomatoes, basil and cheese.  What arrived was a standard French omelette filled with cheese and dressed with a slice of heirloom tomato and a few thin strips of basil on top.  The egg itself was lukewarm and tough.  It came with sausage (overly salted and greased) and toast.  The sourdough waffles and oatmeal were well-executed but undistinctive, although the accoutrements with both (strawberries with vanilla butter and candied oranges, respectively) were unique and delicious.  The toast that accompanied the oatmeal was underwhelming, and the waiter was reluctant to bring more jam upon request.  On the positive side, the croque madame was rich and decadent as it should be, and served with an enormous helping of pommes frites.  The roast chicken and waffles could have probably fed 2-3 quite happily, and the gravy and syrup were both classic and tasty.Service was in no way attentive.  The waiter didn't seem particularly well-disposed toward us and made clear what he thought of our choice of tap water.  Light upselling pressure (he recommended all of the most expensive dishes on the menu, wine, champagne, and dessert) and stinginess with jam were negative points.Came away with the feeling of a pricey and pretentious restaurant with unremarkable feeling.  I hope Bouchon in Napa is better.
5	After our lackluster dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill for dinner, I really was keeping my expectations low when we walked into Bouchon's for brunch.  First of all, unless you ask someone who works at the Venetian, you'll never find the restaurant.  We wandered through the Venetian shops and the Casino level and then finally found out that we needed to take the elevator to the 10th floor.  Oh well, helped us build up our appetite.  The atmosphere is light and airy with lots of sunlight coming in from the floor to ceiling windows.  We started with peach bellinis and the spiced beignets, which were both delicious.  For our entrees, I order the omelet du jour, one of us had the croque madame, and the two of us got the Kobe burger.  As we were waiting for our entrees the bread and butter came out.  The butter tasted amazing, and well as the blueberry jam,  but we all raved about the butter.  So far so good, much better than our experience at Mesa the night before.  When our entrees came out, I was truly stunned with excitement, my omelet was amazing, it was filled with bacon and summer squash and it came with two slices of the airiest brioche toast ever.  But what really put me over the top was the stack of bacon that came with it.  I'm not talking about the two or three slices, but a pile.  It was stacked on there like fries.  I was in protein heaven.  The Kobe burgers that my friends had were beautiful, as well as the the croque madame.The service was amazing, our server kept out glasses filled and brought us ice when we asked.  I can't wait to go back, hopefully for dinner next time.  Maybe one day even making my way up to the French Laundry for the tasting menu too.
2	This was a colossal disappointment.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but any bistro worth a damn should be able to make steak and moules frite, and for the prices they charge there really is no excuse for bad food.  My wife's steak was poorly cooked, it almost seemed as if it were steamed.  My mussels were exceedingly tiny and didn't taste very fresh.  Every course was disappointing to some degree, don't waste your money on Bouchon.The bus staff is very good, and the bread we had was warm, fresh and had a wonderful crust.  It's too bad the rest of the experience was dismal.
3	I was actually more curious about their brunch but wasn't able to get a reservation so we ended up here for dinner. This restaurant is located on the tenth floor of the Venetian so you don't see the typical Vegas crowds walking by the outside which is nice. I was expecting a casual dining atmosphere but when we arrived there were a lot of people who got dressed up (although there were a couple people who had on jeans and a t-shirt) and the dim lighting made it a great date place. The bus staff was very attentive and our waiter was actually french.  He seemed a little out of it at first..he didn't know what the specials were and had to read off the chalkboard which we could have done ourselves. Now onto the food and drinks...Drink- The Bouchon. I tried the signature drink with my meal and it was very crisp and clean. Just a hint of a citrus taste. Appetizers- Beef tongue. I was surprised this wasn't chewy at all but it came on to the table just barely warm. I'm not sure if this was suppose to be a cold dish but the temperature threw me off a little. Main dish- Steak and fries, and Lamb special. My steak came out with fries piled high on the dish. The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were thin and crispy just how I like em. But it didn't stand out from the countless other steak and fries dishes I've tried. As for the lamb dish, it was presented beautifully but looked half the size of my steak dish.  My BF finished it all and said it was just enough to fill him up.Dessert- Pot de Creme.  The custard was flavored with coconut and it was oh so good! It comes with three small cookies to eat with ..I only wish it had more of those delicious little cookies. The coconut flavor was very subtle and it was a lot creamier than most custards I've tried. I don't regret trying this place but I doubt I'll be back.
4	My first Fancy dancy restaurant on the Vegas Strip.  C'mon...people who knows me...knows I am a buffet guy.  But damn....talk about making this trip out to Vegas for my boy's bachelor party....we ended up here for dinner.  Definitely definitely order the Grand Plateau for an appetizer.  Holy sweet jeezus of seafood....that was a great tasting dish!! A lobster, oysters, mussels, clams, shrimp and good tasting horse radish.  For entree...I had their steamed mussels (Moules Au Pistou) in their wine/garlic sauce.....seemed like there was at least 3 dozens in my pot...oh so good.  Fries were fabulous.....overheard they used duck fat oil to fried the fries.....so....who knows...taste good nonetheless.   Their macaroni & cheese were awesome too.  Good luck finding this restaurant in the Venetian though....it felt like an Easter Egg hunt when we were looking for it.
4	I would have given 5 stars.   The following story will explain the docked star.  I apologize in advance for the lack of brevity.  The BF and I made our way out to Vegas for our 1st anniversary. Very exciting!  It was definitely an amazing, hilarous and interesting few days.  I booked most of our meals in advance after extensive research, ending our stay in Vegas with a lovely dinner at Bouchon before he took me to see "Spamalot" for my birthday.It was a lovely evening and we were sat at a nice table by the outdoor courtyard.  I was first surprised by people in "tourist" clothing sitting a few seats down, but it didn't really bother me.  I just thought it was odd.  Then, the nightmare began.Our waiter must have been a struggling actor from Long Island that finally decided to make the trip over to the West Coast in hopes of becoming a back up dancer/feather boy for Celine Dion.  From the start, we hated this gentleman, who I will call Waiter from here.  BF and I began to look over the menu and specials, as Waiter quickly blew threw each special.  Quote of the evening: "Hey, so um, do you guys want any wine? Are you even old enough to drink?"We are paying over $300 for this meal and this is the first question you ask us? Rut roh.  Now, BF and I are in our 20s and definitely look over 21.  If I recall, we ordered 1 glass of wine each (I white and he red.) Cause, "Yea, I guess we can use our fake IDs here to get some booze..."We ordered our meal.  Most of the dishes were recommended by Waiter; and I must say, he was spot on.  Each dish we experienced was wonderfully and perfectly prepared.  The highlight was the rabbit confit to start -- my life was changed at that moment.Throughout the meal, Waiter would stop by our table, start cracking jokes with his annoying New York accent.  BF and I are both from the East Coast and lived in the NY metro area, so this wasn't strange to us; what was strange was his complete lack of courtesy when divebombing onto our table with some lame ass joke or wise crack.  We finished our entrees, and thought it would be fun to start the evening off with the absinthe cocktail, which was really meant to be a cocktail enjoyed prior to your meal to cleanse your palette.   I thought it would be fun and silly to try this...the even light it on fire!! So, we ordered it, while we completely understood that it was a bit "against the grain."Quote #2 of the evening: "Are you guys seriously ordering that? Umm, it's not really an apertif, but whatever...**chuckle**"As he walked away from our table, I could visibly see steam coming out of the BF's ears.  His face was turning red and his lips were pearsed.  We need to get out of here soon...before he does something even more embarrassing that this waiter's freakshow of an act.So, we finish our unconventional and apparently LAUGHABLE absinthe and pay the check and leave.  The End.However, this is something I have NEVER done before.  I've been in many fine dining establishments in my life, but have never been so disappointed by our experience to bring it up to the front-of-the-house manager.  So, I asked the kind hostess if I could speak to the FOTH manager and pulled him outside the restaurant and let him have it.I told him that our waiter completely ruined our meal and if it wasn't for the beautiful and delicious food that was prepared, I would never recommend Bouchon to anyone. Ever. Again.Moral of the story: Bouchon Food = 5 stars.NY Taxi Driver employed by Bouchon = 0.
4	New addtions:  We went here for breakfast, and this is A MUST.  Their brioche toast is perfect, though the service was a bit slow and confused.Why not 5 stars? Well, not all of the dishes are really 5 star worthy, and it's more of a 4.5 star review, but the two trips to this restaurant were rather different in feel, which leads me to a slightly lower review.I've now been here twice, and I can safely say, the 2nd time was much much better!  First, never get the gnocchi.  The first time, one of my fellow diners got the gnocchi, and unless you like French gnocchi, you will be confused and disappointed.  The waiter this time talked one of the people I was dining out of the gnocchi, and she should forever be in his debt.For starters, we had the cod brandade, which was excellent, their olives, which had a lovely herbal note to them, and the charcuterie platter, which was a little too much sausage, but just wonderful.We then had salads, with the warmed goat cheese, which provided a nice sweetness to the bitterness of the salad. It had a touch of fennel in the dressing, which also brought a sweetness to the dish.  It was very well balanced for a salad.  My dinner was the flap steak special. It had the thickness of a filet, but about double the size on the actual steak. It was tender like a filet, but juicy like a rib eye.  A fantastic cut of meat, though the swiss chard bed it sat on was rather on the salty side.We all had desserts, most getting the chocolate mousse. I personally had the creme caramel, but the table also shared a tarte citron, which was probably the best dessert they offered up.  I highly reccommend going here, and make sure to get a good waiter. The service we had was fantastic! He was funny, light, and kept the dinner fun and relaxing.
2	Generally ... very disappointing.  VERY.Service was bleh.  Everything was late.  Our coffee was late.  Bread and jam late.  Food not in unison w/the rest of our party of eight.  I understand that parties of 8 or more automatically get 20% gratuity but this service really didn't deserve it.  They took my coffee before I was done w/it and w/o even asking me.  Come on now.  Food was mediocre to bad.  EXCEPT for the sourdough waffles w/nuts and strawberries ... that was yummy.  But the cornbeef, the sausage, french pudding toast, etc was all pretty medicore or the Eough (sp?) was NASTY.  Really bad.  Granted -- some French food is a little weird, and maybe, just maybe, the restaurant isn't to blame.Decor was okay.  And bread was very good.  But just about everyone in our group had a tummy ache after our brunch here ... so we were a lil disappointed to say the least.Too bad -- most French food is so good ... this place doesn't do it justice at all.
5	my date and i had dinner here based on the recommendation of a fellow bay area diner.  we were able to get reservations for an early dinner on short notice.  the bread was deliciously crusty!the wine list was extensive in the varietals despite having limited options.  i started with a glass of champagne and we ordered a carafe of a cabernet franc that was amazing on the palate.  we feasted on the goat cheese salad, short ribs, leg of lamb, and finished with the profiteroles.
4	With so many celeb chef outlets in Las Vegas, which try to mimic the original locations in high profile dining cities such as New York, San Francisco and London, many disappoint, however, Bouchon Las Vegas does not.  Not only is the Las Vegas location similar in style as the original in Yountville, the food is spot on as the dishes served at the Napa Valley location.The foie gras is silky smooth once it reaches room temperature and while on my most recent visit, the "foie gold" as the layer of duck fat is referred to, was removed and whisked away, it can certainly be enjoyed on the never ending toasted bread that is made available for this delicacy.  While all the dishes I have tried at both the original location and the Las Vegas location are identical in taste, portion and presentation, I do find it amusing that the servers need to educate the Las Vegas crowd as to what certain items are, including certain spices and seasonings, including perhaps taking my "foie gold" away as they assumed that I was not educated enough to know what it was - this would never have happened at the original Yountville restaurant, as the Bay Area is foodie central.Overall, a wonderful meal.
5	Delicious!!! We came here on our first wedding anniversary. My husband ordered the leg of lamb and I ordered the roast chicken. He declared it was the best lamb he has ever tasted and I said the same about the chicken. He also loved the wine but was disappointed that he couldn't purchase a bottle anywhere because it was made especially for Bouchon. We also had the mussel appetizer which was steamed and served cold with 2 sauces. So simple yet SO delicious. Didn't have room for dessert though. We live in SF so we will definitely be visiting Napa's Bouchon when we get the chance! Service was very attentive. The only thing I was bummed out about was that a large party of adults allowed their kids to play all over the place. They caused a ruckus and were running and rolling all over the floor behind us. Parents didn't say anything and I thought that was really rude of them.
4	Yet another must stop for my boyfriend and I due solely to the fact that he's a huge Thomas Keller fan.  We came for dinner and I started with one of their speciality drinks called The Bouchon.  It was tasty and well priced at $10.  We then ordered: - a mix of 3 cheeses.  All I can say is order the hook's cheddar!  It's amazing and after we had it we went to a cheese shop and bought 1/2 a pound to eat at home.   - I had the roasted leg of lamb on a nicoise olive chickpea socca with peppers, arugula, and jus.  I ordered it medium and thought it came out a little overdone even though it was still slightly pink.  I loved my dish and would order it again if given the chance.- My boyfriend had the roast chicken on a puff pastry round with ratatouille, garlic chips and jus.  He liked his dish at first, but there was a layer of pureed tomato that killed it for him.  It overpowered the whole thing making it almost inedible as time went on.     Overall I would say service gets 5 stars, ambiance 4, and the food 4.  I would happily go back, but there are so many other better restaurants in Vegas that I probably never will.  Thanks anyway Bouchon.....
4	Me and my family like this restaurant a lot. Although this is not a true "Bouchon" restaurant its menu and cooking style are heavily affected by it. Look at the menu and order all the meat and fatty food you can find and you will be happy.  If you are looking for fancy  Nouvelle type food you are at the wrong restaurant. The foie gras and short rib are MUST try.  Also the food is kind of heavy as expected so don't over order.
5	My Sister, Brother in Law, and little niece came into town and what better way to celebrate then some French Gourmet food by Chef Thomas Keller. We went to Bouchon (http://www.bouchonbistro.com/) at the Venetian. I walk by it a few times a week and it smells soooooo good so I figure it would be a fabulous place to dine at. Boy I was right! The wait staff was super friendly and spot on. Top notch service and great tasting food cant go wrong.My brother in law and I ordered the same thing. "Steak Frites" - Pan seared prime flatiron served with maitre d'hotel butter and French fries. Great minds and hungry stomachs think alike. The steak was cooked to perfection and the herb butter on top enhances the flavor. Of course the fries were crispy and delicious.My date ordered the "Plat de Cotes de Porc" - slow cooked (72 hours) pork short ribs with red wine braised cabbage and creamy yellow corn polenta.My sister ordered the "Maules au Safran et a la Moutarde" - Maine Bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard and saffron, served with French fries.For dessert, we had the special "Bouchons" - Brownie cakes with 3 types of ice cream. We also tried the Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee. Both were excellent.
3	I opted to have breakfast at Bouchon before the last day of a Vegas conference I was attending.  I had heard great things about the bistro and bakery, and I hoped it wouldn't let me down. When I arrived at about 9 AM, the place was bustling. I took a seat at the bar and waited about 10 minutes for someone to greet me with a menu. I knew immediately what I wanted to order--French toast, a side of sausage, and coffee--and my food was rung in at 9:15. As I caffeinated myself, the minutes ticked away and everyone around me received his or her food. At 9:50 AM, I still had nothing to eat, and I asked the server to check on my food and put it in to-go containers (I had to be at work at 10 AM). Finally, just a few moments before ten, my breakfast appeared from the kitchen and I bolted to my conference. I didn't take my hunger-stoked anger out on the waitress--after all, it wasn't her fault, and she kept my coffee full. However, I will be hesitant to return to Bouchon without much more time to spare. That said, the French toast was divine; the brioche was layered with apples and custard, and it had just the right amount of sweetness. The sausage was spicy, house-made, and absolutely out of this world. If the food was that good on the run, I'd absolutely like to taste it while relaxing in the charming atmosphere of the bistro itself.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars because of the atmosphere, WONDERFUL service, and good food; especially the pastries. I ate here for breakfast and as soon as we were seated we were treated like VIPs.  It seemed like we were being pampered. I had the Breakfast Americaine which consited of two eggs, bacon, saysage, toasted brioche a pastry with oj AND coffee. Presentation wasn't what I was use to for breakfast food. I'm use to it just being dumped on my plate. This was done nicely. The other person I was with had the Croque Madame which is toasted ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg with mornay sauce and pommes frites. I had some of hers and I wished I ordered that instead. At the end, we were happy and we gave a large tip to our waiter who was really grateful.
4	It's funny how you think you might not like something but it turns out to be an awesome and unforgettable experience.  A couple of my friends wanted to eat at Bouchon and I was a bit hesitate because from past experiences dining at French restaurants. Boy was the food great! I ordered the pan roasted trout and paired it with Pinot Gris...perfection! It was a late night dining so the crowd died down when we arrived but nonetheless we still had to call in to make a reservation for 9:45pm.
5	When next I am asked to close my eyes and go to my happy place, you can bet my mind will be visiting bouchon. I am never not happy in this restaurant. When I'm not in Vegas I dream about Bouchon Bloody Mary's. And, mmmm, salmon rillete. And those fries.When I am in Vegas I stay at the Venetian, solely to be close to Bouchon, and pretty much you can find me there as much as decency allows.
5	after a day of typical daytime vegas activities (translated: debauchery) I'm pretty sure all I had in mind was inhaling a half order of Carne Asada fries (I love San Diego).  But alas, I was in Las Vegas, and had a reservation for the restaurant at my hotel (the Venetian), Bouchon.  As exhausted as I was, I put on my "dinner shoes" (perfect for sit down occasions where the destination is a mere elevator trip away) and headed down for dinner.I love food- but food is still food, so while I expected to be wow-ed by the food, I never really expect any food I eat to be out-of-this-world extraordinary.  I try to maintain realistic expectations.  But let me tell you, this food came close.  I had foie gras for appetizer, the salmon as my main course, and also tried some fries.  Those are the 3 most memorable things I ate, so this review will be primarily based on my thoughts on them.  The foie gras (if you're into that) is good - extremely rich and creamy and can easily be shared among 4 to I'd say even 8 people.  It comes in a small 4 oz jar with some toasted bread.  I've only had foie gras once before (prepared entirely differently) making me hardly an expert in the area so I'm only capable of leaving a brief thought - it tasted like very flavorful butter.  It was delicious and worth a try, but I was told that it is a little different from what you might expect at a different restaurant. The salmon - heaven.  I've had pretty good salmon before, and some pretty bad salmon (over cooked, stiff, and tasteless.. ew.)  To be honest, I half expected this to just a typical good salmon, that I might not find terribly memorable (because I had yet to discover really memorable salmon).  Well this salmon was extraordinary - somehow the chef had managed to achieve the perfect combination of color, flavor, tenderness.. it was beautiful.  It was not over cooked or undercooked, and it looked like the color that salmon should be.  I typically enjoy the natural flavor of salmon so I don't usually need much additional flavor added to my salmon for me to think that it's good.  However, this did have some sauce that complimented the salmon perfectly.  I could taste the sauce, yet it did not overpower the salmon flavor that I enjoy.  I savored every bite and quickly forgot about how just an hour earlier, I thought I would have achieved the same level of nirvana (yes i was THAT happy.. and yes, eating good food really makes me that happy!) eating carne asada fries.  I'm pretty sure I was proven very wrong.  The salmon was much better.The fries.  Everyone has raved so much about these fries that at the time, so I will refrain from repeating myself but yes, they are the perfect blend of flavor and crunchiness.  I love fries!  I love them so much that I will even eat them cold.  And I did indeed eat these fries cold later one (we didn't finish them and had taken them to go.)  One thing that I discovered when eating them cold was that these fries had some delicious onion flavor snuck into them!  Brilliant! It was like they were fried in onion infused oil or something.  I didn't notice them while eating them hot (and someone let me know if you do!).. but the flavor was significantly more apparent and a nice surprise to me later on.  Now I'm dying to try them fresh again... I think it might be my only hope for being truly transported to another world by way of food.
4	I brought my parents here for dinner during my Dad's 50th bday trip to Vegas last year. I love love love the location. It's in a huge Vegas hotel (the Venetian), but it's tucked away in a separate tower and you have to take the elevator to get there. It's a gorgeous space with huge windows, very chic and very bistro.Of course the service was impeccable and our server was very knowledgable. They also make a VERY stiff drink. I forgot what the name was, but I had the signature drink. I swear I was tipsy after 2 sips. It was definitely worth whatever it cost. The food was very good, but I didn't wasn't really blown away by anything. The baguettes were great and so was the polenta that came as a side to my mom's entree. We had a special braised rabbit appetizer that was interesting. The bf and I both had croque madams which was surprisingly a little bland, but the fries...OMG the fries were soooo good, I wish I had room for all of them. For dessert we shared the waffles. I believe it was also a special. It was fun and interactive. Even if you don't order dessert they bring out a plate of cookies and candy for you.Don't forget to check out the stamp/embosser thing on the way out!Now that I've moved to SF, I'm hoping a trip to the French Laundry will be coming up soon!
5	I love you Thomas Keller!  Bouchon was perfect, amazing, superb; from the delicious food to the impeccable service, it couldn't have be better.  I have been infatuated with Thomas Keller and his amazing attention to detail for years now.  So, when the hubby  and I planned a trip to Vegas I knew I had to visit the restaurant.   First, I had the sweet corn soup with sage custard; the soup was velvety and warm and the custard was creamy with the perfect sage flavor.  Next we had the rabbit ballotine which came with a fresh plum and cherry  salad.  For the entree I chose the salmon with chard and buckwheat crepes; it was garnished with a lox cucumber salad and a tarragon butter sauce.  The flavors were unbelievable and the ingredients were obviously fresh and well handled.  Even though I was completely stuffed I still had to try dessert.  We got the trio of sorbets - mint, strawberry and vanilla placed a top small molten brownie cakes.  The mint sorbet tasted like they picked it straight from the garden.  The waiter also brought out a small plate of cookies which consisted of two mini biscotti, a chocolate and caramel truffle, malt truffle, buttery chocolate filled cookie and a raspberry jelly candy.  The food and atmosphere made for one of the best culinary experiences I have ever had.
5	Great service! Request the beautiful patio! White sausage is delicious - it's creamy, which scared me at first, but wow it was the best sausage! Quiche florentine is also divine (cuz it was also creamy and the crust was perfectly flakey and buttery). My siblings loved the french fries and the croque madame, but I didn't think it was really unique.The sourdough waffle looks great, but it didn't taste special. Nor did the french toast (that was way too soggy inside and tooooo sweet - in a bad way, and i have a sweet tooth!). But no restaurant is perfect, so definitely get the other goodies and enjoy this nice spot.
5	Excellent oyster selection and great bread.  Had the scallops, done just right, and a glass of wine.  Then I went down and won a few hundred on the tables!  What a great night ;)
5	i'm going to start by saying that i'm not a huge fan of french food as it's a little too rich for me. but this place surpassed my expectations. they had an escargot special the night i was there that pretty much made me ... well... anyways it was AMAZING.  we had every desert on the menu (i think) and i'm not sure i have a preference because they were all orgasmic.  i had trout... but we all had a taste of everything and nothing failed to please...the only odd thing was that our server seemed... well... a bit overwhelmed. but he was nice and i think he was a rookie - and i guess we were four feisty vixens eating our faces off and drinking delicious wine (so it very well may have been overwhelming for anyone serving us!)
5	First off, I must say: the quiche!  The quiche!  Oh, the quiche...  A crust high, light, and crisp...  A moist, flavorful custard...  I'm not sure I'll ever get over it...  Sigh...You know, for a bistro, this probably truly is as good as it gets.  Keller has a knack for inadvertently downplaying the excellence of this place as it focuses on "simple, everyday" food, and yet it is possibly more impressive than the haute cuisine at his other places specifically BECAUSE of that.  He applies the same stoic, relentlessly perfectionist techniques to roasting chicken and cleaning tripe as he does to "pearls and oysters" or any of his other signature dishes at French Laundry or Per Se.  I'm not sure that people are aware of exactly how meticulous, and, on some level, crazy, his kitchens are in their multiple-step, multiple-hour preparations for the "simplest" things.  All I have to say is they must have a shit-ton of cooks in that kitchen.  And I'm damned glad he has a following that can support that.  But oh, the quiche!And the steak.  And the salad.  And the fries.  And the bread.  And the chicken.  And the oysters.  And the...
4	I was pretty excited to eat at Bouchon since I had heard a lot of good things about it.  While I was not disappointed, I have to say that I was not blown away by the food.  Came here for late brunch on a Sunday afternoon.  I loved their little pieces of bread they brought to the table!!  So cute and crisp.   We ordered the Sourdough Waffles, which was probably everyone's favorite dish.  The waffles didn't taste sour at all and were oh so light and fluffy.  It came with Vanilla Maple Syrup, which tasted slightly different from their regular Maple Syrup.  My friend ordered the Bouchon French Toast, which she did not like bc it was not at all like what she had expected.  Rather than individual pieces of toast, the bread came mashed together in a stack.  We couldn't taste any pudding inside either.  The Chicken and Waffles were good - these waffles were different from the sourdough ones and came with some kind of grain.  Good but not as good as the sourdough waffles!  I liked the gravy it came w/ bc it had chunks of bacon in it.  The Croque Madame was average - I found it to be a bit on the salty side.  Not sure why people rave about this one.  Loved the side of frites, though.  We also ordered a plate of Beignets (French donuts).  They were sprinkled with cinnamon and reminded me of a fried version of those Hostess Gems.  Delicious!  They also came with a side of Nutella and Jam, which isn't really needed but which I used with the bread instead.  Service was good, and the place is well lit with natural light.  Next time I'm coming back for dinner!
5	The most delightful dining experience possible on the Vegas strip, and the only time the service at a restaurant was top-notch. The food was heavenly - we got the sourdough waffles with strawberries, salmon baguette, and sides of bacon for Sunday brunch in the Venezia tower of the Venetian. Building my salmon baguette from the pieces perfectly laid on my plate proved to be a bit of a challenge, but I did it - wonderful. Bacon was solid, and the coffee and teas were pleasant. Best brunch on the Vegas strip, I'm sure.
4	a restaurant critic once said,"great restaurants don't just feed you; they also make you happy to be there.  i don't go to a restaurant to eat.  i go to a restaurant to have a good time."this best describes bouchon, in terms of food, menu, ambiance and service.  what a paradise in middle of all the ritz and glitz!  compare to the hotel (venetian) where the restaurant is located, it certainly is a bit understated since all that bling-blings and hustle and bustle are wiped out.  but i like that about bouchon.  i like that i can spend hours there and forget about everything that's going on around me and the world.  i like that although i am surrounded by other patrons, it feels like i am enjoying my own private dining. of course, bouchon is known for their mussels and pomme frites (my favorite french words beside louis vuitton...haha, i am kidding!!!).  however, i heard that the mussels here are not as plump as the ones in napa, so i opted for the most american breakfast item i could find in a french bistro, corn beef hash with over easy eggs and brioche toasts.  perhaps, there was too much corn beef in proportion to diced potatoes?  the dish was a bit salty.  in fact, the french fries were salty as well and i had to eat them with ketchup (i normally enjoy my fries without any condiment). their mini baguettes (complementary) and brioche toasts stand in a league of their own.  french truly knows how to make breads.  sometimes baguettes could get hard as bricks, but the ones from bouchon were extremely soft yet crunchy and had that wonderful fresh baked flour aroma.  brioche has always been my favorite type of breads, and it didn't disappoint me here.  extremely soft and buttery...i wouldn't mind eating those toasts even if i were to gain 100lbs.service was wonderful and attentive.  i loved the way they brought my iced tea which was freshly brewed, warm in a cute flask, and a cup with ice cubes.  i was happy at bouchon.  i didn't just eat...i had a good time!!!
5	Wow! This restaurant is AMAZING!!! I was staying at the Venetian with family (yes, if you've read my other reviews, I do tend to go to Vegas a lot with relatives...) and we decided to try this restaurant when we walked by. Our wait for dinner was not too long and we were so impressed by the food. Starting with the table bread, everything was perfect. The wine we ordered was delicious. Then, I tried the mussels and was in heaven! We also shared some french fries which were fried to perfection. We sat at a gorgeous table in the garden setting by a fountain. While I love Vegas, it was pretty amazing to feel whisked off to another land! Our waiter had a cute accent and was very helpful and sweet.Because we enjoyed our meal SO much, we decided to return to Bouchon for brunch the very next day. The brunch was also delicious but not quite as impressive as the dinner. I definitely hope to be back dining at Bouchon! This is probably the closest I will get to Napa's French Laundry for a while...
5	I was able to visit Bouchon (located in the Venezia lobby, take elevator from main Venetian lobby) last week and it will definitely always be a must-stop for me. Although we pondered going for dinner, we decided to go for breakfast as it is what it is known for. It was absolutely heavenly. Delicious, well-made, and unique food along with great service. Food as its best.
3	So... my expectations were high, not ridiculously high, but they were up there.We ordered the salmon rillettes as our starter, which tasted amazing, but I didn't eat too much of it as I didn't want to fill up before the main courses came. Main courses were the roasted chicken with puff pastry tartlette and the top sirloin special. Don't get me wrong, both were good, but not $30+ good. Everything was cooked to perfection, but a little over seasoned however - could be because it's Vegas and the combination of sweltering heat and dry, cold air conditioning that leaves you feeling super dehydrated, the last thing you want is something so rich/salty. The fries were good and dessert was so-so. The beignets were my favorite along with the home made ice cream that came with my bouchons (vanilla, mint chip and orange ginger) - the bouchon, which sort of resembled a cork shaped brownie - was a little dry. Overall, I was a little disappointed as I was anticipating a Thomas Keller experience - and the spark just wasn't quite there.
4	Day 2...Brunch took us over to the Venetian. We've ate at Bouchon, Yountville and always enjoyed it. It was remarkably empty. Just 3 other tables filled.We ordered:3 Omelets specials which consisted of Bacon and Chanterelle mushrooms. 1-Corn Hash which features small chunks of meat instead of the traditional shredded Underwood Devil's Corn-Hash style.So far best of the trip.
5	Aw Bouchon Bistro, its one of those restaurants I could spend all morning at and feel more relaxed than ever before. One thing people need to realize when coming to this restaurant is Thomas Keller did not open Bouchon Bistro for it to be compared to the greatness of The French Laundry or Per Se, no he opened so people can experience a french bistro without leaving the country and he did just that. I came for  breakfast  and had no problem getting a seat on the patio. The patio is a nice and quite area with a small fountain in the middle that will make even the most stressed out people feel relaxed. I started off with a cup of there delicious coffee. I then ordered there signature Bouchon French Toast which is bread pudding style with warm layers of brioche, custard and apples, served with there warm maple syrup. One bite is all it took to fall in love with this place. Its not your ordinary french toast at all. One might think its to small when they first bring it to the table but after wards you will be more than satisfied. Its rich but not overpowering and the thinly sliced apples add a nice light refreshing taste to it. I also ordered a side of the potatoes that were seasoned and cooked perfectly and had to be the best potatoes I have had in a long time. Overall the service was excellent throughout the meal. They always made sure my cups were full and I was taken care of. This is one of my favorite places now and would come to Las Vegas just to eat here again.
3	can it be more difficult to locate? it took me and my wife over 30 mins of walking around the casino to find the restaurant. none of the staff at the venetian knew where it was located and it wasn't even on the casino directory. there were plenty of advertisement posters for the place, but none of them had an address or phone number printed.the service was excellent once the waiters were finished battling over who was to serve us. in a restaurant of its caliber, i didn't expect to see such a fussy spectacle over the matter. for the rest of the evening, however, the waiter was exceptional (surprisingly knowledgeable about the food and its preparation).the feasting began with complimentary pain d'epi (wheatstalk bread) and butter. it was one of the tastiest breads i've ever had. the crust was thick and crunchy and the inside was soft and chewy--but not to the point where your jaws would be sore from chewing it. we weren't even hungry but we were able to kill the entire loaf (actually, my wife had just one section while i finished the rest).for our appetizer, i completely forgot the waiter mentioned that they had salmon tartare as one of the specials of the day and ended up ordering the beignets de brandade de morue. they were disappointing to say the least. greasy and crispy on the outside and mushy on the inside, they tasted like fried taro puffs that can be found at dim sum restaurants for 1/7th of the price.for our first course, we split an order of moules au safron which were served with fries. we had heard really good things about the fries and, for the most part, they lived up to the hype. the fries really were all uniform in length and perfectly seasoned. at first, they appeared to be pretty ordinary but, as we worked on them for the rest of the meal, we realized that each following fry was just as perfect and crispy as the preceding fry. the mussels were much the same. each succulent mussel (there were so many of them we lost count..perhaps 70-80?) was perfectly cooked and delicious. the meal could have ended with the mussels, but because i didn't know how big the portions were going to be,  i had also ordered an unnecessary $45 duck entree. the entree included duck breast with crispy skin, collard greens, and fried polenta. this was our least favorite part of the meal. the duck was a little rubbery and not very tasty at all. the collard greens were very very salty and fibrous. the polenta, however, was probably my favorite part of the entire meal. it was so light and crispy but rich in buttery-corn flavor. i deducted 1.5 stars for the duck entree and cod beignets and another .5 star because the restaurant was difficult to find and because of the initial concerns with the service.
3	We've heard and seen on the Food Network great things about Bouchon and certainly was not disappointed with the service. The dining hall is elegant and proper. Brunch was good, but not blow- your- mind great. We tried the Salmon Baguette, a take on salmon and smear on a bagel only for $15, but this is to be expected. Nevertheless, it was good. We also had the Bouchon French Toast which is done in a bread pudding- like style. It shouldn't be be called French toast because it does not resemble anything like it. It really should be called bread pudding. It was more like dessert-- too sweet to be had as a brunch meal.
5	I use yelp a ton, and realized that I don't review enough.  So when deciding what to review, I thought about the best restaurant I've eaten at recently:  Bouchon at the Venetian.I like nice food, good food.  So when checking into the Venetian, my mouth started watering at the restaurants I could enjoy without leaving the hotel (Mario Batali has two, Wolfgang Puck has a presence, and there's a Delmonico's Steak House).  However, I decided (thankfully) on Thomas Keller's Bouchon.  It was recommended that we sit outside in the courtyard, which we did.Perhaps it was that my buddy and I were up at Blackjack at the time, and had a few cocktails in us, but the meal was perfect.  The outside dining area is like a French cafe, with a big courtyard and a fountain adjacent to the patio.  The service was great:  attentive and understated.  But the food, oh the food.  The freshly-made bread and butter (fresh butter) were perfect.  The Duck Confit that we split as an appetizer had great flavor, and was beautifully presented.  My main was a special, striped bass; I have only good things to say.  My friend has the short rib, which was juicy, flaky, and melted in your mouth.  Not complaints whatsoever.So if you are in the Venetian trying to decide on a nice meal, go to Bouchon.
5	See profile site for full review with formatted pics.Thomas Keller needs no introduction...he is without a doubt the reigning sovereign of American "haute-cuisine."  With attention to detail that is unmatched and an approach to cooking (both as an art and as a business) that is beautiful and elegant, expectations are and will always be high entering one of his establishments.  Having consumed ~$100 between two at Bouchon Bakery in NYC back in June, my expectations entering Bouchon Bistro on the 10th floor of the Venetian were high....at least 10 stories high.Due to their rustic simplicity and historic preparation by poor persons utilizing limited ingredients, I personally believe gnocchi/dumplings (along with Bread Pudding) to be the ultimate foods by which to judge a chef and knowing that my time in Vegas would be limited, I e-mailed ahead approximately 2 weeks early and asked if it would be possible for the chef to prepare the Gnocchi a la Parisienne during the weekday breakfast hours.  While an odd request for sure, my e-mail was almost immediately answered by General Manager Andy St. John who stated the chef would be delighted to prepare the meal during the day at no additional costs, no questions asked.  Gnocchi for breakfast?  Well, kinda...Arriving at Bouchon around 7:30 I checked in with the host who introduced me to dining manager Robert who took me to my seat, indoors looking out at the pool given the bright sun and my fare skin.  Water was delivered and I was given a few moments to browse the restaurant before my server returned.  The simple bistro layout, the open doors to the pool and garden, the fresh smell of the baking breads....lovely.  When Robert returned specials were discussed, despite already knowing my strange request, and I settled on a starter of the Chocolate Almond Croissant and a cup (make that about 6 cups) of coffee.  See, the croissant was Breakfast...the Gnocchi just followed closely.The croissant, like all of Keller's pastries, was magical...the best croissant I've ever had in terms of flavor.  Crispy and warm on the outside with chocolate drizzle and copious almonds, plus a flaky interior and a thick layer of chocolate gnache folded into the flaky dough and then loaded with chopped almonds.  If I lived close to a Bouchon this would be a very frequent indulgence to say the least.  The coffee...thick, robust, french pressed...the best priced cup of coffee in Vegas for sure.A couple more coffee refills and it was time for the main course (consumed with water, not coffee.)  Without further ado, I will just say that this dish redefined gnocchi in all ways.  Unlike Italian gnocchi, the French style utilized butter in the noodles along with the potatoes and the effect literally creates a dumpling that melts on the tongue.  Every single piece appeared hand crafted, perfectly tender on the outside, yet toothsome and textural on the outside.  The dish was complimented with carrots, spinach, mushrooms fricassee and beurre noisette as dressing and the entire effect was simply perfection on a plate.  I honestly cannot think of the last time it took me so long to savor each bite of a dish, but by all accounts I believe I ate each piece individually, slowly.  Such simple ingredients, such flawless execution.  Certainly I love foie gras, blue lobster, diver scallops, and desserts considered to be delicacies, but I also appreciate when simplicity yields perfection.  While I've not been to French Laundry or Per Se, both will have their time in the sun in the near future...but for now I will simply state that if it is the little things that count, Bouchon is doing ALL the little things right from superior service to setting to food.  After breakfast I made my second of four visits during the trip to Bouchon Bakery for a carry-along snack...two days later I returned to Bouchon for Brunch, my only repeat of the trip....yes, it was that impressive.
4	I've been to Boucon in Yountville and I was interested in trying the Vegas outpost.   The food was just lovely.  The service was over the top.  Our waiter gave absolutely poetic descriptions of all the specials.  This location is very quiet compared to Yountville.  It's a bit hidden away inside the Venetian which is especially nice if you'd like a quiet meal away from the chaos of the strip.
5	See profile site for full review with formatted pics.As I am a very healthy eater approximately 29/30 days each month as part of my lifestyle, I haven't even experienced the 20 best restaurants in Columbus, my home city.  With that in mind, as a rule I generally don't revisit restaurants, especially when on vacation.   How is it that I found myself back at Bouchon only 2 days after my original experience you might ask?  Because dollar for dollar it is the best restaurant in Vegas.  It's the same reason I found myself at Bouchon Bakery four times in four days.  Call me obsessive if you like, I consider it a pursuit of perfection and as of yet I've not found anything in terms of food or service that Thomas Keller does less than perfect.Arriving for Saturday brunch around 7:50am the night after dinner at Alex one might assume I was both happy and full...and difficult to impress.  One would be correct.  With those things in mind, the Buckeyes and Gophers game was starting at 9:00am and I was meeting friends at the Palazzo Sports Book so an early trip to Bouchon was ideal.  Seated outside I was once again greeted by the same fantastic service I received on trip one and was presented the specials including a phenomenal sounding Lobster gratin, Lorraine quiche, Strawberry croissant, and Cauliflower soup.  While the gratin was incredibly tempting the draw of the French toast bread pudding was simply too much this time around and my neighbors had the cinnamon beignets which appeared heavenly.  One French toast, one order of beignets, and a coffee please.Unlike the first time, for this meal I was started off with Keller's famous epi-baguettes which I first experienced in NYC back in June.  Still wonderfully crunchy on the outside and soft and buttery within and served with that sinful sweet butter and raspberry preserves the baguettes were gone by the time my beignets arrived.The beignets, as expected, were incredible.  Having tried the custard and Raspberry filled versions at Bouchon Bakery the day before I opted for the donut-esque versions this time around which were served with a beautiful apricot jam and a pot of warm Nutella.  Light, airy, sweet, and still warm/glistening the beignets were much more than a "donut" and when dipped in the Nutella were even better than Ducasse's famous madelines from two nights prior.  Magical.  Losing myself in the morning sun, wonderful taste, and bold coffee I slowly indulged until all the jam and nutella was spent.Plates cleared and table dusted off for posterity, my coffee was refilled and returned along with the French Toast.  Smaller than expected, yet delicate in appearance I dug in slowly expecting to be amazed...and amazed I was.  While small, the taste was compact and potent with a creamy texture of butter cut by the texture of spiced apple and the fragrance of cinnamon.  Syrup was utilized sparingly, yet wonderfully to create a masterpiece without overpowering with sweetness.  While not a "true" bread pudding in the sense of the one served at Bouchon Bakery, this is my second favorite bread pudding ever behind only Nancy Olson's life-altering version at Gramercy Tavern.Meal finished I paid my bill and thanked my server for the wonderful meal.  All things being equal I would have returned for a late brunch around 2pm in order to check out the gratin or chicken and waffles, but after hanging out at the Sportsbook for a few others my buddy made other plans.  Oh well, at least I made my fourth and final stop at the Bakery on my way over to the Palazzo for some mid-game snacks.Two meals in four days, four stops at the Bakery, and a previous visit to the NYC location back in June...certainly not normal for me...then again, there is nothing normal about Bouchon; it is fantastic.  With fellowship interviews coming up later this year I fully expect myself to wind up on both coasts for interviews...if schedules work out, a trip to French Laundry, Ad Hoc, and/or Per Se is almost a guarantee.  Until then, Thanksgiving will certainly feature the Bouchon Cookbook quite prominently.
4	Yum for brunch, period!
4	The best french food I've ever had! Amazing food and outstanding service - what more can you ask for?!   Both my friend and I ordered something we usually do not eat - meat.  We are more seafood gals.  But I must say that we defintely did not regret our choices.  I ordered the special braised pork shoulder and she ordered the beef short ribs - both were very flavorful and tender.  We were also told by our waiter that that the veges come straight from the French Laundry restaurant in Napa.  This place is well worth your money so it's a must try the next time you're in Vegas.  And be sure to order the pomme frites!
4	Breakfast here is a must! Everyone must try their light and fluffy waffles! Actually, everything is good, even the free bread and jam. Unfortunately, dinner wasn't that great for me. I had the steak and frites. The fries are gooood but the steak tasted like a burger patty...I should get something else next time.I want to go back and try more breakfast items!
5	I've eaten here twice for dinner and once for brunch in the past 3 years. OMG, this place never fails to impress me. I just wish it was easier to book RSVP's at their Napa location. Service was always excellent and I can always trust their opinion if I can't decide between 2 dishes.Always order at least 1 item off their special-of-the-day menu, you won't regret it.Oysters on half shell are extremely fresh and is one of a few places I would trust to order raw seafood in the middle of a freaking DESERT.French onion is better than most places I've had. Definitely better than Left Bank's soup.If it's offered during brunch, make sure you order the strawberry croissants. Hands down, best croissants I EVAR had.And if you want beef, the steak w/ frites will never disappoint. I have yet to meet anyone who didn't agree w/ me on this dish.
4	Thomas Keller has created a restaurant that will outlive the fads.  What a great restaurant.Sommelier was very helpful, knowledgeable and just good peeps.I have been here multiple times and the quality and service have never disappointed me.  Je t'aime, Bouchon.
5	We visited Bouchon in Yountville, CA last year and decided to visit Bouchon Las Vegas this July for breakfast. We arrived about 9:00am and were seated right away. The decor is beautiful and everything is immaculate. The staff was very attentive. My husband ordered the corned beef hash and eggs/toast for $16.95 and I had the Breakfast Jardinere (garden breakfast), which consisted of two eggs, brioche toast, potatoes, gnocchi, fruit salad, juice and daily pastry for $21.95. The food was impeccable! More than we had expected! Not your typical Vegas breakfast. One tip, when ordering water with your meal, as most of us do, they will ask you if you want still, tap or sparkling water. They charge you $7 for a carafe of still water, but the tap is free. The food was amazing, as in true Thomas Keller fashion. Each bite left us wanting more, but eagerly anticipating what was next. We were thoroughly pleased with our meal and will gladly return.
5	French toast and Pippi L.-recommeded bacon. This has to be the best vegas strip breakfast ever.  It was very calming, sitting there and enjoying  it all.I want it again. And again.
4	I had a couple college buddies in town this last weekend.  I got lucky arranging a comped room for them at Venetian.  When checking them in and checking out the room ( I've never stayed at Venetian,  enjoyed a weekday jaunt at Palazzo but never hit the mothership ! )  their room was in the Venezia Tower which means it's stones throw from Bouchon.  Sadly, my buddies aren't the foodie types (as an example,  my one friend enjoys the coffee shop at the wild, wild west casino -  ok, I like it, too.) but I figured , tough cookies, we are gonna hit Bouchon for brunch and they are gonna like it !!Saturday brunch at Bouchon after a late nite of Vegas "activities" is  a welcome reprieve.  Even though the restaurant was busy ( about  1/2 hour  wait to get a table ) the overall vibe is relaxing.We decide to start with some pastries and of course, COFFEE ! We opt to have the server make the selections for us.  A raspberry  coffee cakish pastry, a chocolate croissant, a regular  croissant and the server brought us complementary what I'll call, mini -  beneights .  I went with the croissant - perfect ! tried a little nibble of the others, again, amazing !  and the coffee, I'm not a coffee snob, in fact, basically started drinking coffee when I moved to Vegas, this is definitely one of the better cups of java I've tried.My two buddies order the same thing( I gave them a glare hoping they might order different items for the sake of variety ) - the chef special omelet ( it had sausage in it - I believe Italian ) I went with one of the other specials - the crab gratin.  My roomie ordered the french toast with a side of bananas.Sad to say, the only pic taken by my roomie - the gratin. The omelet's looked perfect and given the 30 seconds it took both my buddies to inhale them, they tasted good, too !The french toast -  I'm sorry, it ain't "french toast" it's french toast "inspired" bread pudding !  It does taste great but my spin - it's a dessert.The gratin - amazing flavors but very rich.  It has a very heavy cream base to it.  I was completely stuffed but I had to try a lil nibble of the mini-french baquettes provided with our breakfast - I wish I was still hungry because the bread was simply devine.The service - impeccable.Total cost for 4 ( including beverages ) - $127.
5	Well just returned from a nice little visit to good ol' Las Vegas and cant stop thinking and talking about our last night in town. It was spent at Bouchon, and well worth it! So I'll make it short and sweet.Our table had the following:chilled lobster tail- AmazingSteak frites-Amazing the best frites(fries) i've ever experienced!Sauteed Salmon- PerfectRoasted Chicken- Probably the best chicken I have ever had! I try and stay away from chicken when I go out to a nice place because I eat it so often, but I do regret not getting it here. When I go back thats what im getting. Well worth trying!!!! A must, so juicy and the flavor is something I cant put into words. Dessert: Profiteroles (like the outside or a cream puff cut in half and filled with ice cream and covered in chocolate sauce) and Im sorry I dont remember the correct name but they were chocolate, chocolate chip mint, and vanilla bean ice cream on top of "cork" Brownie's and topped with chocolate sauce! To die for so save room for dessert!!!!Also I gave this place 5 stars not only because of the wonderful food but also for our waiter Christoph who made the experience all the better. He was very friendly and entertaining. He made us laugh and that always makes dinner even more enjoyable. Great service.Actually heard about this restaurant on Anthony Bourdain's show called "No Reservations" on the travel channel! Check it out!
5	Bouchon is a lovely hideaway on the top of the Venetian! Come here at night and you'll feel like you're in an old film. This place is great for dinner (seafood is amazing here), AND breakfast... It's got gorgeous interior decorating AND a comfortable atmosphere. The dim lights during dinner got me a little sleepy though. And their business cards are really cool. Basically they have these little square pieces of royal blue cardstock that you stick in a letterpress machine they have that prints Bouchon's info and you have your own little business card..
4	Awesome brunch.  Totally affordable consider you're in Vegas.  I got the salmon baguette and Howard got the Breakfast Americaine.  It was lots of food!!  Yummy bread and pastries.  My dish is a standard, but all very good.  Howard's, again standard, but done very well.  You think you're in a parisian bistro, it was wonderful Sunday brunch!
4	This is Thomas Keller restaurant, so you expect to be blown away from the start.  I have to say that this is probably one of the best restaurants in Vegas.  The homemade foie gras is unbelievable.  Mussels with saffron was also great.
5	So I was staying at the Venetian this trip and what does Venetian have....Bouchon Bistro. Now everyone in the restaurant business knows about the Last Meal question. Now Bouchon Bistro may not be my last meal it would be the perfect start for my last day on earth. To me Thomas Keller is one of the culinary gods which is the reason I ate breakfast three times, Dinner once, and snacked at Bouchon Bakery twice. Everyone has that one place where they just feel relaxed and comfortable and they feel like no matter what time it is or whats going on in there life they can feel free at that moment in time. For me its here at Bouchon Bistro. I don't know if its dining outside on there peaceful patio hearing the sounds of the fountain or there impeccable service I receive every time I dine or the food that may not have that WOW factor but makes comfort food taste AMAZING! Or maybe its there coffee that a doctor could classify as crack because its so good. Whatever it is it will keep me coming back and leaving with a smile!BREAKFAST #1: I ordered the Boudin Blanc which is white sausage with scrambled eggs and there Almond Brioche. To be honest I don't know the difference between white sausage and regular sausage but all I know is the taste difference. It was so juicy and melt in you mouth good that cut like butter. I'm not a big sausage lover but once I put a piece of that big, juicy, and so good sausage in my mouth (Get your mine out of the gutter) it was like love at first site with my mouth and that sausage! Of course the eggs were cooked to perfection!!! The Almond Brioche was sweet and savory and loved every bite of it!!!BREAKFAST #2: I ordered the Oeuf Au Gratin which is Baked Eggs, Mornay Sauce, Bacon Lardons, tomato confit, petit champignon, and pomme salpicon. In short, this is Thomas Kellers version of Eggs Benedict. The Mornay Sauce is much like Bearnaise Sauce which to me overpowered the dish WAY to much. It was a OK dish, my least favorite of my breakfast choices here, the Mornay Sauce just killed the other ingredients in the dish making it the only ingredient to really stand out.BREAKFAST #3: Aw this was my favorite! The Sourdough Waffles! It consists of 4 perfect little Sourdough Waffles topped with Fresh Bananas, Toasted Walnuts with Maple Syrup and Tahitian Vanilla Bean Butter on the side. Wow how can something so simple be so good. There Vanilla Bean Butter adds a nice touch from the ordinary butter which I think makes it stand a lone from the rest of the Waffles out there. There maple syrup is oh so good and the toasted walnuts add a nice earthy taste to it along with the bananas. I have a hard time deciding between the French Toast or the Waffles for my favorite dish!Dinner (Snack): Decided to have a small snack here before catching a flight back to Atlanta, GA and ended ordering a couple glasses of wine, to help with the long flight home :), and the Beignets de Brandade de Morue which is Cod Brandade with Tomato Confit and fried Sage. To me it tasted like a Rolls Royce version of Hush Puppies. Being that it was fried I found it to be a very light dish which I don't find to often with deep fried foods. The Tomatoes and Sage, EAT THE SAGE, goes perfect with the cod. For some reason people put the sage off to the side but they don't put it on the dish for nothing. Overall a good dish!
5	First off, I love that fact that the staff is open and friendly. But what sold me was the roasted chicken. I know, I know, chicken is for those who don't know what to get. But I'm so glad my wife got the chicken which was recommended by a couple on the next table. It was absolutely fantastic!!! I never experienced chicken whose texture was so luscious and smooth.  I still dream of the next time I can go back and order it all for myself.  Also, Anthony Bourdain had to admit that the french fries at Bouchon rival his fries, and he thinks he has the best fries this side of the Atlantic!  Well worth the money!
4	bouchon is code word for "sitting there and eating forever." seriously, it's not bad service or anything. i'm just not use to the way the french do it, which is sitting down for a long ass dinner and savoring every bite! my asian upbringing trained me to suck down my food quickly because there's things to do peoples! like gambling! we were in vegas after all and every hour that ticked by, i knew my chances for shooting dice at the craps table were diminishing. i was not ready for such a long eating fest. goodness, it took us close to 3 hours from beginning to end.now that i covered the whiny part of the review, the food was pretty delicious. my friends and i started off by sharing a few appetizers: pork belly (oh my buddha, how delicious it was. tender, melty fat, topped with crispy pork skin! what more can your taste buds ask for?!), melon salad with white anchovies dressing, and an endive salad. so good! every flavor blended well with each other and honestly, after the appetizers and the bread, i was ready to stop. the thickness of the meal was already settling in my belly.but the tasting journey continued. i ordered beef short ribs for my entree which sat on a bed of corn and button mushrooms with a squirt of mash potatoes on the side. i thought the short ribs were phenomenal, tender and flavorful, but the sauce eventually tasted saltier and saltier by the forkful. the sauce was also very thick, not to mention the heaviness of the mash potatoes. although thick in good flavor, the entree was more than enough and i felt stuffed!but of course, overeating isn't considered overeating unless you are on the brink of barfing it all up but STILL decide to get dessert anyways....and we did. we literally ordered a dessert that is like "a pot of coffee flavored cream." it came with three cookies and once i had that in my mouth, all i could think of was, "i am so full and this is such a fat move. gawd, who's going to roll me back the jockey club now?!"nice.
5	I was really disappointed that I didn't get to go to Bouchon the last time I went to Vegas, so this time I made sure I had Bouchon locked in for dinner during my visit.  Looking over the menu online before I visit, I was fairly surprised at how affordable most of the items were (for Vegas standard). We ordered quite a few appetizers - the grand plateau, (waiter recommended) crispy pork belly, and a creamy lentil soup. The grand plateau was exactly what I expected, FRESH, quality seafood from different parts of the country. The sauces that they paired with was interesting. If you like raw seafood, I would highly recommend this. The crispy pork belly -WOW, just WOW. Let's just say this, I put a piece of it in my mouth and my only reaction was to close my eyes and smile. I don't use this term very often, but the pork belly was definitely "slap your mother good".  I am not usually a fan of lentil soup, but the reason why I ordered it was because it was served with a horseradish maple bacon creme fraiche. The soup was alright (but then again I've never really been a fan of lentil soup). The creme fraiche, as I suspected, brought this dish to a whole other level. The texture of the lentils and the flavor of the bacon was definitely enhanced by the hint of horseradish. For a guy that has never liked lentil soup, I definitely ate a lot of it.For entree, I got the steak frites just because Anthony Bourdain raved that these were the "best fries EVER" on his show on the Travel Channel. Were they the best fries ever?? I don't know about ever, but they were pretty good but it wasn't mind blowing like I expected it to be. The fries are similar to the *perfect* McDonald's fries (I love Micky D fries), but not to soggy ones. The whole batch was crispy and well... perfect. I guess I just don't really know where the "best fries ever" are... In the end, it's just french fries... The steak was cooked perfectly to order. Meat was tender. Seasoning was spot on.I had the profiteroles for dessert. It was pretty cool that the waiter actually poured the chocolate sauce in front of you. The dessert tasted awesome.The service was great. Waiter had a lot of suggestions and was friendly. Everything was served in a timely matter. Bouchon Bistro is a must if you're in Vegas.
3	We were only here for breakfast, but I would have returned for dinner if it weren't for our waiter.The Food (4 stars):Though we ordered pretty simple dishes, they were all prepared well. I had the American breakfast (eggs, sausage, bacon, brioche, choice of bakery sweet, coffee and fresh squeezed juice). I forget how much it was, but for all that food I thought it was a decent price. Other items that were ordered were a cheese and mushroom omelette, and wedge salad with a tasty dressing. Everyone really enjoyed their food.Service (0 stars):I was expecting the service to be at least average, if not excellent, at this restaurant, but it was really, really disappointing. I can take some slowness in service, especially at a French restaurant, where it's expected and sometimes even preferred. So service was slow, but that's not my issue here. My waiter was either new or distracted (despite it being uncrowded) or just plain incompetent because:1) He talks up the strawberry croissants so much that I'm really looking forward to them but then while I am waiting for my food another server places a sweet cheese pastry in front of me. It's definitely not a strawberry croissant, so I ask the server if it's something that just comes with my meal. He says yes. I look around and see a bunch of other people with them on their tables, so I just figured it was something extra I didn't notice from the menu. End of story. I'm hungry so I start eating it without my coffee....Wait, why don't I have my coffee by now?2) Because my original server forgets that my meal comes with coffee and juice, and I don't see hide nor hair of him until I am almost done with the sweet cheese pastry (I'll be getting a strawberry croissant later, after all) when my server pops by to ask how I like the pastry. I tell him it's great (it was actually very good), and he says "oh, I'm so glad you like it--personally, it's my favorite. We ran out of strawberry croissants so..." Um yeah, thanks for letting me know earlier. And I'm glad you made sure I would be ok with the substitution before you did it....Oh wait, no, you didn't....And oh, thank you for finally bringing my coffee....Oh, wait, you didn't do that either, did you, because you didn't even realize it until I brought it up....And what was that? Did you say you were sorry? No, no, you just laughed it off. 3) When do I finally get my coffee? When I'm almost half-way done with my breakfast. And it's brought by a different server. Is my original server avoiding me? I don't know. In any case: Booooooo!!!! 4) Despite keeping an eye out for my waiter towards the end of the meal, he has completely dissapeared. Even through another half hour of chatting, I don't see a peep of him. I finally flag down a different waiter to ask for the bill. It's not so much about the waiting, as where the hell has he been for the last 45 minutes? I only got my first refill on coffee after he brought the bill. After the cup has been sitting empty for well over 20 minutes. WTF? I usually don't bitch about service, but wow, it was so bad it actually affected my dining experience. I'm sad. I was so looking forward to this restaurant. And the food really was good. Will I ever go back? Maybe. I'd like to try dinner here sometime. On a sidenote, all of the other guys who serviced the table were professional and lovely. It was just our main waiter that sucked.
5	This is the best place to have breakfast on the Strip, bar none.  We ate here three out of four days during our last trip there, and we only regret that we didn't eat there on the other day.  I had the signature french toast dish, the waffles with strawberries, and the croque madame.  It doesn't get any better.  And the cool thing is that it is a great value, especially when one compares it to an overpriced crappy casino coffee shop or any overcrowded buffet on the Strip.  Don't miss a trip to the bakery downstairs to get something for later.
3	Ate here once for dinner and once for Sunday brunch.  The dinner was better than the brunch and the food overall was average, but both times service was excellent.  I'll probably come again since I usually stay in the Venezia Tower at the Venetian when I'm in Vegas and it's the closest restaurant.
4	A great meal after a great weekend playing craps! Service was impeccable, although the wine list was a wee bit small for such an impressive restaurant.I had the crispy pork belly as an appetizer, which really deserves its place as a signature dish. Then, onto the Steak Frites. The steak was perfectly cooked, although the french fries did arrive on the cool side. When I mentioned it, they brought some right from the fryer--crispy, browned and terrificly crunchy.Dessert was off the charts, although I admit I am a lemon tart fan to begin with. But Bouchon's lemon tart was AWESOME!
4	Since we were not able to eat at the French Laundry when we were there for this place when we were in Vegas this week-end (owned by Keller who also owned FL in the Napa Valley). My friends and I had a late dinner here last Saturday. It was 9pm and the place was packed. My friend had the scallops which were exquisitely cooked to perfection. They were large-sized Maine scallops and literally tasted like butter! My other friend had the leg of lamb medallions that also were perfectly cooked - melt in your mouth tenderness! I had the braised pork shoulder that was a little on the salty side. We were impressed with the food quality. The wine selection was also good but more on the pricey side. We also ordered their dessert special so share and was surprised to receive this miniscule pastry dish with a little scoop of home made vanilla ice cream (good thing my friends are not into dessert that much so more for me (-:We paid about $90 each for the meal, including tip. I did not like the noise level though. It was on the noisy side. But the service was topnotch excellent. Will I go back? Perhaps, but I would probably go to the other fine dining restaurants in the area like Guy Savoy, Robuchon, etc. first.
5	Bouchon isnt really fine dining but that's not to say it's not freakin' great.  For a real upscale French Bistro, Bouchon really delivers -  great service, great food, nice ambiance, but weird music playing the background however.  With a friend, we ordered the Cod Beignets to start.  The beignets tasted decent and it reminded me of the fried taro dim sum dish.  For entrees, we ordered the Steak Frites and the seared Trout.  The Steak was topped with grilled onions - the exact same type/taste you will find on Animal Style Fries at In-N-Out.  The steak quality itself was decent for being advertised as "Flat-Iron."  I didn't find any problems with it honestly.  The fries served along side are probably the best fries I have had.  Every French fry was seasoned perfectly with salt so that was nice.  i don't know if I would order the steak again but it was pretty good to say the least.  The trout /w potato confit and califlower topped with butter lemon sauce was really fantastic.  This dish I would definitely order again.  We had to order a side of Mac and Cheese and that was really good too.  The bill was only $100 for 2 which makes it a very good upscale deal for Las Vegas.
4	Can't go wrong with brunch when they serve fried chicken and bacon waffles.  Yes... waffles that have bacon in it!
5	Bouchon was great!  Who doesn't love french cafe food?  YUM.  For appetizers we ordered the oysters.  They brought to us 3 different types of oysters for our tasting pleasure.  They were much better than the oysters I had in Aquaknox, another restaurant in the Venetian known for their oysters.  For our entrees we ordered the steak frites and gnocchis.  The steak was tender and served with a great onion sauce that surprisingly complimented the steak very well.  I think the gnocchi was one of the best gnocchi i've ever had.  It wasn't too light and it wasn't too heavy.  The gnocchi was cooked perfectly.  I was very pleased with our meal.  And who can complain with the great prices!
4	I was hungover and starving. Went there with 4 other friends for brunch. The food was spectacular. I got steak and eggs with potatoes. I must say the potatoes were very Very VERY buttery, but was extremely good for the first two bites. My steak was perfect. The french toast, scallop dish, even oatmeal, for cryin' out loud, was delicious!!! 4 stars, because I expected better service. The service was very slow and unresponsive and the food came out really, really slow as well.  35 minutes?!?!? Is that normal to wait for breakfast and I'm just being impatient?
4	Went there for a brisky post party brunch with my girls.  The brunch plates came in very generous portion, I would recommend ordering 2 brunches to share with 3 people.  I ordered the American Brunch (first on the menu) and cost $25.  The brunch comes with a fresh orange juice, a coffee, choice of pastry, 2 eggs and sausages with toasts.  I picked their specialty butter croissant and they were the best ones I had.  We didn't finish everything and had to pack to go.  I think my money is well spent at Bouchon and would love to come back again!
5	I came here for breakfast and had the sourdough waffle. The waffle came with vanilla bean butter (yum), walnuts, and freshly cut bananas. I was all over the vanilla bean butter. This dish is highly recommended. The waiter told us the specials and instead of just eating breakfast, we made it brunch by having the kobe beef burger as well. I have to say, I've never had kobe beef but the burger was really good...the best burger I've ever had! I have to admit that I am usually not a big fan of burgers because it always makes me feel really heavy after. I try to eat healthy and for me, burgers aren't always healthy.  I probably eat burgers once every two-three months. But I would definitely eat this kobe burger again. Just in case you were wondering, it was $25.In case you were looking for Bouchon Bistro, it is on the 10th floor whereas the Bakery is on the 1st floor. Just to note, there is a slight price difference for the pastry if you get it at the Bakery vs. the Bistro. It is a little cheaper.Our brunch ended up being about $50, but so worth it! I'm very particular with my cappuccino. I asked the waiter if it was good here and he said if you don't like it, we'll take it back and make you another one. I tried it, but it just wasn't strong enough for me. The waiter made me another one with 3 Espresso Shots. It was just perfect. The service was fantastic!And if it's a nice day out, I recommend sitting outside in the patio.
5	I've delayed writing this review for so long because I haven't been able to find the right words to describe this restaurant.  What can I say that hasn't been said already?  This place is amazing.  Thomas Keller is a culinary genius and his restaurants and their menus continue to reflect that.  The thing I like best about Bouchon in comparison to other fine restaurants is that it's totally NOT pretentious!  It's genuine and it keeps it real - you get what you pay for.  You're not only going to get some of the best seafood and french cuisine you've ever eaten, but you're also going to get plenty of it!We started with the Grand Plateau ($110), a giant tower of iced seafood.  Believe me when I say this is the greatest combination of fresh shellfish you will ever consume.  It has one whole lobster, 16 raw oysters, 8 raw clams, 9 raw mussels, and some stone crab legs.  Absolutely DELICIOUS and a great starter.  After you finish your seafood, you're gonna wonder how anything is going to be able to top that.  Well, don't you worry about that.  I ordered the Steak Frites ($36.50), a prime flatiron steak and french fries that Anthony Bourdain said were the best fries ever.  The steak was unlike anything I had ever tasted when it came to beef.  Really unique flavor.  The fries were tasty - not sure if they are the "best" I've ever had, but they had to be top 3.  I also tried one of their specials that night - a roasted pork belly with the creamiest mashed potatoes.  That.. was equally amazing.  With each bite, you get a bit of the cripsy outer crust and that succulent, juicy, tender middle.  Oh man, I'm salivating all over my keyboard right now.   To end the night, we ordered the Pot de Creme ($9) - their daily infused custard.  That night the flavor was coffee.  It was very delicious and not at all filling, which was great after a huge meal like that.  Service was on par for a restaurant of this caliber and although it may sound pricey, you definitely get what you pay for.  Hurray for great food and big portions!  I can't wait to return to Bouchon again!
1	Can I give this place negative numbers?I'm confused..I don't know what happened but this takes the cake for the WORST place I've ever been. And I'm fairly easygoing when it comes to food..unless there is none. And I was with five other people who agreed. And I think they coat their hands with butter every morning when they come into work because everyone kept dropping things (apparently..see below).Let's see. We were hungover and just wanted a good brunch. They kept us waiting for over 45 minutes for a table even though there was no wait. The waiter kept apologizing and even came to tell us that they had spilled water on our table and were clearing it up.We sat down..just happy to have food. Waited another 15 minutes for the waiter. Ordered. Waited another 30 minutes for food. 10 minutes later when we asked where our coffee was you know what the waitress told us? "Oh so I was bringing the coffee when I spilled it but I'm going to get another one right now".  Er, okay? Either that's their rule for whenever they're lagging or she really did coat her hands with butter. Several people ordered the French toast which tasted like we were eating pure sugar. No joke. Like sugar out of the sugar jar. Maybe mixed with a little bit of honey and with sugar and honey in the shape of pears on top. Plus, they brought us hot coffee with straws in it..who dOES that?? Not straws to mix..7/11 huge straws where you drink slushies out of them. After a 3 hour ordeal of what was supposed to be a quick brunch we were still starving, annoyed, and poorer. Youve shamed French food forever. Boo to you Bouchon. Boo to you!
2	the oysters were very good and fresh.. but nothing to rave over.. the fries, while had an interesting presentation in a crepe holder were average at best.. i was still hungry went i left.......but not for more bouchon .. overrated....yes it was lovely with high ceilings and a pretty view of the pool but this is Vegas.. u need something more to impress than here...
5	Went here New Years Day and had a great time.  We had reservations for around 8 or 9 I think so there weren't many people there.  Our waitress was attentive, knew the menu extremely well, and was also very pretty.  Some of the best dijon mustard ever and an all around great meal.  If I can afford it next time, I will be back.
4	Took us a minute to find it, but after some searching, we found it (located on the 10th floor of Venetian). Mrs. Ninja's favorite meal is breakfast so we had to try Bouchon. First, they served bread with butter and jam. Something about the butter was so good, like they were slaving away in the kitchen,churning butter. For our meal, she ordered the chicken and waffles, not as good as Roscoes, but still got the yes nod from her. I ordered the mussel in wine sauce w/ pomme frites (fries) and it was also very good. Mamosa (champagne w/ OJ) was good but I finished it in two large sips. Definitely worth checking out if you dont want to stuff yourself with the buffet or if you need something to deaden a small vegas hangover. 4 Hip to the Hops!
5	Elevated french toast and ethereal white truffle-potato soup! I miss this place.
5	This is a breakfast review, so be prepared for baguettes...There's no better way to start a relaxing day in Las Vegas than with a magnificent breakfast at Bouchon.  The space itself is vast, yet warm.  Huge vaulted ceilings were eye-catching and beautiful in the natural sunlight that poured through the windows.  The service was excellent, with a pair of friendly hosts greeting us and an excellent waiter taking care of us.  Her recommendations were delivered painstakingly and with pride.I started with a cheese danish that ranks as one of the finest I've ever eaten.  I then moved on to a nicely presented smoked salmon and baguette platter.  The portion was generous and of high quality.  I washed it down with tea from their vast selection, and walked out refreshed and ready for a day of burning through my savings.Bravo to Bouchon.  You're exactly what you should be.
4	I would give this restaurant a 3.5 but i'll round up.   I ordered the onion soup, poulet roti (chicken) and then we had this chocolate/ice cream dessert.   The friends I went with ordered a range of other entrees which I sampled so here's my eval:onion soup:   very fresh/hot and a nice presentation however I usually like my onion soup broth a bit saltier.. this one came out kind of blandpoulet roti:   the cabbage and mushrooms that came with the chicken were excellent.  I love mushrooms and these ones were super flavorful and it was a nice balance with the cabbage.  Chicken was okay.. not the best chicken i've had but it was tender and cooked well.   I personally think the chicken at costco is good so maybe I wouldn't be the best critic of chicken entrees ;)homemade ice cream atop brownies:  mmm mmm good.   Although the brownies tasted like the packaged brownies that I can make at home.  The ice cream was very rich and delicious.  nice presentation.foie gras:  i didn't order this but friends did and they seemed to enjoy it.  be forewarned though that it is a huge portion - 5 oz!  the salmon appetizer is similar.   Both tasted pretty good and came with toasted bread that was fresh.There were a few special entrees.. one was steak and it was very tender and tasty.   there was another one that was veal cheeks - yes that is right veal cheeks - apparently that one was also delicious according to my friend.Our waiter was very attentive and the service was good.   I think overall it was a strong meal, I just wasn't wowed with my chicken or onion soup.
5	it didn't take me long to come back to bouchon for another taste test. mmmmm......this time, the service was speedier because there were only two in the party as oppose to seven. it took about two hours instead of the whiny three that i had previously reviewed. since i knew what i was in for, the wait was made pleasant by a nice glass of chardonney.we ordered the steak and the roasted chicken entrees which OMFG tasted so juicy and explosive in my mouth that i had to wonder how i managed to restrain myself from sticking my finger down my throat during the meal just so i could barf it all up to make more room in my belly TO EAT MORE. yes, i am sick. the meal was THAT fabulous. topped off with their well executed creme brulee at the end of the meal and i was on a gustatory cloud nine. the ambience was great and the night was truly memorable. trust me. trust bouchon. trust the roasted chicken. damn good meal.
5	If there is any place in Vegas that we wear out it's Bouchon. The breakfast experience here is the best (as long as there isn't a wait). A French brasserie, Bouchon is an ornate high-ceiling restaurant that brings the feeling of an old cafe in Paris to the strip.The breakfast menu is simple, but good. Probably the best oatmeal I've ever had. Like other reviews, it's just a good place to start off the day; especially if it's nice enough to sit outside in the courtyard. The pommes frites are a must. Fancy name, but really good fries. And yes...the fries work in the morning fare.Warning to vegetarians. While I've never had a problem with finding things I like to eat here, they do like to include bacon with and in lots of dishes so watch out. The potato croquettes have bacon in them. Sorry piggies...I didn't know until I swallowed a bite.
5	Perfectly prepared French bistro fare in a charming, classic brasserie-style restaurant. The poulet roti is delicious, as is the steak frite and the trout almondine. All of the food is amazing, from the pistachios on the table to the desserts. Of course, this is what you would expect from Thomas Keller, but, unlike many of his other establishments, this one is affordable and accessible.Love this place so much I had my wedding reception here. Service was excellent and the food was still great, even though prepared on a large scale. Def. check this place out if in Vegas.
5	Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous location inside The Venetian. The whole place is huge but very clean and spacious. High ceilings, bright windows, and very nice table settings. All of the staff was unbelievably nice - our waitress was very attentive and so nice, it felt like I had known her for years. To start, the cheese danish was buttery and flaky with a very rich cream cheese frosting on top. My cinnamon oatmeal was hearty and delicious. It came with candied orange peel (my favorite thing on earth) and a separate serving of brown sugar. Definitely pricey but the quality, attention, and surroundings are totally worth it.
4	Ever since I read about Thomas Keller in Anthony Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential, I've wanted to try his food.  Bouchon provided an accessible way to do so.  My husband and I had dinner here two nights ago for our anniversary.The space is large but warm and beautiful.  I think the tiled floor is gorgeous.  The restaurant is on the tenth floor of one of the Venetian's towers, removed from the casino, so dining here is not noisy or crazy hectic.Service was fine; we had a 9:30 reservation and were seated promptly by a serious-faced but efficient hostess.  Our waiter was cut from the same cloth.  He recited the specials carefully but without a smile, which detracted somewhat from our sense of festivity.  Anyhow, whatever, on to the food.We had the beet salad with apple and horseradish cream, gnocchi a la parisienne (capsules of buttery potatoes and a few vegetables), the spareribs special served with some delicious greens and a cranberry pain perdu (a bit odd) with cipollini onions, and the chocolate bouchon dessert with three ice creams: mint chocolate, vanilla, and hazelnut.  The couple at the table next to ours had the scallop bouillabaisse special and the poulet roti (which the woman raved about).  Other tables ordered huge icy towers of fresh seafood.  The food was beautiful and delicious.  Not transcendent.  Just delicious.N.B. Be careful ordering the specials.  They sound good but the prices are not listed in the menu or on the boards.  My husband's dish was 25 dollars.  My special was 44.  Holy merde!
5	What a great ambience to go eat Brunch in. Our wait without reservations was abot 10 minutes, and it was all so very worth it. I got the madame croque and my bf had scrambled egss with white sausage and we shared the french toast which was very similar to a bread pudding. The portion sizes were more then plentiful, I could barely finish my frites even with the help of my heavy eating bf! The frites surely rivals Mc'Donalds anyday! I loved this place, it was so bright and airy, that I cant wait to make reservations and try thier dinner menu one day, hopefully soon! =)
3	Expensive...just OK food, nothing special that makes it stand out from the crowd.  Decor was nice though, which is what I did expect from a 5 star hotel.
4	I have to admit that I checked out this place because of Anthony Bourdain, but it was totally worth the money.  I had the mussels which came in a pot which was separated into two parts, one with mussels and a small one without so that you could dip into the amazing white wine sauce without sifting through shells.  The mussels also came with the fries which Anthony Bourdain mentioned which are definitely amazing.  I'm not sure if I'd go with best ever, but they were definitely hot, crispy and delicious.  My mom had the trout, which came as a whole fish split in half and covered with veggies which were cooked perfectly, soft but not mushy.  There was some sauce over it and the combination of all of it was magically delicious.My dad had the special of the night, scallops.  The portion was a little bit small, but the quality was fantastic.  The scallops were cooked absolutely perfectly, seared on one side but not rubbery at all.  The best part of the meal was the appetizer special, some kind of puff pastry with veal something or other on top with foie gras sauce.  This was the best few bites of food I've ever had in Vegas.  Period.  The appetizer alone would have been enough to give Bouchon 5 stars, but unfortunately, I can't give all 5 because the waiter wasn't that friendly or helpful and they screwed up my reservation and made it an hour earlier even though I had received a confirmation from Opentable for the correct time.  They still seated us right away because it wasn't busy, but I shudder to think of the wait if we had walked in 30 minutes later because the restaurant was packed.I will be coming back the next time I go to Vegas and hopefully I can give 5 stars, assuming that my reservation goes through and the waiter is a bit friendlier.
5	We went for the first time to Bouchon was last year for dinner.. Amazing! This time around it was for breakfast. AND let me tell you it did not disappoint.  I never even feel like I am in Vegas. Get the corn beef and hash and get the french toast. To DIE for! I heart the Venetian even more cause of Bouchon!
3	I feel like this is a place that probably takes a glazed donut from a local bakery, sprinkles some confectioner's sugar on it, garnishes it with a mint leaf and some caramel sauce, and serves it for like 30 bucks. So i went here on an awkward double date for dinner. I really didn't know where we were going or what to expect, which made for a great story by the end of the night. We walked in, and I was immediately thrown off by how uppity the place is, but I thought--Hey let's give it a shot.  We started off with fresh bread that was thrown on the table. Kinda artsy, which I was definitely a fan of, and almost ironic because it seemed like crumbs would be unheard of. We had butternut squash soup which had the same basic taste as Trader Joe's only A LOT creamier. Next, I had their french fries and mac and cheese, which were surprisingly the best part of the meal! I think after that point, my meal went downhill. It could have been because I was already ridiculously stuffed or just the fact that they had no vegetarian options for me except for one dish, a twist on traditional gnocchi. In their defense, the waiter did offer to make a "plate of vegetables" for me as if a mesh of greens is all that I could eat. I guess I should have expected it at a French restaurant, but I felt shafted.  The dish was pretty good but nothing to get excited about. I couldn't have dessert only because I felt like if I had another bite of food I would have been in severe pain. I probably wouldn't go back just because there are so many other options to try in the same price range!
4	The place is packed, so prepare to wait in line on weekends!Ate here for lunch, my group of friends ordered a variety of dishes, although we failed to try the pastries which looked good!  The waffles with banana were great, it was light and satisfying.  The corned beef hash was kind of dissapointing, it didnt have enough flavor.  The grilled ham was okay, nothing to die for, just ham to me, probably just as good as Honeybake.   The bacon was overcooked and almost burnt to crisp, which I liked..but some people like their bacon soft.  Cant really complain about any of the entrees, it wasnt spectacular and wasnt bad...I dont think its anything to die for.  The prices are pretty cheap (~20 per person), so the food to money value is great.   I had higher expectations for a french restaurant, so I wasnt completely thrilled about the food,  but it was a classic brunch for a good value.
4	I was told to come here for breakfast and I'm not a big breakfast person but I do love a good meal.  Everything was very flavorful and basically made my tummy happy!
4	Bouchon: Poor Man's French Laundry. I dined here in hopes of tasting Chef Thomas Keller's creativity. But unfortunately, this is a French Bistro, nothing really gets to wild here. My motto for this place is "Simple Food, Cooked To Perfection". The food is overpriced, but in Vegas, all food is overpriced. The dishes were absolutely Delicious and seasoned to perfection. They were hardy cafe fare that would be seen in Paris. It's classy place with a Raw bar, where 19 year old culinary students shuck oysters all day. Recommended to all who have money to throw around on a good dining experience.
5	After meeting Chef Keller at a book signing and reading all the cookbooks, I was super excited to have made reservations to dine at Bouchon. and the experience will go down as one of my best meals of the year. the service was on point and the food was just yummy galore. started with escargot and was happy to see little puff pastries on them. I had a slow smoked brisket and my best friend and the short ribs and we both were so pleased with the tenderness of the meat and flavors we did not speak for a while as we both were eating. ordered up some different sides, pomme frites were pretty good as expected as well as the glazed carrots were standard and tried the hen of the woods which we both liked. of course you must have dessert at Bouchon and so we went with the profiteroles and we were so happy we barely made it out of our chairs when we were done. very very good experience for any foodie to make if you cannot make it to the french laundry. good starting point for a nice preparation for the pilgrimage to french laundry.
3	Second time here wasn't as good as the first.  I was hoping to see Chef Keller's legendary awesomeness at breakfast, but surprisingly came away disappointed.  It was pretty spankin early for vegas standards, so my friend and I came here for breakfast.  It's set away from the casino, which makes it's a nice, relatively quiet place.  The sausages were great, but the crossiant was really greasy.  I mean it made my lips extra-shiny-greasy.  And the potato was very salty.  But the sausages were just that good that i overlooked most of the imperfections.  It's a nice dining experience here and in the summer you can eat on the patio that overlooks one of the smaller, more private pools at the venetian (which i did last year).  One thing of note is that my friend felt uncomfortable with all the old men leering at her throughout our meal.  I think they thought i was taking my hooker to breakfast, but um, no that's not it.  Bouchon can't control that, but it did make her uncomfortable.
4	I ate here three times recently on a business trip.  They have Chateau Montelena by the glass.  I ate a yogurt parfait there one morning, and it was the best I've ever had.  Had no idea that yogurt parfait could be that good.  Service could be better.
4	During my four day stay in Vegas, I had my first weekend brunch at Bouchon. Loved it so much, I came back again on my last day before jumping back on the plane. We arrived at 11am on a saturday and were seated shortly after 5 minutes (post NY's when the crowds thinned out). During weekend brunches, it's first come, first served. *Croque Madame - Ham and cheese on toasted brioche. Amazing with the fried egg on top, egg yolk just perfect as it drizzles into the brioche.*Bouchon French Toast- creatively pieced together with layers of bread pudding rather than regular toast. Topped with thinly sliced apples and just the right touch of maple syrup.Paired with a cup of good coffee that's constantly refilled as we enjoy the view out the windows towards the pool garden of the Venetian...it's breakfast bliss.
3	This place is a good place for breakfast - for the sweet stuff.The pastries are divine (had a scone with lemon curd... genius) with the croissant being appropriately flaky and not too greasy. The French toast was of a more bread pudding of sorts, made with brioche decorated with cinnamon and apples. Overall a better experience than Payard's with a more reasonable price tag.The duck confit crepe however was underwhelming however.I have not experienced this place for dinner so I cannot comment.So overall, I would go back to this place for breakfast - more for the pasteries. You can forgo this restaurant though and order through the bakery.
5	Our experience dining at Bouchon was flawless, start to finish.  We came for dinner and enjoyed the ambiance, service, and food immensely while we were there.  We were welcomed with delicious breads and soft butter, and a server who was very smart, very detail-oriented, and also had a great sense of humor, which suited our group of 4 perfectly.  I was almost "steak-ed" out since coming to Vegas for a birthday weekend, so I ordered the chicken.  I was NOT disappointed.  The skin was crackling crisp and deliciously seasoned. The chicken meat was amazingly tender and juicy.  All of us, including a french woman were thoroughly impressed with our dishes.  Desserts were amazing, too.  I would recommend Bouchon to anyone looking for a 4-5 star meal at a very reasonable price in Vegas.  Great for special occasions in general...
4	A friend of mine is Vegas-bound this weekend, and when he mentioned the name "Bouchon" my tongue swelled and my mouth watered from memories of meals past.  The first time I went to Bouchon was for dinner with two of my best friends. While I can't remember exactly what we ordered for entrees, I do recall that we ordered the Foie Gras appetizers. It was soooooo good!  The second time I visited Bouchon was last summer for a girlfriend getaway, but this time for brunch.  Again, I can't remember the details of everyone's dish, but I do remember that we ordered the Beignets for all of us to sample and they were amazing.I'm not much of a Vegas girl, but I would go just to experience Bouchon once again. I'm hoping to cross French Laundry off my list sometime this year. Wish me luck!
4	Pros:- Warm pistachios when you sit down- Fresh french fries (yes, one of my 4 food groups)- Steak anything. We had the skirt steak and it was incredible. Our neighboring table was exclaiming about theirs.- Sexy cocktails - Fabulous ambiance Cons:- My trout had too much lemon and I was too drunk to have the presence of mind to send it back. Boo.The verdict:How do you say bon appetit in French? Oh.
5	This Bouchon is just like the Bouchon in Yountville, CA only a way bigger space and menu.
3	Came here for breakfast and ordered the Breakfast Americaine. The toast was very light and torched nicely. Sausage and bacon were great but the eggs over easy were cooked to perfection. Their strawberry croissant was my favorite part of the meal.... man..... it's super soft and melts in your mouth. The service was not that great. Our server had forgotten an item from my meal and my friend's meal. We ended up asking about the items near the end of the meal... by the time it came out, we were already full... AND THEY STILL CHARGED US FOR IT! There wasn't even an apology. That was quite disappointing.I probably won't be coming back to Bouchon Bistro but may visit Bouchon Bakery.
5	Unfortunately, I didn't truly eat here and let me tell you why.We got into Vegas this past Friday morning and I went straight to gambling and drinking, not the best idea when you haven't had anything to eat. After coming down $100 on blackjack, I went to the bar to get more drinks and forgot about what just happened, another not so good idea with an empty stomach.Finally, when we went to Bouchon to eat, I only remember a few things after leaving the restaurant to yak in the nearby restroom, then eventually just leaving the restaurant to go to the hotel room and sleep. (Stay at the Venetian, it's beautiful!)So from what I remember, the bread they give you is tasty and creatively presented along with butter.The service is top notch, very elegant. You should dress up and have proper eating etiquette. They will say something. I was putting my head on the table (you know why) and they didn't like this.I don't even remember what I got. I wanted to get the Steak Frites,which was probably going to be awesome, but I didn't get it. I choose something else that was cheaper because I sort of knew I was going to just leave the place and sleep.From what my friends say, the pork belly and veal were delicious.One thing I liked is that this place is sort of secluded on a random floor. You must take the elevator then go down its own corridor until you get to the spot with a great experience ahead of you.That's all I can really say.If anything, just don't come drunk to a top notch place like this so that you can really get a full experience.
2	I was excited when I found out we were going to Bouchon for dinner...especially since I had an amazing experience at French Laundry, which was also a Thomas Keller restaurant.  However, I was a bit disappointed.  When we first arrived, they told us that they only had a limited amount of specials left so only a few of us at the table got to order from the specials. I got the monk fish special...which was served on top of sauteed romaine lettuce with fried chickpeas. The presentation was nice but the fish was okay...it wasn't as flavorful as I expected it to be. The service was mediocre...we had to ask twice for our side order of pomme frites, which by the way, were quite delicious - nice, hot and lightly salted.  I probably wouldn't come back here again...however, I wonder if the one in Napa is any better???!!! hmmmmm....
4	Incredible...we ate there three times in a weekend.  Per the brunch, if you like Balthazar in NYC, you'll love Bouchon.  The Bread Pudding French Toast was wicked good, syrupy and sweet, but not obnoxious.  The pommes frites are so damn good, I justified ordering them for breakfast.Dinner: Expensive, but amazing. We did a late night dinner, so we practically had the run of the house. They made the second best Manhattan I've ever had.  The offerings are extensive and the staff was better than most.
3	Went here again and gave brunch a try. This place gives Thomas Keller a bad name. This Bouchon & the Bouchon in Yountville do not compare.Venetian, drop this place right now. It reminds me of Left Bank!!!!!
5	My husband & I love this place. We've had lunch in Yountville, which had the best salmon terrine we've ever tasted. In Vegas, we've been for dinner once (last year), breakfast twice (this visit), and will go again tomorrow before we head out. The french toast, a terrine of bread pudding and custard, is unique & fantastic. As are the sourdough waffles. The service is generally good -- our waitress yesterday was great & especially attentive; our waiter this morning was good. One odd little note: while the frites are pretty good, my husband read an article recently (1/09) that Keller buys frozen fries, that making so many of them uniformly would be nearly impossible. This surprised us. Food snobs, even snobbier than us (Anthony Bourdain, for example), revere Keller for his simple, fresh ingredients. We went to Zuni in San Francisco the day after eating at Bouchon in Yountville and thought their handmade shoestrings were 100 times better.But we think breakfast at Bouchon at the Venetian is one of the best on the strip. Highly recommended.
3	I ate here a couple of years ago, Pre-Yelp days, when I was just a young lad.  I remembered having a really, really good meal, too much wine, staggering back to Casino Royale....Not as impressed on this visit.  Maybe it was the booth tucked back by the kitchen doors, maybe not enough wine this time.The room has a really good vibe to it.  The service was good, but a little spotty at times. The food?  Well, if you like "frites," this is the place for you.  Moules Frites, Croque Madame with Frites, Trout with Frites, Frites with Frites.  I've never seen so many French fries on a single table!The mussels were good, nary a single one failed to open, but they didn't blow me away (see:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/plouf-san-francisco#hrid:8kKNPmop16G5ERUFG6kA-Q).  Two of our four ordered them.  Mussels everywhere.The wife's Croque Madame was very good, but then again, I like a Ham and Cheese Croissandwich from Burger King.The last of our party had trout, which was marginal according to the reports.A decent meal, for sure, but next time I am determined to find a dish served sans frites.
3	Perhaps we went on an off night.  What I remember were about 40 small, difficult to eat (unsatisfying) mussels and my dining partner having severe g.i. pain from the gnocchi that was smothered in butter.  Seriously blah.  Charming decor, though.
5	I ordered the spiced doughnuts, which they called the beignets (though I don't think they were a true beignet.) Didn't matter because they were SOOOOO good!! There were three total with little side tubs of what looked like nutella sauce and a berry jam. I was satisfied with just one doughnut - that's how good they were. My boyfriend got one of the specials, it was a crab gratin that came in a rather large creamy portion with toasted brioche on the side. YUMMY. The coffee was great, too. Loved everything about it.
5	My mom and I went there for a brunch.  It was a little difficult to find due to the complicated hotel structure.  We finally made it and sat down.I had the Quiche with spinach and it was a little too salty.  But their ice tea was very very good and went perfectly with salty dish.Mom had brochon French toast, a kind of bread pudding style toast with spinach as side.  The bread and jam were good and I bought a jar home The atmosphere was nice.  No reservation was needed so it was more accessible than the one in Napa
5	I went here with a rather large (12) group of friends. I live near Thomas Keller's other restaurant (French Laundry) and was curious to see how Bouchon in Las Vegas stacked up. First of all, the service overall was fantastic. Our waiter was very attentive and engaged with our party. We ordered drinks, which included an absinthe drip for 4. The absinthe drip was a huge hit, and it was easy to convince a few other friends to try a glass of the wonderful stuff. Definitely recommend! Now, the food. I opted for Cobia as the main course, which was one of the specials of the day. I am not sure if its a regular menu item or not, but I loved it. I have never had Cobia before, but I would certainly order it again. The best way for me to describe Cobia, is a more moist, fattier swordfish. For anyone planning to eat at Bouchon, I would highly recommend they try the Pork Shoulder was well. Lucky for me, my friend sitting to the right of me, order this. After a few bites of his meal, I nearly had food envy! Lastly, I finished with a sorbet mix, complete with warm waffle triangles. Alas, even though the cards never seemed to go my way this last trip to Las Vegas, at least my taste buds were able to come out ahead!
5	This is the first of 3 reviews I will hopefully post for Thomas Keller's Restaurants.  While probably the least popular of his culinary trifecta of Bouchon (vegas & yountville), French Laundry, and Per Se, starting off with this restaurant is nothing to be ashamed of.If you scroll down to Seth W.'s review, I was also in his party of 12 that drank the absinthe and easily had one of the best dining experiences of my life, with good food, good drink, and excellent company.  The first thing that showed me this is a quality restaurant was the excellent, attentive wait staff.  Starting off with a very knowledgeable waiter (who else can explain why castrated chicken is more tasty and juicy?), to a well-versed sommelier who taught us the history of absinthe, we were taken care of through the entirety of our meal.We started off with an amuse bouche of salmon spread with salmon cooked a few different ways (smoked, pureed, etc.).  Had I known about this, I probably wouldn't have ordered the salmon tartare appetizer, as this tasted a little bit better.  The consistency was such that you could take a butter knife and spread it across the biscuit.The salmon tartare starter had a similar taste, except it was surrounded by bits of hard boiled egg.  I can't say that it did or didn't complement the tartare well, but the amuse bouche was definitely better tasting without any extraneous tastes that the egg brought.Never fear though, as I'm confident that I got the best main course of the table.  The Epaule de Porc is a braised pork shoulder with glazed root vegetables, celeriac remoulade & pork jus (quoted from the menu).  In everyday speak, this is the most tender pork that exists.  Saying that it melts in your mouth is an understatement.  Think about a warm tasty porky marshmallow that gives you feelings of the first time you made love, but not as short lasting.  That's about as close as I can put into words to describe this amazing dish.Putting it in perspective, having this kind of amazing meal for under $100 in Vegas (not to mention in the Venetian) is quite a steal.
4	Walked to Bouchon from the TI over the pedestrian bridge through the casino, past the main lobby, down a long elegant hallway... arrived and was promptly seated. Party of four so we got a fair variety as we all ordered a different entree. The watercress and endive salad was very fresh and dressed well although Roquefort cheese was almost non existent. French onion soup was excellent, as was the freshly baked bread. Entrees: Steak frites pan seared perfectly and ubiquitous french fries were good but nothing special. Mussels were plentiful and accompanied by FF...the mussels were tasty but small. Braised pork shoulder was excellent and clearly the star in our opinion. Pan seared trout was also quite good. Dessert: carmel custard and creme brulet were excellent. Service was friendly and efficient Price- $248 w/o Tip Overall a pleasant experience and we will go back.
4	I am Thomas Keller's bitch. We staggered into Bouchon for brunch on Sunday afternoon, after a long, long, long, night of boozing, partying, and gambling. My eyes, surrounded by dark purplish circles, could barely focus on the menu. I needed caffeine.Dear sweet Jesus. They had Diet Coke. In. A. Bottle. $4 a pop? Was it worth it? Hell yes. I ordered 2 of them. Anyway, my friends ordered the bread pudding french toast, banana waffles, quiche du jour (florentine), and I ordered the omelette (ham and spinach) of the day. My dish came with a heaping portion of thick, crispy BACON! Super stuff. I ordered a side of pommes frites as well.Ok, let me just state: the fries were damn good. Like, REALLY good. Maybe some of the best fries I've  had in a long time.Kudos, Bouchon. I am chef Keller's bitch for life.Until next time, Napa Valley, here I come!
3	i was really disappointed with my bouchon experience. i came in with high hopes for the food, but was not impressed.i ordered the french onion soup, and it was below average. like a 2 on a scale of 10. the cheese was tasteless and too hard. perfect french onion soup has cheese that is melting into the bread and into the soup, but this cheese looked like a slice of kraft processed cheese floating on the soup. because the cheese was so hard and unmelted, it was difficult to scoop it with the bread, onions and broth. sad because the waiter had recommended this.another dish that has gotten a lot of buzz and that the waiter recommended was the pork shoulder, so 6 out of 8 in our party got that dish. but the pork shoulder was too braised. it was not juicy enough, even when doused in gravy. the root vegetables that came with the pork tasted better than the pork. overall disappointment all around. service was spot on, but when i'm paying $35 for an entree i expect it to taste that good. maybe it was an off night but 2 misses means i wouldn't go back.
5	My fiance and I are in love with dining at Bouchon. In the past year and a half, we've dined here twice for dinner, and THREE times for breakfast...at least once on each of the Vegas trips that we've been too lately.  And that's a lot considering we like to try different restaurants that the Strip has to offer. This review will be about our breakfast/brunch experiences only.First off, their pastry items are to die for. Their croissants are flaky on the outside, yet so moist on the inside. The Pecan Sticky Bun is delicious. And then there's the out of this world Strawberry Croissant, which if you're lucky, is on the menu when you go dine...my fiance greedily ate it all when I wasn't looking, and he DOESN'T like pastries. Honestly, you really can't go wrong with any of their pastry items.For their breakfast items, I have two words for you: Salmon Baguette. The smoked salmon is unbelievably flavorful, and the bread, chive cream cheese, and capers are all perfect complements to the smoked salmon. I am utterly in love with this dish as a breakfast item, and have ordered it...EVERY...SINGLE...TIME we've been to Bouchon for breakfast. My fiance normally gets the Breakfast Americane, and he loves their scrambled eggs so much that he plans on asking them next time if he can just order a big plate of scrambled eggs. He would also recommend the Omelette with chicken if it's on the menu...it was on the menu as a "Special" when we went. It's a light, fluffy omelette stuffed with tender pieces of chicken, red and green peppers, and cheese. So simple, yet so delicious. That's probably the best way to describe breakfast at Bouchon...they take the SIMPLEST breakfast items that you can order from anywhere else(example: Dennys), yet they make it memorable.I would also recommend the Bouchon coffee as well...it's so good that I'm tempted to go get an empty Venti cup at Starbucks and having Bouchon fill it with their coffee for me. Just kidding...sorta ;)Service can be a bit spotty for breakfast/brunch, as sometimes it doesn't seem like they are adequately staffed for the morning. It's not horrible, it's still decent, but it seems like the service for dinner is a lot better...at least when we've gone.
5	Delicious breakfast! I had the apple brioche French Toast, but it was more like dessert for breakfast--but Vegas being Vegas, going a little overboard in the morning, it doesn't seem like you can argue over that. Service and atmosphere were nice, too--very attentive but not overly so and bright and airy inside. This place is hard to find, it's in the back of the Venetian, past the check-in desks, take an elevator, then down a long hallway. Seating is also first-come first-serve.
4	nuts...wrote a super long review...then deleted it cuz I'm an asshatanyways...it ruledhere's a short breakdown:duck: too salty, but really goodfrites: they were....fries...apparently my palate isn't refined enough to tell the difference...sorry Bourdainveal: pretty amazing...but not as good as the-pork: ridiculous....soooo good...I'd commit heinous crimes to eat that again....especially since i'm stuck in Long Beach which is Thomas Keller depriveddessert, the bouchon: i took a pic and sent it to my food snob friend to show off....he told me the plating was inexcusably sloppy....fine....but it was still really good...especially the mint and the vanilla...never tasted anything like it.....conclusion = mmmmi'd have eaten the scrapes off the richies next to us who left with their meal half finished but the service was spot on and they were gone before the opportunity presented itself....other than that....fantastic
4	Thomas Keller's inimitable relationship with his fish purveyors warranted at least one fish dish, so I went with the salmon rillettes, which had a consistency similar to a crab cake, bursting with both smoked and fresh fish pieces. The duck confit appetizer was served with brussels sprouts to lighten the dish. The last starter we ordered was the charcuterie - a generous offering - including meats cured in Yountville, as well as a few imported from Italy. For the mains, we went with the black pudding, lamb leg, and short rib. The succulent banger did not have an off-putting irony aftertaste one normally associates with black pudding. The lamb leg was cooked perfectly pink. The prodigious short rib, defined by its fork tenderness, sent us all into a blissful state; the polenta-cranberry cake, however, was unappetizing. For dessert, we split the meyer lemon tart and per our server's suggestion ordered the bouche de noel, an ornate Christmas special replete with gingerbread, meringue, peppermint, truffles, a glazed sugar cookie, smoked almonds, and a Valrhona torte. Meyer lemons have a distinctly robust acidity; with the dense pork's peppery finish still lingering on my palette, the tart was a judicious selection. As for the bouche de noel, it was huge, too big to conquer, but we enjoyed its playfulness.
5	WOW!  That's all I can say.  It doesn't matter when you go - brunch, lunch or dinner - the service is always amazing, the food is always incredible and the atmosphere is always delightful.
3	I was very excited that our last meal in vegas would be a French breakfast. I had really hoped for a delicious send off. But alas I was disappointed. I ordered spicy sausage, eggs and toast breakfast and the sausage was ok. The eggs eggs and the bread extremely buttery. It was really just average. Better than Denny's, not as good as that local breakfast joint we all know. The boyfriend had ham and cheese eggs with sauce on a piece of toast which I see a picture of here. We both agreed the sauce was a bit too much. Also fries. As if the butter cream sauce on eggs and buttered toast didn't make you feel like a large marge they give you fries. Which were good. Salty and thinly sliced and reminded me very much of McDonalds. Which you may not want when you're looking for a fine French meal. The tab was pretty high for this not so special meal.
4	Great service!  Our server brought us an appitizer on the house so it doesnt seem like we are waiting too long for our food.  I looooooove the steak and fries.  It's soooooooo good.  Yes..that is my boyfriend's plate.  I ordered the halibut off the special menu.  It was nothing special.  The fish and veggies did not have much flavor.  A few of us were craving creme brulee but unfortunately it was not listed on the menu.  After our dinner, our server told us that there were a few special desserts that night and creme brulee was one of them.  Lucky us!  I would go back just for the steak, fries, and creme brulee!
4	I knew that the atmosphere would be perfect -- this is Vegas, right? The meal was the thing, and it lived up to the hype. Our waiter was understanding about our dinner companion (who was 45 minutes late) and talked to us about food. When he learned about where I was from, he asked me the best places to eat. Kudos for hiring a foodie as a waitperson, but that's a no-brainer. I had the special appetizer -- slow roasted pork belly with pickled vegetables. It'd disgust a vegetarian -- a hunk of pork fat so creamy that it dissolves in your mouth. I also had the roasted short ribs. This dish was incredible until i got to the strange bed of mystery vegetable underneath it. We drank two bottles of wine, Beaujolais.Also: one of my dinner companions got the flatiron steak with fries. Yes, Tony Bourdain has a reason to get pissed off -- these fries are better than almost any i have ever tasted that were not fried in duck fat. I will be back, definitely.
4	This would be our second visit to Bouchon, our first being 3 years ago on our 1st wedding anniversary.  Boy, I sure forgot about the slow service.  To their credit, things went well for about an hour until we were ready for our entrees when we waited...and waited...and waited.  Our server walked back and forth, observing my impatient posture and look but never once came over to let us know "Oh hey, guys...your entrees will be right out!"  Okay...now that we have the gripe out of the way, let's get back to the business at hand:Food (in order of appearance)1/2 Dz Oysters + 1 Dz Mussels - I went with Miyagi oysters which were fresh and briny.  The mignonette was my fave condiment for the oysters while the yummy dijonnaise was best for the mussels.  The mussels were so good, we ordered another dozen!Cauliflower Soup - topped with fried capers; very rich and creamy and "cauliflowery".  The capers did much to provide an additional dimension to the otherwise 1D soup.Beet Salad - Red beets topped with some fruit, half crispy with small seeds (like a kiwi).  Refreshing!Duck Confit - Served atop halved roasted brussel sprouts.  The duck was pure and game-y, as duck confit should be as it's cooked in its own fat.  I encouraged my hubby to pick up the bone and gnaw off the crispy parts. Magnificent.Croque Monsieur - served with shoestring fries; appropriately rich with the sauce and sunnyside egg on top but not overly salty like other versions I've had.Gnocchi a la Parisienne - I decided on this dish thinking it would be lighter and make up for all the food we had beforehand.  Boy, was I wrong.  First off, these aren't potato dumplings.  They are pan-fried herbed flour dumplings sauteed with fennel, eggplant and other stuff.  I thought it was delicious but  the oil at the bottom of the dish indicated it wasn't the light fare I expected.  At this point, the 5-6hr drive to Vegas overtook us so we bypassed dessert and requested our check.  We realized maybe a long dinner wasn't ideal after we've been on the road for so long!  We rubbed our bellies as we headed back to our room for a nightcap and sweet sweet sleep!
4	My dad, brother and I ate  dinner here on our first night in Vegas.  Immediately, I liked the atmosphere of Bouchon, bustling and lively and pretty charming, the way it's sectioned up makes it a little more intimate than some places.  The appetizer bread was was very tasty, hot, and fresh! We got a a huge order of lobster, oyster, mussels, and clams, duck confit, fries, and lamb over white beans with some scrumptious sauce.  The oysters were some of the freshest i've ever tasted, so sweet and delcious! The duck confit was delicious as well. The fries were similar to mcdonalds for me, and a little salty, still pretty addicting.  The lamb was delectable!  We had some noob as a waiter, which definitely took away from the experience because he didn't give us any suggestions on stuff to order and he couldn't even tell us the specials without looking at his notes.Besides the waiter glitch, it was great. I would love to come back and try more.
3	Bouchon was my first breakfast in Vegas. I wish I could say that it lived up to all my expectations, as the first Thomas Keller restaurant I have visited, but unfortunately I was a bit under whelmed.  I arrived toward the end of the breakfast hours (because I got lost running around the Venetian for an hour) so the restaurant was fairly empty. The service was decent and the waiter was personable. It was the food I was slightly disappointed in. I ordered the Croque Madame and the person accompanying me had the sourdough waffles. Both items arrived at the table after about a 20 min wait luke warm. Then there was the quality of the food, which I would give a 6.5 out of 10. Hmm...perhaps it would have been better warmer... The pommes frites were decent though. For the price I do not feel this meal was worth the $60+ spent on it and it will not go down as one of my more memorable meals, which I was hoping it would be. Perhaps my expectations were too high. I may return again one day, after I have made the rounds of all the other restaurants Vegas has to offer.
4	This place is high on my list for two reasons: the service and the bloody marys!  They are both divine!Had brunch here on Sunday morning and had a great time!  I am suuuuch a bloody mary snob.  I like mine, fresh, spicy, and strong.  Bouchon offered just that.  Oh, and celery salt on the rim is a must!  Food was good.  Quice and greens were good, and the Croque Madame was their spin on Eggs Benedict.  We new it was a huge portion and split, it was perfs.Our server was so nice and she answered all our questions.  She took time to chat with us and didn't like drop our food off and run away.  I hate when they do that.I would recommend Bouchon brunch and can't wait to try Bouchon, Yountville.  Well, since I'm wishing, I can't wait to try French Laundry!  Loves TK !!!
5	I am kind of shocked that so many people on here reviewed this restaurant for its brunch and not its dinner service.  I have heard the brunch is good, but if I'm going to eat Thomas Keller's food I want it to be a dinner.  Everything here was exceptional, from the bar service (excellent wines/champagne by the glass; I got the Deutz) to the food, to the service.  Let me talk about the food now... I am, generally, the kind of person who rarely orders the fish dish on the menu.  I love fish and all seafood very much, but it is an easy thing to screw up, whereas a braised meat or something like that is easy given a little attention and love.  That being said, I ordered the salmon rilettes to start the meal and ordered the trout with confit potatoes and brown butter with a sauce grenobloise.  The salmon rilettes were delicious, with the buttery fresh salmon being so good that I could spread that on just about anything and be a very happy man! (salmon rilettes on eggs would be phenomenal... note to chef Keller!)  The trout was heaven on a plate.  Served head-on, the trout was rich without being too heavy, perfectly seasoned, with crispy confit potatoes and a delicious buttery-garlicky flavor.  A dish that looked so simple, but so delicious that I was just amazed.  Couple that food with a strong vodka cocktail at the bar while waiting for the table, a champagne with the rilettes, an absinthe in between the app. and entree, and a delicious white burgundy with the trout, and you've got yourself a memorable meal.  Oh, and did I mention that the pot de creme was also delicious?!  All of this, by the way, is helped by the fact that the place is lively and bustling, a lot like the brasserie type atmosphere that I imagine the place was intended to be.  If you're looking for fussy food, a stuffy atmosphere, and rude service, this place is the diametric opposite of that!  It's simple food made with perfect technique in a fun atmosphere with friendly and helpful service. Go!
3	The French bread to start was awesome. They drop a loaf of fresh, hot out of the oven french bread on your table, and this is a sign of good things. However, the food is extremely rich and does not go well after a big bellagio buffet, many booze, and many beers later. Prices are 30ish for entres, so about 60 a person with drink and appetizer. The decor is very much a french bistro and the waiters are entertaining. Come ready to eat.
5	My favorite place in Vegas.The restaurant is located on the 10th floor and is truly non smoking.  If you've been to other restaurants next to casinos, you know that 'non smoking' can be anything but.    Overall atmosphere overlooks a beautiful garden by the window.  It is a place where people come to enjoy themselves, not too stuffy.Food is stuff you've had before with terrific attention to detail.  Service is the same way.  We selected tap water from waiter #1 and water guy was over literally in 10 seconds.  It was like they had signals or something.  This staff is really really terrific at making things right for the guests when things out of their control go wrong.  Two examples:#1 A table next to me sent back their wine.  First a junior sommelier came to help them select a new wine and diagnose the old wine.  Then a senior sommelier (or manager) came to chat with them and really be sure everything was OK.#2  We got sat in a location where this guy could not keep his feet under the table and kept kicking me that was really making the experience suck.  My wife asked for a new table and we got it; the manager came over right away (without knowing if there was any problem) to be sure things were acceptable. 5 star for food, 5 star for service, and thank God an actual non smoking environment.   It is everything you expect - basic food with incredible attention to detail - both in the kitchen and on the service floor.
3	Breakfast...As you might know this is one of my favorite places to eat on the strip for dinner. So when one of my favorite girlfriends asked me to join her and her hubby for breakfast I was exited to finally get to try it.Let me start out with the food by saying that the pastries are great! Im not sure where they are making those (in Yountville and having them flown in?) but whatever they are doing its money! The strawberry croissant was so flaky and filled with slightly sweet strawberries, that I wanted to make sweet love to it! The sticky bun was delicious with its thick sticky caramel coating and toasted pecans, amazing!Breakfast entree, I ordered the Corned Beef Hash.. big mistake! My bad because both my friend and her hubbie warned me that they don't eat corned beef hash, I'm such a dickhead, I should have listened!! The meat tasted old and was chewy, yuck! I ate the eggs off, which btw were perfectly scrambled but the meat was so vile it was taken away without any offer for anything else. That brings up another matter.. the service here was really stand offish, like they could care less that we were there or not. The busboy was so much more helpful then our waiter who didn't even deliver food. Lazy ass! While the service and the corned beef hash sucked, the strawberry croissant is worth going back for again!
5	Holy Crap! This was great!! It took me going to Vegas to eat at a restaurant that's only 15 miles away from where I live but God I'm glad I went. The bread, the wine, unbelievable service for a "bistro", the food. . . A nod to the baker; I could have eaten an entire epi with the butter and been perfectly satisfied.  The bread was perfect.We started with a hearts of palm salad.  I remeber enjoying it but not much else.  After chatting with our waiter and telling him how much we liked our first course the kitchen sent out a taster of sweetbreads on gnocchi which was AMAZING!! I ordered mussels and my girlfriend ordered steak and frites. The mussels were perfect. I hate ordering mussels in a restaurant because they're usually old or overcooked or both. But, if any one do 'em right it's Keller. These mussels were really, really good. I almost lost track of myself and started drinking the broth. There were so many mussels that I stuffed myself. I haven't stuffed myself in a restaurant in years. My girlfriend's steak was cooked perfectly served with a nice compound butter on top nestled next to a mountain of fries. The table next to us ordered the exact same thing. One of the diners was really upset that he couldn't get any steak sauce with his steak. Then, he tried to order French's mustard. The waiter did a great job of handling that. It was somewhat slow and we were invited to take a tour of the kitchen.  The hot line was spotless.  I was shocked.  I've seen brand new kitchens that hadn't served food yet that weren't that clean.We were too full for dessert but grabbed a bag of caramel corn on the way out. As you can imagine this was pretty freeakin' good too. This was no French Laundry. The food was not ground breaking, mind searing creative endeavours of a distracted chef. It was just amazingly good French food. Eat here.
3	I spent my birthday here with a party of 8. After dinner we have mixed review about this place among friends, but this is my review so I will stick with my 3 stars while my friends are yelling at me right now to give it 4.After we were seated and placed our order, I must say the wait for the food was above 35 minutes, thank god for their freshly made delicious pistachios and bread. I really enjoyed their Foie Gras for appetizer. But the food was below expectation especially their sandwiches. There were an unusually large amount of fries with my food, most of it went to waste.Maybe the long wait for food after we ordered disappointed me, but I definitely had better quality food with the price we paid.
5	My boyfriend and I visited Bouchon for breakfast and it was absolutely amazing. One of the main reasons that I enjoyed it was because it was incredibly similar to what I've had in France. I've visited the Paris Hotel breakfast buffet in the past and it's like the disneyland version of "french food". This was just what I wanted, a nice place that's calm and simple. Nothing is too overpowering (like awful music) and the interior decor is lovely. The meal: The bread to start tasted exactly like that delicious bread only found in France, even down to the rich butter and marmalade that usually accompanies it. I had the full breakfast, the best bits being the juice, pain au chocolat, coffee & eggs. This is very simple and brought out in steps; the way it should be. Reading through the reviews I notice a mixture of complaints about wait time & richness of food. First off, if you're eating here after you've been wasted and filled to the brim with buffets this must seem like an unwelcome comedown. Clearly in America we're used to absurd dining experiences: massive portions, fast-eating and so on. All of it being amplified in Vegas; but it doesn't have to be. I imagine not everyone that visits Vegas wants to suffocate in gargantuan food, and can appreciate the luxury of a relaxed meal. In France a basic meal can on average last two hours, this is relatively faster than that ! In short: A nostalgic meal full of French favorites !
3	If I could give this a 3.5 stars - I would. I thought Bouchon was good. I went for a quick late breakfast - had Chef Keller's take on eggs bene. It was good and would glady eat it again. Eggs cooked to perfection. I am deducting points for the waitstaff. I felt they were sort of cold & rude. I find behavior like this in a hotel/restaurant such as the Venetian totally unacceptable.
5	I loved this place. I got much better than I expected considering how bad French food is in America. They exceeded all my expectations. We stated with the foie gras, something I hadn't had before so I wanted to try it. Delicious!!! I also wanted the pate'. Again delicious. Finally I had the duck and my friend had the lamb. Both were amazing. And the entire time the service was impeccable. I'll definitely go back.
5	Went back around Thanksgiving w/ a gf and I ordered some beef short rib special, I think it was?  The meat was so flavorful and juicy and it literally melted in my mouth.  It came on a bed of cubed, oven roasted root vegetables that were perfectly cooked and seasoned just right~~~  Seriously, I think my button flew off somewhere during the meal, but I could not stop eating the glorious goodness placed before me until it was gone.  I know, I'm such a pig!
5	Came here twice on my trip to Vegas. Both times were pretty good. Service was alright with such a busy crowd. Fresh raw seafood bar. The trout had my husband raving for days. Brother-in law loved the steak-frites and duck confit. The cauliflower bisque was light and flavorful. Fantastic view of the Venezia pool garden and Frech bistro style interior. Great place to have brunch!
5	Alright, there are very few places that would force me to get up at 6 am, wander out of the hotel I'm staying at, wander aimlessly in circles for half an hour in the Venetian to try to find it, and then have a fabulous meal. Bouchon is a FANTASTIC place for breakfast, so my early morning alarm, stumble out of the Wynn, and confused wandering was all worth it.First, this place is cozy. It's small, has lots of booths and tables, and overlooks a nice courtyard. Even better, upon walking in, you see giant baskets full of fluffy pastries and croissants. How tantalizing!Next, the staff was very friendly with me (maybe because I was eating by myself??), and the food came out quickly.Now, about the food. SO DELICIOUS. I ordered enough for three people. No kidding...Strawberry croissant - think of a croissant sliced in half with top removed, inside filled with slices of strawberry and cream, covered in crumble, then baked. And then, as they bring out the little containers of butter and marmalade, proceed to spread said pastry with those condiments. So gooey, warm, sweet, tantalizing!Chocolate Spiced Beignets - comes three a plate, covered in sugar, and served hot. Comes with nutella and homemade cherry jam to spread. So good. Makes a regular donut seem shameful.Croque Madame - brioche bread with ham, cheese, and a fried egg on top and mornay sauce. I requested mine to not have ham, since I'm not a fan of ham. Comes with a large side of thin frites. Oh  man. I downed this dish in minutes, it was so buttery and I loved the way the fried egg yolk spread over and into the brioche bread, which itself was drowning in cheese and butter. OMG.I wish I had as many stomachs as a cow, I definitely want to come back and try more things. More!!
3	The dinner here was okay! I thought it would be a lot better with all the hype and advertisment!Appetizer: Champagne pate with radish & pickles: The pate was a little too salty.Frisee salad with toasted egg & brioche: This was one of the best plates of the night -- the vinagrette dressing went very well with the frisee, bacon, and egg.  The brioche was light and good!Entrees:Sauteed salmon w/ artichokes, new potatoes, onions:  Decent sized salmon fillet.  It was good, but nothing spectacular.Duck: The duck itself was cooked medium rare, tender and yummy! However, the sauce that it came with wasn't all that great.  It could've been tastier and made the meat stand out more!Macaroni au gratin: Yummy! As expected!Desert: Orange creamsicle dome - Pretty interesting.  Little pastry like dome filled with cream and orange jelly.  Also served with orange meringue.  Atmosphere: On the louder side.  Upscale, classy feel and look.Service: GoodOverall, I probably wouldn't come back for dinner.  From other reviews, it sounds like the breakfast is awesome though, so I might be curious to try that.  The food was decent, but nothing stood out! Def more places to try out there before I consider coming back!
4	Bouchon never disappoints.   The croque madames were delicious as usual!   The side of bacon portion was generous and perfectly crispy.  I ended up trying their chicken and waffles.  The chicken was so tender and delicious.  :)   The waffle that came along with it was good, but not as great as their standalone sourdough breakfast waffle.  I would highly recommend coming here for brunch whenever you visit Vegas!
5	Quite simply, Bouchon is the best value in Vegas.  If you want to skip the rest of the review, just go to Bouchon and find out yourself.  The food ranges anywhere from very good to amazing and the prices are very reasonable.  My trips to Vegas would not be complete without a trip to Bouchon for at least brunch.  I highly recommend the chicken and waffles.  A Half-chicken served with three waffles, chasseur sauce, and syrup.  The waffles are quite good.  Cooked with bacon and chives, they are crispy on the outside and light on the inside.  As for the chicken, I don't know if you can roast chicken any better than that.  The skin was crisp and the meat was deliciously flavorful and juicy.  If that isn't enough, the savory chasseur sauce on the side combines with the chicken to produce nirvana-inducing results.  I cannot stress how good this chicken is.  As for the other things I have tried here:Mussels - Highly approved, very fresh.  Their selections of sauces to go with the mussels are also very good.Hamsteak - What was I thinking?  (I probably wasn't) The worst thing I've eaten here.  It was okay but too salty for me.A daily special salmon dish - The sauce was so good that I just wanted to lick the plate after the fish was gone.  Oh, if you happen to be a fan of pastry, you're in luck as well.  They have great pastries.  In particular, I'm a fan of the creme beignets.  I only had it once (it was offered as the daily special for the day) and these little pieces of fried dough filled with cream and covered in sugar should be illegal.  If that is a little too decadent/sweet/creamy for you, then the macaroons, crossaints, and tarts are all pretty good.  If you're wondering how I've managed to try all the pastries, they screwed up our order once, and to compensate, gave us enough pastries to fill ourselves for lunch AND dinner (never mind that I had ordered the Chicken and Waffles as well).  As for the service, it's pretty hit or miss.  I've had very good service at Bouchon, and there have been times where the waiter conveniently forgets about us for long periods of time and forgets to refill our waters despite walking by ten different times.  It's okay, the food will more than make up for it.
4	Bouchon for breakfast is simply the best!!! Bouchon french toast is basically a bread pudding but there is nothing basic about it. Delicious buttery brioche soaked in a cinnamon custard then stacked and layered with tart apples. Dessert for breakfast...who doesn't love that. Added a side of bacon that was thick, smoky and crisp. Corned beef hash has nice size dices of corned beef and potatoes along with peppers and onions. Nothing like you get in a diner. The eggs were perfectly poached and completed the yummy meat filled dish. But the biggest hit was the coffee. Rich, dark and full bodied but not bitter. Our cups were kept full by the very attentive staff, a very important part of any successful breakfast.Don't miss Bouchon for breakfast.
4	As of this writing, there are already 437 reviews averaging out to 4 stars. What I write here isn't gonna go far in changing anything, nor should it - so I'll keep it brief and to the point.We came here for breakfast around 10am. I didn't expect the place to be so crowded, but I guess it makes sense...it's literally down the hall for some hotel guests. The first thing I noticed was that everything had a very european attitude...including the service. It was a few minutes before anybody came by to get our drink order, nevermind food. Could've been a one-time thing though, who knows. The waiter brought us butter & jam despite the fact that we ordered no bread, or anything else appropriate for it. Staring at it & all the pastry passing by caused us to order a croissant for desert, so maybe that's how they get'cha?Food:Quiche of the day: Tomato confit & carmelized onions. My friend said it was probably the best quiche she's ever had. Came with salad on the side...very small portions of each, IMO.Croquette Madams - I had this, and it was definitely delicious. The entree it self was "european sized", but as you can see from pictures above, the side of fries is huge. Both were delicous. Espresso:I guess it's a weird thing to devote so many words to, but at least it's something that's not in the other 400 reviews..I ordered an espresso before the meal. It came, in the right cup, and was perfectly acceptable for a cup of Illy on the strip, even if it was light on the crema. I finished it quickly, and asked for another, this time a double. The food came before my next espresso, and when it arrived, it was in a cup more suitable for an americano. I know it happens sometimes when you want a double, no big deal, but the espresso wasn't right. It might have just been that it wasn't hot, but it was off enough that I sent it back and asked for another. I even offered to take a single if the barista wasn't confident in pulling a double. After a slightly shorter, but still long wait, my new cup arrived. Same size cup, this time holding what looks to be a single shot. The waiter explained that he made it himself, but he'd be happy to take it back again if it wasn't right. It did taste better than the prior one, and although it still wasn't very hot, I kept it. I don't have it in me to be that guy that sends back 2 espressos. The bill was about 50USD, and overall, we were happy with the meal. The food was delicious, and the service could've been better, but it wasn't that bad. Maybe we were easy to overlook it because we were in a good mood, or maybe we were critical because we had other things we wanted to do afterwards. But like I said, in the end, I am eager to go back and try some more stuff. And really, where else you gonna go in town for a really good breakfast?
4	Went for dinner, but sounds like breakfast is really a specialty (I'll save it for next time).Appetizers (9 out of 10) - had an endive salad with toasted walnuts and roquefort which was straight forward but well presented and very fresh.  The half dozen oysters were small, but very sweet.  The cocktail sauce and mignonette sauce were just OK.  The star of the appetizers was the marinated beet salad.  Yellow and red beets stacked with some mozarella cheese.  It was the special appetizer of the evening and it was awesome.Entrees (7 out of 10) - I had the leg of lamb and my friend had the duck breast.  The lamb was well cooked with a nice sauce on a bed of arugula.  Parts of the meat were a little tough.  The duck which I tried had a nice glaze and that layer of fat just under the skin that adds a ton of flavor.  I guess expectations were pretty high since it's Thomas Keller, so maybe the rating would be higher if I didn't know it was him.Desserts (10 out of 10) - Phenomenal dark chocolate mousse and they threw in a "chocolate dome" filled with hazelnut ice cream.  These were both insane.  The table next to us had fresh profiteroles with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce that looked great too.  There really were too many to choose from here.Overall I'd give it an 8 to 8.5Service was impeccable from our Dolph Lungren look-a-like waiter.  He was really good with that little metal thing that scrapes up the bread crumbs.
1	I was really excited to try this place, especially since I heard it was run by Thomas Keller.  I came here on Sunday for Brunch since I had heard that that was the meal to come for.  My friends and I were seated promptly at around 12:30.  Our waiter seemed inexperienced, awkward, and hasty throughout the meal.  My first complaint was that we didn't even get water or bread until practically 30 minutes into the meal because our waiter forgot we hadn't received it yet.  We received the spreads pretty quickly, but had no bread to eat it with.I was really excited to see that they had chicken and waffles on the menu.  My friends and I decided to all get the same thing except...they were out of chicken and waffles.  MAJOR disappointment.  First of all, how do you run out of chicken and waffles when it's not even that late into brunch? That wasn't even the biggest thing that made me frustrated.  After not knowing what to order, we just decide to ask for the special which was Chicken Rilletes.  The waiter proceeded to tell us that they were out of the special as well.  HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF CHICKEN AT A PLACE LIKE THIS?? and why would you keep it written all over every sign on your walls?? wouldn't it make sense just to erase it off the board if you're out?  I should have left by now, but I felt too bad to just leave the restaurant especially since we had already been sitting there for about 20 minutes and attempted to order food twice.  For our third time ordering, we just settled on steak frites, hamsteak, and the croque madame.  The steak frites was mediocre at best, with the fries being the dish's saving grace.  I had requested that the steak be medium rare and the steak came so rare that I could barely cut into it without the entire table rocking back and forth.  I asked them if they could reheat it a little more to a medium and the waiter hesitated to even fulfill my request.  I didn't understand why it would be difficult to do that, but in the end, he was able to do it.  Too bad it took so long that my friends had already finished their dishes before my steak even came back so I ended up having to pack it to go.  Sad to say, the bread and fries were probably the best part of the meal.  I expected better from a place with such high ratings and comments, but I guess it's possible I just came on a bad day.  For $45 dollars, this was definitely not worth it.
5	If there ever was such a place as breakfast paradise, it would be Bouchon. Even the foodie wanderlust would stop for awhile. The food is worthy of the most finicky epicures. In laymens terms: it is so f*ing good. I thinketh most Yelpers would agree with the pages upon pages of reviews for this place.It's a beautiful restaurant located inside the Venetian. The food here is lovely and well-presented. The flavor, texture, consistency of a Croque madame? Spot on. A "Ham and cheese sandwich" never tasted better. It just melts in your mouth... Don't forget to keep an eye on the daily specials. The lobster bisque is not usually on the menu, but the flavor is amazingly good. Great zing! I usually drink black coffee to be in touch with the flavor of the coffee bean. And I must say, the coffee served here is quite robust and delicious.This place is a definite Vegas-MUST. I try my best to stop by here each time I'm in town..
2	We went on a friday night not real busy alot of people in jeans and tee shirt. The waitress was moody and did not seem to be pleaseant all the time. She also was gone for a while when we were trying to get the check. THe food was ho hum. I was really disappointed i was expecting a great steak and my gf had the duck. The steak was eh, onions on top. The fries were good but not as good as bordain proclaimed. The duck had a bitter orange sauce with it. The drinks were much better than the food their unique cocktails made this review better. Oh well not all meals that were 160 bucks can be great. Right?
4	Highly recommend this place because I think it combines good food with reasonable prices for a high class restaurant.  I've had steaks, seafood, and many appetizers at this place and they are all pretty good.  Atmosphere is really nice, especially if you are out on the patio and the staff is very friendly.  Not gonna blow you away, but as I said its one of the most reasonably priced restaurants in Vegas at a high end hotel.
4	Breakfast here was awesome.  the con: we got there toward the end of the breakfast service and they were out of the french toast, and the venetian does not do a great job of marking the path to the restaurant. The Pros:  the waiter suggested substituting the waffles for the french toast which was awesome.The portion sizes were huge, I ordered the Breakfast, Jardine (sp?)  it was two eggs some potatoes the best creamed spinach I have ever had, brioche, and a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice, and a cup of their house roast coffeeour waiter was very good, and the room was so cool it reminded me of a train station lobbyI will go back and recommend the breakfast service to anyone
4	So I have two brunch places in Vegas: Canyon Ranch Cafe for when I want to be good, and Bouchon for when I want to be bad.  And nothing brings out my bad side like being in Sin City, surrounded by temptations...The most tempting of the them all:-  French Toast (a la bread pudding style with apple slices, brioche, custard and maple syrup) if I'm in the mood for something sweet.- Quiche (baked cheese in a tart-style crust...need I say more?)  This is for when I want something savory. There's nothing quite like indulging in the most decadent brunch foods Vegas has to offer outdoors, by the Italian-style fountains overlooking the pool.  And of course, the service here is impeccable.  The wait staff strives for nothing less than perfection.  Case in point: during one of my visits here (when I used to drink coffee), I asked our waiter not to bring me cream because I didn't want to waste it.  Another waiter (not ours) saw that there wasn't any cream on our table as he was passing by, and promptly brought some and apologized for the oversight.  How considerate is that?!  Maybe I haven't dined out enough, but I haven't been to one other place where waiters pay attention to tables that weren't theirs.Only sucky thing about this place is that they stop seating people for brunch at 10:30am.  Seriously, do they not know how hard it is to get up before then after a night on the town? But for Bouchon, sacrificing sleep is worth it.
4	good french food.  awesome ratatouille.  good steak.  they give you a ton of fries.  about 50-60/person for dinner.
3	Decent place for brunch.  Everything is overpriced by $10.  The trout at brunch is very good.   The service when we went was hurried, harried, and hapless.  No need to tell us you are out of bread and we can only get the "dregs".  Nice.
5	Bouchon is never to be passed by or reconsidered. Bouchon is on a level of its own and if you know Thomas Keller you must eat here at least once. If you are in Vegas, it should definately be on your list. I have only been here on two occasions and both for brunch. I have had friends who also love it for dinner, but something about this space with its high ceilings, great light and decor, make it perfect for brunch. You really cannot go wrong with the menu and pastires as everything will be a hit. Coming with a large group of girls, we had a diverse selection of items. I would say the ultimate winner is the chicken and waffles as it is a pure savory indulgence. I dont know what sauce they serve with it but its bliss. Their coffee and hibiscus champagne cocktail are in my book, the best Ive ever had. I would highly recommend Bouchon for all food lovers.
4	This is a 4.5 place.  My foodie children recommended this place because of the chef's reputation and its price (fine balance of quality and value).  We were not about to pay $500 per person (sans drinks) at Joel Robchon 's although we were staying at MGM grand and decided to go to Venetian instead.  There were four of us for dinner and most dishes we ordered were close to perfection (Lamb, Salmon, and the special, a sea bass dish), and we left the restaurant fully satisfied.   (However, my husband wasn't impressed by the texture and taste of his beef.)The atmosphere and the wait staff were also very good and professional.
5	Maybe I'm a sucker for French bistros, but I loved Bouchon. The cocktails are delicious, the wine list varied and the French fare perfectly French and delectable, all at reasonable prices. And though having nothing to do with the food/service, I love their business card letterpress!
5	Bouchon Bistro was one of my externship choices.  My wife and I went down to Las Vegas to eat there and for me to interview there.  It was amazingly incredible.  The atmosphere seemed a bit snob/froufrou-like upon entering but the staff were very friendly and pleasant.The food was stellar, really high-end quality and delicious.  We ended up eating there twice on different days and both times I was just blown away.The tour of the kitchen as part of my interview was very interesting as well.  Everything is made from scratch and all fresh food is delivered daily.  The kitchen staff were very professional and dedicated.
5	My first time experiencing a ratatouille and it was quite interesting. It reminded me of a bruschetta but with many more spices and completely french. 5 stars for the food - all of it. Exquisite steak and ribeye. I must go try the Bouchon in Napa!
5	Thank you Yelpers for being spot on about Bouchon!I LOOOOOVED my brunch experience here. The patio was beautiful, it was nice and sunny....and just...so relaxing. I felt so civilized!  And the food, oh god, the FOOD! The strawberry croissant was the best freaking thing I've had in a looooong time...I will forever remember my first bite of this delicious, flaky, delicate little pastry. YUM.I never thought much of corned beef hash...looks and tastes like dog food to me...but it's really prettied up and tasty here. And portions are JUST RIGHT (ahem Craftsteak)...Bouchon does this beautifully. Coffee is so good and they keep the refills coming! Service is great..5 stars, can't wait until I get to come back!!!*TIP* It took us forever to find the restaurant! Easiest way is to enter through the main entrance of the Venetian (I think where check-in is)...to your right is the Venezia Tower. Bouchon is on the 10th floor. We came from the Palazzo shops and it was a maze...omg..Venetian needs to work on better signage for this place.
5	By Far the most Delicious Breakfast In Vegas!!! a little overpriced!! but definitely YUMMY!!! Service was Amazing and the view spectacular!!!
4	Went to Bouchon to celebrate my 3 year wedding anniversary!  It was fantastic!  Thomas Keller really does a good job with flavors and texture.  I had the pork shoulder and the meat was soooo tender and so flavorful!  It was served with potatoes and was so yummy!  The hubs had the flat iron steak and the french onion soup to start with. I'm personally not a fan of French onion soup but he said it was really good.  Service was a little slow but the good food made up for it!  I know this may sound strange but as much as I enjoyed the food, I don't know if I'd go back...Can't wait to try French Laundry in Napa!
4	Breakfast brunch. Three words:Chicken and waffles.If you don't do this, then I pity you. Truly.
5	Michelin-star Chef Thomas Keller's post out in Las Vegas was everything I would of imagined from one of the best chefs in America. 5 stars across from the decor, to the beautiful decor, and of course the star, the food. I ordered the French Onion Soup to start with, very carmelized onions, and deep dark rich broth. I hate when you order this soup, and the onions arent deeply cooked and the broth is flavorless. For dinner I had the Flat iron steak wtih Steak fries. Sounds simple, but the tenderness of the beef and flavors were just unbelievable. If there was any place you went to eat on the strip, I would say it is Bouchon.
5	Had the rib eye for my birthday dinner.  Could have been the best steak I have ever had.  Didn't get a chance to try breakfast, but will for sure come back here.  Have to try the home made tonic also, mighty tasty!!
3	This Bouchon falls below the level of expectation from all the other Thomas Keller restos I've dined in. We ate here for brunch.   My french toast was ok, I expected to be like the bread pudding from Tartine (SF), it was overly sweet and mushy.  My dining companions had the salmon and baguette which they thoroughly enjoyed. Service is friendly but the pacing was off and the servers could do without the fake french accents. Several great items from here (and from its bakery) were the pain epi bread and strawberry jam, coffee and the yogurt parfait. I would probably just skip the Cafe and order something from the bakery.
5	I dont know why people seem to not think this place is awesome, but I suppose they should separate dinner from brunch. They are two different animals. A group of us went here for my GFs 30th bday. To our surprise our waiter Kristoff was from Poland as was the birthday girl and 2 others so this set an excellent tone to our dinner.Starters: House made bread and butter. This was perhaps the best I have had since I left Europe. I am accustomed to cheap excellent bread and we got as much as we could eat which was nice. Never once was there any attitude from anyone, and you could almost forget you are in a fine dining establishment. The house wines were delicious and quite pleasant on the palate. I also had the French Onion soup which was outstanding. Dinners: I had the Steak Frites. It was stunningly cooked and the fries were the bomb. I tried my GFs duck and it was also outstanding. Everything was cooked beautifully, seasoned perfectly and beautiful to look at. This is how I remember french cooking. No one had anything negative to say which is unusual in a part of 6 demanding foodies. Hats offDesserts: We had basically one of everything. It was all good but I think the creme brulee and the custard (flan) stood out to me. The bouchons were nice but I am not a huge chocolate freak so others enjoyed things differently. Everything was delicious though so dont think I am not recommending anything. We also ordered some coffees and I liked that the caffe au lait was brought with refills left on the table. Over all I can only tell you that this is one of the best meals I have ever had. Its not cheap, but its also not outrageous. If you are in Napa or Vegas, be sure to visit for dinner. you wont regret it. The brunch while delicious is a distant second to the dinners. If you only pick one, make it dinner.
2	The service was very attentive, but the food was not good. The foie gras was too chilled to the point of frozen and tasted terrible. I would not go back. It was expensive and we left hungry.
3	This was our last meal in Vegas as part of the reunion. I'd round this up to 3.5 stars, not down from 4.I enjoyed the meal with the bread and coffee being the standouts for me. I'm not being facetious. The bread and the coffee were delicious.Service was a bit spotty with the waiter forgetting a few orders and serving the meals in stages. My corned beef hash was solid but nothing overwhelming.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas and I make a point to eat there while in Vegas.  Bouchon has an honest approach to quality food at fair prices.  Its less expensive the the most expensive restaurants in Vegas but stands up to the best.It's best to order one of the specials and take your time French Style.
4	tk's bouchon is a jewel. and like any stone, it needs some polishing time to time. the tall open ceilings remind me of the restaurant commerce in paris. true to it's casual bistro style, the tables are covered with paper and the bread served right on top without a plate. the menus are smartly printed and used as the napkin rings. our server was friendly but a little loopy. i could tell it was near the end of his shift and he was trying to get through to the end. wine: this is vegas so expect a decent wine selection with high mark ups. 1. the crab app was cooked then chilled and served cold. uncracked and without hot butter. instead, it came with some cocktail sauce. that was a little disappointing. 2. the goat cheese salad was delicious! the goat cheese was soft, smooth, and wonderfully seasoned. 3. the croque madame was lacking balance. i have a croque obsession and i had such high expectations. but it was too heavy handed in the cream and not integrated as nicely into the actual bread. chouquet's in san francisco's version still rules. it normally comes with fries but i requested salad. carb+ carb would put me straight to bed and i had some adventuring to do still! 4. the rack of lamb special was a large homestyle cut best served medium rare. 5. for dessert, the valhorona pot de creme with cat tongue cookies was smooth and delicious. surprisingly, the dessert spoons were heavy and too large for a small delicate dessert. overall, the service was very good - we were the last to leave but we never felt rushed. the charm was in the imperfections and if they clean up some details it should really shine.
5	The signs proclaim "Best Breakfast in Las Vegas".  In a town where every show purports to be the "Show of the Year", Bouchon lives up to the hype.  Disclosure: we were on the VIP list because my girlfriend works for the chef's brother, however, we paid for our entrees and I saw the other tables get the same level of service that we did, so the only difference between the VIP treatment and the unwashed masses is a plate of pastries, a yogurt parfait, and a charcuterie plate.But that pastry sampler is an excellent place to start.  The cream cheese danish was something that I'd happily roll around naked in.  The pastry was light, airy, and flaky.  The cream cheese was light, and more like a sugary custard than the filling that you might get elsewhere.  The GF loved the sticky bun.  You could make a meal out of the pastries alone.The yogurt parfait was kind of lost on me.  It was sweetened with fresh strawberries, which I'm sure would make most people happy, but since I don't eat that fruit, it didn't move me.On the suggestion of the waiter, I ordered the Chicken with Waffles.  This is a dish that I would normally pass on (what does chicken have to do with waffles anyway) but the waiter's description intrigued me and I'm glad I took the advice.  It's a good balance of savory and sweet, with chives mixed into the sourdough waffles and a half chicken.  Tip:  let the maple syrup mix with the sauce that you pour over the chicken.  It's awesome.Service was top-notch.  Granted, we were on the VIP list, so they were sucking up to us and we had a team of people swarming over our table from time to time, but looking around, they did that for everyone.  And for the price you pay at Bouchon, you deserve that kind of treatment.The restaurant is easy to find if you're arriving at the Venetian by cab (the elevator is right off the main check-in desk), but if you're walking in from the strip through the casino, you'll probably get lost.
5	For finest quality food in unpretentious dishes at prices that don't have to break the bank, Bouchon is an absolute steal. If you're on a budget, you can just have water and an entree and walk out for under $20. If you're willing to spend a bit more, the appetizers and side dishes and afters are all exquisite. My party was all serious foodies, and we were all very thoroughly impressed with everything we ate. The tureen of foie gras was seemingly a little pricey but it was more than enough for three (with some left over) and was exquisite. The staff was a treasure, we were delighted with the service. Yes, things took time, but it was "we're giving you plenty of time to enjoy your meal" slow, not "we're ignoring you" slow. Even the water tasted great; I asked and the waiter said they have a special filter system that takes out bad stuff but leaves in good minerals. Bouchon won over three tough foodies with effortless style and charm. I will definitely be going back as soon as I'm in Vegas again, and have already recommended it to my family.
4	The wife and I stayed at the Venetian this past weekend and wanted to have a nice dinner. We were considering going back to Craftsteak at the MGM, but we got lazy and didn't want to drive out. Instead we decided to check out  Bouchon, a French restaurant located in the hotel. Bouchon can be found at the Venezia tower of the Venetian so it's a little far from the entrance, but very close to the hotel room elevators. As soon as you walk in, you'll notice a small lobby area to perhaps have some coffee or dessert. You're immediately welcomed by a friendly host who has someone escort you to your table. The restaurant is nicely designed with beautiful colors, mild lighting, and nice high ceilings. It  brought back some old memories of my Paris trip years ago. At your table you have your obvious choices of waters, from house to sparkling. I never liked Pellegrino so we had the "house" water. Bouchon has some damn good filtered watered. A server quickly comes with a warm baguette and butter. The baguette was terrific. Not overly buttered and so crisp. For our entrees, the wife had the Canard (Duck) something something. I can't remember the full description, but it was a roasted duck served with spinach and some small vegetables. The spinach was sauteed in some sort of tart sauce that we just couldnt get used to. But, the duck was magnificent. The meat was cooked perfectly, it was juicy and the skin was so flavorful and crisp. Probably the best duck I've ever had. Pour moi, I had the Steak Frites. It's a pan-seared flatiron steak served with a pile of french fries. This steak is a chewy steak, but if you get it Medium rare to Medium, it'll be perfect. I loved my steak, but I think they got carried away with the fries. I wish there was some vegetables with it. I had to order sauteed spinach on the side. Still, I really enjoyed it. I suggest getting a glass of red wine to go with this dish. For the grande finale, we had their dessert special, if I recall correctly, called the Bouchon. It's 3 brownies topped with 3 different ice creams. Vanilla, Cinnemon, and Mint. The brownies were so good. The ice cream were pretty simple, but had the texture like they were homemade. The mint one was horrific though. It was like putting a bush of mint leaves into your mouth. I wish we ordered the French onion soup. Everyone around us was ordering it. It must be their popular item. Still, nice atmosphere and delicious food make Bouchon a new favorite. If you're staying at the Venetian, look out for a 15% off coupon in your room. We totatly missed it. damnit...
4	Staying at the Venetian we decided to try breakfast here before making the drive home... I was a little concerned about bringing in the stroller, but our little man did great the whole time. We did notice a few other kids who didn't do so great.The Salmon Baguette was just what I needed. The perfect amount of fresh salmon, capers, onions and cream cheese with a baguette that is toasted just enough. I'll be eating this again!My fiance got the American breakfast.. It was better than Denny's, but nothing to amazing.Service was fine. Overall atmosphere was a nice contrast from the upbeat 'morning' music in the Venetian elevators. I want to eat Dinner here next time I'm at the Venetian!
5	What can I add that has not already been said?  This is our favorite place to have breakfast here in LV.If you get a chance speak with Hueget, the manager.  She is very charming and strives to put the love on your plate.  Because of this the entire staff exhibits the love as well.  We have all been to a great place that has lost the love and it shows like a bright beacon.You will not be disappointing!Cheers!
4	If you are staying in the Venetian, this is an excellent place to check out. Its a nice restaurant away from the noise and activity of the casino floor and shopping area of the Venetian.The restaurant has huge windows overlooking a small pool area. The french decor was simple but provided a warm ambience. We had the roasted chicken and white sausage. The roasted chicken was sooo tender and the white sausage and potatoes were excellent. The portions were fairly big and definitely filling. The service was great and it was a nice spot for a good relaxing meal. It also helped we had the 15% coupon because we were staying there. I would probably eat here again if I were staying in the Venetian and wanted French food. There are just too many other restaurants in the hotel to choose from!
4	I would only suggest eating at Bouchon for breakfast. Because the dinner was OVERHYPED.IT IS THE BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. PERIOD. I mean for one, it is the the elegantly-lux Venetian. Second, Thomas Keller? You can't get anything else from him unless you go to Per Se in New York or French Laundry in Napa. So if you want a piece of him go for Bouchon and meet in the middle.For breakfast I enjoyed the Croque Madame. Sounded neat, tasted phenomenally. Toasted ham and cheese on brioche. I can drink the Mornay sauce as if it was water to live. Put it all over my face why dont you. Comes served with Keller's version of Pomme Frites. I've had better fries but rightfully tasty in its own self. Also tried the Oeuf Au Gratin. it was eh.Definitely a place if you want to impress a chick. Won't cost you much. Gorgeous in and outside. The breakfast will start up your whole entire day in Las Vegas.Only thing that prys me away from giving Bouchon a five star rating on Yelp.com is the service. Went a couple of times and all those times the service sucked donkey balls. I don't think their PR or Keller himself would like to hear that but that's the truth.
4	Yum! Yum! and YUM!meal: breakfastbeverage: cranberry and orange juice (they mixed it for me) - the best drink I had in Vegas all weekend (and yes, I did have a lot to drink)number of people: 4food: 2 - chicken and waffles, 1 - croque madame, 1 - corned beef hashThe chicken and waffles...wow! So much flavor. I would not recommend if you were hungover because there's so much going on in terms of flavor. The waffles are seasoned with herbs - fantastic on it's own. Add the gravy, maple syrup and grilled/rotisserie(?) herb-crusted chicken and OMG! Croque Madame...it was ok. If I didn't have the C&W (see above) then I would have given only three stars overall. I have to say though...the fried egg makes the dish. Well...that's why I ordered it, at least. Since they ran out of the Eggs Benedict, I figured that this was the next best option.Corned Beef Hash...paled in comparison to the C&W and the generous pile of french fries that came with the CM. However, it was fantastic as "leftovers" that we were able to snack on several hours later in our hotel room. Did not require neither heating up nor utensils. I would go back for the juice. Oh and the peach jam. Yum! If you remember your sunglasses, they also have seating in an outdoor patio area. Unfortunately, only one of us remembered and it was very bright outside with the sun reflecting off the pale stone walls and floors.
4	You can't beat doungnuts (they call them beignets, but they were doughnuts, they have a hole) with Nutella. The coffee was good and strong, perfect after an evening on the Strip. My wifes quiche was a little underdone for her taste, but she said it was still good. The chicken and waffles were dynamite. Not your traditional fried chciken and breakfast waffle but a good roast chicken and a savory waffle, so be ready for that. The service was friendly if a bit slow. but hey slow service is very French.
4	Bouchon is the Las Vegas outpost restaurant to the famed Napa California culinary giant Thomas Keller (you know, The French Laundry). By this name alone you should go to this restaurant. You'll find at Bouchon not an over-the-top Vegas style facade, but a real feeling French brasserie - even if you are in reality dining on the 10th floor of the Venetian! Everything is expertly cooked, delicious and well presented. Even the TV Travel Channel show No Reservations host Tony Bourdain had to give this restaurant props as 'the best fries', perfectly crispy, yum. As with most fine dining eateries the menu changes to what's fresh and available which usually means what's coming from Keller's flagship restaurant garden the French Laundry but even the traditional French brasserie food here is dependably good if you're not willing to venture off the beaten track.
4	The Bouchon @ the Venetian doesn't compare to the one in Napa.  Don't get me wrong, Bouchon Vegas is still amazing scrump-liciousness but they have a lesser menu selection and the unattractive swimmers/pool-loungers next to the patio didn't help! LOLI normally never order or eat french toast but it was so good! Very fluffy, light and very tasty w/ fresh apple slices on top.  The chicken and waffles wasn't your typical fried chicken slapped on top of the standard wafflemaker burnt waffles.  It was actually a roasted chicken which was so very juicy set next to bacon & chive waffles.  It also comes w/ some very flavorful syrup for the chicken and this amazing savory reduction for the chicken.  The combination was just perfection!!  And let's not forget the Croque Madame w/ fries.  Their creme brulee was huge!  Although, you would never have thought so since we demolished it... one of my friends almost picked up the dish to lick it clean! hehee ;)Oh yes! And don't forget that you must order a peach bellini cuz afterall, it's Bouchon and it's VEGAS!
4	Go here, only to compare to the original Bouchon in Yountville:Food - 4.5 starsService - 4 starsPerformace/Cost - 4.5 starsWe picked Bouchon as our post-theatre dining venue since it was located at the Venetian and that's where our show was.  The restaurant gave an initial impression of a typical bistro, what you'd typically see alongside the streets of Paris.  We got there about 20 minutes earlier than our reservation so we made ourselves comfortable at the bar.  The bartenders looked actually a bit unorganized but whatever.  As we got our cocktails our table was just getting ready.  We were seated at the table with a beautiful view of the Venetian gardens.  We started the evening with an assortment of fresh seafood - some lobsters, prawns, oysters, and clams...delicious all the way.  Just as the waiter cracked open our bottle or Reynolds Pinot Noir, we got our dishes, we ordered a dish of the boudin blanc with warm prunes and mashed potatoes, beef wellington on top of a bed of white bean cassoulet, and the classic moules/frites dish.  All three were delicious, but I'd have to say that the beef wellington that my friend ordered was out of this world.  The meat was tender and matched perfectly with the white cassoulet.The desserts were also delicious, the creme brullee was a bit cold for my taste and the coconut dessert was good,.  The real winner was the beignets with the berry filling with the chocolate ice cream.  I died and went to the doughnut heaven at that moment.I'm VERY looking forward to keeping my hopes up to finally getting a reservation at the French Laundry after this pleasant introduction to Thomas Keller's culinary point of view at Bouchon.Shying away from giving 5 - the bartender kinda turned me off and the waiter was a bit aloof, although he became increasingly courteous...he was about to kiss our shoes by the end...haha.
5	OMFG, hands down the BEST chicken and waffles, EVER. Now i know what you're thinking ... Chicken and Waffles at Bouchon? Trust me, just get it. Even if the chicken isn't fried, the damn thing was so juicy and the skin so crisp. Its served with a chive waffle (yes chive), and a vanilla butter, syrup, AND this BACON grease something something sauce. I think i should've just drank straight from the gravy boat how much was i was cover everything with it, and dipping my wife's fries in it.The table also ordered the french toast(tasty), croque madame (tasty), and a special scallop dish (4-5 pieces) meant for the dinner service ($44), but served at a lunch time rate of i think $32. I didn't taste it, but it was gone faster than i could drink a cup of coffee, so it must have been good.It was mother's day, and so they opened up the back private dining area to accommodate the extra guests, and we probably ended up waiting about 20 minutes to get seated. Our server was awesome, and knew what we were all about when we ran out of milk for our coffee and left the top off as if we were at a chinese place looking for more tea. Double thumbs up to him.
5	Use to work here as well, but came in for dinner last year about this time..... I have to say the food was great.... I had the Croque Madam, I remember cause it was delicious for a simple sandwich with a upscale twist. The desert was just as enjoyable having tried everyone on the menu, I can't pick one as my favorite, they all were great!
4	Prices have gone up 5-10% since last year.  The food and quality were still really good and so were the complimentary olives !
2	Okay, we all know this restaurant is a love child of the most celebrated chef in America, Thomas Keller.  It is expensive, but not more expensive than the other upscale restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.  We also know this is Mr. Keller's "bistro" play, it has been much documented.  And I love French bistro food, my favorite kind on earth.  So 2 stars?  Here's why:Service: At these prices you expect excellent service.  We had two tables of 8 each, next to each other, and all I can say is that the service was no better than what you would hope to receive at a Chili's.  Timing was off, smiles were rare, it took forever to deliver a glass of cranberry juice to the one person not drinking wine.  Clean-up was either too early or too late.  Just a mess.  Unacceptable at a restaurant of this rep.Food:  Yes, pommes frites are a staple of bistros, and Bouchon is known for theirs, but the volume of fries was overwhelming.  At the end of the meal we all sat looking around and laughing at the endless piles of frites that nobody could finish.  I had a flatiron steak, asked for it medium rare, it arrived well done.  I could have sent it back, but given the service I didn't want to chance it, so chewed (and chewed and chewed) it down.  Steak quality was mediocre.  Had a endive/watercress salad that truly was nothing special.  The walnut vinaigrette did nothing to enhance the bitter endive, think it made it worse.  Ostensibly there was some Roquefort cheese in the salad, but about 4 little nibbles, added nothing to the rest of the salad - disintegrated.  I know times are tight, but this is a double digit priced salad, c'mon.  Nobody raved about their entree, in fact, I think people were expecting something special and kind of stared at what was delivered.Wine:  A pretty fair list, and while not reasonably priced, I've seen more outrageous pricing elsewhere.  But it was predictable, mainly French, with a nice representation from the major regions, but nothing unique or intriguing.  Very safe list.  If this is a bistro there should be some more fun, and less pricey, bistro-y choices like Cru Bourgeois from Bordeaux, a longer list of Provencal wines, some unique choices from Cali.  I could have put this list together in my sleep, and the sommelier and wine service was pretty sleepy and sloppy as well.I've been here for breakfast/brunch, and I guess this is their speciality, it was super, a 4 or maybe 5 star breakfast, love that.  But for dinner?  A disappointment.  This restaurant needs an overhaul.
2	I Had been at Bouchon a few Times But last one (May 17) Made me think that this place does not worth it the prices for brunch are Ridiculous, 2 eggs benedict $27 I didnt like the experience because there are a lot fabulous places in Vegas that Bouchon for me Bouchon is famous but not Amazing anymore
3	It was an early Saturday night and it wasn't crowded at all.  Also, we were told that it was "upscale casual" dress, except half the people we saw there were wearing the latest clothes and flip flops from Gap type stores.Pros:  The mussels were good and tasty.  Being served in the hot stone bowl was a bonus that kept them warm longer.  We liked the light flavor and soft inside / crustier outside complimentary french bread.  The way the interwove the pieces made it easy to tear off.  We also dipped the bread in the mussels broth and that was devine.  The fries were lightly crispy on the outside and were fun to eat out of the tall basket but we wouldn't say it's the best we've ever had.  There were so many friendly staff members and we appreciate them rushing for us to make our show later.Special Tip: If you can, sit outside.  There's a nice fountain and you're surrounded by the Venetian/Palazzo buildings.Cons:  The quiche was much softer and mushier than we had expected.
4	I like Las Vegas much better as it goes upscale.  The Venetian is a bit of a circus but it is worth going over there for Bouchon.  This has to be one of the easiest Thomas Keller restaurants to get into in the country.  It is one-fifth of the experience of The French Laundry or Per Se.  But for delicious, reliable bistro food it cannot be beat.  Right up there with Keith McNally's definitive NYC bistros.  I always get the foie gras en terrine.  It comes in a little glass crock.  They scape the excess fat off the top and put it next to the candle to warm it up.  Then they bring a constantly replenished supply of eggy, buttery toasted brioche chunks for you to spread it on.  It's like:  "Waiter, bring me a fresh plate of toasted brioche every ten minutes until I pass out.  And then bring them every twenty minutes."I'm a creature of habit so I always go for the definitive steak frites.  But you can't go wrong with anything there.  You'll already be full from the terrine de foie gras so the entree only matters in so much as you'll be taking it home to have for lunch the next day as you don't want it to get in the way of dessert.   Keller adroitly increases the potion sizes for the Las Vegas crowd.  But I'm astonished that there are haters here who call this place overpriced.  Psst......haters.....I've got a tip for you.....there's a $6.99 all-you-can-eat buffet trough over at Palace Station.  I think that's more your speed.  If you're not going to pay proper respects whilst worshiping at the altar of Keller then you can't play our reindeer games.
4	Another yummy meal at Bouchon.  I've been to the original in Yountville years ago and to this one as well about 2 years ago.  They did it again, although I must say that my previous visit had a bit of an edge on this one.  Maybe it was because last time I was part of a party of 10, therefore able to sample a wide variety of foods.  Also, last time I had the lovely foie gras terrine which was CREAMY, RICHNESS, CLOG YOUR ARTERIES DELICIOUSNESS!  I couldn't order it this time since there were only 2 of us and both of us would have had instant heart attacks if I had!  So back to this visit:  Started off with a half dozen of my favorite creamy oysters from the Northwest, is there a better way to begin a meal?  I had the duck breast which was the perfect ratio of fat to juicy meat and I, unlike some of you yelpers, enjoyed the orange sauce that accompanied it!  It is duck a la orange after all...The special peeky-toe crab salad was excellent, even if it was on the miniscule side.  And the classic chicken was simply cooked to perfection.  Yes, the bread here is near perfection and we ate every last bite of it!  Finished with the three bites of brownies with tin dollops of mint, chocolate, and carmel ice cream-the perfect ending.  Only complaint here was that the restaurant was not that busy, so it took away from the usual energy of the place.
5	Landed in Vegas this morning & had heard such great things about Bouchon that I knew we HAD to give it a try Let's just say the Sourdough Waffle is what it's all about!!! Light & crispy Belgian Waffle that is super soft & moist on the inside; combined w/ fresh Nanners, Candied Walnuts & Tahitian Vanilla Bean Butter....w/ as much pure Maple Syrup as you want to drizzle Heaven!!! Paired w/ freshly squeezed OJ & it was a perfect late breakfast They also had these homemade Beignets that looked 2 die 4 but was too full after B-fast.....maybe tomorrow! Also grabbed a Dinner Menu (they said I could take it w/ me & I didn't even ask....awesome!) & they are offering a veggie Gnocchi paired w/ a veg fricassee that looks awful tasty So a BIG 5 Stars for a wonderful welcome to Vegas; for offering Veggie options in your list of entrees & an absolutely delightful service staff
4	French Laundry without the $300 tab.Well... 'bouchon' means cork, so you're not getting the wine, I guess... but hey at least you get the smell.BREAKFAST - just had it for my second time.Quite yummy.  Sure its high priced, but my girlfriend swears by the beef hash, and I've enjoyed both the french toast (I have a sweet tooth) and the croque madame.  The french fries are piled high, and I'm left feeling nicely full.When we went recently, we had to ask for bread with the jam and butter.  C'mon guys - this is French Laundry restaurant don't be skimping on the bread!!!
5	Love. Love. Love.Best baked eggs.  Ever.  Breakfast was amazing.  We had the baked eggs and also the quiche.  The quiche was out of this world.  Fluffy and delicious.  We also ordered the donuts (beignets), which were excellent.  They came with a cherry sauce and a chocolate sauce, which were good, but seriously, I thought the donuts by themselves were delicious.They also have a bakery in front of the Phantom Theatre.  It's kind of hidden behind an escalator, but please search it out!  The strawberry croissant  was so good you must try it.We loved the breakfast at Bouchon so much we went back the next day for dinner.  For the exact same price we spent in Mesa Grill (Bobby Flay's restaurant, also in Venetian), Bouchon is a notch above.  The ambiance, the service, and OH, the FOOD!  We had the steak frites and roast chicken.  French bistro dining at its best.
5	Don't consider myself a foodie though I know some of the big names after reading "Kitchen Confidential" and the like.  Went to Vegas for a weekend and knew I had to hit at least ONE famous-chef run place.  Since we were staying at the Venetian and the prices weren't too obscene, Bouchon was our choice.We had dinner on a Wednesday.  Pretty quiet, presumably due to the mid week timing, and the economy.  Our waiter was French and charming.  I had the steak frites (had to try this famous classic) and my tablemate had the lamb.  For appetizers, we had french onion soup and a mixed green salad.  Desert was lemon tart and the special of the night, little brownie "bouchands" topped with a small scoop of homemade icecream.  To summarize the dinner: delicious.  I thought the steak was a bit bland for my liking but everything else was so perfect, I didn't care.We returned a couple of days later for brunch and had an equally blissful experience.  Quiche for one of us and the omelette of the day for the other.  Just delicious and filling without being heavy.  The bellinis were a nice refresher to complete the meal.Overall, a complete pleasure.  Wish it was closer to home (too bad the Bouchon in Northern Calif apparently is suffering many more negative reviews than the Vegas one, unfortunately.)  This is worth anyone's time and money, foodie or not.
4	I've been here about 4 times....while I was expecting the world, it really is a pretty solid establishment..but not great.  Its solid....but really not that much of a knockout as one would expect with Kellar's repuatation.  This is a combo review of several visits....the Moules Marinade was quite good...and filling...however, it was crap compared to any bistro you would find in Paris or Belgium.  I wish they were a bit more agressive with the flaovring of the broth itself....Chicken and Waffles....while the waffles were great (esp. the butter), I really like Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles much better...it just seemed a bit too refined and was quite average.  Salmon Rilletes:  this was damn awesome.  This alone brought the review from 3 to 4 stars. Croque Madam- Too rich for my tastesBerries: greatservice: has always been great.
2	Food was good, service not quite there. We made reservations for four in advance for dinner.  When we got there, we still had to wait about 15 minutes before being seated.  Once seated our waiter gave us our menus but did not in any other way acknowledge us.  When we asked him a question about the Rillettes aux deux Saumons, he decided to correct us on our incorrect pronounciation of Rillettes in a rude snotty tone.  Then gave us a look and explained how it was prepared.  Throughout the meal, I looked around and saw other very friendly waiters waiting on other tables.  Our waiter was not attentive, would walk by and ignore us.  Also, he never smiled.  Not once.  He made it seem like we offended him somehow.Okay, I understand..the French are rude but we are not in France and he was not French.  He only seemed to try and redeem himself at the very end when he said "hope you enjoyed your dinner."  I ordered the Steak Frites (medium rare).  Very good fries and the steak was delicious and cooked to perfection.  We were celebrating an anniversary and it was suppose to a be a memorable night.  I would not recommend this place as the server was extremely rude.  Bad service made it a poor experience.
4	I probably need to try one more time to be sure, could be a fiver.  I had the grand plateau at 110, my wife was not very hungry so i more or less ate a whole small ocean: one lobster, some crab, most of 8 shrimp and 16 oysters (five kinds), all of 8 clams and 9 mussels. yum! had a very nice soupe du jour, a gazpacho perfect for the mid 90s heat (dined sat 5.30.09) and a salade marachere au chevre chaud (mixed greens, red wine vinaigrette, warm goat cheese & herbes de provence. 11$) yum again! wife ordered the frites, okay but not to her favored Cesar standards. i had a few. Had a nice (sorry forgot name) french chardonnay, moderately priced (low 50s). Lagniappe was a fine Belgian beer list and I enjoyed a Piraat, an old standby, to close.  I wanted so much to try the special sea bass i think w/ jalapeno butter sauce? but wife wanted the Grand Plateau so I went Grande!   The salmon the trout and the salmon rillettes would have been other good calls.  Try it, you'll like it! Service wise: two kudos one for our waiter recommending I try Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay for beer (I will review that soon) and another for him going to check the b-ball score while we ate as I'd wisely wagered on the Magic to knock the Cavs out.
5	I wonder if this will the 500th review of Bouchon!?I have wanted to eat at one of Thomas Keller's restaurants for a very long time and haven't yet got organized enough to book The French Laundry 6 months in advance!So it was on a May Saturday night in Vegas that my better half and I finally got dinner at Bouchon (we have had a very good b'fast here before). We didn't know before we sat down that Mr Thomas Keller himself was in attendance that evening which I have to believe between the Laundry and Per Se in NYC is a pretty rare occurence in Vegas. The decor is impeccable and as authentic as anything can be in Vegas. The service was very good but I think I have been in the States so long I expect more prompt service than I was used to living in Europe. There were a few moments where we waited for our glasses to be filled just a moment too long but no sooner had I commented on the fact the waiter appeared (are the tables bugged?!?!).The food and wine was what you would expect. A poached mackerel first course with Serrano ham was sensational. I was going to go for Moules but ended up with my old weakness Steak Frites. The Frites were 100% amazing but I have to say I have had a much better Steak (accepting the cut of the meat is always flank/skirt etc) at Les Halles in NYC. That momentary lapse aside I continued with traditional French choices by ordering a perfect and I mean textbook perfect Creme Caramel, Alongside a glass of Sauternes the meal could not have ended better.It was when we finished our desert that we noticed Mr Keller by the long Oak bar and figured even if he didn't cook our food personally you knew his team were bringing their A-Game with him looking over their shoulder!As soon as I can get another $350 together we will be back (yes, as Stella Artois put it, Bouchon is reassuringly expensive!!!).
5	I had the most divine breakfast here and even rushed out of my suite after a long night, speed walked through the Venetian, making it with two minutes to spare before breakfast was over.  My friends and I shared the donut beignets which came out warm, soft, and they melted in my mouth.  Next we all tried the strawberry croissant that had a custard like layer, making it very unique and oh so delicious.  The almond chocolate croissant was also great, but not as much as the strawberry one.  I ordered the baked eggs with mushroom and spinach in a creamy sauce with roasted potatoes and it was all very satisfying.  Of course, I had the expresso martini, which is genius (my two faves in one!).  I had a bite of the croque madame that came with an abundance of fries and was again very pleased.  In addition to our delectable meal, we received top notch service from an excellent waiter who not only did his job perfectly, but also shared some laughs with us.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you enjoy the finer things in life.
5	THOMAS KELLER BOOK SIGNING!!!!!!!!! Bouchon Las Vegas.June 16th @6pmOpen to Public. Call restaurant for details. 702-414-6200
5	there's nothing like going out to brunch by yourself by the poolside with good food, good service on a really nice day out.thomas keller does not disappoint. it was indeed, the breakfast of champions!!!!!!
5	Thomas Keller Book Signing!Tuesday June 16th @ 6pmBouchon Las Vegas in the VenetianOpen to Public. Bring your books or buy one there! --for further info, call the restaurant. 702-414-6200
5	the bf brought me here for our anniversary dinner and it was sooo good! when we first got there it wasnt crowded at all, but it soon filled up! i had the croque madame and omg it was to die for! ive had it at other places but none compare to bouchon. my bf had the mussels and they were delicious too!! the bread is yummy too =) i will definitely be back, hopefully to try the breakfast!!
3	We were staying at the Palazzo and walked over to Bouchon for dinner. We ordered 3 drinks, oysters and clams, duck, steak frites, and brownies with ice cream. The food and drinks were impeccable. The host is super cute, and the service is top notch, although I think our waiter was a newbie. He kept forgetting the items and blushed a bit as he tried to recover from his mistakes. The restaurant is on the 10th floor of the Venezia Tower, which is apparently a separate building from the Venetian hotel building. We got lost trying to locate the restaurant, and it was extremely annoying to have to walk back and forth through the shopping area.Having an Absinthe is an experience at this place. It's prepared table side using beautiful instruments. The taste, however, is not my cup of tea (very strong anise flavor). 2 stars are taken off, because I've had equally delicious French food at 2/3 - 1/2 the cost. Having to walk through the crowded mall with pungent performe smell to get to the restaurant is annoying. The corridor leading to the restaurant smelled like the perfume section of a department store -- totally kills the appetite for me. Yuck!If you are sensitive to smell/performe like I am, avoid this restaurant and all other Venetian establishments. This particularly strong perfurme smell must be their way of aroma marketing, but I can't stand it.
5	We had brunch here on sunday.  Chef Thomas Keller is the Michael Jordan of gastronomy.   Simply put, he can make a bowl of cheerios taste divine.  Nothing I can say can add much.  Try the chicken and waffles or the Quiche Florentine.  Both are out of this world especially the chicken and waffles.I am booking my next trip to las vegas and I am seriously contemplating staying at the Venetian so I can eat at Bouchon every day.
1	two appetizers and two entrees,  both way, way under par for thomas keller.  we went after absolutely loving every bite at the french laundry, love bouchon bakery too but went here for dinner and were both sadly disappointed.  will not be returning, nothing special about the waiter either.
3	Maybe I had expected too much after reading all the rave reviews on yelp.  I ordered the omelet for brunch and it wasn't what I had expected.  My omelet was a bit cold when it got to me and so was my brioche toast.  My friend ordered the sourdough waffles and it was pretty good; better than my omelet.  All in all, the food was good, but not as good as I had expected.
4	This place is kind of hard to get to. We wandered around for a while before we found it. Nevertheless I was desperate to try it, even though I heard it wasn't as good as the one on the wine country.We came for brunch, and as all girlie brunches start, we began with bellinis. Good sparkling wine with peach puree. It was brunch, but my like minded ladies wanted to try the oysters here and they were the quality kind, not too oversized and lacking that fishy flavor.Then between us we ordered the croque madame, french toast, and the piece de la resistance... chicken and waffles! Can you believe Bouchon has a version of chicken and waffles? I blinked twice in disbelief looking at this menu item. Everything was not bad, and the service was impeccable. The runny egg on the croque madame was cooked to perfection, neither being too runny or too over cooked. The french toast came in a mini tower much to our surprise. We split it delightfully and the chicken and waffles, while not being fried chicken was roasted to a great savory moistness mixed with the sweet syrup and spongy waffle was a great Also sitting outside on the patio right by the pool was fabulous, except for the fact that only older people sunbathe outside during brunch time... *shudder*
3	I went there for brunch with some friends during my last Las Vegas visit.  It is almost hidden away in the Venetian, but we were able to track it down following the signs.  It is a very nice, spacious atmosphere.  We had to wait a bit before we got seated, but given our party size it was very reasonable.  The breads are quite good, and my meal, the croque madame was good - I also tried a bit of my friend's mussels as well.  No complaints about the food at all, although I think given the price and reputation, I might have expected slightly more.
2	Extremely disappointing.  Having had lunch at the Bouchon Bakery in NYC, and thoroughly enjoying it, I assumed that Bouchon, it's upscale cousin could only be better.I went there with my wife for dinner.  Poor signage in the casino [Venetian] made finding it difficult [casino directory/maps extremely outdated.] We sat outside overlooking the pool area - nice. But problems soon began.  Our server seemed to disappear after salad was served, even though other tables near us received their food and finished before we received our entrees.  It was likely  nearly a 60 min delay between salad and entrees.  Then the food was not very hot when served.  Maybe the food had been sitting our for the 60 min delay.  I ordered a classic French dish - steak frites - with a flat iron steak.  Granted flat iron isn't the best cut of beef, but when cooked right, can be quite flavorful . It arrived unevenly cooked [well done to medium] even though I had ordered medium rare.  The beef flavor was overpowered by the shallots covering it, which I eventually scraped off.  I was warm, not hot.  I felt especially ripped off that I was charged $36 for a flat tron steak.  A princely sum for a pauper's cut of beef!  My wife's mussels were not very warm either.  The fries were over salted. After waiting so long, I was afraid of another hour wait if I sent it back.  It would have been nice if I had the option, but our waitress [redhead] was ignoring us.I left a restaurant angry for one of the few times in my life.  Not only was the food disappointing, but the service was poor [except for the stewards who kept our water glasses full.]  It took forever to finally get the check.  Having had tasting menus before, I know when a meal should take two hours.  A salad and entree should not have taken 2 hrs.  I tipped the waitress less than my usual 20-25% - I only felt bad that the other servers [bread, water] would suffer for the waitress's poor attention.I will not return, nor will I recommend anyone eat at Bouchon.  Two stars  is generous.
4	For us, by the time we get up, shower and dress, and then finally decide where to eat, brunch is usually the only option. But, since brunch is the best of two worlds we don't usually complain.Bouchon was a perfect pick for brunch. We started the meal with a mimosa and a peach bellini. Then, we ordered beignets (aka powdered donuts) that came with raspberry jam and nutella. The beignets were perfect. They had a little texture to their outside to give the crunch factor but the inside was perfectly light and cakey. The raspberry jam was delicious with it. Nutella is always good so why not on donuts?For the main course, I ordered their french toast and Jeff ordered croque madam. The french toast was this perfect little tower layered with apples and custard all on a maple syrup pond. It was very good, but not what I was expecting. I wanted the big pieces of bricohe with apples and syrup all decadently on top. I guess I wanted more comfort than elegance?Jeff's croque madam came with the biggest side order of fries I have ever seen. I couldn't even see his meal over the fries (although I am short).  The flavors of the sandwich were there, but possibly it had a little too much creme fraise on it.Overall, the meal was very satasfying. I can still  remember the taste of those beignets. Yum!
5	In contention for "my last meal on earth."  Thomas Keller's "Steak Frites" is in my top 3 favorite meals of all time.  My shortest yelp ever.  There is nothing more to say.
5	One of my all time best dinners. The meal began with perfect bread being broken on a sheet of butcher paper that covered the length of our table. We ordered oysters and cocktails to begin, followed by one of everything on the special board.    The fish was as fresh as it gets. Trout-Menuire with a beurre noisette and haricot vert. Classic!    In fact, everything was as it should be that evening.
4	Bouchon is the vision of world-renowned chef Thomas Keller, who was named "America's Best Chef" by Time magazine. He is also the sole recipient of consecutive "Best Chef" awards from the prestigious James Beard Foundation. Located in the Venezia tower, Bouchon brings to Las Vegas the top cuisine and service that have made it a Napa Valley institution.After all that, lets just say that the food was unforgettable the company was and if you ever get a chance to just try the celery root bisque that they served there get it. Like everything in Vegas the hype is big and the results small so if you are going there to eat then apparently that didn't happen for me. But quality of food, unsurpassed, everything was excellent the service was great, the waiter had all the answers for even my off the wall french ones, I mean if I could go back again with better company I would and never regret it if I dropped 500 for a meal, well worth it!!!
5	An early dinner with my lovely wife at Bouchon was just awesome! One of my top 10 dinners of all time.Our three day getaway to Vegas our plans were simply to lounge around the pool/beach at our hotel while She sipped a pina colada or 4, enjoy our 34th floor suite, see the Lion King stage show and to have dinner at Bouchon.  Good thing we followed our itinerary!  We could have missed the dinner at Bouchon.Dinner started out with a nice, attentive server bringing us bread and butter along with pistachios to snack on while we waited for our wine and decided what to order.  The bread was crusty on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside as good bread should be.  The pistachios were a nice addition.  Appetizers we shared were a half dozen Fanny Bay oysters and a grilled octopus and white bean salad.  Both were very good.  For dinner She ordered the Lamb Loin with Ratatouille (which she obviously enjoyed because her plate was nearly clean at the end of our meal).  I had what many Yelpers recommend, the Steak Frites.  And yes, it too was delicious!  Simple, perfectly cooked and served with The Best fries I have ever tasted. (Check out a few of the photos on my FLICKR.COM page   http://www.flickr.com/photos/clickin-away28/   )What more can I say about Bouchon?  Nothing, the food, service and ambiance speaks for itself.
4	This place is a little hard to find.. if people hadnt recommended it and if it didnt have such high ratings on yelp, I probably would've never stumbled across it!  A co-worker highly recommended Bouchon. He actually recommended it over Delmonico's, which I loved. We came here for brunch.. and I'm so glad! I am a big fan of brunch.. aka waffles, yogurt, corned beef hash.. yum!The service was good. Our waiter was a little slow, and seemed to have a hard time remembering what kind of coffee we wanted, but he was nice.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash ($17.95) and shared a honey yogurt with granola with my friend.  Both were good! What I also loved about the place was that they were able to make whatever kind of coffee we wanted, even if it was something off a Starbucks menu. :) That was pretty cool.Overall, was a good start to the day prior to hitting up the spa. Maybe one day I'll come back for the dinner menu.
5	Besides knowing Thomas Keller for his infamous "The French Laundry" restaurant and his partial inspiration for one of my favorite Disney movies, Ratatouille, there is not much else that I know about him.In saying that, knowing that we were going to Bouchon for brunch, I was still very excited. I can honestly say that breakfast is pretty much my favorite meal of the day. I chose the croque madame for my love of sunny side eggs and buttery brioche. I learned from Mr.Bunnie's culinary school days that a well-cooked egg possesses no color of evident cooking when fried, poached, over easy, scrambled...you name it. And after many dozens of eggs tried in mastering this process, I, too have learned to appreciate egg cookery in a whole different light. Just look at the perfectly cooked sunny side up egg drizzled with mornay sauce drowning my beloved layers of brioche toast and sweet salty ham. Delicious!As much as I loved my dish, I loved his dish more. Mr. Bunnie has made quiche for me many times before and I've always told him it was the best that I have ever tasted. EVER. However, once the soft moan of satisfaction escaped out of me, slight appearance of goosebumps on my arms, and the faint closure of my eyes, I have to admit -- I have a new love. The hint of sweetness from the pillowy custard grounded by the layer of perfectly baked buttery crust was pure heaven. Tender creamed leaves of spinach set stage for a perfect balance with the custard that just melted in your mouth. At that moment, he knew as well as I that as much as I love his quiche, I will probably never utter the same adoring praise ever again.
3	I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area and wanted to experience a Thomas Keller restaurant.  It's impossible to get a reservation at the French Laundry and since I was going to be in Vegas over the 4th of July weekend, I thought I would try Bouchon Bistro.  I had heard wonderful things about this restaurant going back to season one episode seven of NO RESERVATIONS--one of Anthony Bourdain's show on the Food Network.  I got a reservation immediately--and maybe that should have been my first clue that something was wrong.A friend and I went to the restaurant on Monday, 7/6/09 a little after 6 PM.  We were immediately seated and the waiter brought us warm pistachio nuts with our bread and butter.  Everything looked pristine and exactly what I would expect from a fine dining establishment.  However, the place was empty except for a few diners seated near the windows.  I just assumed we were early and everyone dined late in Vegas.We came to enjoy fine cuisine and to be thrilled by Thomas Keller's reputation and didn't hesitate to order the most  expensive item on the menu--the Grand Plateau for $110 plus a side order of French Fries--a dish Bourdain claimed was better than his own.  We figured these two were their signature dishes and had to be the best!. Boy were we WRONG!!!!The french fries were good but not spectacular.  Shoe string potato fries served in a paper cone is pretty common these days at least in the San Francisco Bay Area.  It's hard to judge a restaurant solely on their fries so we waited for our Grand Plateau.When the seafood tower arrived, we sampled the raw oysters and clams.  They were fresh and sweet.  Then we moved onto the cooked seafood.  We tried the jumbo prawns and were taken aback.  The shrimps were meaty but had no flavor and were bone chilling cold.  Next we moved onto the dungeness crab.  A fresh crab should have opaque flakes of sweet meat.  The crab we were served had a dense meat and absolutely no flavor.  Ditto for the lobster.  In fact, the lobster tail tasted water logged.  The mussels also tasted a little weak--like mussels at half strength.I mentioned this to the manager and he suggested that perhaps I didn't understand the texture of East Coast crab or lobsters since I was from the Bay Area.  He also told me that the chef steamed the seafood and it was never plunged in ice water.  Despite the manager's and chef's assurances, my palate knew better.  The seafood tasted like it had been prepped in advance and stored in a very cold refrigerator.  Perhaps it had even gotten partially frozen and that soggy water logged texture was actually the melted ice crystals.I grew up on fresh seafood.  My father use to work in restaurants and he would buy the fresh catch of the day in San Francisco's Chinatown and my family would wake up each morning to a seafood breakfast fit for a king.  My father's best dishes were jumbo prawns bursting with roe in steamed eggs with green onions and of course the simple cracked crab.  My father never overcooked his seafood and we ate our crab without any sauces because we wanted to savor the sweetness of the meat.You can imagine how disappointed we were when we were served Bouchon's interpretation of fresh seafood.  In hindsight, it's obvious they had probably stocked up on seafood for the 4th of July holiday and I was experiencing seafood that had arrived several days earlier.  Also since it was over 100 degrees in Las Vegas, it's hard to keep seafood super fresh.  Going back to Anthony Bourdain's book, Kitchen Confidential-- Never order seafood on Monday, especially if it's "special." That fish probably was delivered on Thursday, in anticipation of busy Friday and Saturday night dinners. If it hasn't been eaten by Sunday night, it becomes Monday's special.Frankly I was more insulted by the manager and chef who tried to convince us that our palates were wrong rather than admit their food was not the freshest.  It's unforgiveable to blame the customer for the restaurant's failing.  The manager never apologized or even offered us a complimentary glass of wine or dessert.  When I got back to the office, I told everyone about our experience and believe me, most of my co-workers will think twice before choosing a Thomas Keller establishment in the future.  His food does not live up to his reputation and I'm afraid in these tough economic times, he has lowered his standards!  If Bouchon had ever been upscale, it has truly gone downhill!
5	Have had dinner here.  But it is the brunch/breakfast that stars.In a town like Vegas where there is the critical mass of theconstellation of celebrated American chefs, dinner always tries too hard to meet salivating expectations and reputations.  The lowlybreakfast needs not to prove greatness.  It needs just a comforting and small 'c' creative hand in the kitchensOne brunch and we plan to return just for the pleasure of  a morning meal on the patio at Bouchon.Shared with my best half  a Sticky Pecan  Bun and the Roast Chicken with chive and bacon  Waffles.  This is a take on the American deep south favourite of fried chicken and waffles. Wow. Both savoury and sweet.  The chicken was tender and moist, the waffles firm but light the vanilla bean butter and the sauce for the chicken is the 'c' that makes a regional dish an ! exclamation of flavours.  Shortly after being served both dishes.  The server came and gave us another Sticky Pecan Bun because the kitchen felt the first one was not up to standards.  Hey, we wouldnt have known!  My wife is into breads and loved the first one and then the second one.Next visit the Croque Madame is on our list.Not cheap but this is Vegas and where is one going to experience the best of the best?
5	Thomas Keller is a god.  Chicken and Waffles for breakfast are AMAZING!  If u can't spring for French laundry in Napa, bouchen is it's little brother.
5	I love this place. Thomas Keller will rarely let you down.The entrees are great - one of the best steak frites I've had (the fries here are just delicious, and they stack 'em high), and the leg of lamb is great too. One of the daily specials they have sometimes is a braised lamb shank which is just delicious as well.For dessert, the chocolate bouchons and profiteroles are great; the only problem is that it's hard to decide between the two!
5	Packed and loud, but food is amazing and service is quite good and fast.Had lamb and ratatouille that was very good, especially the ratatouille part. Duck and red rice with wine reduction sauce was the best duck dish that I ever had.Wine list is far from spectacular, but found a good young burgundy to go well with our dishes.This place is definitely in my Top 5 favorite french restaurants and the only one in the US with that distinction.
4	We've been meaning to try Bouchon the last few times we've been to Vegas, but for some reason we've just never nailed it down. We were able to stop for a quick bite right before our flight out. I think it was 5 o'clockish pm when we entered and sat at the bar. It was pretty quiet at that time but there was a constant in-flow of people as we ate. The bartender did a great job at setting us up to eat at the bar, almost makes you feel like you should eat all your meals at the bar! We ordered off the bar menu. Started with the Pate, which was excellent! My husband doesn't even like Pate but he really liked Bouchon's Pate. Since we weren't very hungary, my hubby and I split the open-faced lamb sandwich. What can I say, a ridiculously Awesome sandwich! The cut of meat was the leg of lamb and it was cooked perfectly. Nice clean flavors and the pommes frites (fries) were some of the best fries I've ever had and they give you a huge plate full of them! Can't wait to get back to Vegas and try this place for a full on dinner and the Brunch!Location of the restaurant is interesting, it's off the beaten path by Venetian check-in. Bouchon also has a bakery right in front of the Venetian Tower elevators. Everything we tried there was Great! Chocolate Croissant (warmed up) and the baguettes are good stuff!
5	Wow! The food was delicious! We were in Vegas for business and pleasure. We decided to head over Bouchon for Saturday early lunch. The wait was not bad at all, 30 minutes maybe? So we sat at the bar and enjoyed a beverage while we waited for our table. I was a little thrown off by how many people wearing tanks, tees and shorts. The waiter was on it! Damien Drake was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. We were not sure on a starter, he suggested a beet salad. It was sauteed beets with goat cheese. Loved it! We decided on Chicken and Waffles as our entree. Waffles? Chicken? I thought this is the craziest combination I had ever heard of! Damien said it was something I had to try. He described the plate and how the sweet syrup combines with the savory waffle and then the chicken adds another layer of flavor.  He was right.  The waffle was crispy but fluffy.  The chicken was tender and moist. When combined with the maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla bean butter, it was heaven!  Loved it!
2	The food is good. I would give this restaurant 4 stars if it weren't for the bad experiences I keep getting from the staff. I've been here twice now, and the waiters and hosts have always been horrible. The last time my party ate here, the service was lousy, the food took 1 hour to arrive, and we even paid them their required 18% gratuity. We complained to the manager, and he promised to have a $100 giftcard for our next visit, but that never came. So:Pros:1.) Decent foodCons:1.) Horrible service2.) No follow through on their commitments. I will never eat here again.
4	Bouchon = YUM!  Even though I have visited your Yountville location close to home, I had to visit you in Vegas.  Why?  Because as soon as we flew in the first thing on our mind was food....GOOD FOOD.  We were really hungry and knew we would need a good meal to fuel us for late night clubbing plans....Bouchon did not disappoint.  We all shared the melon and ham salad, the octopus salad, and the endive salad with a side order of fries (that was the size of an entree)!  The bad side is that we were staying at the Venetian and even though the restaurant is in the hotel they will NOT delivery to our room (lame).  And we could NOT pre-order.  Restaurant policy is that the customer has tp be in the restaurant to place an order.  I guess we we're not high rollers (even though there was a baby grand piano in the room). Oh well..we got over it quickly and the food made up for it.P.S. be sure to visit the walk up bakery on the Venetian Casino Floor for dessert!
5	I'm not sure I can add much to the 500+ reviews except to say: one of the best meals I've ever had.
5	hands down 5 stars!it wasn't crowded at all on a sunday night so we were able to push back our reservation pretty easily since we were running late. the restaurant is located in the venetian, its a bit tricky because you  have to use the elevators near the lobby and go up to the top floor. its a pretty hidden restaurant but just ask for directions if you need help finding this place.we started off with the mac n cheese which i'm pretty sure is the best mac n cheese i've had. i can't even describe it. but you could tell the cheese and cream they used were both top notch. wasn't heavy either. but sooooo tasty. we scarfed that down in about 2 minutes. for our entrees we ordered the steak frites and the duck.  both were great. my steak was cooked well and the fries were excellent. the duck was served on a bed of risotto? or brown rice...im not sure. but everything tasted so great together. for dessert our waitor recommended we get the special of the day which was the potted cherry cheesecake. it was delicious! very cute presentation as well. its not on their regular menu but maybe ask for it if you're into cheesecake..great restaurant choice and i'm so glad we came here instead of doing a prix fixe dinner at the wynn.
5	This place is one of my favorites in LV. It's not expensive at all. Me and gf went to celebrate being in LV like always. I had the trout and it was great with a real nice sauce. It was about $25 bucks I think. She had the steak and it was tender and came with fries which were good too. We had dessert, it was a trio of ice cream sandwiches, it was really good. It took about 15 minutes to get the dessert which was a downer but the meal was good. Total was maybe $80 with tip, hey in LV not too bad.Oh yeah, they put the bread right on the table, crazy stuff and it's upstairs so make sure to follow the signs. The elevators are next to the Phantom of the Opera.
4	Brunch here is better than dinner.At Brunch, I loved the french toast!  I remember all the sweet breakfasts that each of my friends had were great!  At Dinner, my favorite was the foie gras - it came in a jar!  But I didn't love my beef cooked sous-vide  (which was the offered alternative to their pork belly that had run out that night).  it was alright but not amazing.  Oh... and the one dish i remember was not so good was the gnocchi...
5	My friend and I went to Vegas a couple weeks ago and ate at the some of the best rated restaurants - Nobu, Postrio.  I have to say that brunch at Buchon was by far the best meal of our trip.  We stayed at the Venetian and stumbled onto Buchon one morning.  The service was excellent, the food delicious, and the prices weren't terrible.  I had the smoked salmon baguette, which was beautifully presented with fresh baked mini baguette.  My friend had the croque monsour, which she loved.  We also had the beignets, which were good, but nothing too special.  I guess I was expecting New Orleans-type beignets, and Buchon's were basically cake doughnuts.  Still good, just not what I had in mind.Overall, Buchon was great.  I would definitely go there again.
5	I'm not a name dropper in reviews, however, I have to give credit where credit is due. When you're visiting Las Vegas, Ryan L. is the man who knows where to go. And he definitely wasn't wrong about breakfast at Bouchon. Nestled in a more remote section of the Venetian, overlooking their smaller pool, it's a little taste of subdued French Bistro dining right in the heart of Las Vegas. Serene and absolutely lovely. We dined outside on the patio and basically had the place to ourselves... which is not surprising at 8 am on a Thursday in Las Vegas. Hell, when we were walking to breakfast, there were oodles of girls in sequined mini dresses still shooting craps in the Venetian casino, but I digress. My simple scrambled eggs, bacon, brioche toast and croquettes with an iced coffee on the side (it IS 107 degrees in Vegas in July, you know) was done perfectly. The croquettes, my favorite part of the meal, were so incredibly smooth and creamy on the inside, I wanted to swoon. Right at my table. In front of a colleague. Yes, that good. Pricey? Sure. It's Vegas, baby! Everything is decedent, outlandish and off the charts unreasonably priced. But you gotta eat, right? So why not do it in style at Bouchon?
5	It was weekend , no reservation, but the host was kindly enough to squeeze us in during busy dinner hour with only 20 mins waiting.  Food was good.   We started with rabbit terine, 1/2 dz oysters.  Main course were: steak frites and pork belly  (day boat scallops were sold out...bummer)  Deserts: profiteroles and chocolate mouse. The service was excellent.   The waiter was very friendly  and informative.
2	Bouchon fell flat for me.  I put off writing this review for a few weeks because I feel a bit guilty for dissing the restaurant of someone who is considered one of the best chefs in the country.  But, the purpose of Yelp is to give real unbiased reviews, so here goes...The positive:  The host staff was great.  My boyfriend and I were meeting his friend for dinner, and another restaurant won by popular vote.  But, as it turns out, they have a ridiculous reservation/cancellation policy so we bailed on that one.  Next came Bouchon.  We weren't given any hassles, and they were very accommodating when we called to say that we may be a few minutes late for our reservation.  The decor of the place was beautiful, and the paper on the tables was a nice touch.  It was a nice mix of French elegance and casual sensibility - which I guess is what a French bistro is exactly supposed to be.  The bus boy deserves a mention as well.  He actually was the highlight for me..  he accidently filled my glass with tap water instead of bottled (this was not a big deal to me - I would've been fine with that) but he felt so bad and was so apologetic that he kept bringing us fresh bottles throughout the night to make up for it.Now for the negative.  Both items I ordered were under seasoned.  The meal would've been 10x better if salt had been invited to the party.  The onion soup was the first offender - I love onion soup, and was really excited to try it here as well.  I was disappointed to say the least.  I should admit that I'm not the biggest fan of veal (or veal stock) so I'm sure that added to it, but I just didn't think it was that good.  At all.   I ordered the roast chicken as my entree, and had high hopes for this as well.  Keller's  brine recipe gets rave reviews, so I thought this was going to be the most delicious roast chicken I had ever tasted.  It wasn't.  Again, it needed salt.   The chicken itself was very tender and had a nice crispy skin, but the corn and potatoes it was served with were a big let down.  There wasn't enough of a difference between the two in flavor and texture to make it an winning dish.  Lardons and mushrooms were also in the mix, but to me this dish was just boring.  Chicken, corn and potatoes.  My mom can make that, and she doesn't cook.  The service also lacked.  Our waiter was mostly absent, and when he was around he didn't really seem to want to be.  My original thought was to order the gnocchi, but I second guessed myself (gnocchi in a French restaurant?!) so I asked his opinion and he said to go with the roast chicken, hands down.  That's another strike against him, haha.  If I could do it over again, I'd skip Bouchon for dinner and maybe go for brunch instead.
5	Chocolate Espresso Martinis for breakfast - YES! and YUM! I did breakfast Vegas style baby!Their Quiche was amazing. I had that the first morning. The second morning they did not have any since it hadn't baked to perfection and so the chef refused to send it out to the table. Nice :)Because I could not have the Quiche, I chose the Salmon Baguette with Chive Cream - was lovely and the fish was fresh. The little french donuts were outstanding as well (Beignettes?) served with house made jam and Nutella - yum. I definitely recommend this for breakfast over any other crappy Vegas buffet. Bouchon is a pleaser and situated in the Venezia so it is quite pleasant.
4	I love the interior. The mirrors and echoes of clinking cutlery are quintessential Brasserie.Waxing poetic aside, the French toast was good, if cloying. They make a terrible Cafe au lait. However, anyone who gives me a fresh baguette wins me over.
5	I think I have found my new favorite breakfast place in Vegas!I was staying at the Palazzo and was given a coupon for 15% off at Bouchon.  I was hungry on Saturday morning and did not want to travel too far, so Bouchon it is.I really enjoyed the decor and the relaxed yet elegant atmosphere.  They drop off fresh French bread to your table that is served with butter and homemade jam.  I am not a fan of jam, but my boyfriend couldn't get enough of it.  I was already sold on this place drinking fresh squeezed OJ and eating the bread.My boyfriend had the Breakfast Americaine, and I ordered the chicken and waffles.This is no Roscoe's chicken and waffles; it's MUCH MUCH better.The chicken was roasted and came with a delicious sauce.  The waffles had bacon and chives, which sounded questionable, but totally worked with this dish.  It was accompanied by warm maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla butter.  YUMMMMMMMMMMMI am definitely making this a staple for every Vegas trip.
3	OH im so disappointed at you bouchon!  as one of my favorite brunch restaurant, i was looking forward to eating here ALL weekend!  First the service was horrible today!  We waited about 30 minutes and was asked whether we wanted to sit outside.  The hostess made it seem like the weather was really nice and breezy with shade that fully covered our table.  We decided we didn't want to wait any longer and agreed to sitting outside.  OMG it was freaking hot.  There was some shade, but the heat was very unbearable.  The heat rays were penetrating through the umbrella and my head was burning hot.  To make it worse it took 10 minutes to bring ice water to our table.  as we were melting  away i wanted to get the water myself since the pitcher was only 5 feet away... we asked to be moved inside and 15 minutes later the waiter came back and told us we had to wait because there are tables inside that are being given to other guests who were waiting for a table.. wtf???The food of course is always delicious except for my mushroom quiche..  It tasted way too soggy and did not hold itself well.  The mussels and fries was very good and as always the corned beef hash was good, except it doesn't come in the cast iron pan anymore.. boo =(  it probably was too heavy for the waiters to carry.   They also forgot my friends coffee and orange juice.  its ok, i still love you bouchon, but please give me better service next time.
4	Amongst the copious 'fine dining' restaurants in Vegas, Bouchon does it right.They have that 'wow' and surprise hidden in their dishes that you don't get in often in Vegas fine dining. Too many places serve the same old steak or seared poisson in a very generic fashion. Bouchon would have none of this.  Everything from the appetizers, entrees and desserts was delicious. I had the beef conssume (a soup) with oyster half shell, lamb, and bouchon with ice cream for desert.  Be weary of the sea bass if they still serve it, it's not up to par.The napa hall is a great wine to have with your meal. Service was excellent. Can't wait to try it for breakfast sometime.
3	4 of us showed up for dinner - with a reservation - decked out and feeling a little out of place amongst the senior citizens with the Hawaiian shirts and the shorts. We were dressed for the place - they were certainly *not*.I shared the pate with everyone at the table, got the leg of lamb, and shared the cheese plate with everyone too. My girlfriend got the roast chicken which was delectable (and arguably more food than my more expensive lamb.) My other friend got the confit de canard. We split a carafe of wine -- the total came to something over $200... To be expected, I suppose.The waiter was very nice, and trained in French style waiter-ing, involving the classic "bread crumb scraper" at the end of every course. He was also understanding when we had a bit of a spill - he covered it up very nicely with a couple napkins.In all honesty, I did enjoy coming to this place, in the moment...But, later, when the food had been digested and I'd thought some more about it, I realized it wasn't as good as I was hoping it to be. I thought about my local French go-to place, Liaison in Berkeley, and they had much better food, and a much larger variety. The only thing that Bouchon has over Liaison is that it is a much more rustic, much more "Paris in the 19th century" kind of place, while Liaison is decidedly modern looking.I give Bouchon what I consider a solid 3 stars. I can't shake the feeling that Bouchon is a place that people go to to be *introduced* to French food - it isn't a great place for those who appreciate it in its entirety already.P.S. Why the hell are you all raving about French fries? At a French restaurant? You know they're not actually *from France*, right? Get a grip on your menu choices!
4	Dinner here is expensive. You know that coming in, because you're eating at a French restaurant at the Venetian (why does the Venetian have French restaurants anyway? You'd think they'd all be Italian...). But the food is pretty legit, even if the people dining here are not.I ordered the Poulet Roti. It was more than I expected. Two pieces of chicken, on top of sweet corn kernels, button mushrooms, fingerling potatoes, and lardons (which looked like bacon to me). It was really, really good. The corn brought out the flavors of the chicken, and the potatoes and mushrooms gave it just the right texture. The lardons were good at breaking up the taste and texture of chicken (which, I'll admit, isn't one of my favorite kinds of meat). I ordered this because of all of other types of food the chicken came with, and I clearly made the right choice. Altogether, it made a very delicious package. I paired it with the Pinot Gris, which was $11 for a glass, but went very well with the chicken.The service was good, the decor was good, and the food I ordered was definitely worth my while (and the price!). My only complaint is that the dessert menu was a little lacking in interesting. Not a single creme brulee on the menu! But, I guess given how much was spent on the main course, it's for the best that I didn't order dessert.
5	My wife and I went to Bouchon for my birthday. I have heard great things from others and the Bouchon book is great, so I have been wanting to go for sometime. The restaurant is not easy to find, but asking the less than friendly Venetian security we found it. The dinning room is beautiful with its high ceilings, ornate tile floors, long dark wood bar, with a raw bar at one end. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and guided us through. Every table starts off with a fresh Baguette to share and warm pistachios. Everything on the menu looked appetizing. There are several items on the menu that are not seen on many menus today like a charcuterie plate, which was great to see. We started off with the special, Sweet Carrot Soup with Almond Butter, then the Cold Mussels. This was my first try at cold mussels and they were fantastic; served on ice with dijonnaise. For entrees we ordered a Braised Lamb Shank and Roasted Chicken. They say one of the true tests of a chef is their roasted chicken, and this one was excellent; sweet crispy skin and juicy. It wasn't any thing special or different but it was cooked perfectly. The shank also was excellent; a deep rich flavor, fall-off-the-bone tender. I wasn't feeling wine that evening so I opted for the Moose Drool beer from Montana. Surprisingly this beer was a great compliment to the lamb shank. I was expecting a pint, but they only serve an 8oz portion of beer...figures. We turned down dessert but they knew it was my birthday so they brought out their trio of ice creams on brownies. The house made ice creams (chocolate, vanilla and basil) were delicious and the brownies were slap your mama good! They also sent us a coffee pot de creme, which for a non coffee drinker, this was tasty. Bouchon is a great restaurant. The menu is a perfect compliment to the dinning room itself or vise versa; it's not pretentious, simple and done well. Service is gracious and unnoticed.
4	Went here for a nice Sunday brunch with the girls...our last meal for our girlie Vegas trip!  I gotta say I'm glad we saved the best for last!I was extremely pleased to find that they had bellinis in the menu...I usually get mimosas with brunch, but having a bellini is just extra-special.  They served it at just the perfect temperature, perfectly chilled with just the right ratio of white peach puree to champagne (I prefer mine to have more champagne flavor than peach).  I can actually taste the champagne, and it seems like they use quality stuff, unlike the cheapo stuff that is mixed in with most champagne cocktails.  What an awesome last drink to have in our last meal...5 stars for the bellini!We were absolutely starving, and I was very grateful that they gave us some freshly baked bread and butter to start.  I don't know if it was just because we were hungry, but the bread was absolutely awesome...nice and warm, perfectly crusty on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside, with just the right amount of sweetness.  Actually, it was still good even after I was full, since I kept picking away at it long after I finished my entree.  5 stars for the bread!For my entree, I had the french toast with a side of the bacon.  I gotta say this was a disappointment to me...it looked so pretty and fancy, but it tasted more like bread pudding than french toast, and I kind of miss the crunchy edges of regular french toast.  It was a little too much on the sweet side, I usually put a minimum amount of syrup to my pancakes/french toast normally, so having a generous amount of syrup already in the dish made it a little too sweet for my tastes in a breakfast dish.  If I had known it would be more like a dessert, I probably would have stuck to my other choice of the croque madame.  The bacon, was well...bacon!  It was crispy and cooked well...can't really say anything bad about bacon ever, even if it's not cooked perfectly.  3 stars for the main dish.The service was definitely a cut above other restaurants we had been to on this trip, though still not as great as some other fine-dining places I've been to.  I give them some slack though since it was brunch which is a lot less formal meal anyway.  They were a little slow bringing me my second Bellini, but they refilled our water glasses promptly and were very friendly.  4 stars for the service.Next time, it might be nice to try their dinner, but I would go back for brunch again if it meant I can have more of their yummy bellinis.
5	A consistently excellent dining experience.  Though Thomas Keller has probably not set foot in the place for years, his aura clearly remains in the service and attention to detail.  Little things like the bread and butter are excellent, but Keller goes one step further throwing in a handful of still-warm house-roasted pistachios.  I played it safe this time, having my favorites-- oysters to start and the steak frites entree.  Both were excellent as usual.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.The only negative s something they have no control over-- the customers-- decked out in flip-flops, way-too-short-shorts, or obnoxiously loud shirts.  Ahhh Vegas.P.S.  The breakfast and brunch rock as well.
4	Amazing, outstanding, astounding, inspired, original, creative, delicious, expensive though. It's still cheaper than The French Laundry. There was this rib thing, I don't even remember what it was called, but I do recall it being probably the single greatest beef experience I'd had in a long time. There was also a layered veal thing, sorry the names elude me, that was just plain great. You can't go wrong here. It's just too good. Too exciting and creative.
3	Bouchon was one of the restaurants I was eager to try in Las Vegas with much anticipation for it is a Thomas Keller restaurant. Sadly, I must say it was quite disappointing.We came here for Sunday Brunch and decided to enjoy our meal on the patio outside even though it was 90 degrees. In the beginning it was fine, but as the sun hit high around 12 noon, our butter began boiling in the heat, which was quite interesting. The brunch menu was boring and disappointing. There wasn't anything that jumped out and made us think "wow, I want to try that" or "that sounds goood!"- Peach Soup: served cold, light, refreshing, tasted like a smoothie- Beignets: too much sugar coating, a bit dry, nutella & cherry jam sauces were nothing special- Omelette Du Jour: bland, very simple - a few peppers, onions and that was it, sausage & toast were okay- Croque Madame: bread, ham, cheese - not bad, fries were thin & good- Bloody Mary: delicious! nice blend of spices, stuffed olives were goodThe service I have much to complain about. For this type of restaurant, I expect good service. Our server didn't seem to care at all about us and had numerous no-no's. The busser was more attentive to us than he was.#1 - He didn't even tell us the specials, we overheard him telling another table and had to inquire about it to find out. #2 - After starting with the beignets, no one changed or cleared our plates or silverware.#3 - Our entrees came and we finally told them to take the small bread plates away. They proceeded to tell us to keep our forks & knives, which were covered with nutella & cherry jam sauce and sugar from the beignets. Are you serious?!?! Proper etiquette is to bring new silverware, not leave sauce drenched ones to use for the entrees!#4 - I ordered egg whites, but it came regular with yokes. I asked our server and all he said was "oh." Then proceeded to take my plate away. No apology, no explanation, just "oh." 10 minutes later, my omelette comes back. I didn't care that he forgot to put egg whites in my order, but the way he handled the situation was unprofessional.The food was not bad, it was okay, but nothing special. However, the bad service just killed the whole experience. Maybe I had a stroke of bad luck and bad service or should have gone for dinner instead of brunch or maybe I'm too accustomed to San Francisco's fine dining establishments where food and service are set high. I don't think I would come to this location again, but perhaps I'll try the one in Yountville.
4	Bouchon is one of those restaurants that perplexes me. The service is impeccable, the oysters are fresh, and the food is really good. However, I cannot give it that 5th star because nothing about the restaurant's food stands out per se (no pun intended Mr. Keller).I've been to Bouchon twice and both times I sat at the bar. I also happened to get the same bartender and this guy is so on top of his game that you would think he has been doing this his whole life. He is a courteous chap with a pleasant demeanor and offers good recommendations all around.The first time I went, I had the french onion soup, the moules frites, and the pot de creme. Each dish was delicious and the french onion soup was especially good. The second time, I had a half dozen oysters (really, really good), duck confit, and pork belly. The confit was a bit disappointing though it was cooked as well as any confit I have ever seen yet it was still a tad dry on the inside and a bit flavorless. I wasn't a big fan of the pool of nectarine juice it was swimming in either and that did not make up for the dryness.I highly recommend the Moules Frites. It is simply a bowl of mussels with a very flavorful white-wine/saffron sauce and a batch of really good french fries.The lemon tart was not so great. It was too tart and the texture wasn't anything special. This is something that I know folks can make better at home.Overall the experience was great. I love Thomas Keller and his creations. I love the service and atmosphere of the restaurant itself. It isn't overly crowded and sitting at the bar is always fun when you have a good bartender. However, I cannot offer that fifth star to Bouchon because I'm sure it's food can be so much more (and this is a restaurant review no?). Maybe next time...
4	I had the pleasure of dining at Bouchon last week for the first time.  Will I go back?  Certainly.  My beet salad was wonderfully refreshing, the moules frites excellent, and creme brulee great (can you really f-up creme brulee?  I hope not).My husband had the french onion soup and blood sausage.  Both were exceptional. The service is top-notch and we will certainly be back again next year.  I didn't quite have same the earth-shattering experience that Tony Bourdain had over the frites- they were good, but got a little soggy as the meal wore on...  However, I was quite pleased that I finally found a restaurant on the strip that could make a gin fizz.  Bouchon is worth the stinky walk through Venetian for a great meal.
5	This place completes me.  :-)I only had one meal here, so the 5 stars is based solely on that one, brunch meal.  I had chicken and waffles at Bouchon for brunch.  The chive and bacon waffles melted in the mouth. The butter and syrup were exquisitely creamy and sweet, respectively. The gravy for the chicken was UNREAL...I have not since my grandmother's cooking had such excellent gravy.  The chicken was a divine poultry.  Service wasn't fast, but this was a good thing.  The staff smiled, served, chatted in harmony with the bustling room of eaters.  You MUST eat here in Vegas.  It is the best food I've had in months.
3	The bread, fries, and the sweet corn soup were good.  We ordered the duck and some kind of chicken for entrees.  Those dishes were just ok.  Overall, for the price, the food is decent.
5	Good food and good service.The ServiceOur server, Paul, was more entertaining than some of the shows in vegas.  Aside from joking around - he directed us towards good items, discouraged my wife from ordering salmon, because he knew thats what she "always orders everywhere else" and joked around taking pictures.  When we tried to order a chocolate souffle for desert, he emphatically said "no" and demanded that we order the off-menu special "bouchons - cork shaped double chocolate brownies with a trio of ice cream".  If his personality had been slightly different -this probably would have *really* rubbed me the wrong way - but given his personality, and the service he'd provided us with through our meal - his strange behavior just sort of seemed to make sense.  We ordered the Bouchons.THE FOODUpon being seated - we were served excellent bread with butter and mustard and warm pistachios.  The pistachios were a neat idea and a lot of fun. Being the low-end wine drinkers that we are - we ordered a carafe of house wine - and were satisfied with it.  As first courses - we ordered the country pate and the duck leg - both were excellent.We ordered the fries with our mains.  After watching the episode of "no reservations" in las vegas and seeing Tony Bourdain fall in love with the fries made us feel obligated.  They were probably the most forgettable about the meal.  Just fries...My wife had the duck breast - which was excellent and perfectly cooked.  I had the leg of lamb with ratatouille.  The lamb was tasty, but i felt like the portion should have been a lot larger.  Desert-  we ordered the signature desert - at Paul, our server's insistance.The brownies weren't anything that special - but they were served with a trio of ice cream.  One of the flavors, cinammon - was fantastic - and really made the whole plate worthwhile.
5	Wow, this place doesn't mess around with their chicken and waffles.  The chicken is roasted to perfection, they put bits of bacon in the waffle batter, and it comes with the most devine vanilla syrup ever.  This place has some of the best french bread I've ever had and their chocolate "bouchons" (basically chocolate cake in small cylinder shapes) go perfectly with the three different ice creams served on top.
5	I went here for brunch because I heard that their Croque Madame sandwich was really good and because Anthony Bourdain claims that they have the best fries in the world. I wasn't disappointed one bit! The sandwich rocked and the fries were really good and crispy (http://bit.ly/1mfckbP). For dessert I had the beignets (http://bit.ly/1q1MOto). While they weren't exactly New Orleans style, they were very decadent, especially with the chocolate dip it came with.  My waiter was very attentive and gave me great service.  I can't wait to go back there to try their Chicken and Waffles.
1	I had wanted to try this place so bad because of the famous name associated with it and I had never been to any of Thomas Keller's restaurants. M bf and I came here for brunch since thats what its known for. The service was SOOOOO slow. Everything came out one thing at a time. And the place was not even packed! We got the gourmet chicken and waffles which we thought were not that great. This kind of ruined my image of the name so I'm not sure if I will be too enthusiastic to try any of the other affiliations.
5	Bouchon ranks in my top 5 list, if not number 1,as best breakfast of all time. My mother and I were stumped on what to order, particularly after hearing the specials, because everything sounded so good. Our waited was very nice and patient with us and eventually talked us through our ordering dilemma. I ordered the French Toast and my mother ordered the Croque Madame. I'd order both of these again in a heartbeat. The French toast was stacked rounds of brioche alternated with apples surrounded by maple syrup. Definitely not your regular every day diner French toast. I'd never had or seen a croque madame before but this was a savory breakfast dream. There was ham, cheese and a fried egg all in a small cast iron pan with this creamy cheese white sauce. Along with that where perfectly cooked potatoes and some toasted brioche to dip in the delicious combination.
5	I've always liked Bouchon even in NYC.  It's authentically French!  The best you'll ever get in that league.  The croissants are truly croissants and not crescents.  Start pronouncing them as "Kwo-sung"
5	10th floor of the Venetian (they've got to hide it from the regular folk, dontcha know?). The service was impeccable! The mixed green salad ($11) was a good size for such a fancy place and had a Balsamic vinaigrette dressing, but every bite was bitter.  (That's the unspoken rule--the fancier the restaurant, the smaller the portion.  But oh, so beautifully arranged!). The dessert we chose was brownie squares filled with liquid chocolate and topped with tiny (read: bourgeois) ice cream balls ($12), and it was pretty good.  But why the 5 star rating?  The chicken!!! ($29.50) It is cooked in some mushroom and bacon fat and bacon heavenly concoction!  Whoever thought of this deserves a freakin' medal.  (an EXPENSIVE medal!)  Did I mention that the three people at the table who tried this "Poulet" all said, "This may be the best piece of chicken I have ever had!"And did I mention the mean Kettle One Dirty Martinis that they serve? ($12.50 each) ...and worth every penny!  : )
4	Since my friends and I were staying at the Venetian, this restaurant was a convenient location for some higher end brunch.We were seated outside, where the atmosphere was relaxing and quiet.  Service was impeccable, as expected from a fancy restaurant like Bouchon.  My friends would probably give an extra star for service since they were crushing on one of the waiters.We didn't order the beignets or chicken and waffles or the other signature dishes (since we didn't know to order those).  However, we were still quite satsified with our choices.Quiche Du Jour: The flavor of the day was roquefort cheese and leek.  This crustless quiche came in just one slice, but it was quite enough.  It was moist and tasty, but I realized then that I wasn't a huge fan of blue cheese, and any more would have had me vomiting.Crab Cake Benedict: I tasted a bit of my friend's crab cake, and it was quite flavorful and tasty.  The potatoes were...potatoes.Omelette Du Jour: I didn't try any of the omelette, but the brioche was good.  But when is brioche NOT good?Over-priced, but you pay for the good service and the relaxing ambiance.  And maybe the cute waiter, too.
5	I'm speechless, really. Buchon is beyond delightful. I can't wait to go back and try the other authentically French dishes! Our waiter was very formal initially, but became comical as soon as he became comfortable with our party of four. What a grand experience!We tried all of their five specials (we were there for the July 4th weekend), and I decided I had two favorites - the white asparagus with strawberries and truffles, and the pan seared, mouth-watering beef tenderloin over potatoes au gratin and confit portobello....absolutely divine. I wish I can eat those potatoes over and over again - it was that divine. We also ordered the pan seared salmon and the duck leg confit; both were delicious as well. Too bad we ran out of time to order dessert (we were running late to watch the Phantom of Opera, which was, by the way, a great show and I wish we sat in the front row!! Very entertaining!).We are surely coming here again to try desserts and other authentic dishes that Chef Thomas Keller has to offer!
4	We came here for brunch one morning after staying up all night for a friend's bachelor party. Brunch was really good. We had a bunch of the pastries to start out. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and it was fantastic. Going to hit this place next time I'm in town for dinner for sure.
4	i had my friends eggs benedict leftovers after a long long night of drinking...wow that shiet was tastey....the bouchon kiosk in the venetian is damn good too...the croissants wow
3	eh, nothing special. Maybe I was expecting more from Thomas Keller, but seeing a rather normal breakfast/brunch menu was a little bit of a letdown.We had a party of 7 which they sat after quite a wait, even at 1pm on a Saturday. Our server was proper... but not quite friendly or efficient. He brought out the french bread and jam/butter but no bread plates were to be found for at least 10 minutes later. I guess that's what they have crumb scrapers for..? so they can save a bit of dish washing? I did enjoy the jam though, tasted like apricot to me.. very pleasant.I opted for the Croque Madame since a friend told me it was one of their "specialties" and everything else on the menu seemed normal. Other orders at the table: Corned Beef Hash, Tuna Salad Sandwich, Summer Butternut Squash Soup, and their "famous" French Toast. Our waiter said, and I quote, "People from all around the world fly in just for our French Toast because it's that amazing." What a way to hype something up!30 minutes later (literally) our food comes out. My Croque Madame was tasty (toast, ham, cheese, fried egg, creamy sauce served with fries) but WAY too heavy. I tasted a lot of butter with the toast, along with the saltiness from the ham and greasiness of fried egg all drenched in a cream sauce? with FRIES? It's quite delicious at first but after a few bites in it gets on the heavy side. Not to mention I think my waist grew an inch after brunch.From what I heard: All the other meals were just okay. Nothing special and overpriced. Would my friend fly from half way around the world to order to French Toast? His answer: no. Everyone's conclusive responses of "meh" summed it up.Our waiter was pretty much non-existent, letting his helpers do all the work in refilling drinks and bussing plates. So I guess waiters here only take the order and drop off the check? Plus he was guaranteed a 20% gratuity so what did he care? My plate plus an OJ cost $30 alone. Ouch!Second French establishment in Vegas that was a semi-fail.. first being Mon Ami Gabi. The theme: mediocre food at a hefty price tag.Am I willing to give French dining in Vegas a 3rd try? I'll let you answer that one.
4	Breakfast at the Bouchon - absolutely lovely.Started with the pastry basket - their strawberry croissant is a MUST!!!Croque Madame is delish~  Their french toast is unique and also very tasty.
3	I was soooo excited to come to this restaurant but I wasn't too happy when I left... sadly. I wish I could give it a 3.5 stars because I feel like 3 doesn't give it justice. Let me just say, Anthony Bourdain is so right to have chosen Bouchon as having the best fries ever, because yeah, the fries were pretty amazing, perfectly crispy, perfectly salted, so yummm.I got the Croque Madame which was good, a little too buttery for me, but that's just a French thing, but don't get me wrong it was very good and very crisp. One friend got the steak rare and it came out almost completely raw, which was a little sad. Service wasn't as good as I expected it to be but I have a feeling that eating in the Las Vegas location rather than the original Yountville location might have made a difference on my experience.
4	As I walked in I felt like this place we very fancy but the people were not pretentious at all. Their service was excellent and their food was yummy.This place is great for groups since they have quite a few round tables like Asian restaurants or smaller more intimate areas for couples etc. I came in for breakfast and so that is all I can review them on. The hostess recommended the Croque Madame... and I was not disappointed. It is a fancier version of a eggs benedict. I usually do not order benny's but the differences were enough for me to order and enjoy it. A bit oily but since you are in LV... do it!! A trout for breakfast? That was all I could think as my friend ordered this item. As common LA folk (hahaha) we didn't know hwat all the facny words meant but basically it was a trout with green beans and almond pieces. While it doesn't sound amazing (and it has its head, not a fillet if you are squemish) it was very good. Florentine quiche with a side salad was amazing! I never like quiches but this savory custard melted in my mouth. Oh my goodness. Get it if you do not like fried items like the croque madame. Over all our bill was 98 for four girls and 5 glasses of various juices. They also serve a special bread with butter and a special preserve. You must try the preserves even if all you want is rich butter! It is quite tasty and different... like a secret mix of spices and fruit. Not quite strawberry and not quite orange marmalade. Sadly, the bread was no hot... and I was disappointed more so when some of it was ice cold. But being hungry/hung over/tired this is a eloquent place to eat.
5	AMAZING BREAKFAST!!!! I wish they had one in NYC!!! thomas keller...PLEASEEEE OPEN ONE IN NYC! loved the pastries, especially the strawberry croissant and cheese danish. decor is all right but who cares when u have such delicious omelet and french toast. only bad thing is it's kinda tricky to get to the actual restaurant, but GAH!! LOVE ITTTT
5	How good can Tomas Keller get?  Bouchon good!.  Although I have never been to French Laundry, I can only imagine it would be fabulous after eating at Bouchon.I was there three times in the last month and have reservations to go again next month.  The lamb and ratattoulle dish was delish.  If you don't like a gamey taste, you might not like it.  It has a small hint of game, most people who tried it said they couldn't taste it.The Croque Madamme looked amazing!  and it tasted amazing.  It's pretty rich so it might be something you can share.I also had the Trout.  It was good, but not my favorite.  Cooked well, and paired well with a light sauce.For breakfast I had the Au Gratin.  This was by far the best dish I had there.  scallop potatoes are served on the side, while the main part of the dish is served in a small cast iron pan keeping warm a creamy, cheesy, oh so delicious treat.  It was a deconstructed au gratin that should not be challenged.  Can you tell I liked it? :)The service was excellent.  The first time I went for a large party and they gave us the private dining room, which usually has a 2000 min, since no one had booked it.  When we were there for breakfast, they were VERY slow, but they knew it. (they were having a little trouble with the homemade Brioche being ready).  So they gave us complimentary pastries, 5 pieces, and free espresso.  Over all great meal.  that's why we're going back again.
5	I'm keeping this review short since there are so many to review from.Service - 5 starsFood - 5 starsPrice - 4 stars (a bit pricey but you get what you pay for so to speak)We were recently in Vegas celebrating my boy's bachelor party.  We came in with a party of 10 and were instantly greeted and seated.  They gave us some pistachios and bread to start with.  Try the bread with a little butter and their home made mustard.  The combo sounds kinda weird, but it's killer!To warm the taste buds, I ordered the cream of mushroom.  It was very tasty but nothing extraordinarily different.  However, for my main course, I ordered the sirloin steak sous vide with vegetables.  Mid order, I asked the waiter if I could swap the veggiies for fries.  He said, the order comes with the veggies but that he'd bring 3 baskets of fries for our group on the house.  And as for the steak, it was vacuumed sealed to capture the juices....and it definitely tasted that way.  Juiciest Sirloin ever!  Cooked to perfection and was super tasty.
5	One of the best meals I've had in a while. Visiting Vegas, I HAD to have a fancy meal from one of these amazing chefs and picked Bouchon because the prices were still reasonable. we sat outside for dinner, in a perfect setting by The Venetian pool.started with the "Beignets de brandade de morue" (cod fritters), was amazing. The Gnocchi a la Parisienne were out of this world, and my friends were not disappointed either. The Andouille was great, and the trout a little less magic, but still good.
3	service - 2 stars food - 3.5 stars price - 3 stars a bit disappointment with this place especially given that this is a Thomas Keller restaurant. while it was nice that they were kid-friendly and accommodated us without reservations - the service was spotty at best. (how long does it take to get water?) unfortunately the drinks (martinis) were horrible - they 'tried' to make it better but failed miserably. for starters, we had the fresh oysters and shrimp cocktail - it was good and fresh. we also tried the calamari salad, croque madame (ham n cheese with frites), lamb and duck. we finished off with a variety of desserts - the profiteroles were a standout. overall the food was good, but not outstanding or memorable.
5	We were with a group of people who were guests of the Executive Chef. Mark Hopper. Let me say this was probably one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I have eaten all over the US and in MANY countries throughout the world...WOW. Mark took great care of our table and later in the evening came out to talk to the table. He shook hands with everyone at the table and thanked each of us personally for coming. He was genuinely charming and enthusiastic about his rest. and food creations. We had corn soup with currants and chive oil, figs with pepper gastrique and sweet peppers, oysters on the 1/2 shell, endive salad with sweetened nuts, a mushroom filled ravioli, fillet, the pork special, dark chocolate moouse and mint chip ice cream. I am obviously not describing the food to do it any justice....Sorry Mark. Everything was BEYOND DELICIOUS. The flavor of the mint chip ice cream was like sipping fresh mint tea...so refreshing. If I could Yelp more than 5 stars I would. I will probably never yelp 5 stars again after this meal.
4	My fella and I were staying at the Venetian and had enjoyed a dinner at Bouchon in Yountville before so we decided to pop into the Vegas Bouchon for Sunday brunch.We arrived around 1pm and, after about a five minute wait, were seated at a table across from the open patio door (the patio overlooks the pool of the Venetian's Venezia tower).Our server was a really pleasant, helpful guy who was on top of things throughout the meal.  We received our menus and he asked if we wanted a drink to start.  I asked for a St-Germain cocktail (not on the menu, which had your standard mimosa/bellini/bloody mary brunch fare) and he was a little unsure of what it was, but seemed ready make sure I got what I wanted.  He gave us time to peruse our menus and shortly thereafter we received a visit from, what I assume was the restaurant's booze expert.  He was also unsure about what exactly a St-Germain was (which was a little surprising) but offered to whip up some drinks for us.  The conversation was a little awkward and he didn't seem to want to take my word for what was in a St-Germain, but we wound up with two different cocktails using the liquor and they were very good.Anyway, I ordered some oysters, a very tasty sweet corn soup, the ouef and boudin blanc (which also comes with a croissant), and my boyfriend opted for the omelette o' the day.  Everything was very, very tasty.I'm always skeptical about Vegas branches of restaurants (and had a terrible experience at Boulud Brasserie at the Wynn), but Bouchon was great.  Very similar to the Yountville location all around (my review of which can be read here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bouchon-yountville#hrid:x-nz2MKu3fxuv1s02FC1UQ).  Good job, Thomas Keller.
5	Chicken and Waffles:Chicken is brined for 3 days, then pan-seared and finally roasted for 8 hours before being served with a light tangy mushroom/vegetable sauce next to 4 quarter waffles infused with bacon and chives with optional vanilla bean whipped butter and a sweet honey syrup.I would eat here again.
3	This is my second time coming to Bouchon.  I really wanted to love this place as so many people have raved about it.  But this time was not any different.  I was not OMG about the food.  I began my dining experience with some rustic bread. Shaped like a branch of leaves, it was perfectly salty but became sweeter as I worked it in my mouth.  I had a Brandy Alexander, a classic cocktail combining brandy, creme de cacao, half and half, and grated nutmeg. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my brother's as he uses vanilla ice cream instead of half and half and goes overboard with the nutmeg. :)The Beignets de Brandade de Morue appetizer was a bit disappointing.  It consisted of 3 beignets that were crispy golden on the outside and soft in the inside with a mash of cod.  Each rested on a sauce-reduced tomato and topped with a single deep-fried sage leaf.  The dish was incredibly salty.  Our server warned us that cod is a salty fish but I did not expect the taste to be so overpowering.  The acidity of the tomato did not help to balance out the saltiness and the sage had lost its unique herby taste.I, however, was very pleased with the sweet bread ravioli (appetizer of the day).  The sweet bread is not referring to "bakery bread" like I thought, but the thymus and the pancreas of a deer.  It was quite delicious and NOT weird.  The delicate raviolis were sandwiched between a bed of lentil beans and crispy peppery greens.  I did not think twice that I was eating some weird part of an animal. For my meal course, I had the roasted duck breast with red rice, cherries, and fennel.  The breast had a wonderfully crisp outer skin that had been finely cut with criss-crossing marks.  The meat below was tender and juicy.  I greatly enjoyed the fennel and cherries and wished I had more cherries for sweetness to offset the savory duck.  The rice was however a bit too grainy.We finished the meal with the server's favorite dessert.  It consisted of 3 cylinder brownies with butterscotch, mint, and chocolate ice cream on each.  They mimicked the shape of hot air balloons...very clever to match Bouchon's logo.  My favorite was the mint because it tasted different from the traditional mint ice cream that you get from Safeway.  It had more of a "green tea" hue and I could definitely taste the fresh mint.  My coworker swore it tasted more like marijuana.  I would have to agree.  Did I just type that?  Yes I did. Although the food was good, I cannot say I loved it.  Maybe the third time will be the charm.
3	Special of the Day... Chicken and Waffles... I just recently discovered the concept of Southern Chicken and Waffles not too long ago...so I figured I would try it Vegas style.  I thought it was fairly good.  I wasn't in heaven but it was good.  I didn't really try the sauce that went with it though.  It was probably the most expensive dish on the brunch menu ($25).  Friends had the steamed mussels with pomme frites which was good as well.  Would I come back?  Maybe not.. I would rather explore other restaurants.
2	way too salty. my husband ordered the french onion soup (ok - but, really, how can you go wrong with french onion soup?) and i ordered the garlic soup (salt overload!). for our main course he ordered the skirt steak and i got the monte cristo -- again SALTY. i think if you add too much salt, you're either hiding something or CANNOT cook! won't go back again...
4	I ate here twice on my recent trip to Vegas for me and my GFs anniversary. We had Brunch on a Sunday and then dinner on one of the nights. This review/score is for both meals. Brunch- We flew into Vegas on a Sunday morning and went to Bouchon right after checking into our room (around 1pm). There was a 10 minute wait, but that went by in no time. My gf had the Breakfast Americaine which was 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, and a pastry of her choice (we got the sticky bun). I have to admit the eggs portions were tiny, it looked really tiny! The sausage was really good though! The sticky bun was pretty good, it was sweet had pecans all over it. My GF liked her meal overall. I got the Corn Beef Hash with 2 eggs. The Hash was quite good, I got my eggs sunny side up and the were cooked perfectly. When I broke the yolk of my egg and it mixed into the hash, it was heavy but in a good way. The Hash itself was actually pieces of diced meat and not the dog food looking stuff most diners serve. The meal was definitely heavy and would have been perfect if I was hungover! The bread they served with our meal was great and tasted really good with their butter and raspberry/cherry jam. It was a good breakfast overall, a nice start to our trip in Vegas. My GF decided to treat me to a Bouchon dinner for our anniversary. We had dinner at Bouchon on a Tuesday night and we were promptly seated for our 7:30pm reservation. It's a really nice atmosphere, and just a nice ambiance. I got the Steak and fries, and my GF got the Mussels and fries. I had heard about these fries based on various reviews, and how Tony Bourdain loved them, so I was really looking forward to the most hyped fries in the world. I got to say they were good! I couldn't stop eating them, they were pretty addictive, they were salty and crisp. My steak was just ok, I guess I am just not a huge fan of a French cooked steak so I am sure it was my tastes and not the way it was cooked. I didn't really like the butter/onion they put on it, but otherwise it was good, cooked really well and to my specifications (medium). My gf liked her mussels and went to work on them like a madwoman. There are quite a bit of mussels in that bowl, she liked them and was quite happy with her meal. The service was really really great! I can't remember our server's name but she was really professional and friendly. The bus boy or I should say bus man was efficient and nice as well. Overall, it was a great experience both times, the food was excellent and the service matched. I would definitely recommend Bouchon to anybody visiting Vegas and wants to have a nice meal.
3	I had dinner with friends here with high expectations because of all the recommendations...The french onion soup was salty, and my trout was pretty good but everyone else's dish left them unhappy, so it wasn't such a great dinner...I've heard the brunch is good though.
4	It was good, but shockingly not my Last Supper meal.Let me start by saying that our waiter was the BEST!  He was attentive without being overly involved but always seemed to know what he needed.  He chose a wine for us and always chose our desserts.  What he chose was amazing.Our appetizers were UNBELIEVEABLE.  The mussels were fan-freaking-tastic and we all agreed that we could have easily ordered three orders of the mussels and eaten them for dinner.  The pate was perfect.  Dinner was odd.  My fiancee had three ideas of what he wanted -- our waiter told him he HAD to get the steak.  Steak??   We both looked quizzically at one another.  Steak??  And yes.  The steak was good but just a steak.  With fries.  No kidding.  Totally average meal.  I couldn't quite wrap my head around why anyone would tell you to order a *steak when there were other amazing foods on the menu.I had the duck.  I love duck.  This duck was a little chewier than the norm but the mushrooms paired with the huckleberry were a beautiful match.  Our friends dinner were good, but I was pretty happy with mine.Desserts were fabulous.  Worth checking out but now after reading these reviews, I would really love to check out the brunch.
4	Excellent creations of the delectable magnitude. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice and serene with the sounds of people EATING and enjoying food rather than hating it which is always a plus for me. Critics and food writers populate the bar and tables however its usually the people who eat there that decide whether its good or not. I found myself ecstatic about the dessert menu they had , god i love the ice cold metal engraved menu they had for it also. Im a dessert type person so just indulging into the "Bouchons" was the best thing to start off the night in vegas. I've also heard Bouchons breakfast was outstanding also. If youre visiting vegas anytime soon stop by and eat here but make sure to make reservations cause it can be a pretty hefty wait for the table but hey you can just order some wine and other alcoholic beverages to well yourself up for a great night. and make sure you order their famous FRIES!!!! hahaha man i love this place
5	Man, I love this place.It's the only restaurant I eat at every time I go to Vegas. I'm fixated on it for some reason.I only eat at the bar, and I always order steak frites and a beer. I will vary the appetizer, and I usually close with Pernod or Chartreuse -- 'cause they're French -- get it?  ;)I cannot explain why I behave so weirdly in this place, but man, I do not fight it.Love Bouchon!
5	Another fabulous experience here - this time with my parents along for the trip with us.  You are so full from breakfast you don't need to eat again until dinner!
5	We went for their Sunday Brunch and we left very happy. We had the Chicken and Waffles and the Black Truffle and Bacon Granat. The vanilla butter is soo good you want to bathe in it. The service was exceptional but what else would you expect?
2	Eh...I've experienced better.1) I thought this would be a classy place, but was corrected when I walked in and was seated next to a couple with a 2 yr old for our 8:30PM reservation. No offense to the kid, but not when I'm trying to have a nice night out. There were also 2 large parties of barely-21 year olds who were loud and first-timers in Vegas. Just killed my impression of a classy Vegas dinner.2) The food was good, but not amazing. Vegas has a ton of AMAZING restaurants so there's no need to settle for just "good."3) It was so loud in here! They had music playing and maybe because of that people felt the need to speak louder but it was so disturbingly loud. But...I did enjoy the fries. They got good fries.
2	Don't Believe the Hype.First, and most importantly, the food.  Visited in mid-September 2009. Ate at the bar since I was dining solo.  Started with a vesper cocktail, which was well-made.  Moved on to the soup of the day: roast pumpkin.  It was perhaps more seasonally appropriate to the Northern California Bouchon location, but it was still tasty.  However, I know that squash soups generally turn out OK so long as you don't burn the squash and you use a ton of cream (and it was clear from the coloration of the soup that a ton of cream had been used).  The main course veered off from my expectations by presenting me with trout amandine that tasted like cat food.  I'm not exaggerating: cat food.  To the restaurant's credit, the bartender realized that something was up and comped an order of fries for me after I had them take the trout away, but the magic was gone and my expectations definitely didn't connect with reality.Second, the location.  I don't know who thought putting this in the Venezia tower was a good idea, but they should be shot.  With the Palazzo built, the Venezia is now the overlooked middle sister of the Venetian properties.  As a result, you have to really know where this is, otherwise you'll never find it.  And even if you know how to get there, it's still a complete mystery as to exactly where in the universe you are, which is a tad disconcerting.  Third, the service.  The main bartender was competent but was also saddled with two trainees when I visited.  He also disappeared for about 30 minutes in the middle of the dinner rush on a Friday, and the trainees stood with their backs to the bar for the entirety of that time sampling wines.  Thank goodness for the other bartender (whose name I unfortunately didn't catch), who was very friendly and the hardest-working person I saw during my visit there.  Aside from that guy, the staff seemed a bit full of themselves, which is off-putting in a supposedly relaxed bistro-style setting, and also unjustified considering the quality of the food they're dishing out.
3	Hazel Q...my apologies for the lack of reviews lately.  I got a new job recently and have been quite busy.  I'll try my best to keep up in the future.We paid a visit to Bouchon because we heard great things about their brunch.  Although my memory a bit fuzzy, several years back, I did dine there and do remember the food to be quite good.My goal was to try 2 things, the brioche and their french fries.  Their brioche because the instant you step foot into Bouchon, you're slapped in the face by the smell of fresh, high quality brioche.  The aroma is heavenly.  Their fries because Anthony Bourdain said so.With this in mind, I decided on the Croque Madame.  It's basically a fancy French eggs benedict but with brioche and morney sauce instead.  It also came with a side of pommes frites, a fancy term for French Fries.  Because everything is so fancy, you end up paying fancy prices.  And if you pay fancy prices, you expect to get fancy tasting food and fancy service.The Croque Madame was good.  Everything came together nicely.  The ham was savory, the egg perfectly cooked, the morney sauce was rich and creamy, and the brioche was buttery with a flaky crunchy crust.  Very fancy!  Now Mr. Bourdain, about their fries.  It was way too salty for me.  I still think McDonalds and In-n-out have better "pommes frites".  But since I'm a pig, the saltiness didn't stop me from eating every single stick.Perhaps our waiter was having a bad day but he was absolutely horrendous.  It seemed like he brain was on vacation.  While the other waiters/waitresses were hustling, trying to provide speedy "fancy" service, our waiter was strolling around like he was in a museum.  And he was so freaking inefficient.  My wife ordered coffee and he would bring coffee, no cream or sugar.  After we asked for cream and sugar, he'll just bring the cream and 5 minutes later, the sugar.  My butt cheeks were flexed because he was making me so antsy!  Our brunch ended up taking 2.5 hours.  I don't care so much about the time but if I'm dishing out $20+ per plate for breakfast, I want better service.  That's not too unreasonable right?
4	Went there for dinner.  Our food was very good.  Kind of a French-fusion restaurant.  The service was excellent.  However, we went early (around 5:30) and there were only three other customers, so I don't know what the service is like with a full house.  The biggest stand out for us was their deserts.  The lemon tart was to die for, and some chocolaty, raspberry cake, goodness.  I can't recall the name, but it was wonderful.
4	Feeling lucky at the slot machines and want to blow your winnings on a delicious meal?  Bouchon is the place to go, tres bon!This bright and bustling bistro smells of fresh bread, butter, and dough (literally and figuratively).  From many friends' recommendations, I made my fiance take me to Bouchon for a fancy brunch before we left Vegas.  Nice and helpful service from our waitress; who warned that the Bouchon French Toast I was eyeing would border more on "dessert" than a breakfast.  Instead, she recommends the Chicken Waffle - chicken that's been roasted for 13 hours served with a bacon and chive waffle.  What's a hungry girl to do with such tantalizing options?  I order BOTH.  Bouchon French Toast - so decadent, moist, and sweet that your heart nearly stops beating.  Is it from the sinful joy?  The overdose of butter from the brioche and custard?  Possibly both.  Served warm with apple slices and surrounded in a sweet syrup, it's heavenly.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=-cq-gP1fWeO_CDgUAnIN9QChicken Waffle was also a savory dish.  After 13 hours, you can bet it was pretty damn tender!  It's served with a Tahitian vanilla bean butter, which is quite light with a hint of sweetness.  The bacon and chive waffle had a saltiness and light texture that complemented the chicken; though it was more of a lunch item than breakfast.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Ipb7CRbmMzLwTvoOu9ut9gThe highlight of my expensive, indulgent meal was the Strawberry Fields bubbly.  It's made with a rare fragoli wild strawberry liquer and albrecht cremant ( a brut rose).  Formerly only found in Europe (Italy and France), the fragoli wild strawberry liquer was recently released in the States.  After a hunt for strawberry wine in Italy, this was the first time I'd ever seen it in restaurants!  Served with bits of wild strawberries floating on the top, it was fresh with a slightly bitter berry aftertaste.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=FIdqskPmuUbaW1kSK_sBdgDespite being $90 poorer after the bill (including my fiance's juicy steak with pomme frites), I felt satisfied that I left Vegas having devoured one of the most exquisite brunches to date.  For a more affordable experience, don't be like my impulsive self and greedily order two breakfast items.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Bouchon for brunch on 9/19 and it was divine. The coffee, raspberry beignets (they do not scrimp on jelly!), croque madame, pommes frites, bacon (so much!), and french toast were unbelievable. The atmosphere was very relaxed and the staff were attentive and super friendly. We had a fantastic time and can't wait to head back.
4	My family and I had brunch at Bouchon and it was lovely.  We sat outside, near the Venezia Tower pool and garden (which is also lovely) on a beautiful morning.  It was my mom's birthday brunch so everyone ordered what they wanted, we ordered a few extra things, three of us had cocktails, and I still thought the overall cost was very reasonable, considering what we all had.My stepdad had the Moules au Safron, which was clearly the showstopper dish amongst all of them at the table.  It was beautifully presented in this really cool pot with a dipping section, and they were tender and flavorful and overall fabulous.  There were a ton of them and he cleaned them out (we all chipped in a bit).My friend and I both had the omelet of the day which was broccoli rabe and cheddar.  It was delicious.  It also came with a giant stack of super crispy and very tasty bacon and brioche.  Yum.Mom had the quiche of the day, which was spinach.  It was very good, too, but didn't come with anything on the side.My only real complaint is that the beignets we ordered were not light and puffed up beignets but really were like a plate of mini-donuts.  They tasted good and came with strawberry sauce and Nutella, but it was just not what I was expecting.Our drinks were also very good - coffee, bloody marys, mimosas - and the service was excellent, although we did end up waiting a bit to get our check.  But, the setting was so pleasant that we didn't really mind all that much.  I would definitely return; in fact, I look forward to it.
4	If my memory serves me correctly, I had a Croque Madame and orange juice. The croque madame is basically a croque monsieur (ham and cheese sandwich) with egg on top. Pretty d**m yummy. My friends enjoyed their food as well.Though the smoked salmon my friend had was pretty salty. The yogurt with granola was apparently really good as well.Also, if you buy food from the bakery downstairs, you can use your receipt to get 10% or something off the bill. Nice people at the table next to us gave us one of their receipts. :)
4	When i go to Vegas and i want to go out for a Nice Dinner, Bouchon is the place. You will be looking at a $100 for about 2 people, but why not spend it eating then loosing it at the Craps Tables. What i try to do is win gambling, and i call the meal a Comp from the Hotel.  If you are opened to trying new things, and dont care about what it is try the "faugra" (Duck Liver). Yes i know duck liver sounds good, but seriously it is like the best butter on your toast. $50 for 2-oz Jar of this stuff and you spread it on a type of toasted bread. All I have to say is "Thank You Venetian for Dinner" Just won $400 at the Craps Tables and wanted to find a way to give the money back to the hotel and casino. I am not a oyster guy, but i hear they are awesome here. Try there Slow Roasted Chicken and dont forget to get the fries (Trust Me)
3	Having been to Thomas Keller's other dining establishments, I was expecting the same high-quality experience.  This was not, this was Thomas Keller for the Las Vegas masses.The raw seafood platter was delicious - oysters, clams, lobster (yum).  But was surprised at the pedestrian-ness of the sauces (tasted like ketchup and mayonaise - when I expected something more interesting).French fries/frites - was good, but not as good as I have had at many other places.  Could have been fried again for a more crisp texture - became wilty too quickly.The salmon was executed well, medium rare and crisp on the outsideBone marrow - big disappointment.  We were all looking forward to it, but it was deep-fried mess.  It was not served in the original bone.  THe bone marrow was scooped out, breaded and deep fried.  It was disgusting, to say the least and only worse after it cooled down.  Of the six of us (2 servings ordered), only 2 of us could manage to finish it.brussel sprouts - good, but not difficult to execute in butterbroccoli rabe - disappointment, I've had fabulous rabe, and this was not. very bitter, and no real taste or texture.Moules (mussels) - done very well, delicious and fresh in a great, dippable white wine sauceThe best part of dinner? the wonderful bread and delicious butter.
3	REALLY wanted to love this place, but i was not impressed. My husband raves about it everytime he comes home from vegas so it was one of the first reservations we made when we planned our trip. nothing exceptional but not terrible. have to say that their epi bread is to die for.  my favorite part of a baguette is the end (extra crusty) and providing the wheat-shaped bread/epi loaf (with multiple "ends") instead of sliced baguette or rolls is perfect. started with some cold mussels and the breaded bone-marrow appetizer special.  i absolutely love me some bone marrow, but when she said it was breaded and fried, it made me think twice.  i should've listened to my gut (literally) and passed on that.  almost everything is better fried, but NOT bone marrow. just say no! keep it simple and traditional. the mussels were tiny and nothing special. my ribeye was perfectly cooked and delicious. husband had the steak frites, his usual, but it paled in comparison to the ribeye.  obviously they are different cuts of beef, but my husband mentioned that they were having an off night.  the frites were perfect.  no dessert because we were full of frites and we didn't want to risk a hit/miss dessert.  we wanted to try bouchon bakery downstairs anyways. had very high hopes and expectations for our meal, but it was just ok.  i might like to try them again for brunch, but with all the other choices in vegas i most likely won't be back to bouchon. unfotunate.
4	yummy pomme frites here.  we came here for brunch, but i was stuffed from the night before, so i just had the granola and yogurt.  i did try some pomme frites, my friend's mushroom soup, black truffle risotto, and the bread pudding french toast.  the french toast was interesting, as it was more like a dessert, but it was pretty good.
4	My croque madam addiction started here.
4	I definitely over hyped my expectation before visiting. After all, we only visited during Brunch hours.It is an excellent bakery with good service and extensive wine list. The croissant was out of the world that day. Everything else was just blah for the price. The clam was very tender indeed.Chicken and waffle isn't very impressive.home made white sausage taste like spam. So, please do yourself a favor and treat it like a bakery in brunch hours and order some bread.
5	Yum yum yum, this place was wonderful.Bouchon is everything you expect from fine dining, without the pressure of acting snotty and getting super dressed up.  It has the kind of service you'd expect when paying approximately $50 per person.  I never had an empty water glass [they leave a bottle of water on the table, but you never have to fill it yourself.... they keep coming to fill up your glass].  They clean the bread crumbs off your table between courses.  They make suggestions for food and drinks without pressuring you or up-selling.  All in all a wonderful experience.The food--exceptional.  My fiance started with their onion soup and then had their entree special, braised short ribs.  It was served with some kind of potato gratin or something, which were wonderful!  The short ribs had some kind of glaze that gave it a very rich flavor without being overwhelming.  I had their tasting plate of cheeses [sadly, I didn't pay enough attention to find out the names of the cheeses] which were different, but all good.  For my entree, I had their croque madame which brought me back to Paris.  I felt like I was back at that little cafe next to Notre Dame.  Yum-o.  Sadly, my beau and I were too stuffed to try their desserts, but we would definitely come back, so maybe next time!
5	"sharing is caring" i don't think so when it comes to bouchon's croque madame.  i am not sharing mine ever again even if obama is seating next to me and begging for a bite of it.
4	I had just come from Bouchon Napa, so I had pretty high expectations for this place.  The venue has the exact same feel, plus an outdoors pool/fountain area.  No complaints there.The sommelier was extremely helpful in picking a red and a white for the table.  Our waiter was more than knowledgeable, reciting the nightly specials like telling his life story.  He really does know the list forwards and backwards!We started with a dozen oysters for the table, three of each kind.  It came with the cutest little bottle of Tabasco, which we promptly finished.I shared the halibut and the trout, which were both excellent.  But honestly, I was sold at haricot verts.  It's the simple things.And for dessert, we must have ordered half the menu.  The profiteroles, pot de creme, and all three of their dessert specials.  Talk about fatties!
4	While in Vegas a few weekends ago, a large group of us dined here for a  corporate dinner.Let's start with the drink...  a Moscow Mule...  served in a metal mug.. Russia, where are you?  If I go to to Alaska, will I be able to see you?  :)The poached pear and beet salad...  not impressed, the pears taste like they came out of can of Dole's.  The beets, okay..The pan roasted trout was good, they were able to take a fish that is okay in flavor and make something quite special with it.The pommes frites were awesome!!!  dipped in spicy mustard!!!  Since I had won $230 at the tables, I decided to splurge on a "1976" Calvados...  wow, was that  something!  $35 for a small glass, but drinking something that was made the year I was born, well that's just cool.  : )
4	What a wonderful french bistro in the Venetian Hotel.  I loved the french toast, smoked salmon mini baguette, and the scrambled eggs special.  The service is excellent, of course.  Overall, great restaurant for a decent price.
3	good food...i remember getting the rabbit, that was pretty yummy.
4	Bouchon is a great place for both fine dining & casual, without getting dressed up. I actually went there for breakfast/ brunch with a friend. They have a buffet bar available and have a wide variety pastry selection. Service was great (as should be expected at such an establishment). Our server also made suggestions for food and drinks. I went with the  "Breakfast Americaine" (Two eggs any syle served with bacon, country sausage, pommes frites & toasted brioche) and a mimosa.  As far as what I selected for brunch, i was not too impressed. I understand that my selection of brunch cuisine was a bit generic, but the price versus the quality was not what I had expected. Eggs were done well, bacon was crispy, country sausage was not as appettizing, but the frites & brioche was pretty good. I will say that i have has better frites. Atmosphere is great. I have to been to upscale establishments where it can feel a bit stale. At brunch, the atmosphere is much more upbeat and without the snobbery. Also, layout is well done with indoor and outdoor seating. I believe this restaurant to be great, and potential for another visit for brunch.
5	Pretty much anyone who knows me realizes how I feel about Thomas Keller's approach to the culinary arts.  Truely a "chef's chef" I've always respected his desire to remain authentic, to not let his empire spread too far or too wide, and his strong dedication to the progression of America's culinary scene - donations to the Culinary Institute, working with the US Culinary Olympic team, etc.  Without overstating, though I still rank Alinea as my favorite meal of all time, I consider Keller my favorite chef.  Having been to each of Keller's restaurants except for Per Se in 2009 it was only logical that I make my way back to Bouchon for Saturday brunch on my most recent trip to Las Vegas - especially since it was only 2 floors away from my hotel room.Arriving at the doors of Bouchon around 7:50 there was already a line of 8 people waiting and by the time the doors opened at 8:00 there were nearly 20.  Browsing the sign of specials I thought the crabcakes benedict sounded good, but not nearly as good as what I'd come for originally.  Making my way into the restaurant and meeting with the hostess I asked for a table for one outdoors if possible and was swiftly taken to the precise table I enjoyed the previous year.  Handed a menu to browse my coffee was filled (so much better than the coffee at the continental breakfast) and I was brought a water after declining a cocktail. Returning after a short time my server explained the specials and asked if I had any questions - stating no I placed my orders and requested some of the infamous epi-baguette to go with the house made butter and fresh preserves (strawberry this time) that were already on the table.  Receiving a "branch" of two pieces - and later two more - these wonderful pieces of carbohydrate reminded me again of just how good a simple baguette can be when using quality ingredients.  Creamy and grassy the butter went largely underutilized instead opting for the jam which displayed the very essence of strawberries and a small cup of nutella (an unexpected $2.50 surcharge.)Beginning the meal along with my second cup of coffee was a slice of Almond Brioche.  Served piping hot from the griddle the bread was buttery and sweet with perfectly toasted almonds contrasting well with the soft bread.  Similar to the brioche served with the foie gras terrine at The French Laundry (plus almonds) this was toast at its very best.My main course, arriving with another refill of my coffee (yes, I have a caffeine problem) was the dish I knew I'd order the moment I decided to return to Bouchon - Keller's Chicken and Waffles.  Unobtainable at any other Thomas Keller restaurant (much like the French Toast Bread Pudding) the mere thought of this dish had me excited and it certainly didn't disappoint - better than Roscoe's, Crops, or Seldom Blues...by far.  The chicken, instead of being traditionally Southern fried was instead marinated in thyme and rosemary, then slow roasted for 13 hours and pan-flashed to crisp the skin.  Perfectly smooth, incredibly juicy, the chicken alone would have justified the trip.  Further enhancing the impressive plate were the waffles - four quartered pieces accented with buttermilk, bacon, chives, and (per the server) a bit of chicken stock.  Served alongside the main components of the dish was a delectable Tahitian vanilla bean butter, pure Vermont maple syrup, and sauce chasseur - essentially a gravy of chicken stock, bacon lardons, mushrooms, and onion.  A flawless array of crispy and soft, savory and sweet, nuanced and "in your face" - an absolutely lovely dish worth every penny of the $25 pricetag.Sitting and sipping my coffee in the sun rising over the Venezia pools I couldn't help but think about other meals at Thomas Keller restaurants - honestly, aside from a stale cinnamon brioche (admittedly a flaw,) a piece of cheese (simply not my style,) and some spicy walnuts ( good, but not at that time in the meal) I've not yet had an item that was less than impressive - and many items were not just impressive, but formed the prototype for what I think that item is in its near-perfect form.  While service can sometimes be a tad "cool," or "stiff" it is always professional and the settings, ingredients, and experience uncompromisingly refined.  While I still have to try Verandah and Hash House a Go-Go to complete my "to do list" for breakfasts in Vegas, unless they truly wow I do believe I'll simply be frequenting Bouchon from now on when visiting the strip.
5	Bouchon is one of those select restaurants that makes me want to be a "foodie." It's the kind of restaurant that'd you'd definitely want to go back to and the type you'd recommend to anyone.After watching Top Chef: Las Vegas for the first time ever, it got me wanting to explore and learn more about the culinary world. Then in my multi-task mode I went looking for places to eat in Las Vegas for my recent trip there. The words "Thomas Keller" and "Michelin rated" came up and so I was sold on Bouchon. With more than 600 reviews I'll just add some nice things for when someone else is on a similar search for nice places to eat in Vegas in hopes that a Yelp review will steer them in the right direction especially if you're not feeling eating buffets all the time...this is a nice change of pace. Brunch is excellent here. It's relaxed but at the same time you're experiencing some fine dining. I've had people tell me after I went, that every time they come to Vegas with their family, they go to Bouchon.  I like pastries and with so many choices I just decided to go with an assortment of four pastries in the Bouchon Pastry Basket. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=mHIby3_tPU4T_b9Jubc7fgThey're all good but filling. Another instance where I was eating with my eyes and not with my stomach.I had the Chicken and Waffles and they were the best. Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles is great too but Bouchon delivers it like no other. The Croque Madame was as good as advertised and the pommes frites were delicious. Leave it to the French to make great French Fries. It was all so filling that I couldn't possibly fit dessert. But then I saw the table across from me all come in just to eat dessert and I cried a little bit when I saw the various dessert options. Then they proceeded to savor every bit as if to rub it in my face. I tried to focus on the fact that we had a table overlooking the pool in the Venetian or that our waiter had been especially helpful in providing an excellent dining experience but none of that puts amazing looking profiteroles in my stomach. I guess I'll just have to wait until they open the Bouchon in Beverly Hills later this year. But if you're in Vegas and want a great place to eat for anytime in the day then Bouchon is a can't-miss restaurant.
4	Located in the Venetian's Venezia Hall, Bouchon is a great restaurant tucked away from the glitz and cheesiness of the strip with amazing food. We sat on the patio which overlooked the pool area. The patio had a nice cozy atmosphere and seemed quieter than inside (which was noisy from all the bustling). The epi bread is freshly baked and their butter is amazing. The butter tasted to so fresh and light that I wanted to eat it plain.We ordered a few cocktails, the moscow mule and I can't remember the second (wasn't that good). The moscow mule is a must have! Gingery and fresh, I could have had my bf's whole mug - and yes, the drink is really served in a mug. So cute!We started with the pork belly special served with barley and sauteed veggies. Holy moly. The pork belly was soooo melt-in-your-mouth tender and tasty. The veggies were cooked perfectly (loved the brussell sprouts) and the barley added a nice texture contrast to the dish. We also had a mixed greens salad with goat cheese which was nothing special, not good, not bad.The bf had the croque madame. Crap that thing was so buttery and creamy, it was like a pillow of heaven. The egg was perfectly cooked, the bechamel was killer and not oily, and the brioche was so buttery that I wanted to take it home with me. The croque madame was served with fries and they were skinny and crispy, but a bit too salty. I ordered the flat iron steak with spinach and garlic. The steak was so tender; I couldn't believe a flat iron steak could be so tender! The spinach and garlic were drenched in oil/butter so I didn't care for it much.For dessert, we had the BOuchons, which were brownies and ice cream. Nothing special. I wish they had better dessert!!!Great dining experience, casual and elegant setting, good service, and deelish food. Now if only they could fine tune their food skills and offer better desserts. Not on your way to Vegas? Not to worry, Bouchon is coming to Beverly Hills next month!
3	It's a decent eat in Vegas. One major issue I had with Bouchon was the service.  I felt like our server had one too many drinks the night before.  He was not only slow with everything, he was also just very strange.  Back to the food... The food looks infinitely better than it actually tastes.  I tried the Croque Madame (with pomme frites!) and the Chicken and Waffles.  Additionally, the bf tried the oysters, which he said were good! Pomme frites were good, but not the best I've ever had.  I think I had high hopes based on all the other reviews.  They were the perfect size and cooked the perfect amount, but they were not satisfying.  And I love French fries.  I love eating them so much it's unhealthy. Chicken and waffles was also decent, but not out of this world.  Okay, so when the food came out, it looked beautiful.  When I took a bite, it was good, but not as good as it looked.  The food was cooked perfectly well, but there was something missing.  However weird this sounds, the food lacked character.  Everything tasted fine, it was just uninspired.  It was one of those experiences where you think it'll be amazing and when you're actually experiencing it, everything seems amazing.  Everything is executed well.  But then you're done with the experience and it wasn't actually quite as good as it seemed.  It was still good, but there was something missing.  That's how I felt about my brunch with Bouchon. I would eat there again if I stayed at the Venetian, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	What else is there to say, after the 600+ reviews. Pure quality.Had dinner twice on the last LV visit. Loved the food. Loved the service.Not as stuffy as the "upscale" joints at the Bellagio & Wynn. From the bread and butter to appetizers (escargot escargot escargot), entree's (ribeye) & deserts all EXCELLENT.Service was attentive but could be more polished. Yup, "I'LL be back"...
5	My wife and I have stayed in the Venetian on numerous occasions. But never have considered dining at Bouchon until recently. I would have to say... hands down... one of the best dining experiences ever. The wait staff is very and their attention to detail is superb. The food quality is excellent. For dinner i ordered the mussels entree. The mussels were cooked with saffron butter and white wine. The portion size was very filling, and it came with a huge side of  crispy delicious french fries. My wife had the flat iron steak, but instead of fries, mac n cheese was substituted. I snuck a bite of her steak, and it was tender and juicy. The "Moscow Moose" (vodka, ginger beer,  and lime) is a must have. I would come back for the Moscow Moose alone.  My wife and I are definitely coming back here, if we're in Vegas. Luckily they have a location a couple hours away.
4	Bouchon. Table for 3. Wednesday Night at 8:30.Sat on the patio outside - pretty.  Ordered the Salade Maraichere au Chevre Chaud (mixed greens with red wine vinagrette, warm goat cheese and herbes de Provence) $11.  The salad was very good!  The only issue is that it was overly salted! I'm not sure if it's integrated in the vinagrette or if it's sprinkled on?  The goat cheese - DELICIOUS.  I skipped the mixed greens, and ate the goat cheese and bread together instead.Entree: Poulet Roti (roasted chicken with heirloom squash, rainbow chard, pomegranate seeds and sage infused chicken jus) $29.50.  The chicken is cooked to perfection!  It is so juicy and tender!  The squash is slightly sweet, and is absolutely wonderful, and tasted SO good with the chicken.  Along with a glass of sauvignon blanc, the bill came out to be about $60.  It's quite worth it!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you head out to Vegas!
5	This place was pricy (but hey, it's Vegas). The food was excellent! We all ordered the special, Beef Tenderloin which was cooked to perfection and full of flavor! We ordered a couple of appetizers. There were no complaints from any of us at our table of four. I am looking forward to the day i can return to Buchon.
5	Las Vegas is an amazing food city, you almost can't go wrong with picking a restaurant here. Thomas Keller is one of my favorite chefs, but that's not why I give Bouchon 5 stars.So I used to live in Las Vegas, and as a matter of fact, I worked inside the Venetian so this place was very close and convenient. I loved popping in for a quick lunch or meeting friends later in the day for a nice dinner. Oh I miss you Bouchon!Bouchon is what I imagine a typical French bistro to look and feel like. Simple items on the menu, done right. Steak with fries, pan roasted trout, blood sausage, etc. Everything delicious. Excellent staff, very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant itself is simple in design, however not so simple in workmanship. The details are just right, coming together and creating an incredible atmosphere and ambiance. If you're in Vegas, treat yourself and have dinner here, you won't be disappointed! However, make reservations!Now for some really exciting news, there is to be a Bouchon soon in Beverly Hills, woooohoooo!
5	While I am sure Bouchon's breakfast is as great as others make it out to be, their dinner offerings left little to be desired. Everything here is clearly thought out and executed with precision. In my party of eight, everyone enjoyed their meal. Which was good as I recommended Bouchon.For my first course, I started with the chilled avocado soup. It was amazing. It was like eating avocado yogurt, which may not appeal to some, but as a fan of avocado it was a great start to the meal. I had the roast duck for my main course. The duck itself was very good and cooked to perfection, allowing for a very tasty and slightly crispy skin. The red rice that was served with the duck was really the most amazing part of the meal. It is a food memory that I will have with me forever. While it was a fairly normal food, rice as a side dish is obviously not innovative, it was done better than any other I had ever had, and it was executed perfectly. That is really what Bouchon, and for that matter Thomas Keller, is all about. Taking something relatively normal and doing it very, very well. The desert was like the rest of the meal, perfectly executed and clearly done with care. I had the mint ice cream, and it served as a nice bookend to the experience. I have a few final and miscellaneous points. First, the wine offerings were rather nice. While they do have a pretty well rounded, although not really extensive wine list, they also offer house wines by the carafe. As there were eight of us with eight different palettes, we thought it best to get several bottles of the house wines in varying sizes. This worked out nicely and was quite cost effective. Second, the meal started with some french bread, just thrown on the table in a fashion recalling the intended French bistro, but the butter that came with it was too cold to properly spread. This may just be me, but this is a major pet peeve of mine. While it didn't ruin the meal, as demonstrated by this review, it is something that I will always remember and almost always mention. With everything else being so clearly and well planned out, you would have expected this small oversight to have been recognized and resolved. Alas, it was not. I guess one can only achieve true perfection at either Per Se or the French Laundry, but Bouchon was quite close.
4	Sunday breakfast brunch at Bouchon started with a soy latte. My first thought was - hmm, it's alright.Next was the house bread, and I loved it. You can't beat any bakeries, warm and crispy like fresh out of the oven.Then, raw oysters and bloody mary. Raw oysters are... raw oysters and there wasn't much exciting to mention as long as they are fresh. Blood mary was spicy and refreshing. It went well with the oysters.My main course was pan fried trout with roasted almonds and french beans. The flavor was influenced by butter used for frying. Other than that, it wasn't made with complicated spices, and was kept simple. Roasted almonds were crunchy and kept with the aroma of almonds.  French beans were soaked into the butter sauce used for frying. This is a nice offering for brunch because it was not too heavy, yet too light.Bouchon is definitely a place I'd recommend, especially sitting outdoor for lunch/brunch on a warm and sunny day.
5	I spotted Bouchon as we were checking into our hotel and immediately got excited. We went for brunch on a Saturday morning and had to wait about 30 minutes for a table. They don't take reservations during brunch so you just have to go and wait. Bouchon had really great service. We ordered an assortment of different items and everything came out, hot and delicious. All their portions were massive so we were completely stuffed. I was a little greedy so I ordered their smoked salmon on a baguette and a pain au chocolat to share. I could barely finish my baguette, which was sad because the pain au chocolat was not nearly as good later in the day. Everything that comes with fries is enough fries to feed 2-3 people. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas or when I'm in Napa.
5	Best bellini I've ever had.  The croque madame and pommes frites were A+++++ and the croissant was the flakiest, most buttery croissant I've ever put in my mouth.  I love Bouchon and can't wait to go back.
4	I thought the food was very good when we ate there a year or so ago.  We went with a larger group (about 10) and had excellent service.  We had reservations, of course.  Everybody was pleased.  There are many reviews so there isn't much I can add.  We were staying at the Wynn, so it was easy to get there.
5	We went to Bouchon for dinner. It is on the 10th floor of the Venetian so away from the casino and the crowds which was a big plus for me. It has a patio which was very nice. We were seated immediately without a reservation on a Thursday night.  Our waiter was nice and the service was excellent overall.My wife had the duck special ($43) which was duck breast with crispy skin, bread pudding, sweet sauce and mushrooms - it was absolutely delicious and also very filling so she had no room for desert. We got 500cc carafe of wine ($25) which was pretty good and there was also delicious bread and butter. I had the steak frites ($36), which was an ample size steak covered with a buttery sauce and with french fries.  The steak was cooked medium as I requested and was delicious, and the fries were some of the tastiest I've had.Overall, the food was great, the prices were better than many of the other French themed restaurants in Vegas, and the service was good.  Other restaurants may have food network names but this one really delivered. I think this restaurant is a hidden gem that does not disappoint.
5	For around $30 a plate I was expecting to receive tiny tiny portions, but I was surprised that the portions were plentiful!Service was wonderful. Water glasses were never left empty and the bread kept coming.  My sister and I both got the chicken entree and it was the most tastiest chicken I ever had- cooked to perfection. The mustard flavored potatoes were VERY finger-lickin good!I would suggest coming here if you wanted a nice evening dinner/lunch/brunch, not if you're on the go, looking for a quick bite. I would come again! The waiter even offered us free tequila! =)
5	its that time again. AD HOC at HOME is out and will be signed by Chef Thomas Keller. AD HOC at HOME book SigningWednesday December 9th 20096pm to 730 pmBouchon Las VegasChef Keller will make an appearance for a book signing at Bouchon LV. Books will be available for purchase for $50 plus tax. "Ad Hoc at Home" is inspired by the menu of Ad Hoc Restaurant in Yountville, CA and features over 200 recipes of family style meals and comfort foods. All other books w ill also be available for purchase; however, fans can bring in pre purchased books to be autographed. call the restaurant for details! 702-414-6200see you then!
4	I've been here like 20 times.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because occasionally the food and/or service don't match the peak.  Breakfast is ridiculously good...try any of their sausages.  Perfectly cooked, seasoned beautifully, and just tasty.  For dinner...the roast chicken is epic and served with seasonal veggies.  The cod appetizer is great too...though once it was so salty I sent it back after 1 bite.  Anything braised or Sous Vide has always hit the spot.  In particular their short ribs are excellent...both pork and beef.
5	Uncut pandemonium. I saw red in all directions, my defenses bathed external pawns in vulnerability ink as i masticated morsels of choreographed grace. I was always captivated by the Keller output, i live nearby the ole francais cleaners, but 500 bucks a person? No culinary prostitute can yank away that many bones from me. Even if they're the true conduit of god, even if it is has something to do with france. So, I have the most powerful yelper of all to thank. Her and I were gearing up for this moment throughout our entire sabbatical together. She was aware of what was to come, as i swathed myself in a predictably unctuous cynical grue that was quickly sopped up with the towel of reality. Hence exclaiming "toodles" towards my formerly jingoistic wee-gan leanings, i thought i would make things interesting, perhaps invite a finned unit (or posse) to my reckless acute dash towards the questionably hued gates of lucid bliss.So, we started with sweet beignets. They were noticeably akin to an uglier cousin of the pastry world (hint: sheepishly oval, sans center, adored by a character who's first name ends in -omer) but certainly evolved into the respectable kind of gem with its delicate spicing, disconcertingly controlled flake and sumptuous mahogany flesh. Oh, forgot to mention the from-scratch nutella that pompously walloped all dangling, whittling stoics. Just in time for the Truite aux Amandes! (Pan-roasted trout with haricots verts,almonds & beurre noisette) And that's the end of the food discussion. I don't want to use the constraints of language to pointlessly expound on experiences that tapped into multiple dimensions, ulterior states of being and possible dips into unutterable puddles of the unknown. Bouchon's  target directive hinges on ferocious cultivation of threadbare necessity to perpetually extract endless distinct, complicated conclusions upon a single item. Sometimes dishes will only consist of four ingredients. I felt like pulling a Johnny Depp in "Once upon a time in Mexico". Thankfully, I understand perspective. And have no desire for stasis. Thanks, gurl!  The search is over.Oh, and this was merely brunch.
4	I woke up at 1100, after partying at Moon (Palms) the night before.  Obviously it was painful.  We walked from Paris to the Venetian, adding to more pain, and then probably a mile inside Venetian itself trying to find  Bouchon.  I'm only complaining because this is Vegas and everything hurts the next day...Furthermore, I thought it was a buffet - silly me.  I didn't put two and two together (Thomas Keller restaurant, Venetian, $$$$, probably not a buffet).  Ok so I was rudely awakened a second time with that realization.  I immediately got over it and decided that I would have oysters for breakfast.  My friend and I split a "Petit Plateau" from the "Fruit de Mer" portion of the menu.  It came with half a lobster, steamed mussels, and fresh oysters and clams.  Amazing.  Then I had a daily special, a fluffy spinach quiche with fresh baby greens and vinaigrette dressing.Another friend had butternut squash soup which tasted just like the one you get out of the box at Trader Joes.Another friend had a fancy french toast, and the last friend had a fancy  omlet. The point here is that the food was good but it was still just some fancy breakfast food. I spent about $55.  Not a wallet destroyer by any means but not cheap.  Supposedly dinner is more impressive. Fin.P.S. they have this big stamping machine where you slip a piece of paper in and it smashes the BOUCHON name and phone number onto it with a loud bang.  Awesome.
3	pretty good food for brunch. but def over priced. the steak and frites was by far the best thing out of the: white sausage and eggs, corned beef hash and eggs, waffles, chicken and waffles. the pastries were ok. not the best ive had. i probably would not go here again. however like i said, the steak and frites were good. the fries were perfect thin and salt. and the steak and tender.
3	A+ for atmosphere;  Food = B;  Service C We were seated at a beautiful outside table overlooking a pool and garden on a lovely crisp morning.Started with a Bellini (champagne and peach) which was very refreshing.  My husband ordered Bacon and Eggs.  Nothing fancy, but everything was good.  My friend had the Croque Madame and was extremely satisfied even though she put only a minor dent in the mountain of "frites" served wit it.  Her husband ordered the special which was a homemade sausage (great) served with roasted vegetables and poached eggs (way underdone).  My waffle with bananas was served last.  Tasted good but was not fresh.  It was not even warm.The waiter never checked on the table.I will definitely go back.  Lots of potential.
5	My brother and I have eaten at Bouchon before and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. So when my wife said she HAD to got to Bouchon, there were no complaints on our end. The only problem is that we only had 3 nights in Vegas and 4 restaurants that we HAD to go to. The solution, Bouchon for breakfast. Now, mind you, I am not a breakfast person. I definitely don't like the fatty fried crap Americans call breakfast food. However, breakfast here was definitely an experience! I am not an expert of baked goods, nor do I usually like to eat them, but I got a hold of my wife's croissant. Boy was that a mistake! I didn't want to give it back to her! What?! Me eat a croissant because I want to?! That just can't be true. Let me tell you, I have been to France, but never eaten like this. It's another must visit in the culinary mecca within Vegas.
3	We went for breakfast and it was good, just not great. Bacon was excellent and my omelet was prepared as it should have been but nothing was outstanding. Service was outstanding however.
5	Dining at Bouchon is an experience, not just a meal. The service is top class as the waiters do everything they can to ensure you are happy. We started off with oysters on the half shell from 4 different regions of the world. What's different about Bouchon is they don't drain or wash the saltwater from the oysters once they are open. Slurping one of these beauties down is like a tasting the ocean in your mouth. Delicious. Now to the good stuff. I ordered a rack of baby pork ribs braised in a red wine sauce on top of yukon gold mash potatoes. The meat was so tender it slipped off the bone and the wine sauce had the perfect balance of richness, thickness and complexity that made my mouth water everytime I took a bite. The meals here are truly "works of art" and you should dine here at least once just to see how good it really gets.
5	OK, one more review for Bouchon for breakfast.  It was fantastic.  Our group of five enjoyed the various dishes, service was simply superb, and the atmosphere was quite good. I want to go back and try something else.We had breakfast here on 16 November 2009.
4	Breakfst here is Great. Super fresh OJ and great expresso. The service is top knotch. The dishes take on a French inspiration. Starting the day with breakfast here is ALWAYS a good idea. I also have many friends that have closed the place at night because their meal and present company were so great. There is nothing on the menu that I wouldn't reccomend. They also have Chimay on tap, which is always a good sign. Go here, eat and be merry!
5	I had dinner here last time in Vegas.  We tried a number of appetizers, salads, and other dishes.  We had foie gras, duck, a couple of the salads, lamb shank...I can't remember everything we had.  But I do remember the foie gras blew me away...and that's all I really remember.  Oh also we had an oyster each at the end, in lieu of dessert.  I guess the oyster was kinda sweet...so whatever.The waiters and staff were helpful, I had a predinner drink at the bar with a friend too.  Also, our waiter helped us play a prank on the guy in our party who paid with a credit card...which involved writing a deceptively high gratuity on the receipt...that was fun!
4	I always try to have breakfast here when I'm in Las Vegas.  The french toast is the best.   I love sitting out on their patio in the summer.This past visit we had dinner. The food was cooked perfectly .  The salad was wonderful. It was a great what a great meal and value.I'm looking forward to trying the new Los Angles restaurant.
5	Went with a group of friends for breakfast after a hard night of drinking (I think some of us were still drunk!). It was a Sunday morning and we were seated within 20min. The brought out complimentary french bread that was delicious! The order at our table: (2) Chicken & waffle, Sourdough Waffle w/Bananas and a side of crispy bacon, Corn-beef hash and the Bouchon French Toast. The Chicken (roasted) & waffle looked amazing and both friends that ordered it said it was! Gonna have to try that next time. The sourdough waffle was crispy, the corn beef hash was excellent (not greasy) the french toast had custard and apples and was amazing! Although very rich! The table next to us ordered the jar of smoked salmon served with croutons which I regretted not seeing on the menu. I have also heard great things about the salmon baguette, will have to try that next time as well!!!  For the quality of food, the brunch prices are very reasonable!
5	I went here for breakfast, and it was fantastic. Omelette stuffed with shortrib, a generous amount of delicious bacon, brioche instead of the typical toasted white that was the bet bread I ever had...everything was very good and the service was great as well....I lot of people have stated that the service is uneven here, but i guess I had one of the good waiters.
5	Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner it is ALL GOOD.. Great even.  I love this place and I always have a great time with great food.  I always take my friends here when we do vegas trips.  Probably been here 5 times, never once been let down.
5	I was just informed there is now a Bouchon in Beverly Hills, so I may save some money by not having to come out to Vegas every other month to get my fix. I was a skeptic when my friends first hyped up this little bistro sitting in a far corner of the Venetian. I'm a picky eater. Not in the sense of choosing food (I'll eat pretty much anything in front of me AND in front of you), but I am difficult to impress.My first visit here was for dinner and I got the mussels. I was really expecting a small portion of barely edible shellfish and had plans to stop at the gift shop on the way back to the room and binge on potato chips. No need, no need. There were enough mussels here to feed a small country. Not only was the portion generous, but I got a huge side of fries along with it. Score! I also had my first foie gras experience, and once I got the image of ducks buried in dirt out of my head, I enjoyed that as well. The desserts were to die for...I have a special relationship with creme brulee that must be revisited on scheduled intervals. Bouchon made it happen, and I was not disappointed.Second visit was for breakfast, and unfortunately it did not live up to either my own hype or the excitement I could feel permeating off the group I was with. My fault for trying a meal that included an ingredient I don't really prefer all that much. It was my mistake, trying to be adventurous. Seems like I'll have more opportunities, now that there is one local to me. Yay!
2	Don't ask me why, but I ordered the chicken and waffles.  Oh, I know why!  Because they were either out of the specials on the menu or everything else has some sort of pork meat in it.  Just great.  Even the waffles had bacon in them (but they had plain waffles as well, which they brought out to me after messing up my order the first time around).  Let's just say that I did NOT like my meal.  the chicken smelled.  You know that smell?  That chicken smell?  Yeah, yeah, yeah I know you're saying to yourself "well wtf is chicken supposed to smell like then?" but you know what I mean.  Thankfully they had amazing freshly baked bread and butter which I had with a good cup of cappuccino.I will say this, the 4 or 5 other people with me seemed to enjoy their meals.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing?  Who knows?  I certainly won't unless someone else is willing to pay for my meal there.
5	French restaurant at the Venetian. Heard rave reviews about thier breakfast and brunch... I went for brunch on a Saturday. Since I had already had my fill of pastries that morning.. I decided to skip out on their famous "chicken and waffles" and went with the trout instead.Trout ($25) - "Truite aux Amandes" was very delicious with the capers and potatos piled on top. I did find 1 little bone in my fish, but otherwise perfect! The fries that come with many of thier dishes are delicious and crunchy. I was able to steal a bunch from friends :)Friends ordered the "Steak Frites" ($33.50) as well as the mussel ($25.50) - "Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde". And I luckily was able to get a bite of both. DELICIOUS! You really can't go wrong with this place!Don't be afraid to ask for anything extra.. tabasco sauce, dijon mustard, jam, butter, bread, ketchup.. GREAT service.I MUST go back to get my chicken and waffles!!! I also heard great things about thier french toast :)Prices per dish around $20-30 for brunch :)
5	Bouchon baby, you rocked my world.  Before going there, I already reviewed the menu, like, 10,000 times, drooling over the descriptions of its amazingly sounding dishes.  And the date has finally arrived!  Hidden all the way on the 10th floor in the Venetian, getting to Bouchon was quite a trip.  The decor is reminiscent of a typical Parisian bistro/brasserie, dim light, long bar counter, and checkerboard tiles.Perhaps my little note to the maitre d' through opentable.com actually worked (that it was my bf's birthday and we'd like to have some privacy), we were the only 2-person party sitting in the leather booth that night.  And the dinner went on:1.  Petite Plateau (1/2 lobster, 9 oysters, 3 shrimp, 3 clams, 6 mussels): Heavenly.  How can anyone not like this?  When the seafood platter is bigger than my face, I am definitely smiling.2.  Apple and Celery Salad: Knowing that Bouchon was only the first stop for my Vegas gastronomic indulgence, i opted for the healthy special of the night.  What a simple concept, celery and apple--- yet what a refreshingly delicious combination.  Both the fruit and vegetable were shaved into thin strips, dressed in a perfectly balanced vinaigrette, with chestnuts to garnish.  It was the most refined health food I have ever had.3. Duck Leg Confit: The French can do ducks, that's all I have to say.  Cripsy, rich duck flavors, sitting on a small side of beautifully sauteed mushrooms.  The mushrooms were woody and intensively flavorful--- so good that it was not just a B-rated sidekick to my duck leg, but a star-worthy cameo. 4. Bone in Ribeye with Truffle Risotto: Both mah man and I agreed--- it was the first time we wanted the side just as much as we wanted the steak...  While the bone-in ribeye was so amazingly good, the side risotto absolutely blew our minds away!  To polish off a wonderful dinner, our server was just as delightful.  Warm, funny, attentive, he was another 5 stars all by himself.
4	This was a fabulous meal with very good service.  James was our waiter and he really loves his work, talking about food and helping people love their meals.I was a bit shocked that Vegas prices were so high. I assumed that since it was relatively cheap to get a room there and it was outside of the Bay Area that it would be less than the Bay Area. I thought wrong.I had the best gnocchi of my life here. My husband got pork loin, which was amazing, too.  It isn't really healthy food. It was all very full of fat, but it was decadent and wonderful.  The serving sizes were huge, which is another thing that is surprising for a California-French style restaurant. We saw many plates go by that were piled high with French Fries. They did a good job of catering to a typical American appetite while maintaining the integrity and creativity of the food. Definitely thumbs up.
5	Bouchon was like a breath of fresh air. It's located on the 10th floor of the Venetian hotel far from the constant casino chatter. It has a very clean, french bistro interior, but without any snobbery. The wait staff and friendly and helpful. They're attentive without being overbearing. I had brunch twice over two days at Bouchon. Both exceeded my expectations. The croquette madam was insanely good. Buttery, cheesy goodness with an egg on top. The bread pudding style french toast- wow. wow. wow. Day two- Steak and eggs, a generous sized prime sirloin with perfectly cooked eggs and garlic potatoes. And my boyfriend had the sourdough french toast with vanilla butter. We also shared a starter each day. Day 1 we had the pork belly. It was lusciously fatty porky yum yum surrounded by white beans and confit apples - absolutely delicious. On day two we had raspberry filled donuts which were airy and dense in all the right places. Both days our bill came to around $60 before tax/tip (we did not have any alcohol). I think it was a bargain for what we received and we will definitely be back.
5	Eating here was the gastronomic highlight of our family Vegas trip, and Bouchon did not disappoint.  The opening bread was warm, soft, and crunchy and the butter was sweet.  For starters, we had the special pork belly and the salmon rillette.  The pork belly melted in your mouth.  The rillette was served in a jar; the waiter scooped out the clarified butter off the top that sealed in the flavor of the salmon.  It was served with some toasted bread and went well with the tableside pot of mustard that is typical of a classic French bistro.For entrees, we enjoyed the Beef Bourguignon and the Leg of Lamb.  The Bourguignon smelled and tasted great and was fork tender.  The Leg of Lamb was sliced thin and delivered a perfect medium rare and had a delicious au jus.For dessert, we enjoyed the three Bouchon brownies with ice cream.  Service and atmosphere were excellent.  The room had mirrors and tiled floors to remind you of Paris.  We came with our 2 daughters (ages 7 and 10) and they enjoyed the Macaroni au Gratin (mild cheese and good for the young pallet) and the Croque Madame, which had a fried egg on top of buttery toasted bread that sandwiched in tasty ham and cheese.Overall, a great experience.  I love bistro food and always seek it out whenever I travel.  This is as close as I'll get to Thomas Keller's French Laundry or Per Se for a few years, and it lived up to my expectations.
5	NOTE: They do not take reservations for brunch so just call ahead for hours.
4	I loved the food here!!  They served  warm bread and butter before our entrees.  It was really good.  Next came our entrees.  I had the lamb and my friends had various types of meat. Everything was amazing but we were all stuffed after our meals.  I thought the food may have been slightly on the heavy side. Also,  I couldn't finish the lamb because the smell of blue cheese on the polenta was a bit stinky.  It was too rich for my taste.  However, I did enjoy my meal.   Attentive service and great food overall.
5	Every single time I have visited Las Vegas for business or pleasure, probably 10 times in the past 3 years, Bouchon is on my list of "must visit no matter what" places. In fact, I enjoy the casual yet upscale atmosphere of this brasserie (and the original in Yountville, CA which fairly makes my heart sing) so much that I would venture to say that my last meal on earth might very well occur at Bouchon if I have a choice in the matter!Often I travel alone for business, and this restaurant has a fantastic old school marble topped bar which is beautifully conducive to dining solo and enjoying the people watching and friendly banter of the bartenders as I slurp decadent perfectly seasoned and piping hot French onion soup crowned with gooey melted gruyere cheese along side a mixed greens salad with a simple vinaigrette and a round of toasted goat cheese. Simple, yes, but perfectly executed. The epis bread, baked in house, is a delightful accompaniment as it has a shatteringly crisp crust but a soft, chewy, warm interior.When I have dined with colleagues or a date, I usually order steak frites as my entree and it comes slathered (just a tiny bit too heavily slathered, honestly) with a shallot and garlic studded red wine butter sauce. Mmmmmmmmm.... so delicious though!The "Bouchons"  for dessert are the best choice: little cork shaped chocolate cakes served with housemade fresh mint chocolate chip ice cream last time I had them. A refreshing way to end the meal!Cocktails are professionally crafted and there is a well chosen wine list featuring a variety of price points.  They are also known for their shellfish "fruits de mer" towers and breakfast is not only excellent, but a surprising value too. No lunch is served, however, so be sure to get up early enough, even after a late night of gambling, to make it to the delicious breakfast!
4	This place is awesome...might be my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I had a seafood plateau with my friends, and ordered the beef brisket, which was the best dish off the menu according to the waiter.  The portions were perfect, and simply delicious.  I wish it offers better wine by the glass.  The whites were decent, but the variety of reds were not enough for me.
5	Location: 10th floor venetian towerFood: we had a party of 9, DINNERWe started off with the foi gras appetizer: this was more of a paste, they make it all in house and they scrape off the top layer in the container which consists of solid duck fat served with toasted baguette.  I have never had foi gras like this, and i was mighty surprised by the creaminess and the flavor of the dish.  Be sure to ask for extra bread because this is a very rich dish and can get a bit overwhelming.  Even those in our party that dont like liver enjoyed the dish.  Entrees: some ordered the braised beef (myself included), some ordered the duck, some got the steak and frites, and one person got the ham steak.  I myself have tried the beef,  lamb, and steak frites all of which are outstanding.  The lamb is served on a  roasted leg of lamb with flageolet beans in a thyme jus, the meat was cooked perfectly.  The braised beef was also cooked perfectly, it is served with some noodle, cooked pork bits and other goodies.  The steak frites is served with a fine amount of thinly chopped onions and some cream and of course shoe string fries.For sides: we ordered the mac and cheese (which was the only disappointment of the evening), spinach, and the potato puree.  Ive had better mac and cheese at multiple places, at best the dish is average.  The spinach was cooked perfectly, the spinach side at carne vino was better.  The potato puree was extremely smooth, probably the best out of the 3.  Dessert: we ordered the chocolate bouchon, and the creme brulee.  The chocolate bouchon is 3 little brownies (same one served at bouchon bakery on the 1st floor) served with 3 different types of ice cream (coconout, vanilla, coffee) on top with chocolate on top.  This dish was decent, the brownies werent served warmed which was a big mistake.  The creme brulee was one of the best Ive had.  However it did not have any berries or fruits on top, instead it was just custard and crust. Nevertheless, the consistency was perfect.Price: for info on prices go to the zagat menu website http://www.zagat.com/Verticals/Menu.aspx?VID=8&R=93909&HID=37entrees were around 30-40.  In my opinion not very much for the quality of food.Overall: everyone in my party of 9 was raving about this place by the end saying it was the best meal they had all trip.  And i share the same sentiment with them. The best part was, it wasn't the most expensive meal we had either.  Mario batali's Carnevino's was more expensive
5	We had dinner here on Christmas Day. It was very busy but yet the service was superb. There were 4 of us so I was expecting that the service will be a little sluggish given the holidays. So, that said, It's pretty safe to say that you can come this place anytime of the year and still get the best service. If you do visit, try their Specialties. I guarantee you, you will leave this restaurant happy and satisfied. Oh, and save room for desserts!
4	Outstanding food and great service. The menu has excellent variety. When coming to a restaurant like Bouchon I recommend selecting your meal from the specials. I had the veal sweetbreads to start....simply outstanding! The atmosphere is bustling and loud - just like a french bistro should be. We had a minor delay with our drink order and we ended up with complimentary desserts. it wasn't necessary but little touches like that really leave a great impression. The wines are surprisingly reasonable which results in a surprisingly reasonable total bill. Excellent value at Bouchon.....the best french food in Vegas.
4	Bouchon reminds me of Balthazar, except without the cool SoHo vibe. I do like that you can take a dip in the Venetian pool between courses!
4	I was so looking forward to eating here for Christmas Dinner. The food was great, but I was a little disappointed. The salmon rillettes was a great into to the meal since the flavor and texture were spot on. The Endive salad was very tasty especially with the apples and roquefort. The Lamb was a little bland, but was still cooked perfectly and the finishing salt did add some extra flavor. The Boeuf Bourguignon was better than the lamb since it had a much bolder flavor and was very tender. Great wine selection and very nice staff. Our waiter was a bit full, but the rest of the staff was great. Overall the food was very good, but I think I expected something a little more spectacular, something with a bit more wow factor.
5	This place is absolute heaven. I came here for brunch and the croque madame was out of this world! Eggs cooked to perfection, creamy delicious mornay sauce. Our lovely server was quick and attentive.  The decor is classy and calming.  It's pricey, but a meal that you will never forget.
3	In typical birthday tradition, my wife and I always go somewhere different, usually an establishment with a a-list chef, or at least a michelin star or james beard nom...where else to go while in Vegas, but Bouchon, Thomas Keller's restaurant.I had extremely high expectations on this restaurant, as I have been to Thomas' other restaurants, Per Se and French Laundry.  Bouchon seemed like a cross between The Palm and a high end Cheesecake Factory.  Perhaps it was because we were in Vegas,  and Bouchon was in the Venetian with a heavy tourist population, but nonetheless, the vibe didn't scream out "5 stars".The service was slow, probably due to the overly packed restaurant, and the vibe really reminded me of an energetic Cheesecake Factory.The food itself was good.  There definitely was no comparison to Keller's other restaurants...not even in the same category, but regardless, it was good.  I started with the squash salad, which was interesting and good.  For my entree, I had the special, which was a top sirloin prepared sous vide with a side of spinach and mashed.  The meat was very lean and prepared very well, no complaints here.The part of the meal that did stand out was the homemade bread.  So good and buttery.I might give Bouchon another chance and try the one in Beverly Hills.
5	I was happy to discover this place.  This past weekend was the first time I have eaten here.  We got up late Saturday but were lucky that they served brunch on Saturday (and only on Saturday I think) so we wouldn't miss out on the wonderful food and atmosphere this place has to offer.  The service was outstanding.  We waited sometimes only three minutes before some of our food came.  We kind of did eurobrunch backwards by ordering a  cheese sampler plate before our meal.  We sampled cow, sheep, and some goat cheese that they had.  All were delicious.  The French toast (as reported by the New York times) lived up to its distinction of being some of the best French toast you can get in the United States!  My traditional boudin blanc with scrambled eggs was also very good.  I loved the high ceilings and authentic French Bistro feel of the place.  It is tucked away in the Venetian complex and not out in the main commerce area so you kind of have to know where you are going to find this place.  Ask a concierge or look it up on a map before you try to find it.  It is well worth it!  There is no view of the strip but there is a view of a nice courtyard and it makes it kind of more exclusive, calmer, and less touristy feeling than my other French Vegas hangout, Mon Ami Gabbi.  I highly recommend both of these restaurants.  I have found a new Vegas tradition!  Be sure to try one of their well made Bellinis or a French 77 as a brunch aperitif!
5	Hubby said, "I would definitely come back to this place." Coming from Hubby, that's as good of a compliment as you can get.This place was absolutely delicious, even though my experience was marred by the fact that I had caught a cold and didn't have much of an appetite.Since this restaurant isn't on the casino level of the floor, it felt like we were being transported to a different world, away from the crowded, fast-paced environment below. I almost felt like Hubby and I were back in Europe on my bar trip again.Anyways, back to the food. We went on the weekend, so they had a brunch menu in addition to their normal menu. We shared the corned beef hash and the ham steak and eggs. They were both excellent. The ham steak was from some farm, and it was probably the best ham steak I've ever had. I don't normally get corned beef hash, but that was also very good, and Hubby loved it. We tried to order the special of the day (crab cakes), but apparently it was so popular that they had already sold out of it.This food was equal to, if not better, than the food we had in France. I can't wait to go back and try the numerous other items on their menu that we didn't get to order this time.
4	I went with my bf, friend and her bf, and we were ready to indulge in some delicious French bistro food. Things started out OK. Bread came out quickly, the girls got a nice bottle of sparking water, and the boys opted for tap. Time goes on, and we get this delicious fois gras in the jar--as my friend said, "best meat cheese EVER!" But despite how delicious our food was, and how happy it made us feel, we could not escape the fact that our waiter was a bumbling idiot.Instance One: I got rather excited when I learned that there was Bouillabaisse as the special. Gasp! Waiter tells me 5 min after ordering that they have no more bouillabaisse. Fine... I go for the trout, order half a dozen oysters, and a side of roasted Brussels sprouts.  Instance Two: Friends ordered a carafe of wine at the beginning of dinner.  After having a glass each, the waiter came by and for some reason decided to pour part of the wine into my friend's half-full water glass... and does NOT tap off the wine that he lost in the glass. Instead, he just brings a new glass of water! Instance Three: The waiter fails again by pouring tap water into our sparkling water glasses. Who does that?!  He was the one who originally poured us our sparkling water.  I prefer that you not dirty it up with tap water unless I ask for it.Instance Four: Waiter brings out my friends' glasses of wine they wanted to pair with their entrees AFTER we finish our meal.  MAJOR FAIL!Instance Five:  He never brings my Brussels sprouts. I was looking forward to having some nice, roasted Brussels sprouts since I don't know how to cook them, but no. Looked on the receipt, and he never put them in.This waiter must've been half asleep, or high on something. Barely an apology from the waiter, and he did nothing to compensate for the terrible service.  Yes, my friends and I should have complained to the manager, but by Instance Two, everything was laughable.  We were having such a good time talking about the waiter's fails and how awkward he made our meal that we didn't think much of it... until the next day when we realized how much money we spent on a meal that was delicious, but warranted much better service.
5	If I could afford to go to Bouchon frequently, I would! Every bite of my food was heaven. For dinner I had the salmon (I don't remember the exact dish name) but it was so so sooo amazing. My friend got the steak and fries, which she loved! And goodness, they were not shy with the FRIES! For dessert we of course got to the Pot de Creme in coffee flavor. Sooo creamy and delicious. We got it again the next day for brunch haha.I wish I could go into more detail, but it's been a few months since I last went. I'll have to re-review when I go back! WHEN I go back!
3	Seriously, Its not that impressive.  Up to a point that I don't even remember what the taste was right after when I walked out the restaurant.The food is mediocre at best.  Nothing to be wowed about.  Service was average at best.I don't know what the hype was about, but everyone in my party believed that it is just an OK place.  There are many more dining options in Vegas, try somewhere else.
5	There was really no part of this meal that was anything but spectacular.  I probably can't add anything new to this slate of almost 700 reviews on here, but if I came back again, I wouldn't do it any differently: start with a couple cocktails, oysters and steamed mussels, move on to french onion soup and a bottle of burgundy, and then finish with the poulet roti, perfectly roasted and juicy chicken served over some kind of potato and apple (?!) slaw sitting in jus.  It was all amazing.  Also, the spaghetti squash with honey glazed cranberries, while not exactly the highlight of the meal, tasted exactly like christmas.  You'll know what I mean, even if you're Jewish.We got out of there for around $120 a person, and I have to say I feel like as far as fine dining goes in Vegas, we did alright.  If there was a Bouchon in Chicago, I'd be back in a heartbeat.
5	This is the best breakfast in Vegas.  It's the kind of place to linger, so though they'll probably try to accommodate it, I wouldn't recommend Bouchon for just a quick breakfast because you would miss so much of the overall experience.  They don't take reservations for breakfast, so call ahead of time.  It's a bit tricky to find.  Start from the Venetian lobby, ask for directions at the info desk or concierge and follow the signs to Venezia tower and Bouchon.  The room is beautiful and you can get seating inside or outside that overlooks the pool.  Service is very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.  The breakfast food is spectacular, and the menu items are pretty diverse with the standard egg/'meat meals, things like french toast and waffles and very french fare like the croque madame and egg gratin.  Some dishes come with one of their famous pastries, but if not I recommend you order one anyway.   The ingredients are extremely fresh - the eggs themselves are just amazing.
5	I am a huge fan. We snuck in just before the stroke of 10pm on a monday night. And boy am I glad we made it. Terrific food - french bistro. Great drinks - nice wines. And loved the attentive and informative services. We had it all here my dears - except for the ginormous seafood sampler platter, but who could possibly consume all that seafood!Very fresh oysters, lovely dressed salad, I had a few bites of short rib - melt in my mouth, and profiteroles for dessert (YUM!). Cute digs too!
4	Hands down a solid 5 star restaurant, great job Mr. Thomas Keller. But your service there sucks! Upon arriving we were given a homemade roll that was placed on our table instead of in a basket or on a plate like I saw from other tables, wait staff was not attentative at all, food and drink service after our meal hit the table were never inquired about, but the table behind us ordering a crap load of food had great service! I understand that maybe we weren't any big fish in your restaurant, but still we were dining paying customers which I believe we should still receive a certain level of service. That's where it dropped the ball for me.
4	I should of eaten here first before experiencing the world-renown French Laundry.  This place was not close to being in the same vicinity as Thomas Keller's sister restaurant.  The food is good but not great.  I ordered a salad to start- and to be honest with you, all I remember is that the salad had way to much vinegar.  It was one of the specials of the evening, and frankly didn't find it that special.  For my main entree- I ordered the steak and frites.  The steak was prepared nicely.  Definite taste of shallots.  Anthony Bourdain recommended the frites.  I've tasted better fries.   The coffee to end the meal had a not so freshly brewed taste to it.  The service was A-1.  From the host to the waiter and his assistants.  Very attentive.  Would I go here again-  MEH-  Would I recommend this restaurant to my friends, I probably would recommend other places in Las Vegas first.
5	While a trip to the French Laundry isn't in the cards for a while now, I definitely wanted to hit up Bouchon. After getting lost trying to find the place, I had one of the best meals I've ever had!I just read a review that ate probably the same day I ate there. We also got bread on the table. I didn't have a problem with this. With the white butcher paper on top of the table cloth, and Bouchon being a simple brasserie, I thought it added some playfulness to the event.Our service was quite good, it seemed that the team that covered our table was a well oiled machine.  We later found out that our original waitress had to leave for some emergency, and our new waiter seamlessly filled in.  Water was always filled, and service kept things moving without feeling rushed.Food: the cheese plate was delicious with a good mix of some foreign and domestic cheeses. I don't know enough about cheese, but all tasted quite good.the lobster was sweet and briny, you could taste the ocean.french onion soup had the perfect amount of salt and cheese, and of course loaded with onions!the Boudin Noir (blood sausage) with caramelized apples and mashed potatoes was a revelation. I'm a big peasant food fan, and the rich sausage combined with the sweet apples was perfect.the beef bourguignon was quite delicous, a nice sized portion of beef rib on top of some tender noodles and root vegetables. reminded me more of a beef stew, but still damn good.the lamb medallions were also great. I love gamey meat but my table mates usually don't. The meat was just gamey enough to know you weren't eating straight up beef. It was seasoned and cooked very well.we apparently had some "off the menu" desserts, some creme bruleee and "bouchons" little delicious chocolate cakes topped with homemade ice cream was both delicious. the strawberry ice cream being especially delicious "ma! they got real strawberries in here!"also, I'm pretty ignorant about wine, but whatever we had was good. I also enjoyed some kronenburgs "the budweiser of france". coffee service was pretty ordinary, but after the mountain of food we ate, we weren't paying much attention.while I usually can't afford to eat in this budget range, there was no moment where I though we were over paying. the care and attention given to the food and its ingredients were well worth the price we paid.While it's still my dream to eat at the French Laundry, a trip to Bouchon is a damn good alternative!
5	I can't say I discovered this place, and with 700 reviews I am not sure there's much that I can add.  I was lucky since they stay open later on weekends so we could enjoy "brunch" here instead of an early breakfast.  I had read about Bouchon in the travel pages of the New York Times, and decided to eat here the next time I was in Las Vegas.  I was not disappointed.  The service was fast and efficient, my champagne cocktail tasted fantastic (nothing like those sour Mimosas I've had before), and the French Toast (bread pudding style) was  unbelievably good. My friend enjoyed his eggs with white sausage. Best of all, when the check came, Bouchon was nowhere as expensive as I had imagined (okay it wasn't cheap either but a much better value than a lot of other restaurants in Las Vegas).  Perhaps because it is hidden away (almost literally) upstairs and down some hallways at the Venetian.  Now that I've found it, I plan on going back again the next time I am in Las Vegas.
1	If I could give this restaurant negative stars, I would.  The service was atrocious and I got sick from the tiny plate of food I EVENTUALLY received.  Very disappointed to say the least.  They were willing to comp my COFFEE because of the long waits...how sad.  I think Thomas Keller would be embarrassed if he knew what a pathetic experience we had.
5	I finally made it back to Bouchon and this time for brunch.It was the best breakfast I had on this trip...er, although I as subject to convention food breakfast, so relatively speaking it honestly doesn't take much to be a best breakfast.That's not to say the food was bad. No, it was very very good.Our waiter, whose name I do not recall sadly, led us through some recommendations that we were very happy with.* Sweetbreads to start. Mmm, glands. It was on the specials chalkboard.* Pan roasted trout, piled with vegetables. With clear eyes on the fish head. Fresh!* Chicken and waffles. Yummy. Is it really French? Do I care?And lots of coffee. Definitely the priciest of breakfasts, and worth it.We admired the selection of absinthe at the bar, and also the good beers on tap. I couldn't really feel any "food magic" in the space. It felt like the typical good food decadence I feel in the strip area of Vegas.  But if I can walk into a restaurant, see the food I'm eating, and dine without hearing the endless bings and bonks of casino machines, I'm pretty happy.Service and food can't be faulted for anything, for my experience. But I was bummed that the people at two small tables nearby me seemed unhappy. One duo effectively dined alone, as their food arrived 15 minutes apart and there was never a time they had food together on the table. Another, um, gererously portioned couple seemed unhappy with the size of their meals. Since casinos are probably not very far away from handing out collectible feed sacks to strap to our faces in the buffets, I leave it to the latter couple to sort out what best meets their dining expectations.  For the former, the management came and resolved the issue as best they could and I admire the duo for leaving the waiter a very generous tip, as the timing of the food preparation was not his fault.I've done a dinner here, as well as a brunch. It was very good, but I probably don't need to return for a meal. Bouchon has kind of blown its wad and I don't get the impression that an encore is necessary.Maybe for some absinthe, or a pastry from the bakery.
4	This is my go to place for breakfast on the strip. Sunny and soothing perch, high above the casino and strip. Just love the ambiance of a french bistro with well prepared breakfast at a quite pace. Love the roast chicken for breakfast and the pastry baskets are a divine diversion. Cringe when I see folks having bacon & eggs.  All this ambiance for that???? (I love bacon & eggs, just not at a french style bistro)Can't review dinner, cuz the dinner menu has never moved me. Just go and have a relaxing euro style breakfast.
5	Not cheep, but fabulous, fabulous, FABULOUS!!  Not only was the food  great and service top notch, but the staff really went out of their way to make it a special night for my girlfriends and I who were in Vegas to celebrate.   I had high expectations and they managed to exceed every one of them.  I just wanted to the give the staff a big hug when I left, it was just that great!
5	I've stayed at the Venetian a number of times and always pass by Bouchon without stopping by. A friend had mentioned the amazing brunch they serve at here.  Figured it was time to give it a try.Everything on the menu sounded really great but i finally settled on the chicken and waffles.  i realize it's not the fanciest thing on the menu, but i was curious how they prepared the chicken.  Lo and behold the chicken was marvelous.  The skin was slightly crispy and flavorful and the meat was tender.The waffles were a little strange in the beginning.  I've never had dill in my waffles before but they grew on me.  They were honestly one of the fluffiest waffles I've ever had in my life.  Light and flavorful.The service started off quite slowly.  We weren't given the proper plating and perhaps it was busy and ran out.  Otherwise, the service was great.
3	The food here was amazing and deserves 5 stars. We went there for breakfast yesterday, and I would highly recommend the Croque Madame. Great pastries as well;The service was a catastrophe; we waited for 15 minutes after being seated to just receive a glass of water; our waitress never came to ask what we wanted to eat, nor greeted us; we received coffee that we did not ordered, and two orange juices;I had to grab a waitress from another section in order to order our food ! Plenty of managers, but probably all of them in training.I would go back for the quality of their cuisine, but if the service does not improve, that will be my last.
4	Bouchon was a great find thanks to OpenTable!  I never knew there were so many different types of oysters and each one tasted completely different!  We ordered 2 different entrees which were the steak frites and gnocchis.  The steak was tender and juicy and cooked just right served with an onion sauce that went well with the steak.  I think the gnocchi was one of the best gnocchi we've ever had.  It wasn't too light and it wasn't too heavy.  The gnocchi was cooked perfectly.  We was very pleased with our meal.  And who can complain with the great prices!
3	This was to be our big splurge for the trip.  I was hoping for one of those all-time unforgettable meals, but it was only OK. My husband ordered the salmon pate for a starter, and, though it was a fun presentation and a tasty combination of two kinds of salmon and creme fraiche, a little went a long way.Probably my biggest complaint about our meal overall was proportion. Way too much of a good thing is a bad thing. We felt like we ought to finish the big pot of salmon pate, but then along comes my enormous bowl of steamed mussels so full that no human could have finished it. There were probably 60 in the bowl. After the 25th, I just started to feel sick. And the gorgeous french fries that came with it went completely untouched, because if there's one thing the mussels had to much of (besides mussels,) it was salt. Wanting a green veg, I ordered a side of spinach which was great for the first couple of bites, but it was swimming in butter.I will say the bread was wonderful, and the wine was terrific. I had Pinot Gris and my husband had the Syrah with his Beoff Bourgonoine, which he devoured.So, Bouchon, if you're reading this--please consider shrinking your portion sizes, reconsider the pairing of fries with the mussels, and lighten up on the salt already. Thanks.
4	Jon A. was an instant fan once we found out that Bouchon would take some effort to get to. At first, we thought we could get to the Venetian from the Palazzo, but we didn't find a secret passageway that would get us there. We then managed to find the entrance to the Venetian and find a casino directory that would help us get to Bouchon. There were instructions on the map itself that indicated that we would need to take the guest elevators to the 10th floor to find it. We successfully convinced the security guard that although we did not have room keys to the Venetian, we did want to visit Bouchon on the 10th floor. A few floors higher, we crossed a lounge area and selected the path that would take us across a skyway and straight into the welcoming arms of Bouchon.Now that the trek was over, we were greeted by a friendly host who promptly showed us to a table. We admired the breakfast menu for some time and luckily looked up long enough to see the chalkboards with the day's specials. Jon ordered one of them: three-egg omelet with short ribs, tomatoes, and cheddar. He also got a side of pommes lyonnaise (sliced potatoes and onions, cooked in butter and herbs until golden brown). I went with the Bouchon French toast. All of their juice offerings are freshly squeezed, so we tried the orange juice.While we waited for our food, we surveyed the bar's selection from our table since the menu listed each of their breakfast cocktails at $12 each, including mimosas and bloody maries. (They must use real champagne from Champagne, France and fresh-squeezed orange juice for those mimosas.) They seemed to have a nice selection of the hard stuff, but Jon wasn't impressed with the scotch selection.The food made me happy that we chose Bouchon for breakfast: the eggs that made up the omelet shell were nice and fluffy, and the short rib meat inside was cooked perfectly. The pommes lyonnaise made me want to learn how to make it so that I could eat it at home. And the French toast, albeit small in portion size, was delicate and combined several of my favorite things: brioche, apples, custard, and bread pudding. Definitely a great start to the day.The restaurant was relatively quiet (definitely quiet compared with the hubbub in the casino area), the atmosphere was calm and elegant, and there wasn't anything to complain about the service. In fact, they probably refilled our water glasses one too many times, but they never let them stay low or empty for longer than two minutes.The verdict: Great splurge breakfast spot. (We left there $45 lighter, including tax and tip.) It's a nice oasis that makes you (mostly) forget that you're on the Strip.
5	Had the steak frites for breakfast. Yeah I know what was I thinking right? This was the best steak I have ever had. Seriously. Ordered rare and just melted in my mouth. The fries were delicious and piled on high. A bit pricey but It was well worth it. My friend had some type of belgian waffles(bananna maybe) and my other friend had some type an omelet. I forget, I was paying attention to my food. I wasn't even drunk either because like I said we went for breakfast. Pricey food but well worth it in my opinion. The service was on point. The server recommended an excellent wine as well. I believe it was a syrah? Not sure what brand or year. I'm not a connoisseur when it comes to wine, but it balanced out well with my meal. I would definitely eat here again and maybe even actually order breakfast during breakfast time. Ha but I couldn't pass up the steak. I would definitely eat here again. Go eat there right meow.
4	I love french bistro for brunch.  Pastries, butter, eggs, cheese, bread, mimosas, champagne cocktails, butter, butter, butter, so what better place to go than Thomas Keller's Bouchon.   Started out with the pastry sampler as an *appetizre*, ordered the daily special omelette (rapini, housemade sausage, country cheese) and the ham steak and eggs.  Damn, those home fries were excellent.  Service was excellent--waiter smartly turned us towards the hibiscus champagne drink (instead of strawberry) and plenty were imbibed.  If you love breakfast/brunch as much as I do (and I do), I highly recommend.
4	We stayed at Venetian in the past and only saw the small Bouchon  to-go bakery on the lower level, I never realized an entire restaurant would be on the upper floor of the hotel!We came here for lunch. Got the smoked salmon with cream cheese chive sandwich. This was delicious with some capers intermixed in between. I don't usually like smoked salmon but I though I'd try it here and it was delicious. salmon sandwich: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?userid=OhFp0SPP5udI9EccfpzQ_gOthers got the pork belly special which was presented quite nicely. My friend who's been to the Bouchon in Napa says they are comparable in taste.pork belly:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=CrbIl0aP3b-AFMtoK2Vv5wNoting this down as a restaurant that is worth the revisit to get a pricier entree. (IE: Not something that I later found downstairs at their to-go bakery :(! )I'm sad I missed out on the macarons which apparently are delicious!
3	I'm not gonna lie. I wasn't really impressed. I just expected more from Mr. Thomas Keller of three-star Michelin French Laundry fame.Maybe it was brunch. Maybe it was Vegas. Or maybe it was just me--young, idealistic, demanding, and incapable of being blown away anymore. We began with a chocolate croissant, which was too flaky for my love for dough. Then the bakery was out of raspberry beignets at 11am on a Sunday. Next we had the Steak Frites and an Omelette with Homemade Sausage, Broccoli Rabe, and Cheese (a special). Yes, the steak and fries were enjoyable, but $33.50 for a flat iron and fries? Really? Yes, the omelette was fluffy, but $16 for beaten eggs? Really? Anthony Bourdain said restaurants mark up food by 300%--this was more like 600%.Mr. Keller has fallen a little in my eyes but I'm sure a trip to the French Laundry will remedy that. I'm accepting dates there right now if anyone is interested.
5	Impeccable food, impeccable service. We started with beignets, which arrived warm and came with the most amazing spiced jam. We moved from sweet to salty with an order of pommes frites. They were perfect.I ordered the Chicken & Waffles. It consisted of roasted chicken, a bacon and chive waffle, a Tahitian vanilla bean butter, and sauce chasseur. My cousin ordered the daily quiche, which was a roquefort. It was rich and savory. I love the food, my mimosa was delish. I can't wait to visit the Beverly Hills location.
3	The food is good, but man the service is SLLLLOOOWWW....!Had reservations for 14 at Bouchon last night, they didn't really know how to handle us.  It took forever for them to take our orders, and once our orders were in we waited a really long time for our food to arrive.  I was starving.With that having been said, they serve these really great hot roasted pistachios and pain epi w/ butter to start, very delicious.  I ordered the endive, radicchio, fuji apple, roquefort and walnut salad, it was very refreshing, I ate up all of it.  Then I had some brussel sprouts and mac n cheese as my entree since there weren't many options for vegetarians, that was quite good as well.  I skipped dessert.There wasn't really anything I had which I would die to have again, but the food was very good nonetheless.  P.S. Folks at my table couldn't stop raving about the raw oysters, which I didn't try, but I guess that would be the thing to order.
3	we walked in around 6pm on a weekday and the restaurant was full until 9pm, so make sure u make reservations.  we got seated at the lounge.i am not too into the food here, but the waiters were top-notch: entertaining and gentlemanly.  service was really slow though.
5	This is maybe my 7th time eating here. I took a group there last night and it was superb! We had Kumomoto oysters to start as well as shrimp. The raw bar is impressive to look at and eating from it, even better.  One guest had the Laitue salad, a mix of bibb lettuces and fine herbs and the house vinaigrette. She is very picky and usually likes iceberg and ranch - she ate every bite!For main courses we all shared. Steak Frites, Salmon and Lentils and Crispy Skinned Striped Bass with Gnocchi, Forested Mushrooms and Black Truffle Mousseline.  Divine. Everything was cooked to perfection and every guest was happy and impressed. Our server Amy D was very knowledgeable, very gracious and the perfect server. Not to "waity" and she was right there when we needed her (all the while maintaining her section).  Our desserts ranged from Profiteroles, Lemon Tart, Chocolate Bouchons w/ Strawberry, Orange and Mint Ice Cream + Some kind of Hazelnut Gateau with housemade hazelnut ice cream. They also had hazelnuts and fresh honey on the side. Amy sent an additional dessert, Housemade Tarte Tatin w/ vanilla ice cream. I was in heaven and then some. The wine list is very extensive and since my guests are used to paying $16+ for a glass of wine, I chose simple, Macon, Mehlville Pinot and for myself a splurge of Billecart Brut Salmon bubbles. We had a blast!
4	Once we found Bouchon, (it was not easy to get to from inside the Casino) I was taken aback with the understated decor.  It felt a little on the cold side but the food made up for it.  Beignets de Brandade de Morue was delicious and so was the Puree of Sunchoke Soup. I ordered the fries because Anthony Bourdain raved about them on his show, but I was not overly impressed with them.Service was friendly but got a little too busy as to make it slightly inconvenient.
3	Had breakfast here when a friend visited Vegas. It was an okay experience. Great for a relaxing meal with friends or significant others, we sat outside. Food was not memorable, coffee was not fantastic.
3	There is nothing I can't tell you the other 700+ people haven't already, but I need to add my two cents.Bouchon is a wonder in Las Vegas. I hit this place for breakfast (if I get up in time) at least twice each trip to the city. The clouds of pommes frites, crusty epi baguettes and wonderful sauces keep me coming back. What doesn't: the service. Out of the multitude of times I have eaten here, I have only once gotten decent service. Is it the early mornings? The management? I don't know, but they can't keep any decent servers here. It is bordering on comical.But one moment thinking of their tuna tartine, and I am back there again, wanting more.
4	4.5 stars.What they say is true about Bouchon and Thomas Keller.  It's amazing!I read from other yelpers that dinner was not worth it, so instead, I took my friend for lunch/brunch for her birthday.  We both loved our food!  Even though 2 of our friend didn't get the food and taste that they were looking for, but I thought my Croque Madame was the best I've had!  Really reminded me of my visit in Paris.  The other really awesome dish was Chicken and Waffle.  I would totally go back for them again.  Portions were generous.Our waitress was really friendly, and the decor is amazing because it's inside the beautiful venetian.  Overall, just a relaxing atmosphere for a Sunday to end our trip.
5	My bf and I came here to check out the famous Bouchon after seeing it on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations.  Anthony made a big deal about the duck fat fries, and really, I was so full from my earlier buffet, that we were good with just sitting at the bar, ordering a couple drinks + the famous fries.  My bf got a beer, nothing special, and I got the absinthe drip, which was very entertaining to me, as I have been playing around with absinthe lately.  (If you're curious, the absinthe drip is when they place a slotted spoon on top of a glass of absinthe.  A sugar cube is placed on to the slotted spoon, and ice cold water is dripped via a dispenser on to the sugar cube to dissolve it into the absinthe.  Very cool.  No fire though.)  The duck fat fries really were to die for.  They were thin cut, crispy, and flavorful.  (I had McD's later and wanted to cry they were so awful in comparison.)  The ambience was very classy and the service was top notch.  I'd come back for a nice dinner if I ever am in town again.
5	How does one get through 3 days in Vegas when not interested in all its depressing entertainments?  i.e. idiotic gambling, horrific musicals and shows, strip clubs, ridiculous luxury shopping, and trashy people watching??Better get yourself to some restaurants!!  And it doesn't get better than Bouchon.  Friendly staff, tasteful grand bistro style, unique cocktails, and of course amazing Thomas Keller food.  I've never been to French Laundry, but if this is what he's able to do for the $20-35 entree, FL must be paradise!  I had the special slow-cooked pork short ribs.  Perfectly cooked and delicious on a bed of flavourful cabbage.  Apps and desserts were great too. Service was wise, prompt, and nice.  Great from start to finish.  (Bouchon Bakery in the main part of the Venetian is about as good as it's going to get in Las Vegas for your morning coffee too).
3	If you're not getting pastries, this place seems to just be ordinary. I was expecting a lot more, especially since Bouchon has the Thomas Keller name behind it. Brunch was a bit of a disappointment but hey maybe dinner is better?
4	For those who don't know; Bouchon is an amazing restaurant.  I have to say that my experiences here will never be forgotten, and I look forward to all my future visits.  That being said, if I could only choose one time to dine at Bouchon; it would be lunch/brunch.  The selection at that time is just remarkable.  The fresh bakery rolls and croissants are among the best in Vegas.  Bouchon is special and makes you feel special for being there.
4	I came here on my last day at Las Vegas for a trade show. I was really craving for french toast. So I got the Bouchon French Toast which is not your typical french toast from other restaurant. It was bread pudding style with warm layers of brioche, custard & apples served with maple syrup. The sweetness of the dish was perfect. I wanted more after I finished it. I started eating off my friend's Breakfast Americano dish. His dish was a good deal - two eggs any syle served with bacon, country sausage, pommes frites & toasted brioche include your choice of a breakfast pastry, fresh juice & Bouchon blend coffee. I finished his pastry. I was on a carb and sugar load =). Also, Bouchon was too good to be leaving not feeling full.
5	I really wanted to find a great breakfast during this last trip to Las Vegas. One can get very tired of the standard Eggs/Bacon/Toast combination offered in any of the Casino Properties.When you think Thomas Keller or Bouchon breakfast isn't really what comes to mind. Located on the 10th floor Venezia Tower in The Venetian hotel, Bouchon delivered exactly what I was looking for. As expected the decor was Country French however there was a little bit of Vegas mixed in through vibrant colors in the tile and murals. While standard breakfast fare was certainly available, the menu including the Quiche du Jour , Sourdough Waffles and Croque Madam. I went for an Omlette with sausage, button mushrooms & comte. The perfect fluffy omlette had a great earthy flavor that was truly delightful. It was accompanied by Brioche Toast with house made Cranberry Jam, Hobbs Bacon and a side of Pomme Frites. I am looking forward to my return here in a few months.
5	Normally all you have to say is Thomas Keller and that's the end of the discussion, but if you have no idea who that is then you have to try this restaurant.  Its the only place outside of Napa Valley or New York where you can try his food.The breakfast/brunch is fantastic and they have constantly changing daily specials.  The dinner service is equally phenominal.  Some of my favorite items are the saffron mussels and the boeuf bourguignon.  Both excellent examples of classic dishes.Definitely try the breakfast breads and the french toast or croque madame.  No matter when you go or what you get you have to order their pomme frites.  The best french fries you'll ever have.
5	Two of the best meals I've ever had were enjoyed here at Thomas Keller's Bouchon. Many thanks to a great colleague who HIGHLY recommended it {It's one of her favorite places & she's a big-time foodie!} as well as my entree!I made reservations a few days before me & my husband's arrival in Vegas, fully preparing for what would hopefully be a great dining experience. As soon as he & I found the restaurant {which was a challenge for us the first time, as it's located a few floors up in the new tower of the Venetian and we didn't realize it} and were immediately greeted by a friendly concierge, we knew we were in for a treat :-) Especially when we walked past their seafood display - wowza, I though the Hub's eyes would pop out of his sockets when he caught a glimpse of those oysters on the half shell!As we took our seats, we also took in the lovely brasserie setting - perfectly tiled floors, sumptuous fabrics and of course, chalk boards announcing the day's specials were spot-on to the brasseries we visited in Paris two summers ago... so lovely!The meal was to die for, each component better than the last. Beginning with some kind of fabulous "French" cocktail, that had a hint of lemon and served perfectly chilled in a martini glass. Then, that fantastic, super-crunchy-on-the-outside, soft-on-the-inside, French bread & butter - served ever so casually, right on our butcher-paper lined table. We then moved on to those oysters and the French Onion soup. I'm not usually a bit fan of this type of soup {except for the crisp cheese on the edge of the bowl} but the depth of flavors in this one were phenomenal, and not to be missed! I greatly enjoyed the steak frites for my entree, however, I could have done with a bit less of the shallot butter on top - every other aspect was divine. The steak - even if a flatiron cut - was an ideal medium rare & perfectly tender and who could go wrong with french fried potatoes?!? All in all a fabulous meal, great service & an all-in-all unforgettable experience {which I did repeat on a more recent trip, ha!}.
4	We had a great dining experience at Bouchon. I really enjoyed the entrees we ordered. They failed to mention the specials, which was a little odd, but made up for it with a sampling of the special. I had the scallops, which were, hands-down, the best scallops I've ever had. They literally melted in my mouth. Amazing. The braised short rib was full of flavor, but a little less fall-apart than I expected. Still great though. My date had the half-chicken, which was super tasty. I wished the skin would have been more crisp, but the flavor was terrific.On the downside, I thought the tables were a bit close together.  I thought the wait staff went far beyond my expectations. Overall, I'd say 4 stars.
5	I agree with many of the reviewers who say that this is one of best dining experiences they had in Las Vegas.  We had an early (5:30) dinner on a quiet Wednesday and were seated promptly at a large round table for just the two of us which afforded us a great view of the restaurant.We had the Gigot d'Agneaum (roasted rack of lamb) and the Boeuf Bourguignon with Pommes Frites and shared a marinated beet & poached pear salad with toasted hazelnuts. Together with a bottle of cabernet our dinner was excellent.  The server staff were there whenever you needed them but never intrusive and were ever helpful about answering our questions and changing our silverware and plates.The place did not start filling up until around 6:30 but the noise level never rose to more than a medium hum in the spacious and cavernous room.  Unlike some fine dinner houses in town, one can actually hear the person next to them at the table.We were really impressed by the staff, atmosphere and dining experience and will definitely revisit Buchon next year.
5	Excellent all around.  Coffee's great, jelly that comes with the croissants is outstanding (as are the croissants).They give you a lot of food, so be aware of that, but otherwise, great morning experience in Vegas at the Venetian.Definitely go to the restaurant on the 10th floor, though.  The one on the main floor of the casino is more of a deli/quick stop and the lines are tremendously long.  The restaurant is much more calm and organized
4	yes i was in vegas again over this past weekend. and i finally got to try Bouchon. Since I stayed at the Venezia this time, it was very convenient to have brunch at Bouchon.We requested to sit by the window - it was terrific! great view of the pool and nice natural light from the sun. Service was good. Water was refilled quite often w/o being asked. Our waiter was nice and when our food took a long time, he came to our table and apologize for the long wait.Complimentary Epi Baguette was freshly baked since it was still warm and soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. And it came w/ butter and cranberry jellyi ordered Croque Madame ($19) -  the toasted brioche w/ ham & cheese was so light and crispy, all topped w/ a sunny side egg...now to be honest, if it was made just like that.... it would have been just okay for a sandwich..nothing wow, BUT what made this sandwich so special was the mornay sauce - you would think the sauce would be rich and heavy, but it wasn't It was perfect. This dish came w/ the some delicious pommes frites. chicken & waffles ($25) - it was delicious. the roasted chicken was tender and juicy.  The chicken alone had enough flavor, i didn't even need the sauce that came w/ it. the waffle was not just regular waffles it was a bacon & chives waffles = fla-vor-ful!!!!!!!!!! sourdough waffles w/ bananas ($12) - it was good - nothing special.. i do like their Tahitian vanilla bean butter.
4	You know Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles is onto something when people from SD are willing to drive up to LA just for their chicken and Waffles.  Bouchon has taken this mix of breakfast and un-breakfast dish and brought it to a whole new level.  The menu says: Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle,Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce chasseurMy stomach says, "More please!"  The waffles have a very very light batter, almost too light.  As you cut into them with your fork they have a distinct crunch as you break the crispy outer edge and continue into the light and fluffy interior that has been peppered with bacon and chives.  It is what normally is a sweet dish and made it savory.  The blend of saltiness and sweet speaks to your tongue in harmony as you lightly dip it into the warm maple syrup served on the side.  I didn't care for the vanilla bean butter but I also couldn't taste the vanilla bean, it was more-so just butter.  The Chicken was wonderful.  The white meat was a boneless breast cooked to perfection so when you cut into it, the skin crunches and the juices ooze out.  The sauce it came with was nothing to write about except the large bacon chunks in it.  The only minor complaint would be the price tag.  At $25 it's a little steep but hey, quality over quantity.  It's still definitely worth it.
4	My memorable experience at Bouchon was part food and part service.  While the food was good the service was exceptional.  Food first...I had the steak which was cooked so tender.  I thought it would be too salty but it was seasoned just right.  And the fries that came with it were so crispy!  I also tried some of my friend's chicken which was also very juicy and flavorful.  I know that was short and probably won't win me many "useful" votes but on to the service!My group absolutely LOVED the bread and butter that starts off the meal.  We loved the butter so much, my friend asked the waiter where it comes from.  Within 5 minutes, he brought out the cheese and dairy specialist who explained to us the origin of the butter and even told us the exact VILLAGE where it is made!  Then the unthinkable happens...The manager comes out and talks to us about the butter!  He heard through the grapevine about our infatuation with the spread that he brought out 2 vacuum-sealed sticks of butter along with 4 loaves of bread for us to take home!  He even gave us suggestions on how to keep it from melting while we party the night away at XS.  IBouchon, thank you for a great quirky story to re-tell.  Waiting to meet you again for brunch =]
4	After my Table Ten dinner experience(which was superb) the following morning I skipped work and had brunch at Bouchon.We went in at around 10 on a Sunday, so it was busy, but not too bad of a wait though.( 10 minutes)Our waitress was in training, believe it was her second day, but still didn't diminish our experience. Just had trouble with some of the words, it is French afterall. I'm glad she was new instead of something else, like her hating her job. The restaurant itself is very nice, much larger than I had thought. With an outdoor seating arrangement as well, which is by the pool area. But you really should enjoy that when you Can enjoy it. When it's warm. Croissants and toast,(not together) came before us. Moderation is key, but the hell with that when it comes to pastries. Escpecially French ones. Very good but not surprised. That's how it should be. The jam. Damn. My girlfriend was telling me how people snatch this up, and they actually sell it down in the bakery. That it's very, very popular. And when I tried it, I could see why, it was very fresh, it was just jam, but it was like I was eating it for the first time. You put jam to advance the toast, you put this jam on your toast because it's an edible plate. Oh rite I ate food here too, sorry. The HAM STEAK & EGGS($25) and OMELETTE du JOUR($17) was our entres. No complaints here, it's just after we ordered we started seeing all these other meals that looked much more scrumptious, with French fries and an omelette that was as big as a persons foot. Just good stuff. The omelette comes with either bacon or sausage. The sausage is very packed(with vitamins?). We kinda had our fill of the meat, because I'm assuming, by accident? I ordered a cutting board full of different meats sliced very thin. I guess I ordered it. I just said yes when he(my waiter) said something French. So don't be embarassed to ask, or say something when you're not sure, like me. No regrets though, had I not inadvertently said oui, I wouldn't have gotten whatever it is I ordered. Which was very good by the way. Oh and I believe I might have built up that jam up just a tad. I mean it's good, but I don't want you to think somethings wrong with me if you don't like it......................... Maybe somethings wrong with you.
4	Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard with a little sea salt makes me giddy like a kid on Christmas morning.  Beignets de Brandade de Morue and I'm in fried sage heaven. Blood sausage with potato puree and that is about all I can handle before my head explodes from all the yummyness.  It will be  hard to top this meal.  My boyfriend and I made reservations through Open Table a few days before hand.  We were seated immediately on a Sunday evening, no wait, no hassles.  The restaurant was packed.  We were unfortunately seated in a less then agreeable table near the front of the restaurant that happened to be on the well beaten staff foot path.  My boyfriend had his back bumped more then a few times by passing staff which was kind of annoying to him (so minus 1/2 star for that).  I really want to give Bouchon at the Venetian 5 stars because the food is so amazing, but I have to minus one more 1/2 star for our flighty waiter.  We didn't order the blood sausage dinner but we were brought one anyway.  We ended up really liking it so it turned out to be fine in the end.  He also suggested a wine that was not that great either...a $$$ French Pinot that I can't remember the name of.  Of course being not too picky about wine we did end up drinking the bottle, but decided the cheap Ravenswood Zinfandel from our previous nights dinner was much better.  :)  Maybe I'm just a not a Pinot Noir person.  We felt a little put out spending a $140.00 on a bottle of wine that we didn't really enjoy...it started out fine, but didn't finish well.I also want to add that we had two lovely Manahattan apertifs to start the meal, and they were exquisite so kudos to the bartender.  All in all it was a lovely meal and I can't wait to go back.
4	Escargot with butter puff pastry-  5 star  French Onion Soup-  3 star (was nothing special)Duck Breast dish-  3.5 star  (Duck was great, but sauce was mediocre)Pomme Frites-  2 star (Mickey D's tastes better)Macaroni Au Gratin-  2 star (Macaroni Grill is sadly better)Oysters-  5 star (how could this possibly suck, right?)Chicken Dish-  5 star (Was told it's one of the most popular dishes.  I hate ordering chicken at any posh restaurant, but this was actually the best chicken I've had in my life)Gnocchi-  8 stars  (I drool when I think about it) To get to the point: Order the oysters, escargot, and the gnocchi.
3	BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT EVER! My mother and I returned along with one of her friends from England. What I thought was the Croque Madame, from my previous review, turned out to be the Gratin that is changed on a daily basis. So we would not have been able to order the same thing as our last visit. The waitress did a poor job of trying to explain the menu and ended up with a regretful mess. Our hearts sank as these plates arrived with a giant mound of French fries and a small bland sandwich with an egg on top. All three of us were full and unsatisfied after eating this Croque Madame and only a few of the fries. The only saving grace was the coffee, with breakfast, and the pastries, from downstairs, at the Bouchon Bakery.
4	Finally made it to Bouchon on Sunday with my girlfriends. The Steak Frites was fabulous -- so tender and flavorful, thicker than I expected, and perfectly cooked. Two of us got steak so our helpful waitress suggested we switch one of the sides of fries for something else so I got the haricot vert which were slightly over cooked.  :-(  On the other hand, the fries were fabulous and one serving was definitely enough for all 4 of us to share!  LOL!  For dessert, we had the "doughnuts" but they were nothing like any other donut I've ever had.  So good, it just melted in your mouth!  The cream filing was to die for!!  I would have given them 5 stars except that my friend's Croque Madame was way too salty.  Would definitely come back and looking forward to trying the Bouchon in LA.
5	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants now. I will go back to Las Vegas JUST to eat at Buchon again.We enjoyed our dinner so much we even went back for breakfast the next morning.We had a reservation and were seated promptly. Our waiter was highly entertaining and well informed about the menu. The Buchon signature cocktail started my meal off perfectly and the warm baguette, served directly from the table paper with homemade butter, was almost worth it by itself.My dinner was a short rib special, deliciously braised and served with barley and root vegetables. The sauce was lovely and gave the meal a "deconstructed vegetable soup" presentation that was upscale and comforting at the same time.The creme' brulee wasn't anything remarkable but the chocolate mousse my friend ordered was amazing.I will be sending everyone I know to Buchon. 100% awesome.
4	Not as good as Bouchon in Napa but pretty damn close. Much more affordable than Alize since you're not paying for the view but great French food nonetheless. I'm a big carnivore so the steak frites were yummy yummy to the tummy.
5	I can't believe I forgot to review this. Okay so I've been here several times over a span of years. Been to other Thomas Keller spots- other Bouchons, French Laundry,etc. and I am such a big fan of that man. I hope he's there when I dine so I can try to shake that man's hand. With that said, I still review it with the food in mind. I'm more critical of chefs I like actually and he lives up to what I enjoy. I'm a freak about pates, mention this in every spot that offers it and I can always be bought out happily with that, but it's the other stuff that brings me back.Everything else was exceptional.Appetizer- I love the pork belly sausage with anise.This was a wonderful sausage and I really like the dates and vinegrette pair with it.Main- I've had a leg of lamb with beans dish and a duck breast au poivre and both were executed nicely and cooked right.Dessert- Caramel Creme and Pot De Creme. Simple and hits the comfort food part of my soul. I mostly come here for brunch.Love the Croque Madame, quiches have been flaky and flavorful, and the mussels served with fries are wonderfully  fresh mussels with a nice saffron wine sauce. The whole thing about his fries being the best- these are good fries but its debatable if its the best...on the other side of the casino is Pinot Brasserie and I favor their fries more. To each their own- there is no "best" out there but the "best" to each our taste. Chicken and waffles were good but its not FRIED chicken which I looooveee...separate elements each are yum, but together I can't get past roasted chicken...but the chive and bacon waffle is awesome! . I have no complaints about service. It is decent and hasn't slipped up much. Still it's not the best and the Bouchon Beverly Hills staff is a lot more friendly and attentive to me....and the Napa Bouchon is the friendliest of the Bouchons. This is a recommended spot when people ask me about where to brunch on the strip. I support it by being a Keller fan, I stand by it because it's solid.
1	OMY disappointing! I swear joel robuchon better be WAY BETTER THAN THIS! I had dinner here last week... i had 2 shirley temples..as for apps, i had the  $50 5 oz pate style foie gras = NO BUENO... What i really didnt understand was the extra sea salt that accompanied my foie gras... I didnt need anymore salt on my foie gras... that duck liver was uber salty... i must say this was the WORST foie gras ive ever had! If you guys want good foie gras head over to the palazo... hands down it's WAY better thereOn with the entree....I think i  had their beef short ribs, it was a special!  Man it was dry...and i had better beef short ribs for half the price... also, my veggies were again,HELLLA salty.... whoever was working that sautee line  got salt happy! Even if someone were to invite me here, thanks but no thanks.. im never gonna pay $120 for myself here again!
3	Not as impressed as I thought I would be.The service was, as expected, spectacular.The food, not so much.I thought, based on Yelp reviews, that breakfast was THE meal to have there.  Three of us, and we all tasted each other's dishes, of course! French toast:  Not your traditional french toast, which was to be expected, but I had thought it would forever alter my perception of french toast.  No.  Not at all.   Chef's Special Omelet:  Comes in second place in our competition-of-three.  Large, full of goodies, cooked perfectly.Let's remember, though, it's an OMELET.   Fresh fruit and pastries:  Easily the winner.  Back to Bouchon Bakery it is.  I would rather stand in line, take my pastries and coffee and fresh juice in a bag, find some great place to people-watch, and eat.  For FAR less money, I might add. I love elegant service, don't get me wrong.  I am ALL ABOUT elegant service.  But the food needs to be on the same level as the service.
4	we came to bouchon for lunch and its a bit tucked away inside the venezia.  the waiter demonstrated french inflexibility by giving me a hard time about subbing away my fries and potatoes for salad.  dont worry we did have one order of fries with one of our croque madames already. but two was too much.everything was good.  warm bread with butter and jam.  mixed green salad, a tad salty.  fried chicken with chunky gravy. it had thick bacon in it with carrots and mushrooms!  the waffles were a bit weird for me because they had salty bits of fried chicken in them.  croque madame was perfect!  their brioche bread makes it one fo the best croque madames ive ever had.  then the salmon eggs benedict with sauteed spinach were also perfect.the only imperfect part was feeling like i had eaten too much afterwardsthis last time i came to bouchon we came for dinner.  i ordered a sauteed salmon with mushroom and beans.  lets just say the best part of my dinner was dessert.  we got bouchon and also the strawberry gateau.  yum!
4	We tend to be "less is more" types for meals.  The idea of "all you can eat breakfast buffet", no matter how good it might be touted to be, just isn't our thing.  So, we're glad we followed both the recommendation of acquaintances and our own instincts to choose Bouchon (at the Venetian) for breakfast one morning rather than the buffet at another hotel.  Having enjoyed dinner with at Bouchon in Napa with friends a couple of years ago, we were expecting good things at this Bouchon Bistro.  Our expectations were met. No need to recite the menu as the web site provides a good view of it.  But worth sharing that the smoked salmon and baguette choice was wonderful.  The salmon was perfectly seasoned, the crusty bread top notch and the chive cream cheese and capers the perfect partners.  At about $14 for this salmon selection, we thought it was a good deal as Las Vegas goes, in particular factoring in the quality of the food, the service and the lovely setting.  We also had a delectable almond brioche pasty and some perfectly cooked bacon.  Really good coffee too...and bet you won't find THAT at a buffet!  As an observation, the pastries here are really, really good...but we think the ones at Jean-Phillipe (pasty and chocolates) just off the lobby in The Bellagio are better.  Unfortunately, you have to stand in line at Jean-Phillipe and seating is at tables lining the public spaces at The Bellagio.  You may not be able to eat the lovely ambiance at Bouchon, but somehow it did make that almond brioche taste even better!  (That said, don't miss Jean-Phillipe for pastries. They ARE worth standing in line for.) There are lots of good photos of Bouchon as posted by others to help underscore just how lovely this is.  Light filled from big windows.  On a warmer day we'd be tempted to try the terrace seating.Did we say "lovely" yet to sum up this experience? :-)We put Bouchon in a tie with Hash House A Go Go (but only the OFF STRIP location)  for the best breakfast in Las Vegas.  Two very different dining experiences, but each really great  ones.  You'd be missing out if you didn't try them both.  Seriously.
4	I felt like I was on a treasure hunt getting to this restaurant. If only I can be the aZn kid, Data from the Goonies then it would be awesome. Don't mistaken this spot for the Bouchon Bakery located on the casino floor, that's just the decoy. You must first start off in the lobby where you follow the signs near the check in/out counter. Find the elevator that takes you to a secret Da Vinci floor. Bank a left out of the elevators and continue through the Michelangelo (inspired ceiling) hallways until you hit the spot on your right hand side. We arrived here around 1030ish am for brunch on a Saturday. The wait was about 20 minutes. Unfortunately, they do not take reservations. The restaurant was crowded and the tables are right next to each other so don't expect much privacy from your neighbors. I do recall the dude next to us throwing a fit about something.Let's talk about their table bread. They just throw that bad boy on your table without a basket or a serving plate. Interesting concept but don't worry germaphobes, they use wax tissue paper to handle the bread. The butter and jam is what makes this a winner. First, I believe they're both made freshly. Second, the bread+butter+jam equals a scrumptious treat. Heed my warning: if you're on a carb diet, it's probably not a good idea to try it because you won't want to put it down. The flavor of the day was blackberry I believe. Sooooo bombskiz.In honor of Le Roscoe Pierre Chicken & Waffles that I do love to eat in LA, I ordered the: the brunch chicken and waffles. From looking at the price ($25), you'd think they were giving you duck confit and waffles. Although it's a little pricey, I have no buyer's remorse. Honestly, I'm craving it as I type this now. The bacon and chive waffle leaves a distinct taste in your mouth. Normally, you're only use to the taste of butter and syrup. Not these waffles. You get a hint of the saltiness and some other unique flavors with every bite. You even actually feel the crunch of the bacon bits in the waffles itself.The chicken is served in 2 pieces. Looks will deceive you here, the portion of the chicken may seem petite but when you actually rip the flesh off the bones like a carnivore that you are, you'll realize that there's plenty of meat to work with. Although the chicken was slightly salty, it was still very tender and juicy. It's accompanied by a mushroom type chauffer gravy sauce.Service was great and the atmosphere is loud & vibrant. I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu and to eat some more bread with homemade jam! It's definitely not a cheap meal but how often are you in Vegas anyways? Also, try their desserts or the bakery items if you have room for it.
3	When one of the girls suggested dinner at Bouchon, I immediately jumped on board. I became an avid Thomas Keller fan after my trip to The French Laundry last October, despite the astronomical price tag. Thus, I was eager to try Keller's more affordable restaurant, Bouchon.Bouchon, Las Vegas, is located on the 10th floor of the Venetian. Luckily, we were staying on the 12th floor so walking to the restaurant only took a few minutes. So location itself? FIVE STARS! :)We were seated promptly for our 6:15PM reservation. Being so early, the restaurant was practically empty. The menu was printed on a parchment-like paper and wrapped around the dinner napkin. Cute points! I had a hard time deciding what to order. It seemed like the menu listed everything I love: lamb, duck, salmon, mussels, gnocchi. I was only able to cut my list down to lamb or duck so I pressed the waiter for his thoughts. He told me he preferred the duck since he loves him some good seared duck breast. Well sir, it just so happens that I too, am a sucker for a good seared duck breast so duck I shall have! Three of us actually ordered the duck, two ordered the moules frites (mussels and fries) and one ordered the salmon. We also shared the french onion soup, potato puree and macaroni gratin.We started our meal with the usual bread service and I absolutely loved the butter (as I also did at The French Laundry). The french onion soup, though comforting since it was cold and windy that day, was nothing special; it tasted like any other french onion soup.The mussels were very plump and juicy. On the menu, the description read: Maine bouchot mussels steamed with white wine, mustard & saffron. Though I've never had this combination before, the sauce didn't taste like what I had imagined after reading the menu. It actually reminded me of the chicken marsala I just made. The frites were a bit... disappointing. You may be right about most things, Anthony Bourdain, but Bouchon's fries are not the best things I ever ate. Don't worry though, I'll still keep you in high regard.The macaroni gratin fell flat as well. Yes, it was cheesy enough, but the flavors just weren't there. I don't know, perhaps use a more sharper cheese? The potato puree on the other hand, was straight up smooth buttery goodness! I would be more than happy to consume 3000 calories worth of that in one sitting.The waiter was right about the duck being seared beautifully. But that was the only thing good about this dish. The flavors didn't mesh well, mainly caused by the tart-sweetness of the rhubarb. With all of the other components being mild and savory, I didn't expect that punch. The sauce eventually grew on me by the end of the meal, but not to the point where I could say that I loved it. Nice try, Chef de Cuisine, Bryan Podgorski. I realize that rhubarb is now in season and I get what you were trying to do, but ultimately the flavor combination was a fail. However, I will commend you for such a perfectly seared duck breast!We ended the meal by sharing a creme brulee. I'm glad it was delicious, or else I would have had to hurt somebody.
5	I was really excited to try Bouchon because I'm a huge fan of Thomas Keller and my life long dream is to eat at the French Laundry. We went for a friend's birthday during a girl's weekend in Vegas. There were 5 of us and we made reservations well in advance for dinner. I'm preggers, so no cocktails for me, but the cocktails ordered at my table looked great (an aviator and a Moscow mule). The birthday girl and I started with the foie gras because I had been wanting to try the stuff for years and she had eaten it in Paris years before. It was ridiculously amazing. The 5 oz. that they brought us felt like a bargain (it was $48.50) and we struggled to finish it (the others at the table were not into the force fed goose liver thing) and managed to get down about 4 oz. I had the lamb, which was cooked perfectly (nice and pink) and was served on an additively delicious bean cassoulet. We also ordered fries, which were great and were the best thing ever when dipped in the foie gras! I wasn't that excited about dessert after reading some reviews, but the tarte tatin with creme freche and ice cream was out of this world! Service was excellent. Our waitress took great care of us (and it was super busy) but the adorable bald busser from Baja was incredible. Water was always full and we went through about 4 loaves of the delicious bread. I can't wait to visit the Bouchon in L.A. for my wedding anniversary this year, and the French Laundry in my dreams.
2	After missing brunch the last time we went to Vegas, I was determined to make it there this time.  I thought my husband would be happy because he loves pastries and people rave about Bouchon pastries.  The ambiance is beautiful of course, your in the Venetian, but the service was a tad off and the food did not make up for it.  I had the croque madame, which was pretty good with a ton o fries.  But I felt bad for the hubby.  He ordered the breakfast americaine and you could see more of the plate than food.  And he said the cheese danish from the random coffee shop in another hotel was better.So this was a definite miss, and for the price and quality I would go to Grand Lux any day.  At least you get a good portion for what you pay.
5	My son is a Thomas Keller fan, and has been cooking since Christmas from Keller's Ad Hoc cookbook.Bouchon was booked for a private party for dinner, so three of us went to breakfast there on a weekday morning. Most of the breakfast reviews we read were for Sunday brunch. Weekday breakfast, ordered from the menu is a different experience, and a wonderful one.Our entrees were:* A daily special with crab cakes, topped with poached egg, asparagus and hollandaise.* Breakfast Jardiniere, which included two eggs, toasted bioche, fruit cup, sauteed spinach, Lyonnaise potatoes, pastry (we picked cheese Danish), juice and coffee.* Bouchon French toast, which was a rounded stack of delicious brioche with alternating layers of custard and apples, served with maple syrup.The brasserie style restaurant, opening outdoors to a fountain, was bustling and bright when we arrived about 9 a.m. There was a 10-minute wait in a pleasant seating area. Table service was pleasant and professional. The food was perfect. The bill for 3 of us about $80, and worth it.
3	3 $$$ = 3 *** for me.  I really had high expectations for this Thomas Keller spot but the slow SERVICE and TEMPERATURE of the food left me very disappointed. Decor aside (Venetian is just purely spectacular), the food left me very dissatisfied. My first course was the special of the night braised veal cheeks. Cheeks of most animals are always wonderful because it is tender and succulent. So when I see veal cheeks that's like adding sugar to my fudge. It must be good right? Not really. It could have been any meat tenderized and slow cooked in an overpowering sauce. SERVED  LUKEWARM. Second course was Magret de Canard (duck breast). I get excited because I LOVE DUCK. It was served in an All-Clad copper-plated pan. A spectacular presentation but it came out LUKEWARM! As an All-Clad copper core owner, it really pained me to cut into this beautiful work of art and I'm not talking about the duck. What a waste! Overall, the experience is nothing spectacular for dinner. I still debate whether I should return for brunch just for the courtyard view.
5	No trip to Vegas would be complete without a trip to Bouchon :) Came here for Sunday Brunch and left completely satisfied!Me and my friend shared 2 dishes: "Chicken and Waffles" ($25) and the "French Toast" ($12).. both were DELICIOUS!I've never had chicken and waffles so I don't have much to compare this against, but this is one of Bouchon's most popular dishes, and it is clear why.. the chicken was VERY moist and flavorful, and went nicely with the crispy skin. The dish also came with 4 slices of waffles. I was a little thrown off by the bacon and chives baked INTO the waffles, but they were still good because of the fluffiness. The 2 sauces really completed the dish - savory gravy for the chicken, maple syrup for the waffles. HUGE portions - can't really see anyone finishing this on thier own... French toast - presentation was beautiful!!! Hello french toast tower!!! Layers and layers of french toast with cooked apples squeezed in between each layer! Just a warning - small portion and very sweet!!!Between the 2 of us, this was the perfect amount of food! Going to Bouchon's is always such a nice experience and definitely my favorite restaurant in Vegas :)
4	Finding this place in the Venetian was only just the beginning of what is to be a great meal (if you are into mazes).  The service was spectacular, not a crumb left behind from the staff.  The food was  perfectly prepared and delicious. Can't wait to visit the French Laundry!
3	Haven't had the chance to try the famous French Laundry just yet so decided that a perfect Vegas birthday weekend for my fiance could include dinner at Bouchon.Tucked away on the tenth floor of the Venetian, the restaurant is housed in what seems like a world away of the neon lights and the crazy glitz and glamour of Vegas. Instead, a subtle nod to old Italian charm is defintely felt as you get off the elevator.The restaurant itself is like a large French bistro. I think this place would be great for brunch with its large windows facing the beautiful courtyard outside.Although I made reservations more than a month ahead, it wasn't necessary as the dining room was only about 50% full on a Thursday night at 9:00pm.We were seated at a nice private table by the window.We ordered the apple walnut salad to share, had the mussels & frites and the steak frites and fresh brewed passion fruit ice tea.Service: The service was commendable. Our waters were never empty, our waiter even brought new carafes of passionfruit ice tea after we happily drank ours quickly. Bread was served immediately and the dining captain came to check on our dining experience. Overall a great attention was paid to our time there.Food: It was good but not great. The mussels were o.k. but a little too meaty for my taste, it takes away from the subtlety of the flavors of the wine sauce.  The steak was a hanger cut and was a bit too tough for me although Mike said it was good, it was also priced a little high for a hanger steak. They do give you a mountain of fries! They were skinny but lacked any ffavor to them. I am a fry girl for sure but didn't feel like these were the best or even memorable fries I had by any means.For dessert we ordered the apple tartine-good but not excellent and the chef also gave us a free custard (that was actually quite delicious).We did enjoy our dining experience here. Was it good? Yes. Was it wow? No.
3	I thought this place was decent, but for it's price I'd expect something more amazing. We asked them what their most popular dish was and they said TROUT. Yeah, we were surprised too! But it ended up being the best of the selection we ordered, which included Chicken, Lamb and Salmon. I'd probably rank the dishes as follows: Trout, Salmon, Lamb, Chicken. We didn't try the Mussels, though after seeing the table next to us order it, we wish we had.
5	Wonderful dinner there during March Madness. The bread was straight from the oven and was fantastic. The herb salad was well-executed, just a tad heavy on Chervil. I had the lamb over a ragout of Rancho Gordo beans which was sop worthy. My friend had duck which was quite good. Wine list is deep and reasonably priced, we had a Kosta Browne Keefer Ranch that was awesome. Only slight criticism was the server was not very engaging although she was professional.
5	This place was amazing. We came for our anniversary and definitely were not disappointed. I had roasted leg of lamb with a bean salad type thing. The lamb literally melted in my mouth. The wife had sauteed salmon in a fava bean sauce. The salmon was melt in your mouth delicious and the fava bean sauce was amazing too. They have a huge wine selection and a great beer selection as well. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful and not the least bit pushy,Overall, great food, great ambiance, & great service. The only downfall is that its a bit pricey so we can't go every time we visit Vegas.
4	If you are looking to eat at a place created by the "best chef in America" that you can afford-- Thomas Keller's Bouchon is it. The style of food is what makes the prices more affordable (but may I dare say still expensive) but the service still remains impeccable. As I was waiting for my party, servers graciously offered me water and refilled my glass three times. What was amazing was that EVERY time, they filled my glass with the same amount of water. I asked the server if they were trained to do this and they are! Amazing.What I disliked about the service was that the servers were not knowledgeable about the menu. The bread is artfully hand-made and delicious. I had never tried WARM pistachio but it was delicious and very fresh. First, I ordered the Soup du Jour (French Onion Soup) it was topped with melty creamy cheese just the way I like it. Also, I had the Salade de Cresson et d'Endives au Roquefort, Pommes et Noix. I can see the quality put into each leaf but the salad was not tasteful on my palate. I would not recommend ordering this. My friends also had Gnocchi a La Parisienne, this dish was AMAZING. The Gnocchi is not traditional but it tasted fried and it was delicious!! I would come back and order this dish again. WE also ordered three Fromages served with honeycomb. The honey was giving very sparingly and the cheeses were mediocre. They just started serving cheeses so I assume that the selection will grow better later. None the less, it was delicious and had excellent service.
2	I don't really like cold eggs. We waited a really long time for brunch and everyone's food was cold. Their bread and raspberry beignets were delicious though.
5	Background - went for breakfast on a weekday.  Haven't had dinner so can't comment on what other meals will be like.Overall - I had a delightful breakfast which was more than filling.  This is well crafted breakfast food but doesn't attempt to reach the point of artful whimsy I've enjoyed at the French Laundry.  The Venetian provided it's own whimsy when obese hotel occupants wandered out to the swimming pool at 9:30am and then the diners began competing for who could complain the most about the proximity of space heaters.Ambience - Inside is upscale french bistro with yellow hued lighting.  I sat outside on the palazzo, which features a fountain, gardens and swimming pool.  The other diners were an eclectic mix of french tourists, japanese tourists, some comical new yorkers and yours truly.Service - Pleasant, attentive and plentiful.  Didn't detect any snootiness and only waited once for the Bellini cocktail.  Everything else was prompt.Food - Ordered Bellini, Almond Brioche, Croque Madame and tap water.  Bellini was average champagne cocktail with real fruit juice.  It was well balanced and avoided being too sweet.  Rasberrry was a nice topper.  Almond brioche had good flavor with just a hint of sugary sweetness.  Loved how the outside crust was crisp and the interior retained some moisture and flakiness.  Croque Madame was well executed with thick slices of bread housing ham, melted cheese, a perfectly poached egg and a well executed mornay white sauce.  The side of pan frites (french fries) were enormous and delicious.  I couldn't finish even half of them.  This is a serious breakfast, perfect for soaking up the alcohol from your night of revelry.  It prepared me for a day of heavy walking. I would definitely come again for breakfast and will have to try dinner next time.   You can skip the pastries and the drink if you want to have adequate stomach space or save some extra dollars.  Total with tip $45.56.
4	It was worth the hype. Came here for dinner last week and the service was great and food delicious.  We ordered the mussels, pork loin special, chicken dish, and the halibut.  Of these theses, the mussels were the best in my opnion with the saffron white wine sauce.  We also ordered the beet salad, wilted spinach salad and a salmon pate-type dish.  The spinach salad was their special that night and it was very good.. mainly due to their sauce. It came with quail egg, some type of citrus zest, nuts... For dessert we had the signature Bouchon cake with the 3 flavors of ice cream/sorbet. All in all, the food was clean and had a lot of complex flavors for being so simple.  We had the frites that came with the mussels and they were good although not sure if it was the "best" as anthony bourdain once described it as... can't wait to go back for their brunch..
5	2nd visit, any visit to Vegas mandatory is brunch at Bouchon.Short wait. This time seated in the dining room. Service as it should be for an acclaimed restaurant. Day's 1st plate of Roasted Red Pepper soup and Nor Cal fried smelts. Sticky Pecan Bun as the side, the main was Croque Madame. A  Everest sized mountain of pommes frites hid the star sandwich.  Satisfying ? Yes, but nowhere near eyebrow raising as the Fried Chicken and Waffles.  No one ever finishes the Himalyan like mound of potatoes done francais reported the server.  The smelts could star as a main rather than as an appetizer THAT was worth a double order. Next visit  the Chicken and Waffles for sure.  The Croque Madame just didnt hit the home run this time.
5	From the minute we stepped in we had great service. We were seated very quickly, asked for water and drinks, and greeted by our server. The food was fantastic! The bread, which is served right on the table is perfect. We had a cold salad that was great and a Onion soup that was the best either of us tasted in a long time. My wife ordered the steak and I had the pork belly. Both were so great we split them but the stand out was the pork. A perfect portion, cooked perfectly, and melted in your mouth. A great dinner and a perfect start to any night out in Vegas. Highly recommend to everyone.
3	3.5 starsBetter than my experience at the Napa Bouchon, this time went for brunch.  We had a party of 9 ladies and instead of being able to seat us in the beautiful space that is the actual restaurant, we were seated in a private banquet room out back with no windows and literally could have been in kansas -- not in the beautiful venetian on a sunny spring day in vegas!!Their epi bread with butter and jam was probably a highlight of an experience at bouchon for brunch.  i think i had 3 pieces, delish!must try:- chicken and waffles: pricey but very tasty. the waffles had bacon and chives cooked in which is something i've never seen!  the chicken was well cooked but the sauce that came with was a highlight. very savory, and for one person, perhaps too heavy of a dish but enjoyed it!so-so:- tried a pain au chocolate (chocolate croissant) and was not impressed.  not flaky, seemed almost day old.others in the party seemed to like their dishes and other highlights appeared to be the french toast and the quiche.  otherwise, no one was going to write home about their dishes.  overall again, wish i could love bouchon but instead, i probably will never return to either locations.
4	First off, this place is located inside the Venitian.  Decor was nice and clean like your typical French joint.  I was curious and asked our waitress about celebrities dining here and says from time to time they do get some.So we were here for brunch and I ordered the moules frites, perfectly made with white wine and herb spice with side of crunchy fries.  I dipped the warm house bread into the left-over juice! mmmm!Spicey donut was good, came with side of special fruity jam.  Great coffee!  I tried some of my friends Chicken and Waffles and it was out of this world.  Waffles were light and fluffy! Chicken was tender and seasoned appropriately! Nice balance!Would definitely return!
5	Ate brunch here alone in June 2009. The food was amazing (I had a croissant & the Quiche du Jour, along w/their perfectly French roasted coffee ... & a Mimosa or two! lol). Service was impeccably good. Waitress checked on me often, but not too much, just enough to let me know she was around if I needed her :-).Funny thing is, to get to the actual restaurant is a trek in itself (Elevator to wedding chapel floor, walk down seriously long hallway that seemed like the hallway in "Poltergeist" that kept getting longer & longer), but I guess it was because I was hungry that I found that kinda annoying. After I ate & wasn't Ms. Cranky Pants no mo, I found it added to the appeal/charm of the place, haha!Definitely want to go back here during my next trip to Vegas this June :-).
5	Everything on the menu is stellar.  This restaurant is the only place in the world that literally brought me to tears because the food was so good.  What was so good I cried, you ask? 1. Duck Leg confit with cherries2. Frisee Salad with poached egg and lardon, when I cut into the egg and the yolk coated the frisee creating the most perfect, velvety dressing, a lone tear fell from my eye....maybe because of the vodka too (I admit, I get gushy after a martini and cry when I'm happy) but they were so good, we ordered one more of each.  This was before dinner. I've had one of the best steaks in my life here.  The frites are, as Anthony Bourdain says..."the best in the world." The oysters are clearly the pick of the harvest.  Direct to Keller first.  Get the Island Creeks. A good friend knows the manager, so we were bombarded with anything and everything we could possibly want, and then some.  A tour of the kitchen straight out of Ratatouille, before we ate dessert.  I really can't say anything bad about this place, it's a destination of itself and worth a trip to Vegas. I could go on and on, but you should go yourself and order everything you want...I will probably be the best version of that dish you will ever have in your life...and maybe you too, will shed a tear.
4	After a night of partying & gambling, the alarm clock hits 9:30 AM and I'm the only girl out of 5 willing to take on the early morning hangover pain to book it over to Bouchon before they close the kitchen for breakfast at 10:30 AM.  My efforts were slightly thwarted with the surly maitre'd refusing to seat me until my entire party had arrived.  Getting down to the wire at 10:25 AM, he finally seats me on the condition that I can pre-order (without any changes/refunds) for my entire party.  Fine, yes, i'll do it - i'll order croque madames for everyone! Just get me in, dammit!Luckily, my group of gals came through at exactly 10:30 which saved me the stomach ache of having to eat 4 extra croque madames.  Although, given enough time I would gladly do it :P  I was not disappointed with it, perfectly done runny sunny side up egg, delicious bechamel sauce and ham.. Loved it.  I'd go back for it.  But, the other dishes that my gal pals ordered didn't seem as appetizing.  The gratin was served unappetizingly in what looked like a microwaveable plastic dish.  The omelette was fine, nothing spectacular though.  And the huge portion of frites that came with my croque madame were sub-par, limp and unnecessary.But, oh.. the croque madame .. four stars for that.
2	Wow, what a disappointment. I came here for breakfast and was expecting to have an above average meal but that didn't happen. I was especially surprised since I am obsessed with Bouchon Bakery's amazing pastries and treats. I had the bread pudding style french toast. I knew going in that it was not the typical french toast but this was just dumb. It was basically pudding and apples and the flavor was both bland and extremely sweet at the same time (who knew that was possible?). She had the breakfast giardiniere, which was a like a combo- eggs, brioche toast, fruit salad, a side of spinach and potatoes lyonnaise. Everything was average at best (and I did taste each thing on her plate!). Although everything was average or below, the prices were not cheap. I was expecting so much more and it's a shame since it's a beautiful room and setting.
5	Went to Bouchon for a brunch on Saturday after trying their bakery on the bottom floor of the Venetian. One of the first things you'll notice is how gorgeous the location is (10th floor of the venetian). The patio outside is amazing on a sunny day. It has a very French/Victorian feel to it.I was able to try their chicken and waffles. The chicken was roasted and came with a tasty gravy and the waffles were particularly amazing. The waffles had chives and bacon mixed in the batter and came with maple syrup and vanilla bean butter. It was amazing! I couldn't help myself to try one of their croissants too. The bartender sold me on the "off the menu" strawberry croissant which was too delicious for words.
5	Arrived here a bit before noon and there was a 10-15 minute wait. We grabbed a menu and browsed over our selection and realized they were only serving brunch. Their brunch and dinner menus are different. Dinner started at 5 pm. The hostess was courteous. We would definitely patron this place again.
4	Lamb Loin Sandwich was pretty yummy. Thinly sliced pieces of lamb over arugula served on a piece of sourdough bread. I devoured the fries. Bouchon in Vegas was definitely more spacious and grandiose than the cute restaurant in Yountville, CA. I loved loved being able to sit outside under the space heaters. Would definitely recommend Bouchon for it's high quality food, great atmosphere and friendly service.
5	Thomas Keller's Las Vegas outpost of Boucon was the setting for brunch.The baguette with sour cherry preserves is a great way to start out a meal.  The bread is crusty, yet soft and yeasty inside.  The sour cherry preserves acts almost like an aperitif; it gets your taste buds and juices flowing.The Chicken & Waffles is an upscale take on the southern favorite.  Instead of the fried chicken, the chicken is roasted and comes with sauce chasseur, which gives the dish a deeper, richer flavor because of the demi glace, herbs and mushrooms.  The waffle is also upscale, as there are bacon bits and chives imbedded in the waffle.  Nice and crunchy on the outside, the waffle is soft and fluffy inside.  Along with the pure maple syrup, the sweetness doesn't overpower the dish, but adds another layer of flavor.  When eaten altogether in one bite, there is an explosion of textures and tastes going on.  Oh yeah, the thing that puts this dish over the top is the Tahitian vanilla butter!  This dish in unbelievable.The Creme Caramel is so soft and silky, that it tastes like you are eating a sweet cloud.  The best version of this dish I have ever had!If given the opportunity, EAT HERE!
5	I've been to this place at least a half a dozen times, almost every time I've been to vegas, I HAVE to go for brunch.  The price is reasonable since there is such a wide variety of different brunch items.  Here's what I would recommend:Salmon platter - so so fresh - will hit the spot if you want GOOD smoked salmonChicken and Waffles - the most crispy yet tender waffle with a prefectly roasted chickenFrench Fries - weird to order this for breakfast but you just have to do it.  They are that perfect.  Bacon - who doesn't love crispy bacon?Berries - Perfect mix of strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries with a vanilla bean cream.  I've ended every meal with this because it will cut the richness of whatever you order and make you feel like you had a dessert.  Can't wait to try the rest of the brunch menu!ENJOY!
4	I was in Vegas for only 25 hours, attending a wedding. I stayed at the Luxor and ate my first lunch at the Pyramid Cafe (terrible). My dinner was typical wedding food (good intentions but still overcooked).So I really needed to have at least one good meal in Las Vegas. Through a recommendation from friends and verified through Yelp, I decided to head over to Bouchon for breakfast.I only had about 40 minutes to get in and get out because I was heading straight to the airport afterward. I told my waiter Phillip that and he just hurried everything along. The service was extremely good.I ordered the Bouchon French toast and a capuccino. The food arrived quickly: a tower of custard-drenched brioche layers with cooked apples in-between, and topped off with crisp apple slices. It was delish. The cap was decent.The whole experience was great. I can't say enough about the service. The food was definitely fantastic. And the best part was this meal cost LESS than my awful fish and chips at the Luxor.
4	*SWOON* My second Thomas Keller restaurant. After we were tired of the buffets, we decided to try Bouchon for dinner. What amazing dining experience. Our waiter was funny and really knowledgeable about the food and wine ("Wine is complex and unique, like women" extra tip!)We started with the oysters which were as sweet as fresh Hog Island sweet waters. Then, I had the french onion soup which was to die for--gooey cheese and cooked slowly for just the right amount of time so the soup wasn't too salty. One hiccup during my dinner was ordering the fish. Oi. I don't know if this is how French fish usually is, but my fish was a little undercooked. I'm sure Nemo was ready to jump up and start singing. It was clear that I had not touched the fish at all and the waiter noticed. He asked if anything was wrong and I mentioned that the fish was a little undercooked for my taste and that maybe it just needed a little soy sauce (joke- I'm Chinese. I love steamed fish with ginger and soy sauce). He laughed and called over the GM who apologized and said that I would not be charged for my entree. No worries though because that left plenty of room for dessert. Our table basically ordered the entire dessert menu. Of particular note was the vanilla bean creme brulee. What a lovely dessert. It had clean notes and did not taste too heavy. Overall, really wonderful. I'll be back one day!
5	We went there for brunch Saturday and Sunday! The brunch was simply amazing!!! I had the apple french toast both times because, it was so delicious and different. The apple french toast is really more of a bread pudding than french toast. The only bad thing that happened the second day we were there was that the waiter switched our checks. I think this is a Vegas thing, because it was the second time it happened on this trip to Vegas and the third time overall in Vegas. I've never had it happen anywhere else.
5	Bouchon is a very classy, upscale French restaurant inside the Venetian Casino & Hotel.  It's very beautiful inside with the mahogany walls, mood candle light, and floor to ceiling glass doors that face the outside gardens and pools.  I'm not used to eating fine dining, so I had to recall my foggy knowledge of the order of silverware I use. (I referred back to Pretty Woman advice " start from the outside, and work your way in.)  It's a great place to have a fancy dinner.We had their special appetizer of the day, Spring Tortellini Soup.  While the tortellini was really good, I especially loved the soup.  I didn't know what they meant by Spring...Soup, but there really is no better way to describe it.  It's very herb-y.The Steak Fritas came highly recommended, and I was very blown away.  The flat iron steak was cooked to perfection, and it was so juicy in the butter garlic sauce it was soaked in.  To die for!  The cook recommends ordering the steak medium rare to appreciate the flavor.And the Fritas!!  I am a loyal McDonalds french fry sort of girl, but this was high class fries that are worth every dollar.  It helps that they love to stack your plate high too.
3	I was in Vegas on a girls trip and was super excited to eat at Bouchon after my experience in wine country. Unfortunately, we could only do breakfast here and not dinner (breakfast is NOT my favorite meal of the day). With that said, I was not super impressed with the food. I had a sausage dish made with chicken and turkey, scamble eggs and a crossiant. Just ok. I also took a bite of all the girls plates. The french toast was a little to watery for me, I guess it's suppose to be that way because it was bread pudding. Au gratin du jour was yummy.For the table we ordered waffles which was really good. Then we also order french beignets. It was delightful with nutella and a berry jam. If you are a foodie and love to eat, like me, try this place. Hopefully you will like it more than I did. It's mediocre for breakfast.
5	Best meal I had in Vegas - breakfast here was just incredible.The oeuf au gratin I had was just amazing - cooked to perfection. It literally melted in your mouth. Even their OJ was stunning. It's not cheap (is anything in Vegas any more?), but this one is definitely worth a visit.
4	The service here was not nearly as good as the Beverly Hills location.  What this location lacked in attentiveness, it did make up in food and drinks.Cocktails: My husband's Absinthe cocktail came with a pretty cool water drip. My Strawberry Fields cocktail had cute little micro strawberries.Quiche: The filling had a terrific fluffy custard texture. I love the vinaigrette on the salad was perfect and light.Croque Madame: This dish has me drooling just thinking about it. The bread was spongy with a lovely crust. The ham was not overly salty. It was served with an obnoxious amount of fries. I loved it!Thanks TK for opening up your casual bistros so I can have your lovely food for brunch!
4	While in town for the weekend with friends we decided to try out Bouchon.  Being a Thomas Keller fan and enjoying his creations I had really high hopes.  The menu comes wrapped around your napkin in a folded paper.  Out waiter was nice, but a little over the top for us and was a bit chatty.  Some people might like that, but not our group.  It made it a bit awkward for us.I started with the beet salad and a selection of oysters.  The salad was yummy and the oysters were a fair selection from the waters of the north pacific.  I've had a better selection with better condiments to go with them.  The wine was fair, but I'm always trying new things and the waiter didn't have much input in my selection.  I had the lamb for my main entree and even though it was a smaller sized portion it still had a lot of great flavor.  You don't get that gamey taste, but just a full savory one.  The steak my gf had was delicious with the smothered butter and caramelized onions.  For dessert we had the profiteroles, which was a-ok.  Nothing like the foie gras profiteroles we had at le pigeon in portland, but just ok.Would I go back?  Most likely, but I'm sure to try out some other places before doing so.
3	Nothing amazing, decent food and service.  Maybe just expected much more.  It's definitely upscale without being assuming.  Friend couldn't change in time and she just came in jeans and flip flops...but you still don't feel out of place.My white bean soup was unbelievably salty about halfway through and the waiter just joked about it...didn't offer any substitution...at least he kept refilling my water.  The duck con fit was pretty damn good as well as the braised short ribs.  I had the steak which wasn't really anything special.Would come back, but it's Vegas, plenty of other joints to check out first.
4	I made a reservation here online for the wrong weekend but the hostess promptly seated us anyway. The BF and I rolled into the restaurant in extremely casual clothing - shorts, tshirt, hoodie, flip flops - and boy did we stand out like a sore thumb. In fact, it was one of the first things we noticed. Everyone was dressed in nice evening wear. My apologies!! I'm from California, where even at the nicest restaurants, people wear tshirts and jeans!Anyway, they sat us anyway (they'll still take our money, is what the BF said). The server recommended some stuff and took our order. I got the gnocchi, which was the only vegetarian dish on the menu and I was sort of unsure about it because I had tried gnocchi before and didn't like it. This gnocchi was different! It was REALLY good. It was lightly fried and had just the right amount of seasoning. Topped with kale, tomatoes, and celery. The only downside was it was a bit greasy so my stomach couldn't handle eating the entire dish in one sitting. The BF got raw clams (which he liked, but said he prefers oysters to clams) and the duck dish, which he ate the whole thing.I wish we had room for dessert because I would've loved to try their creme brulee...Next time!!
4	OMG. Talk about biting into a piece of heaven. Anyone going to LV and looking to enjoy a breakfast that doesn't come in mass quantities, Bouchon is the place. It's a bit on the pricey side, but you will enjoy it. They serve you warm baguettes with this type of jam... amazing bread.I had the Croque Madame based upon a friend's recommendation. Sure, it's basically an egg and ham sandwich. But it's damn good. Wife had the blue crab benedict. Another winner.The best though ... absolute must order... are the beniets. (sp?) These are deep fried donuts. Just thinking about it makes my mouth drool.
4	the meal itself is 3.5 stars but the overall experience was 4 stars.i ordered the bread pudding style french toast. the first bite is good since it's super hot, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. however, as you keep eating it the syrup becomes too sweet and the french toast gets cold. personally i think i would like regular french toast better because after a while the brioche became too soggy.i also ordered the beignets and i was pretty disappointed. they tasted like churros and didnt were too crispy and no softness on the inside. (im just big on crispy on the outside and soft on the inside). it also came along with a blackberry jam and nutella.the steak and mushroom omelet was pretty good. the toast was ok. however if you order bacon they do give a handful of bacon strips and the sausages are also pretty big. no innuendos intended. i wasnt a fan of the sourdough waffles because of the aftertaste. i didnt try it with the vanilla bean butter which supposedly made the waffles taste better.because there was a problem with getting our food served to us, the waiter offered us complimentary mimosa or bellini. the mimosa were ok nothing special. the bellini reminded me of a peach snapple. the caramel bouchon coffee was basically coffee with caramel syrup but wasnt too sweet.all in all i enjoyed my dining experience, however i didnt think the food was superb but its concept of french toast is very innovative. i did wish we were served bread because i really like bread. gotta love them carbs. the greatest part was receiving complimentary mimosas and the atmosphere was also nice. the waiter was even generous enough to offer my friend a complimentary refill on the caramel bouchon coffee for the road! i guess it helps if your waiter thinks your friend is pretty (the waiter even stopped while describing the specials to compliment my friend; luckily he didnt seem too creeperish).
4	Having missed a chance at Thomas Keller's French Laundry when we were in Napa, we HAD to check out Bouchon when we got to Las Vegas and we were not disappointed.We went for dinner, and my boyfriend got the eye of the ribeye, and I got the lamb. Now keep in mind that when you order these items, you're getting a small portion. To be exact, you're getting about five slices of meat atop some type of delicious bed of vegetables.My lamb was a little raw. I ordered it medium and it came out rare. It was still very good though, and my boyfriend ate the more rare pieces. He loved his ribeye and loved the bean mixture that came with mine.For dessert we got the Bouchons, which were brownies topped with three types of homemade icecream: coffee, mango and peanut butter. It was deeeeeelicious.Oh, but as for those fries everyone raves about? Just OK. I mean they were good, but I don't understand the hype. I also don't know what I was expecting out of a french fry.This place is very classy. The waiter service is excellent and if you have black pants, they'll offer you a black napkin. The decor reminded me of "The Shining", not in a horror type of way, but a classic old-school theme type of way.Overall this place was lovely and I'd certainly go back. Expect to drop a couple hundred dollars on a good meal for two here, but it'll be worth it.Also, they have an outdoor patio, but it connects to the hotel area where people can swim, so I imagine it could be less intimate that you'd like if that's what you want. We ate our dinner inside and asked to have our drinks after dinner on the patio. It was very nice.
4	Came here about 2 months after Yountville and meh... it's Vegas. In true vegas style it's a gigantic version of the original and it didn't disappoint at all. The sommeliers (yup 2 of them) were nice guys and helpful. After 2 bottles of wine I smashed one and made them fight out back in the kitchen and sold tickets for $500 a pop, you see it's vegas.  Despite it's enormity it managed to have that small quaint feeling, at least at our table. I still prefer the original, which I will say about every restaurant in Vegas and nearly every movie.
5	Ate here on a Friday night recently; party of 3.  We showed up 30 minutes early for our reservation, so they made us sit at the bar (although there were empty tables).  Besides this minor service issue, the rest of the meal was amazing.Half-dozen oysters:  Clean, fresh, tasty.Watercress and endive salad:  Apples and walnut really add to the flavor.Steak Frite:  One of the best steaks I've had at a restaurant. I've had sous-vide filet at home that may have been on-par, but this was excellent. Oh, and the fries are perfect.Magret de Canard (the duck):  HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT.  Perfect crispy skin with a nice layer of fat underneath.  Flavor of the meat came through and was not drowned by the sauce or accompanying veggies.Gnocchi a la Parisienne:  Nice buttery flavor and chewiness.Wine:  Qupe Syrah, Bien Nacido Vineyard.  One of my favorite vineyards.  Very reasonably priced.And, all of this for reasonable prices.  I was actually surprised that the meal only came to $230 (w/o tip).  (We also had drinks at the bar). Great experience.  Now, I have to go try the Bouchon Bistro in Napa!
3	Started with crusty french bread and beautifully creamy butter.  Bouchon had a homemade strawberry jam that tasted like nothing but sun warmed strawberries.  Divine.My date had a drink whimsically named strawberry field (strawberry mimosa) which was lovely.I had the second best eggs benedict ever (the first were at the SLS in Beverly Hills...sigh...)  Hollandaise sauce done just right, very generous with the salmon.  The hot lady with me had the chicken and waffles.  The waffles batter had bacon and chives and went beautifully with the maple syrup and the chicken gravy.  The fried chicken was fried to perfection.As with everything in Vegas, the prices and the portions are big so be prepared...
5	Best croissants this side of the Atlantic. Layers upon layers of buttery goodness on the inside and crispy on the outside. We usually get the bread basket to start. You get to pick an assortment of bread/pastries. All's good. I love their croque madame. The bread has a good crust on outside and soft inside. Tasty ham and cheese and topped off with an egg. We've also tried their specials on previous trips...the pork belly, the trout. Great flavor and texture. They're accompanied by delicious vegetables. My other favorite is their mint ice cream. You can really taste the fresh mint. And no, it's not green colored ice cream. :-)I'm happy there's a Bouchon now in LA. I don't have to drive out to Vegas when I crave their food.
5	Awesome brunch. I have been here in the past for dinner and was not impressed, but brunch time... whoa! hola! My favorite dish was the Chicken and waffles - roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle,Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce chasseur. This wasn't even my dish and I kept reaching over to steal a bite. The chicken is sooo flavorful and tender. I ordered the Special which was scrambled eggs with wild shrimp, spinach, hollandaise sauce and brioche toast. Delish! the sauce was amazing and worked so well with the sweet little shrimps. Probably the best meal I had this vegas trip. I want more chicken and waffles!!! :P
5	My boyfriend made dinner reservations to eat at Bouchon while we were on our Vegas trip. He knew about the chef, Thomas Keller and his other restaurant in Napa (French Laundry) and wanted to try this place out. Everything from the service to our entrees were impeccable! Our waiter (which his name escapes me) was incredible. Very charming, greeted us respectively and warmly. He let us know some info about the restaurant and the specials of the day that we ended up deciding to have. We trusted the waiter's palate for the food, so for starters, we tried this pork belly dish that was HEAVEN in your mouth. We also decided to try the oysters that they get shipped daily. If I can remember, he said they have 4 types of oysters and we tried the best two. You can taste the ocean in each bite!  Entree that i picked out was veal chop sous vied with grilled cremini mushroom while the boyfriend got the grilled sturgeon with trio of beets and ramps. We were both floored when we tried the veal... one of my favorite dishes of all time! The sturgeon was perfectly grilled, great texture and better without the sauce IMHO. As for the sides, I liked my boyfriend's beet trio and ramps over the mushroom and "something else". Desert was hard to avoid... they had a selection of deserts varying from cheesecake, creme brulee (my favorite), to ice creams and sorbet (which we chose). We had the mango and passion fruit sorbet which needless to say, was a perfect ending to a great meal. Now to try French Laundry...
5	Bouchon has been a stop for brunch on my last two sin city trips and it will probably turn into a must-visit kind of place whenever we're in Vegas.  My friends and I go here for the amazing brunch if we can manage to wake up before it ends at 2PM.  Extra props to the waitress for putting up with me in my hung over state and dealing with my lack of comprehension skills that morning.The food is executed really well, the menu consists of french staples as well as traditional brunch items.  You can't go wrong with the chicken and waffles which comes with two sauces, a rich syrup and gravy with bacon and mushroom bits.  Also good choices are the steak frites and the traditional omelet.
4	Went to Bouchon for breakfast on a Tuesday morning.  This was my second time there so I was able to find the restaurant somewhat easily.  The signage from the casino is terrible and is almost impossible to find Bouchon unless you know where you are going.They must have been short servers because half of the restaurant was unavailable at 9AM.  The hostess said it would be a 10 minute wait for a table or I could be seated immediately at the bar so I chose to sit at the bar.  Initially I was the only one at the bar and was attended to immediately by the bartender.  This was a good thing because about 5 minutes later another 4 or 5 parties decided to eat at the bar also and I could tell that he was going to be overwhelmed.  However it didn't affect me because I got my order in and was served promptly.I decided on the Omelet du Jour which was a Dungeness Crab and Roasted Pepper Omelet.  It came with sausage or bacon (I asked the bartender for his recommendation which was bacon) and a piece of toast.  The omelet was nice and fluffy with plenty of crab meat.  I didn't really like the roasted peppers because it seemed to overwhelm the crab.  Now who doesn't like bacon.  Their bacon was delicious and another plus is that it wasn't the least bit salty.  The toast comes with butter and what I would assume to be freshly made strawberry preserves.  My only issue is that the toast was very delicate and the butter was not softened so it was difficult to spread the butter without the bread basically breaking apart in your hand.  The jam was excellent.Overall another excellent experience.  I actually wanted to try the Chicken and Waffles but that is only offered during brunch on the weekends.  Guess I will have to try to make it on a weekend on my next trip to Vegas.
5	If you are in Vegas you must make Bouchon a stop on your list. Bouchon was actually one of the main reasons I chose to stay at the Venetian and beyond that it was the reason I chose further to stay in the Venezia tower. I chose to try Bouchon for breakfast one morning and was blown away by the authenticity of this Thomas Keller establishment. Having been to Paris on occasion I can attest to this authenticity. Their croissant were better than perfect and maybe better than having one in Paris. Did I just say that?  I had the Croque Madame and Frites and it was again perfect. Just like the ones I have gotten for a quick breakfast in Paris at small bakeries. While I was eating in Bouchon we even had a French family dining nearby. No joke if I didn't know I would think I was in Paris. It was awesome.  Please promise me that you will try Bouchon. Even if just to stop by the bakery and grab a croissant. We were able to try two styles they offered; chocolate almond and strawberry. Yum delicious!
4	Really, really enjoyed it. A late dinner (around 10:45PM!) and they still took us despite a 10:00PM reservation that got pushed to 10:30 (hey, it's Vegas...time doesn't exist sometimes). Friendly wait staff, great steak frites, and awesome atmosphere. Highly recommended!
5	Excellent place for brunch. The best deal to get here would have to be their mussel one - $25. They give you a huge bowl of mussel and french fries with it. Taste delicious and not too overwhelming. Usually, I can only eat about 2-3 mussel before i get scared. I ate like 10 off my friend's plate with no problem and could eat more. I got the pudding french toast w/ apples. it's a bit too sweet, but then again, it's soaked in pudding and syrup. I don't recommend the egg, sausage, bacon plate, because you can get that anywhere and it's like $22, when you can get mussels for $25. Service was not so great. Our waiter had a pissed off look on his face the whole time. Although he was polite to us, he didn't come by to check on us often and forgot to bring stuff that we asked for.
4	The first stop on my birthday extravaganza was Bouchon.  3 adults and 2 children.  It is beautiful inside of Bouchon. Their big windows make it a warm and inviting place to enjoy brunch.The part that stood out most for this brunch was the word: SPILL.I heard it yelled behind me, in slow motion almost. I looked forward and saw grape-fruit juice all over the table, I turned back around and saw people coming from all around with towels prepared, and still heard the calls of: "Spill, she spilled!"  My 21 year old clumsy sister spilled her juice all over the table. I'm giving Bouchon an extra-star for their quick table change which showed their service. It was quite embarrassing, but undoubtedly the funniest part of the meal. I still get a good chuckle thinking about it.ANYWAYS: The FOOD!I REALLY wanted to love Bouchon. I've dreamed about dining here (but mostly The French Laundry, which I WILL one day...)  forever now, and finally I did..... I ordered the Croque Madame, which was good! Don't get me wrong, I highly enjoyed the sandwich and their fritas are tasty too! My daughter munched most of mine. I just didn't get that WOW factor I had been expecting, maybe I ordered the wrong item? The only time I did have a melting-in-my-seat experience from yumminess was when I tried their pastries! MMmmm. We ordered 2 croissants, a banana-nut muffin for the little ones, and a nummy pecan sticky bun. Go try them, NOW!I will go back, probably for dinner before brunch again.
4	Bouchon is always great.  Traditional French bistro food that is really good.  Reasonably affordable relative to Keller's other spots and Vegas' higher end spots.  Moulet frites are great. Boudin Blanc is really, really wonderful.  If you like the dish - it is worth a try here.  We tried a completely over-the-top bacon-3-ways dish for an app that was both different and interesting.  It is not the easiest place to find in the Venetian but worth the effort.
5	With a doubt, the best meal to have at Bouchon is brunch.The first time I came here was for dinner. The restaurant was cold, noisy, and impersonal, and the food, while meticulously prepared, simply left me wanting. Upon leaving, I was resigned never again to return.But friends and acquaintances kept saying, "But you must try brunch! You MUST try brunch! It's the best!" And you know what? They were absolutely right.What was a cold, noisy, impersonal restaurant during the evening became a warm, still noisy, but welcoming restaurant during the day. It was classy and refined, as a place of this ilk should be, but not fussy and pretentious -- just the way brunch should be.Chicken and Waffles ($25): This is the Jeffersons dish -- soulful comfort food that has moved on up to a deluxe apartment in the sky. Perfectly roasted chicken with crispy bacon and chive waffles, served with Tahitian vanilla bean butter and a sauce chasseur. My LA friends will balk, but Roscoe's chicken and waffles ain't got nuthin' on this dish. Roscoe's is good grub, to be sure, but Bouchon's iteration is sheer gourmet and absolutely delicious. The chicken was moist and flavorful, and the waffles were probably the BEST waffles I have ever eaten.Oeufs du Jour ($26): Scrambled eggs with wild shrimp, sauteed spinach, Cajun hollandaise sauce and brioche toast. This dish had a ton of personality and flavor. One bite and you are instantly transported to the French Quarter in New Orleans. The eggs were light and fluffy and the shrimp were buttery and sweet. And the savory hollandaise sauce had a nice kick of heat.So for those who had a less than stellar experience at Bouchon, I will repeat the advice that I was given: You must try the brunch. For it really is the best.
3	High expectations. Had just read about Bouchon in Wine Spectator. I had narrowly missed dinner at Keller's  Napa French Laundry before it was famous so I was anxious to see what "America's Top Chef" could do. I arrived solo and was seated at a banquette, which I dislike. I had couples on either side and I was closer to the girls than their dates were. The bread was fabulous and the warm pistachios were a nice touch. I ordered the appetizer special, scallops mousseline. It tasted fine but was ridiculously small. It would not have crowded a saltine. My waiter noticed I still looked hungry and offered another appetizer (at full price, of course.) I ordered the French Onion soup after hearing my banquette-mates exclaim goodness. I should have passed. It was very salty (and far below the high soup standard set the day before by Mon Ami Gabi in Harrah's Paris.)  The salmon came and it was sauteed on one side until crispy. I was surprised at the level of cooking since I had ordered it rare. It was actually still mosit in the center, buy the crispyness seemed to dissipate most of the flavor. The fish itself was unseasoned and a little salt would have helped liven it. Unfortunately, a saltshaker is not an option on the table. The fava bean, bacon and mushroom sauce was properly seasoned and helped although it was a less than effective compliment to the salmon. My curiosity is now satisfied, but in a negative way.
4	I ordered the special of the day, braised pork short rib de-boned.  I have to say pretty good, the pork melted in my mouth.  It was a large rectangular block of rib sitting on a metal platter.The salad was a typical garden salad. It was served with small carrots and peas in a delightful sauce.  The vegetables could have been better.  A little more variety would have been better, to compliment the pork.The bread was served on table freshly baked and it had an interesting weave allowing a person to pull off pieces of bread they like would, leaves off a stem.
5	I have delayed writing this review as it has taken me sometime to put my thoughts in order regarding what might be one of the top 3 dining experiences of my life up until this point.First... It is a Thomas Keller restaurant.  Arguably one of the best chefs alive and a true master of the culinary arts.  If you can't appreciate this simply fact then you would be better off spending your money at McDonald's.The atmosphere here is fantastic, if not a bit loud...  but then again, it's Vegas baby.  Menu's are on brown wax-type paper that will ring your napkin.  Our server was excellent, with out being overly pushy and was quite helpful in explaining questions we had on the menu.  He also didn't look at us in disgust when we joked about not being able to order anything in French, due to our limited linguistic abilities.Now... on to the food.  It was incredible!  I could leave it at that but I wont.  We had a group of five and started with multiple appetizers.  Specifically, we had the Escargot... delicious with the puff pastry on top,The Pork Belly Sausage... I believe the dates in this dish really make for a maple like flavor that is awesome, A selection of Oysters, most from the Pacific Northwest and all extremely fresh and grit free, and finally, the chilled Mussels.  I love Mussels but had not had them chilled before.  Again, they were fantastic.I had the Steak Frites for my entree.  The steak was excellently prepared and the frites were a golden, crispy, salty, wonderful experience.  The herbed butter on the steak was excellent as well.  My wife had the Roasted Chicken dish and it was phenomenal as well.To finish I had the Chocolate Mousse, it was the richest, thickest, creamiest Mousse I've ever had... I loved it.  I was also able to sample the Apple Tart, and Beignets... both we as good if not better than the mousse.I can't recommend this place highly enough... in my mind it is a 'Can't miss" while in Vegas.  I am looking forward to buying the Bouchon cookbook and trying out some of these recipes.  If they turn out half as good at home as they did at the restaurant I'll be a happy guy!
4	I heard that TK opened up a Bouchon restaurant in Vegas, but it was never awarded a Michelin star, unlike the original Bouchon in Yountville.  However, I still wanted to try it out and I was indeed very pleased.  Our waiter was very kind and attentive and always made sure that we had a fresh cup of coffee/water.I went to Bouchon for brunch and my father and I started off by sharing an order of one of the seafood specials and boy were those oysters good.  Forgot what types there were, but there were at least 4 different types, all with a distinct flavor.  For the main course I had the omelette special of the day and my father had the french toast.  Both were quite tasty.  They also gave us complimentary epi baguettes from Bouchon Bakery, but I recall they weren't as good as the ones I ate in Yountville (it could be because these weren't fresh from the oven).I have yet to visit the main restaurant in Yountville, but I'm hoping the food will be tastier there.  I guess I can see why this one wasn't given a Michelin star.  I wasn't blown away by the food like I have been by other 1 Michelin star restaurants.  Still though, Bouchon is definitely a great place for brunch.
4	It was probably a little early in the season to eat outdoors, but we braved it anyway.  It was very peaceful in the garden at the Venetian.  We skipped starters and went straight to mains.  I had the salmon with peas and wild mushrooms, hubby had a croque madam with fries and sister had mussels with fries.  I have NEVER seen so many fries on one table - must remember never to order extra fries here! That said, everything was cooked beautifully and I enjoyed every morsel of my dinner.  No complaints - it's a lovely place to eat in Vegas (and especially if you're staying in the Venetian, then it's very convenient!)
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for my 24th birthday in March. I was impressed w/ everything about our dinner -- service, food, ambiance -- even the unique paper menus that one of the waiters so kindly gave me 2 of to take home as a souvenir. I had the duck (skin crisped to perfection!) and my boyfriend had the baseball tenderloin special that's vacuum sealed for 2 hours. We both tried each other's dish and agreed that the duck was the clear winner. We also ordered and loved the fries (VERY generous w/ the portion; we were only able to finish 1/2). For dessert, we got the Bouchons with ice cream which was also tasty.At the very end of the dinner, our server Michael surprised me with 2 bags of caramel nut popcorn to take home for my birthday. I was shocked. Our reservation was made on OpenTable and in the special comments, we mentioned we'd be celebrating my birthday. I thought it was very cool they gave me something to go home with and it's little things like this that make all the difference.This was one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I've ever had (better to me than Boulevard in SF, Vegas Fleur de Lys, etc). The service really stood out and was amazing, especially since we didn't order any appetizers and wine, which can sometimes lead to neglectful service. I look forward to coming back next time!
5	I guess you can call this a delayed review since I went to Bouchon last year only to get short changed because I missed their Chicken & Waffles by one day since it was only available for weekend brunch.  Ended up going to Flavors Buffet to get their own Chicken & Waffles....wasn't the same.This time I made sure that once I arrived in Vegas, I made it priority number one to head to Bouchon and get those Chicken & Waffles Sunday morning.  I didn't even have a hotel room yet, so that just shows how committed I was to eating them. So right when I arrived, I rushed straight over to Bouchon and told the waiter my story and he immediately placed my order for Chicken & Waffles, I also added a 'side order' of Pomme Frites, and a Mimosa.  It was $45 extra value meal, LOL  But it was worth it!!I was so amazed how many orders of Chicken & Waffles were flying out of the kitchen.  Just made my mouth water for every one that passed by my table.  I was cool though when I finally got mine, my spread caught the attention of the tables beside me and curiousity got the best of them and they ordered Chicken & Waffles with Pomme Frites too!  Hahaha!!  We all toasted our Pomme Frites!I really had a blast at Bouchon this time.  It's definitely my favorite restaurant in Vegas and I can't wait to go back again to finally try their dinner menu.  5 stars again!!!
3	While the food ranged from ok to very good (the soup was one of the best things I have ever eaten), there were many things I didn't like.First of all, the menu? Nothing is accurate. They don't erase the specials as they're no longer available, so I got super excited about the slow roasted lamb shanks only to be shot down and forced to choose an alternative quickly. They also don't update changes to the regular menu. For instance, my friend Val ordered what was supposed to be a watercress and endive salad with Roquefort, apples, walnuts, and a walnut vinaigrette, and it came with pears.  Another example: they changed what was on my entree (and unlike the pear substitution, didn't even bother to tell me about it). I was supposed to have roasted leg of lamb with a ragout of coco beans, piquillo peppers, merguez sausage, and lamb jus. Instead, I had farva beans and carrots and some sort of white thing. Merguez is a red sausage flavored with sumac, paprika, cayenne or harissa, and a little bit of anise -- it's supposed to be spicy and bold in flavor, and is definitely not white. The limp, overly-anisey white thing aside, it was pretty good. The white thing was gross. (Incidentally, marguez is a fairly popular lamb sausage in France, and spicy; I ate quite a few of them when I lived in France, because they were cheap. Whatever that white thing was, it was *not* the merguez I ate there.)The wine menu is pretty weird, and they ended up charging two others at my table for a bottle of wine as four glasses (instead of as a bottle). Boo.The wait staff was ... interesting. My waiter was funny, but a pompous ass. He ordered our desserts - including ordering desserts for people who didn't ask for some, and then charged us for the desserts that weren't requested! We eventually got them taken off the bill, but really, who does that?  A few of us had the bouchons (dense chocolate cakes the shape of a cork, cocoa nibs, homemade vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup), and they were pretty good, though the pumpkin pot de creme looked better.The star of the night, by far, was the creamy sweet corn soup, which was beautifully silky smooth aside from some minced pototatos, salty minced bacon (which made a wonderfully crunchy contrast), and chopped chives. I lust after this soup, and one day, I will figure out its secrets.The bread and pistachio nuts they served beforehand were good, as were the sweets they included (on top of the desserts) - I got to grab the nougat, which was deeeeeeelicious.Conclusion: Glad I went, because the soup was awesome, and the rest of the food was pretty good. Would I go again? Probably not. For the prices Bouchon charges, the menu should always be accurate and the wait staff knowledgeable about what changes have been made (such as the merguez substitution).
5	Fantabulous. This place is a casual French Laundry with near food quality at a fraction of the price. For breakfast, it may be the best place to eat in Vegas. It's hard to pick a place to start: The quiche, however, is exquisite. It's cooked to perfection with perfect proportions of ingredients and  exactly the right fluffiness. Do you like Croque Madame? Oh, yes, they make the best version of this I've ever consumed. Don't forget the donuts with Nutella. They are thick and cooked fresh, served up with fresh Strawberries. Amazing. The service was a couple notches above anything else on the Strip. Not flawless, but the waiter really cared about doing a good job, and he served us with a smile.
4	OMG TAHITIAN VANILLA BEAN BUTTER!! Can I get it to go? Please?I am so glad Anthony Bourdain came here on an old episode of No Reservations. He was right; they have AWESOME French fries here. When a chef says another chef has better [insert dish name here] you have to try it. Not having enough time to come here for dinner, we ended up eating brunch here. Note: they do not take reservations for breakfast or lunch; only dinner (and go to OpenTable.com).  We arrived around 1pm and was quoted a 20-minute wait. After a few minutes in the foyer and some free Madeline cookies, we decided to sit at the bar instead. We figured the service would be faster and we could watch the bartenders make drinks and the oyster shuckers work their magic. Unfortunately, our order was placed at 1:23pm and we did not get our food until 2:10pm. The bartenders that put in the order were baffled as well on how screwed up the kitchen was. They kept looking at the receipt (that is preprinted when the order is placed) and at the clock above the bar then disappearing into the kitchen, only to tell us it would be a "moment." Aside from this, the food was fantastic.+ Croque Madame - ham sandwich with an egg on top and a MOUNTAIN of fries+ Lobster Bisque - I loved it because it didn't have the distinct white wine taste and you can see the lobster; also they add apples to it. Weird huh?+ Sourdough Waffles - didn't taste like sourdough but it was wonderful! Fresh strawberries, powdered sugar, vanilla bean butter and syrup?! Nothing was wrong with this dish.Notes: the restaurant is located in the Venezia Tower (go towards the guest rooms' elevators and take it up to the 10th floor and walk across the sky bridge.) You can request outdoor seating when you're making the reservation. The attire is pretty casual. The people next to us were in swimsuits underneath their clothes and I saw someone else in PJ bottoms.I can't wait to come back for dinner on my next trip.12/26/10 update:++ chicken and waffles - omg yummy+/- beignets were okay, I mean what's not to like about sugary donuts with jam and/or chocolate syrup, but it was a bit much (even for 3 people to share)
5	Bouchon you never fail to amaze me! Since I am such a fan of the Bouchon in Yountville, i just had to try it in Vegas. I have never eaten breakfast here so here it goes. Wait was like 5-10 mins at 10 in the morning...PERFECT. we were seated quickly. I ordered the sausage with scrambled eggs and my friend ordered the corn beef hash. My sausage was juicy and perfectly cooked where the skin was crunchy and the inside melts in your mouth. I thought my eggs were a bit overcook though. I also really liked my fizzy lemonade.Corn beef hash was DELICIOUS. the corn beefed was perfectly cooked and was not mushy at all. The hash had onions and potato in it...small cubes. The only problem was that our waiter was not attentive enough and we had asked for a dark napkin several times and it took a long time for them to bring it. Also he refilled my lemonade too late...(after i had paid and was ready to leave)
2	The food was no where as good as I thought it would be, considering the raving reviews this place gets.  It was edible, but nothing spectacular.  I ordered the croque madame which pretty much tastes like ham, eggs, and toast that I could've made at home.  My friend had the corned beef hashed, which was not so much corned beef but diced ham.  The only thing good there was the chicken and waffles.The waiter was pretty clueless, bringing wrong things and forgetting what some of our party ordered.  I wouldn't go back there again.
4	i've been back to eat dinner and breakfast many times...and, i've never been disappointed...except one time when i ordered the brioche french toast...it was more like a brioche bread pudding...it was just waaaay too sweet...other than that ONE time, i've always been pleased with my dining experiences at bouchon...there is something to be said for consistently good food and service...i usually eat breakfast at least once at bouchon when i'm in las vegas...last time, my friend i ordered:coffee...tea with milkhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=YcXYj3HsiujV-W-lg32YIQpotato croquettes, eggs, bacon, and toasthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=6inaP277c7Ujr4uLXB1IyQcorn beef hash with cubed potatoes and eggs....my favorite breakfast item at bouchon...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=GkcwhVOg868hL67-efVgsAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=OhnLORkH5EhzC8ZN3VoSgQi also like their house-made yogurt and granola with currants, and bread basket...can't really go wrong here...
5	Bouchon was the last on our list of restaurants to try before we flew home, so we came here for brunch.  I wish it would've been the first on our list because I would've been here everyday for every meal.Let me start off with the hostess, who just went above and beyond.  We had our luggage (carry on sized) with us and instead of us dragging them around to our seats, she lugged our heavy bags and checked them for us.  Once seated, she even took my messenger bag and placed it in the seat next to me so it wouldn't get dirty on the floor.The waiter service was all smiles - I don't remember a time when our waiter came by and he didn't smile.I ordered the Croque Madame, which was good.  My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles - that dish is amazing.  The chicken was delicious and the waffles were light, crispy and airy.  We also ordered some of their pastries, which I highly recommend as well.  I just wish I'd seen their daily pastry specials prior to ordering what was on their menu.  Make sure you know what's available for the day, they have chalkboards on the walls.What a fantastic little bistro.  I only wish I could have savored everything they had to offer.
5	If you were only allowed to order two things at Bouchon, let those two things be their cheese danish and their french fries.While having a lovely brunch at Bouchon on a Saturday morning (after I learned the hard way that they're not open for brunch on weekdays), I stuffed myself with their house french baguette, two different kinds of beignets, a cheese danish, waffles with strawberry and whip, THEN I proceeded to indulge in my boyfriend's plate of delicious french fries that came with his steak pomme frites.  My fingers and hand were stuck in a repetitive motion that circled from his plate to my mouth until his plate was virtually left with nothing but crumbs.Now let's talk about their cheese danish.  If your mind is envisioning the flat cheese danish from your local starbucks, snap out of it.  Mr. Keller kicked it up ten notches when he created the flakey, muffin-size pastry dressed with a generous dollop of a decadent vanilla bean-cream cheese.  Pick one up from the Bouchon Bakery downstairs if you'd prefer to eat yours on the go.  Don't get me wrong... almost everything I tried was delicious.  But what sticks out in my mind a month and a half after my visit remains the cheese danish and fries.  The restaurant was filled with character and charm on a bright spring day atop the Venetian Tower.  Service staff was plentiful and friendly.
2	We ate at Bouchon this evening and I had what I usually have, Steak Frites. Perhaps there's a new chef there, but I was remarkably disappointed: the food was little better than mediocre. Below is my earlier review, written after many dinners there. Mr. Keller, I am disappointed in what's happened to what used to be one of my favorite restaurants here in Las Vegas."Okay, this is our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. First, the food's just grand, though the service can be a little slow at times, but the food's great so who cares. "Moreover, it's reasonably priced for a venue of this calibre. My wife and I have always gotten out of there for under $100. The caveat here is that we don't drink there."One of these days we're going to try it for brunch, though it's a tough reservation, or used to be."
4	Came here again for dinner and it was superbGot the duck dish and sampled portions from the chicken and salmon. The chicken was all right, the duck decent, but let me tell you, the salmon was AMAZZZING!. I've never had salmon prepared so perfectly before, very moist on the inside with a perfect amount of crispness to it on the outside. It was definitely delicious. And the sauce?  I caught my friend sopping up the sauces with the bread cause it was so delicious.Typically I don't like to return to the same restaurants in Vegas because there is such a wide selection, but I definitely will be returning to this one! Oh and a big thanks to my  yelp friend Vinh H. who treated. Gotta love a friend that is generous!Another note: We had asked if they had flavored butter, and the waiter joked that the butter was already flavored. I thought he was only joking, but he was right! Very nice intense butter flavor, only good quality butter tastes like this!Good quality food from a very fine establishment!
5	Two words: Foie Gras!  This is probably the best cold foie gras I have ever had, couple that with a great wine list and a cool bar and you have a perfect place to start your night.  If you are eating in the dinning room, you will want reservations.
3	Sad to say, but this place has gone way downhill from the first time I tried it 5 years ago. Granted, I went to brunch 5 years ago and this time I had dinner, but you can tell by the quality that it's just not the same.  I had the saffron mussels in a white wine broth but I also tried the pate, the steak, and the halibut.  Mussels: There were like 50 mussels on my plate.  Usually I don't mind big portions but the flavor of the broth suffered because th mussel taste overpowered the delicate broth.  The mussels were also fishy so I don't know about how fresh they were.  Also there were some that didn't open all the way and some that were dried out and way over-cooked.Steak:   Perfectly cooked but had a weird gamey flavor to it. Pate- DELISHHalibut- okay but forgettableService:  F-.... took away our plates while we were still eating from it.  Took away our dessert when there was still HALF left.  assholesI LOVE TK and his bakery inside the venetian is still excellent (esp. those pistachio macarons) but this is a perfect example of a good restaurant with bad management.  I've been to the Bouchons in Napa and in NYC and those are still very good.  It's just THIS one that's really not worth the money
4	I like this place because the ingredients are different. I didn't really care for any of the waffles or french toast. I thought it was a bit tart & weird. The chicken with the waffles was delicious though. Very flavorful. My Strawberry Fields was sparkly & wonderful in my mouth. The little tiny dried strawberries were divine. If you are looking for a fruity cocktail, then don't order any of their drinks. I got the Croque Madam & it was pretty good. It was like a grilled ham & cheese with a poached egg. I thought it was an unusual addition by Thomas Keller since the sandwich is usually considered a peasant food. I also enjoyed their rasberry beignet. DO NOT PASS THAT UP!! People say the orange juice is amazing & I do not why. It's a orange that's been squeezed. Great job Mr. Keller. Maybe one day I will be able to afford some of your other restaurant.
3	3.5 stars!Since I missed my chance to visti Bouchon in Napa, I came here instead; especially since I stayed at the Venetian. There was not much of a wait so we lucked out. The decor was nice and intimate and we sat in the patio area  facing the pool side. The staff was friendly and attentive. I ordered the bread pudding french toast which was not what I expected it to be. It was beautiful but not something I would order again. It was really on the heavy side and exremely soggy for my taste. I cant say I like it or hate it. It was just BLAH !I also picked off my friends plates to see how their food tasted. Their food tend to be on the salty side, especially the soup of the day. Again, it looked pretty and the portions were generous but the taste can be improved for the prices they ask. I would definately try Bouchon again in hope that i pick something I like next time. I did enjoy the experience and the ambiance.
4	This was my second time dining here.  I got the beignets again, not the ones filled with raspberry.  They were delicious as I remembered.  I ordered the Croque Madame again (yummy - it comes with a huge mound of crispy shoestring fries, too) and:-Rillettes aux Deux Saumons - This dish was a lot of work, but my friend really liked it.  You basically make your own open faced smoked salmon sandwich with a variety of items.-Sourdough Waffles - Liked this one, too.  The waffles were light and crisp.-Crispy Pork Belly - This was a small piece of pork for the price ($12).  The sauce and corn was delicious.Service was good and our waiter was friendly.  One day I'll have to try them out for dinner!
4	This was my second time eating at Bouchon. My prior visit was a year ago & a positive food experience (had the saffron mussels and have been hunting down a bowl that can compare to this one) Glad to report that the quality of food is as expected with Thomas Keller's name attached to the place. This is a beautiful space that make you feel like you are in a bistro in Paris (with a lot of personal space). We had the chocolate beignets to start which were delicious with the raspberry & nutella that they were served with. Almost too large a portion and we had to waste one in order to not fill up.  I had the shrimp & grits topped with runny over easy eggs. This was a very comforting & hearty dish. My girlfriend had the boudin blanc, which has a soft texture and delicate flavor. The only downside was that after prompt initial service, our waiter was no where to be found after our food arrived. They forgot our order of frites (which are some of the best I have had, as per my last visit,) and i was not able to request some from our waiter. Quite disappointing as the frites were one of my main reasons for coming back :(  The downturn in service put a slight damper on things. However, the food is excellent and this place is a must for anyone who loves French food. Memories of trips to France are definitely going to be rekindled in terms of food!
5	If you are looking to have a fantastic french dinner in a gorgeous setting, then Bouchon is the place to go.  We made a reservation the day before on Open Table and got the time we wanted (it was a Tuesday after all).  When we got there we asked to be seated outside and with luck, they had a table big enough for our party of 6.  The outdoor seating area is on a raised balcony in the same courtyard as the pool.  You would never know though, because the landscaping and design of the area makes you feel like you are in an olive tree filled Italian Piazza with ancient columns and little nooks for sitting.  In any case, the atmosphere is great and with the weather that Vegas has, you can't go wrong sitting outside.Anyway on to the food and drink.  They serve some classic cocktails (I had the Singapore Sling), new cocktails, wine and beer.  The menu comes on a piece of brown paper (similar to butcher's paper) and it's wrapped around your napkin.  Great selection of food.  I had French Onion soup and a dish that included scallops and giant capers.  We did share lots of other dished including the foie gras (probably the best I have ever had), ceviche octopus, duck, ham hock, and so on.  All of the food was excellently prepared and absolutely delicious.  Sadly we did not have room for dessert....All in all, I highly recommend it.  It's not cheap, but it is well worth it.
4	Heard much about this Thomas Keller place in Vegas. Price is surprisingly acceptable for a fancy restaurant like this one. I only went there for breakfast and had the Croque Madame which is basically like an Eggs Benedict with Toast instead of Muffin. It is however one of the best I have ever had when it comes to an Egg and Ham sandwich. The toast was grilled to perfection which adds to the overall texture and taste. I would come back and try for a dinner item for sure!!!
4	We booked this place for a corporate event for over a hundred people so this probably isn't super helpful unless you're interested in bringing a large party here.They sat us outside which in late May ended up being perfect and their outside seating area is great if you need a focal point for for an awards dinner. All but 2 out of maybe 12 tables can see the center point where we did our awards.We had a pre-set menu and overall I had some complaints about the meal.From the 4 people who I know had salmon (myself included), we all thought it was a bit overcooked and thats a bummer b/c its pretty easy to keep salmon moist. I realize that its hard to make each dish your best when you're cooking for a hundred people at once. I don't know if it was cooked right there and then or if they ended up having another party delivering the food, but it ended up being a bit dry but still quite good.The dessert was decent but nothing to rave about. Between all the restaurants we've had our huge dinners at this ranks up there but if I was to look for a dinner place with my gf and based that on our experience, this wouldn't be a slam dunk choice.Again, its hard to make everything perfect for 100+ people and overall this was a good experience.
5	First off, we got very very good service because we had booked the private dining room for our party of 10, which came with a personal waiter and busboy team and direct access to the kitchen, so no problems on service.We started off with 3 orders of the chocolate dusted beignets, that arrived freshly fried to order with a side of two sauces: nutella and a rasberry jam. Fantastic. Fresh and airy, lightly dusted, and with sweet sauces (save the sauces for the bread you'll get later). Which by, the way, is also very good. We also ordered a variety of fresh baked goods. i went with the cheese danish (which was a little thicker than I was used to, but still fantastic with creamy cheese in the center), we also had the sticky buns, which was just ridiculously good. Not too dry, not too sweet, perfectly sticky.Our table ordered a variety which included the Sourdough Waffles with Strawberry, the French Toast (signature dish), the chicken and waffles (with bacon infused batter, which basically tastes like cocaine), and the tuna salad sandwich. Everything was served with decent portions, well executed, clean, and very tasty. I found the sourdough waffles to be light and airy, served with strawberries that were sweet but with that hint of tart, so good that i didn't even have to put syrup on my waffles!Although I found the prices to be a bit steep ($13 for mimosas and champagnes, although try the French 75 and the hibiscus champagne), we got out of there, with gratuity included, for about $40 a person. The entrees themselves are REALLY affordable, under $15 for most dishes (including $12 for french toast or waffles)All in all, Bouchon is one of those splurge for fantastic food that borders on art experiences that define Vegas. While I found that everything was excellent, I wasn't completely blown away by anything particular that said to me "this is the best ____ I've ever had". Still, definitely come here and give it a try!
5	Go to Bouchon.  Forget about how much you are paying and just go.Your experience will be wonderful.  Period.Everything on the menu is made fresh and tastes great.  The breads and pastries, in particular, are delightful.
4	For my Memorial Day weekend trip to Vegas, I wanted to stop by Bouchon since we heard rave reviews about the sourdough waffles and the butter. Brunch on the weekends end at 2 pm, and we barely made it there in time to find 2 empty seats at the bar.  I started my meal off with an Iced Caffe Latte, which after taking the first sip, made me think that I should have gotten a mimosa instead.  We ordered the French Toast, Sourdough waffles with strawberries, an omelet with bacon, and corned beef hash.They started us off with the French Toast and waffles.  We were surprised that the French Toast looked more like layered flan that what we were accustomed to, but I guess reading the menu description would have helped.  The waffles were awesome though, and I would come here again only to have the waffles.
5	My biggest problem with Vegas restaurants, well specifically those on the Strip, is execution. I'm simply tired of overpriced and poorly executed celebrity chef restaurants that look dressed up and ready for the prom, but deliver a night at home in front of the Playstation. There are however a few exceptions that consistently bring it because they focus on the basics. Now before all you Vegas snobs get your underwear in a knot; I base my Vegas dining on what I know, what's recommended and what I read. I'm willing to branch out and try new places, but I can't justify spending $400 on a 16 course degustation menu at Joel Robuchon on current budget.With that said, I was fortunate enough to be staying at the Venetian during my last trip and upon arrival, immediately dumped my bags and headed downstairs to Bouchon for a seat at the bar. Bouchon is the vision of world-renowned chef Thomas Keller of Napa's French Laundry fame. Fashioned after the original Bouchons of Lyon after which it was modeled, Bouchon just delivers great rustic bistro classics with only the best seasonal ingredients. The food, which I will get to in a minute, is awesome, but the bread and butter. Holy bleep. I wanted to curl up in bed with it - so good. My app featured pork belly sausage with anise, new crop potato salad, medjool dates & roasted shallot vinaigrette. Dinner was roasted leg of lamb with a ragout of coco beans, piquillo peppers, merguez sausage and lamb jus. Everything was spot on and i washed it all down with several glasses of Hall 05' Cab. Basically Bouchon was so good, I ended up there for breakfast the next three days in a row. It won best breakfast in Las Vegas for a reason. Breakfast eats included: corned beef hash with two eggs over medium and brioche toast; white sausage with scrambled eggs, croissant and beurre noisette; and a spinach and bacon quiche. And the aforementioned bread and butter was also taken down at breakfast with crazy good in-house cherry preserves. Bouchon is about as good as Vegas dining gets. Big fan. Will go back again and again when in town.
5	This is really 4.5 stars. Great food great service. Ordered the steak frites, which was good but i have had better at dedicated steakhouses. The fries were some of the best i had ever had.
4	Tamara recommended this place and it was pretty good!Went for brunch which only required about a 10 minute wait for seats (better than I'd anticipated tbh).  Like she mentioned, we ordered the pastry basket which was  worth it.  The gratis bread was a little too hard for my liking (though I'm to understand the harder the bread, the better it is in France I guess).For my entree I got the quiche du jour, which for the day ended up being Florentine.  It was good, I'll give it that, but for $13 I was expecting something like a small personal size quiche or something, not a "slice" with a small handful of salad greens on the side.  Comparing it to Tam's $18 Croque Madame which easily had a full pound of fries as well as the entree, I felt somewhat regretful of my decision.Biggest reason I only gave it 4 stars was the water.  If the waiter is insisting you get alcohol, that's probably because the "house water" is from a toilet bowl and the "sparkling water" ($7 btw), is carbonated toilet water.
5	Dinner at Bouchon was the highlight of my recent weekend with my better half in Vegas. Surprisingly, we were able to get reservations relatively last minute and oh how we enjoyed our meal! It was slightly challenging to locate the restaurant (on the 10th floor of the Venetian), but this had the added benefit of weeding out much of the typical tourist riff raff. Hint - look for the Venezia tower/elevator.Start to finish, the food was positively delectable. I especially enjoyed the appetizer du jour that was comprised of white asparagus gelee, fresh strawberries and balsamic vinegar. The 100% homemade (pastry, ice cream, & chocolate sauce) profiteroles were a brilliant finish to a perfect meal. Our server was super knowledgeable and extremely congenial. He really impressed me by recommending a fantastic chardonnay/bordeaux  to pair with my monkfish entree.Hands down - this was the best meal I've had in LV EVER! 5 tasty stars!
4	I liked this place. The service was excellent. The bread way amazing.The outdoor patio was great, it was a perfect evening in Vegas.We had a couple of their specialty martini type drinks, they were all excellent with fresh juices and mixed perfectly.The oysters were so fresh they seemed plucked straight from the ocean! I had my doubts ordering oysters and being in Vegas. But I had heard Anthony Bourdin has first pic flown in fresh daily, so I was confident they would be fresh, and they certainly did not disappoint. The asparagus/prosciutto appetizer was strange, it sounded better than it tasted, I probably would not recommend ordering that due to some sort of odd seasoning they used. I had a daily special appetizer, which had pork belly. I have never had pork belly so I decided to go for it, it was my favorite, quite delicious! It had crispy squares of pork with some sort of custard sauce in a pie crust with micro greens and white asparagus. The crust was addicting!For main courses, I had the roasted chicken. I love roasted chicken, I make an amazing one myself, so I had to try what they did with it. Well, it was a huge disappointment. It was bland, flavorless, and dry. The sauce was so weak that came with it, well I could not tell what type of sauce it was. I would NOT recommend ordering this dish to anyone unless you are on a special diet that restricts seasoning.My friend had the steak and frittes, and WOW that was so good! The steak was the best I have ever had. There was some sort of butter herb onion marmalade topping on the steak. The steak was so tender that it melted in your mouth, and with the topping, well it was sheer perfection!The frittes (aka fries) were crispy and delicious! I would highly recommend ordering this!I ended up filling up on my friends steak and ditching the dud of a chicken dish.For dessert we had the profiteroles, I think. We gobbled them up so quick even thought we were stuffed that, well, I barely remember seeing them.So the grand total with tax and tip was $230.90! That was an awesome deal for the quantity and quality, and let's not forget being in Vegas! Cheers to you Bouchon!
4	My husband and I come here for brunch every time we're in Vegas. As usual we order like we've never eaten before. Mimosa and bellini, tap water (they charge for still/sparkling), sourdough waffles, THE FRIES, white sausage and salmon baguette, and some extra pastries. The truth is, the only reason why we came here the first time is because of the Thomas Keller association, but after coming here one too many times, Thomas Keller or not, we became repeat customers because of their good food and service. I think it is worth a try!
3	3 stars = Food4 stars= AmbiancePersonally I think the food is okay not fantastic but the ambiance makes everything taste better. The service was very slow especially the seating...maybe that's a french thing....maybe that's part of the french ambiance LOL. The french eggs were not was I was expecting. And everything I tried was very buttery...again probably a french thing. Probably will stick to the Bouchon Bakery next time.
1	"Boo chon to the couchon"Good but not amazing. I hate to air some French Laundry here, but to be honest I was not impressed with Mr. Keller's extension into Vegas. I  am worshipper of all thing Keller, but maybe that hype over played what we ate. The ambiance is very Vegas and over the top. But I never go to a place for the ambiance alone. I go there because I am hungry and my taste buds tell me so. Taste buds say - salty with a chance of mediocrity. It was a good steak, and the fries were a highlight and if I could combine Bouchon fries with a double In-and-Out burger, I would call it a day and save the calories on all of the other "French" delectables. But, the food overall was so salty that I felt like a camel that has been wandering the Sahara for months. The veal appetizer with the lentils were amazing! Pate? Salt lick wrapped in bacon and more salt liverishness. The oysters seemed fresh, but maybe the thought of being in the desert and having witnessed first hand what Seattle has to offer, I would save the airline fare and just fly to Seattle and find a place having happy hour by the piers. Sorry, Bouchon is good, but for the amount we spent and the hype. Epic fail.
5	We had been looking forward to Sunday Brunch at Bouchon for weeks and were pleased that we didn't encounter a long wait when we arrived. Got a seat on the patio with a view of... well, middle aged women in one piece swim suits? WTF? I tried to focus on closer surroundings. I had french toast - a very unexpected presentation. A cylindrical tower of brioche, custard and apples. Very tasty and quite filling.My wife had the most excellent Croque Madame. But as far as I am concerned, the star of the show was the French Fries. Possibly the best I've ever had.Service was perfect. All and all a perfect Sunday morning.
2	Tables were covered with thick white paper. Bread was served directly onto the paper cover. Hope it was replaced after previous customers. You can get the same quality of paper cover at the Macaroni Grill. At least there they write on it so you know you got a new cover. No bread plates, you had to keep putting your bread onto the table cover. The bread was a fancy woven design so had lots of crust and not much bread inside. If you want salt or pepper you have to ask for it, no shakers on the table. The waiter comes over and grinds the salt like they do pepper. Guess it is unacceptable to salt and pepper your own food. Fish served with the head on. French style? My wife thought the menu was rather limited and really did not find anything she liked. My daughter did not like it at all as it did not come across as a "fancy" restaurant. She had steak and just barely was I able to stop her from asking for A-1 Sauce. She thought the steak was dry. The sound was pretty bad as there is little if any thought to sound control. Voices echo off the walls and if you want you can eavesdrop on conversations across the room.Unless you are really into "authentic" French food, I would not recommend this place.
4	Bouchon's seafood selection is excellent. I ended up eating and enjoying the seafood more than my actual dish. It has a little patio outside by the pool area, but by the middle of my meal I wished I had sat inside because the Vegas heat was just too much for me to enjoy the sun and the cocktail.At first I ordered 1/2 dozen of oysters, and they were delicious. So then I ordered Petit Plateau, which comes with 1/2 lobster, clams, oysters, shrimp, and mussles. They were all very delicious. I was way too full before my main dish, trout, came out. If you're one of those people who are sensitive about animal rights, don't order the trout. It was good, but the fish comes out with its head attached and the body cut in half vertically, which made me feel as if I were dissecting that thing every time I took a stab at it.Next time I go back to Vegas, I would go back to Bouchon and just order a bunch of oysters. So yummy!
4	I would actually give this place a 3.5 but.. can't do half points on Yelp. There were a lot of good things about this restaurant. Thomas Keller being the main one. The atmosphere is very casual to go along with prices that are very reasonable. The bread was very very good and was unfortunately probably the best thing they had. The veal appetizer was also excellent. But the rest of the menu was slightly disappointing. It lacked creativity and the dishes were not too flavorful. The chicken was the best dish out of the dishes we tried so definitely try that. And if you order anything with fries, it's enough for about 3 people so if you don't want to eat too many, you might want to substitute for veggies or something. All in all a pleasant experience but don't expect your taste buds to explode from flavor.
5	I stayed at the Venetian Hotel with my girls and we ate breakfast at this restaurant about 3 times.  We love it.  The food is so good and the atmosphere is cool.
4	We had breakfast at Bouchon. It was good, the service was great, and all together we were pleased. I had eggs, bacon & toast.Why so boring? Well, Thomas Keller obviously figured one thing out right, and that's how to poach a damned egg. Perfect.My wife had the Croque Madame which was good, but the amount of fries served with it was more than a little embarrasing. Like three potatoes worth.Coffee was very good. Mimosa was very good. Price was expensive, but not really for nice dining on the strip.The location was, again for being on the strip, very peaceful.So why not 5 stars? Well as good as it was, it didn't hold a candle to almost the same breakfast I had at one of Keller's other resturaunts, Ad Hoc. I know they are very different and the comparision really isn't fair, but there you go.
5	We heard that breakfast here was a chance to eat a fairly affordable meal ($15-$22) at a Thomas Keller restaurant.  We came here on a weekday morning just after 9am and were seated promptly with a smile, a few rows away from the small pool outside (the hostess joked that it was the Venetian's "kiddie pool").  The restaurant is smaller than I thought it would be, with very high ceilings and an airy, sunlit atmosphere.  I had the Breakfast Jardiniere with eggs over medium, choosing a chocolate croissant.  It was obvious that the chefs really pay attention to the details.  The croissant came first with a cup of fruit.  Flaky and amazingly buttery, the croissant had delicious bittersweet chunks of chocolate.  Each cube of fruit, whether grape or cantaloupe, was sweet and ripe.  The eggs came with a toasted brioche, sauteed spinach, and a side of potatoes cut to the size of nickels.  The eggs were an incredibly deep yellow color (from naturally-raised chickens, perhaps?) that I haven't seen from eggs in ages.  The light oil and salt on the potatoes made for a tiny dance of flavor in my mouth.  The sauteed spinach came with big chunks of garlic.  I'm a real garlic lover, so I actually wanted an even stronger garlic taste from the spinach, but I couldn't complain about the tender texture.I also tried the Oeuf Au Gratin, a deep dish of baked eggs that was a spoonful of richness.  Their coffee was excellent, and their orange juice was very good as well.I'm recommending this breakfast to all my friends that are headed to Vegas.  Breakfast service ends at 10:30am I believe, which might be difficult for the night-owl party types in Sin City.
4	A really great French restaurant with excellent service. They offer inside or outside seating.  Outside is a view of the pool.  We opted for inside seating since it was scorching hot outside.We ordered the pork shank and the salmon dish.  As an appetizer we got the octopus salad.  The salad was delicious and the octopus was very flavorful. I expected little tiny octopus but it was actually a big octopus that they had cut into small pieces.  The pork shank meat was very tender as well as the salmon (which they cooked medium).  The portions here are not big but the food is definitely filling.Prior to our meal we were served complimentary fresh baked french bread.Prices here are extremely expensive. The average entree is at least $30-$40.
5	Had an early dinner here with my bff.  We shared a liter of wine, and it was the best stinkin cab I have ever had.  Sadly, I don't remember what it was.. maybe cuz of the 1/2 liter of wine I had that night.  haha.  The food here is amazing!  Started with the hazelnut beet salad and wine glazed pork belly.. the salad had pickled ramps that were so tasty!  No strong onion flavor.. it almost tasted like asparagus with a light spring onion taste. And the pork belly was crispy and creamy at the same time!  Served with a ramp custard, the two were a match made in heaven.  For the main course, I had the pork loin served with a baked ramp custard, roasted Anjou pears and morels... To die for! Kinda tasted like Korean food.. which is a good thing.  Pork and green onion pancake (sahm gyup sal and pah jun).  My friend had the lamb, but I can't say too much about that since I don't like lamb.  :)For dessert.. we had the creme brulee and Ill Flotante.  The creme brulee was pretty standard, but the ill flotante was like a fluffy cloud of dreamy goodness.  Haha.  it was soooo amazing!  airy meringue in a sea of anglaise and a little gravy boat of fleur de sel caramel sauce.. holy mother of all good desserts.  For the two of us, we spent close to 300.. yes, it's pricey, but for a splurge meal, it's as good as it gets!
4	Bouchon was a place I always wanted to try after hearing about the hype and unable to secure online reservations at the LA location. Luckily, we called in for reservations on Saturday @ 12pm for a 5:45pm dinner spot. Located at the Venzia towers (which was a bit difficult to find because we thought it was located somewhere around the shops). I liked how the bread was placed @ the table, with the paper menus and the mustard that cleared your nose after you ate it. Our whole table got the steak frites, which was about $45/person including 20% gratuity. It was THE BEST flat iron steak that I've ever had. The fries were nothing special, but I loved the grilled onions and the perfectly circle shaped butter on my steak. My other friend menioned that the rest of the food was just okay. I wouldn't mind coming back here, but their money making dish is probably the steak frites.Excellent service, excellent busboys, and great ambiance that could go either business casual or extremely casual all together.
5	Overall: I cant tell you how much i LOVE BOUCHON! Food: so delicious! I always have to eat here whenever i am in Vegas or Yountville. Always comes out with fresh warm epi bread and butter. Crispy Pork Belly salad was so delicious. Beef bourguignon was so tender. Dessert was so irresistible. Liquor: ordered a bottle of burgundy. hot dayam its expensive but so good - complemented the food. Decor: Nice high ceilings. Booths/tables are not so close together so there is alot of walking room.Service: SO GREAT! waiters, busboys will always keep your water and wine glass filled. They have knowledge of all the items on the  menu and the wine list. Just a reminder that it will take awhile between your courses since they want you to enjoy the company your with and talk and savor your food. If you are in a rush - dont go here.NOTE: Kinda hard to get to the location since its sorta outside of the Venetian - so make sure to ask people who work at the Venetian to point you the right direction. ALWAYS MAKE RESERVATIONS!
5	YUM!Fine dining is a guilty and expensive pleasure.Our first stop for our most recent Vegas trip was to have brunch here. Perfect start to a great trip!They don't have black napkins here, so if you're wearing dark colors, expect to potentially get white lint all over your lap.Our waiter ended up originally being from the Bay Area and we talked about the weather. (Seriously, what's up with this weather?) I ordered the french toast and my boyfriend ordered the croque madaam.The french toast was SO GOOD. Don't expect to be getting actual slices of toast either! This was a little tower of toast complete with apples.So good.They also have a plethora of champagne cocktails which is a major plus because I love champagne! My boyfriend ordered the hibiscus cocktail and it came with an edible flower too! Tasted sweet like candy!Part of me wishes we ordered more stuff to sample, but I was full off of my french toast and the epi bread that came before our meal.Excellent service and food!
1	Maybe we went there on a bad day but the food here was awful! They over salted all the dishes with the exception of the beet salad.  A group of 8 of us got seated outside fairly quickly for dinner service. We waited and waited at the table for a waiter to come and take our order..FINALLY one arrives but he's seems out of it (my friend thought he was on drugs)..he proceeds to tell us about the specials for what seemed like an eternity, it's like every word took 5 seconds to come out of his mouth. We had to ask for a new waiter, the management was accommodating and we got a new very normal guy, who knew what he was talking about.  I ordered the gnocchi entree and it was disgusting. The pasta was charred and there was a green leafy vegetable and pieces of nectarine in the dish (on the menu it just said it would have the gnocchi and vegetable).  The dish was also way over salted, as was everyone's entree dishes at the table.    The only good food here were the oysters, beet salad and the bread they offer here. Honestly, for the price that you pay for a meal here, the food is sub par.  I haven't had such a bad meal in a very very long time and for that to happen at a "high end" restaurant is just disheartening. Save your time and money.  This place does not live up to the hype.
2	Really disappointing for a 'high end'  restaurant. The food is OVER-Salted; to a point where it was not edible. Also, the portion of Fries is ridiculous; there was Way too much fries and most of it went to waste. Realistically, no one in Vegas takes anything to go. So i saw tables and tables worth of fries uneaten. That's a real waste of food. Also, i've been here a couple of times...and i'll really stop visiting. The food is uninspired and disappointing. And the service is seriously...undeservingly snobbish. Please...you're a french bistro, not the french laundry
5	Honestly, you can't go wrong with Bouchon. Thomas Keller is a genius.This is the best place to start off a Vegas trip. And what made my experience better was that my winnings at roulette right before we took a taxi to the Venetian paid for the entire meal plus drinks. 17 Black; it never fails.We got there around 10am on a Sunday and the place was already filling up for brunch. Our waiter was really nice; engaging in coversation, but not too annoying and very gracious.I ordered the croque madam. It was soo good, but I wished I ordered something more light like the french toast or waffles. It came with Bouchon's famous french fries which were seasoned perfectly. I need to come back for dinner.
5	This was, by far, the best dinner that we had in Vegas during our last trip.The feel of the restaurant is perfect. I really liked the fact that it was off the beaten path a little and wasn't in the middle of a casino. I actually forgot that I was in Vegas and not back home in San Francisco. Everything that we ordered was amazing. My fiancee ordered the steak frites, and our waiter, who offered amazing service, convinced me to get the trout. I'm so glad I did because it was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had. To top it off, the bill was totally reasonable for a high-end restaurant. Less than what we spent at Nobu and Mesa Grill which were both so-so. Can't wait to go back!
4	My last 2 dinners at Bouchon in Vegas did not live up the hype that Thomas Keller joints generate. That being said, it's still good French food that's worth trying once, especially if you're already staying in the Venetian.The good (from what I remember): French onion soup, mussels, creme brulee, and the complimentary bread. I typically don't butter my bread, but this butter is a must! The french fries that come with half of the entrees taste like less salty McDonalds fries--good or bad thing, you can decide.
5	Bouchon is a great place to enjoy brunch after the crazy nights of debauchery in Sin City.  I've visited this restaraunt twice and was pleased both times.  The chicken and waffles as simply as I would put it, is the must try.  Bacon in your gravy? No Way!  Chicken was done magnificently with the right crisp and texture.  Definitely would visit again when in Vegas.
5	I ate here practically seven days straight ... every meal, cocktail and dessert was to perfection ... all good ... wish it was near my home as it could quite easily be my 2nd home ... love!
4	I've been here a total of 3 times (2 for dinner and 1 for brunch).  The first time I was here I remember everything to be outstanding.  I ordered the steak frittes and it was tasty.  Friends ordered the mussels and they said it was good as well.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and the best thing was that it was comped.  After remembering the first dining experience there, decided to head back.  This time around we were seated outside on their patio, which was nice.  The waitress was friendly and even comped us a jar of their salmon rillettes.  This was the first time I've had it and it was tasty.  However, I ordered the steak frittes again and it wasn't as good.  Something was missing, not sure what it was but definitely not as good as I remembered it.  Next visit, time for brunch!  Did not know that Bouchon served breakfast/brunch.  Was in town for a conference and decided to head there with coworkers for brunch.  Coworker ordered their cheese danish which he said was tasty.  I ended up sharing the croque madame and the Bouchon french toast along with the lyonnaise potatoes and the sauteed spinach.  OMG was the croque madame and french toast tasty.  Oh and fries come with the croque madame.  We all left full and ready for the conference.Definitely will be back for their brunch which is really reasonable.  Be sure to give yourself enough time to dine here for brunch.  It took us nearly 2 hours before we finished, minutes before the start of our conference.
3	We ordered the special dish that night. The salad was excellent but the short ribs dish was just ok. The meat was soft but the taste wasn't really good. There menu is also limited and the chocolate dessert was a disappointment. I also don't like their choices of having french fries as part of their main dish. However, they have an excellent service as expected from an expensive restaurant.
5	We had the pleasure of dining at Bouchon recently and found it to be an incredible experience.  The mussels were amazing... so plump, juicy and fresh!  Had a half order as an appetizer and it arrived with a huge cone of frites.  They were so wonderful.  McDonalds fries pale in comparison!!!  Wish the waiter had warned us about the fries, because we had also ordered steak frites.  So many delicious frites went to waste.  The endive orange salad was divine, as well as the succulent lamb.The waiter was good, yet crafty... had us order a carafe of sauvignon blanc when a glass would have sufficed.  It was a big up charge.  And it was incredibly floral, when he said it would not be.  We also had to flag someone down to get the wine when our appetizer was already there.  When will servers realize that the wine, or cocktail, comes first!!  That is soooo irritating.Wish we had room for dessert, but ended up coming back for beignets  and cafe au lait on Sunday morning served by this delightful girl (wish I could remember her name) who always works the weekend brunch bar.  It was wonderful sitting in this beautiful sunlight room dipping the delicious beignets into the warm nutella.I was fortunate to have dinner at French Laundry once and thought it to be a excellent experience, but the food at Bouchon is just as memorable, even though it is not at the same culinary level.  It is just as delicious, fresh, and well prepared as the culinary haven in Yountville... all at a quarter of the price.Why 5 stars with the sub par service?  Because the food, host, and management levels were above and beyond most restaurants anywhere.Having dinner Saturday and Sunday brunch at the bar end of July, and I can't wait!!  Maybe I will remember what's her names name this time.Eat here, you will love it.
4	I went to Vegas about 6 months ago and decided to give Bouchon a try for brunch after a botched room-service fiasco at the Venetian. I had read many good things about the French Toast so I decided to go with that. My boyfriend went for the Ham Steak and Eggs. I must say, unfortunately, I was very dissapointed with the French Toast. Maybe I'm just not used to real, authentic French Toast but I thought it was a bit too soggy and sour? I didn't end up finishing my plate and instead, tried to devour my boyfriend's plate (when he wasn't looking). The Ham was excellently cooked; very juicy and not too salty. The potatoes were the best part of the dish. They were so savory and delicious! We still talk about it to this day! The bread was, of course, exquisite. I don't know how bread can taste that good but it did and I pretty much ate all of mine and most of my boyfriend's. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I'm in the area (or in the Yountville location).
5	Incredible! I was already a huge fan of Thomas Keller after dining at The French Laundry awhile ago, and after hearing (and reading) great things about Bouchon, I decided to try it out for dinner with my bf on our trip to Vegas.For starters, we ordered a 3 cheese sampler plate and seafood platter. The cheeses were great; we ordered 1 cow's milk, 1 goat's milk, and 1 sheep's milk cheese. The seafood platter came with shrimp, clams, mussels, oysters, and lobster tail -- great variety!For entrees, we ordered the pork loin (me) and leg of lamb (him). The pork loin was delicious! Not dry at all and very tasty. Of course, by that time I was already getting pretty full, but finished my course nonetheless. I tried some of the lamb as well, which was nice and tender.For dessert, we ordered the creme brulee. YUM! Can't go wrong there. Everything was washed down with an amazing bottle of Pinot Noir from Hirsch Vineyards (recommendation by our server).Overall, this was a delicious meal with incredible service. The attention to detail was apparent in everything. Thomas Keller can do no wrong in my book! :)-L.
4	I waited a long time to come here!  I even passed on the one in L.A.It was quite a treat.  But I realized something.  Your dinner partner is really important when spending a few bucks for a great meal.Amy and I met up in vegas for a last hoorah before diving back into the grind of work (in L.A. everyone ends there vaca's and hiatusus in July--so back to work!)So we dug in, first, to the 1000ml carafe of french sirrah (not syrah) for $49!  that's more than a bottle dudes!had the chilled muscles and cold cucumber soup for app's.  wow, i could never make something like that.  cucumber, smoked salmon, olive oil, white wine, and spiceslamb with vegetable ratatouille for me and he suggested roasted coq style half chicken with carmelized figs, whole stem mushrooms, and ramps.  je tame.it was so good.  the palate variety hit just right , my complaint actually was that it was too much food.  The lamb could have been slightly more tender too, but the garlic reduction sauce was the most flavorful thing I've tasted in a while.This time what happeded in Vegas can not stay, cheers!  (or ciao?)
5	My family and I were in Las Vegas over the 4th of July weekend and decided to try Bouchon as I'm a big fan of Thomas Keller.  We had such a great experience.  My husband ordered the steak and he fell in love.  I had the lamb which was so tender and tasty.  We have a 10 month old who joined us and the were extreamly accomidating.  Can't wait to go again!
4	yes, i'm back!!and this time i ordered the Moules au Safran. OMG it was DELICIOUS!! the broth was so flavorful with white wine, saffron, mustard, and the sweetness from the Maine bouchot mussels. This dish was served with French fries - YUM! love their fries!And they do not go stingy with their mussels, i had a good amount of mussels and with the fries that came along with it - the portion was perfect for lunch.
3	I have been to all four Bouchon and I was extremely disappointed when I came to this one. Even thought I had gonne last year, and it was very good, this time, it was not so good.The service was not there, the goodness of the food was not there, maybe the Chef was off that day because nothing was right.My food came out cold, I didn't complain, because my boyfriend asked me not to, so I ate it, and enjoyed it. It was not bad, it was good, but not like, wow, it was good.  I had the croque madame, a dish that I've had at Bouchon in Yountville. the morney sauce was bland, the sandwich was cold and so where my fries. I waited a long time for it too, then I had a salad that I've had in Yountville and in Beverly Hills, and this one was wilted, and not good. Maybe it was a bad day, I don't know, but I will give it one more try in Las Vegas, I still believe in Thomas Keller and will not give up on him.
5	This is only about BRUNCH.OMG brunch here really validates the 5 stars I gave Bouchon for dinner. Wanting a real meal in the midst of eating not-so-healthy on vacation, I was looking forward to getting some delicious brunch on Saturday morning. Er, ok more like 1PM.  For a seemingly busy weekend, it wasn't crowded in the restaurant at all and we were promptly seated. Because I was so excited to go here for brunch, I already searched through pictures on Yelp for the best looking brunch since I knew I'd be super indecisive if I didn't (thanks Yelp!)We got:Quiche du Jour- my choice, it's always quiche florentine (spinach) served with a side salad. One bite in and I was literally speechless. It was the FLUFFIEST, LIGHTEST, most DELICIOUS quiche I have ever tasted in my life. Caps lock does not convey well enough the joy I felt when I ate this. It is only one slice, so I ordered a chocolate croissant to go with it.Sourdough Waffles- came with strawberries, maple syrup, and vanilla bean butter. The waffles were incredibly fluffy with a hint of cinnamon or other spices that gave it a nice fragrant flavor. There was a pretty good portion of it too. This was my second choice if I hadn't gotten the quiche and it would have also definitely satisfied me.Bouchon French Toast- I don't like French toast or bread pudding, which is what this resembles. My friend said it was good though. It's an incredibly tiny portion though (thanks Yelp again for pictures)Overall, this was definitely worth the money and my best meal of the trip.
4	Had a wonderful time. My wife and i celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary here and it was great.  The staff greeted us and whisked us to a circular booth that gave us an excellent view of the restaurant. The bread and warm pistachios were a nice touch. My wife had the salmon and spinach. It was pretty good. After dinner, the wait staff, which was very attentive, brought two dessert trios of ice cream, pastries and sorbets that were scrumptious. If you're celebrating anything, this is the place to do it. The night was memorable as we topped it off with a gondola ride. One small bad thing. I had the lamb and it was just okay.  There was no seasoning thy would have brought out the natural goodness and taste of the meat. I will have the steak frites next time.
5	Went for dinner this past weekend during my bachelorette party.  I had a beyond amazing experience!  Everyone who worked at Bouchon  was incredibly professional and really added a special touch to everything they did.  Our server- Michael P, who has been at Las Vegas Bouchon since it opened was the most knowledgable server I have ever had.  I don't really want to write about all the special perks they offered my group because I know it was a combination of my friend's hard work in trying to make sure everything was perfect for the bachelorette party, and I wouldn't want people to have false expectations going to Bouchon.Foodwise-  everything was delicious.  To start I ordered the special of the day- a Foie gras with pieces of duck that was wrapped in a wonton skin and then deep fried.  It was good, but I think I was expecting it to be more foie gras and less deep fried.  It was definitely balanced and for being deep fried, wasn't overwhelmingly salty.  For my main entree, I had the Poulet Roti.  When you eat the chicken on it's own, it's very juicy but perhaps not the most remarkable chicken you could have.  But, when you get the layers of the sauce mixed with the figs and the chantrelle mushrooms it is a ridiculously awesome flavor bonanza in your mouth.  Have I sold you on it yet?  For desert, the Pot de Creme in coffee.  I'm not a huge coffee person, but this was also very good.  The consistency of the pot de creme was really suprising.  It wasn't like a custard, and it wasn't watery like flan, it was very firm without being too firm, and soft without being too soft.  Yes, its probably the most unhelpful description ever, but you just need to try it yourself, you won't be disappointed!Fantastic place to celebrate a special occassion for ambience, service and most importantly a memorable food experience!Also- I stayed at the Venetian and in my room (and the other room we had) there was a coupon for 15-20% off your total bill at Bouchon! I don't know if it's a special promotion for the time we stayed, but it seems like a pretty good perk to give Bouchon a try!
5	French food is as indulgent as it gets, and this was a clear choice for three of my closest girl friends and I for an indulgent, celebratory dinner on our last night in LV. We rattled off orders of sparkling wine, a tender duck appetizer cooked sous-vide, the roasted lamb, the sauteed salmon, the roasted chicken, and sides of truffled mac and cheese, all of which were prepared impeccably.Our entire meal was eaten in near-silence. All you could hear were really heavy sighing noises while we imagined what it would be like being married to Thomas Keller (or "my dearest Tom-Tom").After our dinner, one of my friends asked me if  I wanted to share a dessert with her. I laughed at this ridiculous question. And then enjoyed a creamy, delectable creme brulee all to myself.
5	I love this place!!!I actually love this location more than the Napa one.Of course the food is great, the service is good too. This place totally bring me back the memory of Paris.LOVE IT!!!!
5	Hello, my name is Nathalie and I would like to request that Bouchon Bistro open a location in San Jose, CA. Let me count the ways I love thee:1st: The amazing bakery shop smell that comes whiffing down the hallway that leads to the bistro2nd: Friendly hostesses3rd: Super cute and attentive server4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th,...nth: SCRUMPTIOUS food!! (I ordered the Croque Madame: toasted ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce served with french fries.  Need I say more?)There were so many incredible choices on the menu.  I am so sad I won't be able to quickly try them all. Thomas Keller Restaurant Group, if you are reading this, PLEASE consider coming to the Bay Area!!
5	Best breakfast - ever. Thomas Keller + breakfast = happy.  Go for the chicken and waffles.
5	In simple terms...RE-DONK-ULOUS!  Perhaps maybe not simple but I think it's clear.  This is not my first rodeo at Bouchon and certainly not my last.  They continually set the bar for great service, food and wine selection across the board making my experience, along with my girlfriends, less Vegas and more memorable.  From the Carrot Soup Special to a perfect Creme Brulee, the service was perfectly executed down to the last bite.  The decor is beautiful that Parisians would be proud & the music volume and selection was subtle yet present.  Definitely worth going all in!!!
4	if only i wasnt so hungover, i would've enjoyed my visit here much more.i didnt let our wonderful waiter go through his recommendations (i normally do at restaurants) and ordered my smoked salmon platter. girlfriend got the corned beef hash, and another got the croque madame. we also ordered extra pommes frittes. the smoked salmon was just so-so unfortunately, i think i wanted heavy and greasy food to cure my hangover. the pommes frittes were delicious, and so was my friend's croque madame, and i dont even like ham!later as i felt better, i asked the waiter what he would have recommended, and he said the chicken and waffles and some other salmon dish. they sounded so good, and my friend went back the next month and said they were amazing! will have to try it again next time...NOT hungover.
3	After reading the reviews here, my husband and I decided to check it out since we were staying at the Palazzo.  It's a short walk, although if you're not familiar with the hotel you might find yourself a bit lost.  Anyway, the Bouchon is located right near the check in area at the Venetian and you take an elevator to go to the restaurant.It's quite fancy.  I was just amazed by the fancy decor when walking in.  You feel like you stepped into a bistro in Paris (not that I really know, but it feels like it to me) and the service is very formal.  We went for breakfast.  I got this meal called Les Ouefs which is eggs, toast, bacon and croques.  My husband got this ham steak with eggs and potatoes.  Really really good stuff.  I was pretty impressed with the presentation of the food too.  Yes, it is pretty pricey for breakfast, but its a must try in my book.
5	From the high ceilings, big windows, long bar, clean classic contemporary decor, and impeccable service, brunch was perfect in every way. Their mimosas and bellini were delicious. A hint stronger than other restaurants, but great after a late night. I loved the range of their menu and everything sounded tempting. It was a struggle just to choose what to eat. I had their roasted herbed chicken and bacon chive waffles with maple syrup and brown gravy. Their waffles were not too thick, small, and toasted. I slathered their vanilla butter in every crevice and drowned my crisped waffles one by one in maple syrup. The gravy, medium thick, loaded with herbs, went well with the light chicken. Every bite of my friend's croque madame contained joy- runny egg, toast, thinly sliced folded ham, and creamy cheese. It was perfect with thin crispy fries. I also tried their special crab benedict. The crab was flaky and purely divine. Their potatoes provence style were crisp and herbed. This was the best meal we could experience together before our drive back home.
1	Booked a reservation for dinner and was remarkably disappointed in the food.  This LV restaurant is another example of a celebrity chef getting away on the shirttails of a great reputation for a Disney rendition of their real restaurants where they actually deserved that reputation.  For twohundred dollars we got a dinner that was crummy.  Even the menu was limited.  In fact, we struggled to find appealing items.  Had a pork tenderloin ($35) and terribly average mussels by default  of anything better to order.  Apps included octopus salad and half a measly lobster tail. Shame, shame--tisk, tisk.  We didn't order dessert for fear of being  disappointed in yet another course.
5	Truly a foodie's paradise! Located in the beautiful Venetian, perfect place for a fine meal before a night on the town. Awesome service, great ambiance and decadent food!We went to town with the menu selection - tried the slippery suckers and ordered the Oysters and the house special Calamari dish as starters. DELICIOUS!My date and I tried the Absinthe - both have never had it before so it was a unique experience for us. For our entrees - I had the lamb and he ordered the prime rib. So mouthwatering goodness - cooked to perfection! We were pretty full from our drinks and starters, so scarfing down our plates was a bit of a struggle! As bloater as we were, we couldn't help but to try the desserts! We had a Strawberry Cheesecake type frozen bar treat - OMG! Orgasmic to say the least!Though a little fancy and pricey - it was definitely worth the experience and the errr...bill!
5	I LOVE YOU HEAD PASTRY CHEF CHRIS HERRIN!Our party of 9 came here for brunch since it was convenient and I liked my dinner experience here. Our group ordered a multitude of items: croque madame, 3 egg omelette, spinach quiche, salmon baguette, sausage,  and chicken and waffles. The croque madame was definitely the winner - over easy eggs with melted cheese on top of a brioche, sandwiched in between was layers of ham. Came with fries and it was SO DELICIOUS! The other winner was the spinach quiche. So towards the middle of our meal, we see the table next to us have the head pastry chef come out and present them with this dessert concotion (SECRET!). We knew it wasn't on the menu and knew that the table knew the chef somehow, but we requested from our waiter if we could possible order that dessert. The waiter said he wasn't sure but would ask the chef for us.5 minutes later, the waiter, "I'm sorry, the chef isn't able to make you that since it take a day to make, but he wanted to send out complimentary rasberry ice cream popsicles". Imagine our excitement as these were vanilla ice cream popsicles NOT on the menu with rasberry filling. HOW LUCKY were we with this free dessert?!1 minute later, the chef himself walks out and presents us with the dessert concotion and says, "Next time you're here, just let me know and I'll make these for you." SO EXCITED! We took pictures with him and shook his hand for his generosity.30 seconds later as we were excitedly commending our good luck since we got 2 free desserts, 2 busboys come out with 3 creme brulees, compliments of the chef. WTF?! ARE YOU KIDDING?! :)1 spoon into the creme brulee, we're presented with the Mousse au Chocolat Noir (dark chocolate mousse) and the Pot de Creme (infused custard). OMGOMG we are freaking out.Halfway into the mousses, a waiter comes out with the Creme Glacee/ Sorbet Aux fruits (3 different types of sorbets) - the lemon sorbet was DELICIOUS!), AND the Profiteroles (vanilla ice cream & chocolate sauce, which had this breadlike thing on top of the vanilla) and the waiter had to pour the chocolate sauce for us. We were ESCTATIC!LITERALLY 10 seconds later, another busboy (who has sensed that I was the MOST excited out of everyone, or perhaps I was just the loudest), put next to me, the Tarte au Citron (lemon tart), and a flan. By this time, I have NO IDEA what to eat and am confused as to what I tasted.The last dessert that they gave us, was the Ile Flottante (meringue with vanilla creme anglaise). This was the only dish I didn't like because it was a creme that was very light...sort of the cappucino creme, that didn't appeal to me so much.Bill came with no charges to ANY of the desserts. BEST DAY OF MY LIFE! THANK YOU PASTRY CHEF CHRIS HERRIN for making a group of 25 year olds have one of the greatest memories of their lives. :)
5	Great French food in an amazing atmosphere, all for under $100 for two people! I had never been to the 10th floor in the Venetian, where the restaurant is located. Quite an awe inspiring hallway there, with very beautiful architecture. The restaurant is right off the elevator. The steak and frites were excellent!!
5	if i could afford to, and if my body could process such rich foods on a daily basis, id eat here everyday for the rest of my life... wuhhht? such high praise! but if you love food, i dont see how youd be disappointed by this restaurant! what i ate (came for brunch):- baguette w/butter and apricot jam: made me question the sanity of people on atkins. how can you give up bread?! especially when it tastes soooo good?- basket of pastries: came with pain au chocolat, apple danish, two jelly filled doughnuts (actually, probably beignets), some type of brioche: perfection. awesome way to get a taste of all the wonderful bouchon pastries. good if you have a few people in your group- daily special: summer vegetable hash: lovely summer veggies (squash, potatoes, cherry tomatoes, etc) topped with scrambled eggs, and covered with hollandaise sauce. accompanied by brioche toast. delicious! the veggies on their own were a tad salty, but it was perfect when eaten with the eggs, hollandaise and brioche- chicken and waffles: famous for a reason. juicy succulent chicken, flavorful chive waffles. crazy amazing gravy that i wanted to bathe in. vanilla bean butter. - daily quiche: lorraine: wonderful quiche! not too heavy on the egg, but a nice dense quiche that was flavorful. perfectly accompanied by a salad tossed in a vinaigrette. - creme caramel: if you like flan, youll love this- tarte au citron: im a huge fan of lemon anything, but this was a little bit too tart for my taste. i couldnt help making a small grimace from the intense sourness after each bite. but, that didnt keep me from continually taking more and more bites- chocolate mousse: really lovely dark chocolate mouse- coffee mousse: maybe this wasnt coffee mousse (i cant find it on the menu now) but it was great! came out with sugar cookies, perfect for dipping- creme brulee: perfection- coffee- bloody mary: perfect bloody mary - spicypros:- food: uhm, i can probably wax on forever about the food. NOTHING i had was off or bland or boring. it was simple, but perfection. everything was done WELL. no rubbery eggs, nothing too salty, nothing burnt, just perfect- service: wonderful. super attentive server that always checked up on us. never had to ask for more water- decor: super comfortable without being ostentatious or too stuffy. it felt comfortablecons:- price: the food was not cheap... but, i didnt mind. the food was THAT good. it was worth every penny. save up and treat yourself! - no reservations for brunch, but when we got there at noon on sunday, there didnt seem that much of a waitagain, if you love GOOD food, i dont see how youd be disappointed by this place. ... im starting to feel thankful that theres one in LA so that i dont have to drive out to vegas
3	hmmm so i went here because everyone and their mom, told me i need to try thomas keller's restaurant at least once in my life. this place was cool. i wasn't impressed or anything. i had the Croque Madame and my friend had the roasted chicken. and for dessert we had the chocolate mouse and they were all ok. service was excellent and very attentive. the setting was nice, you know i love my candles. im kind of sad that i wasn't blown away as with the other reviews. oh well maybe ill try one of thomas' restaurants in napa and give him another try.
5	i heart you Bouchon.You have never failed me,and I will always return to you.LOVE this place!
5	The most fantastic meal I've ever had.  The Gigot d'Agneau is phenomenal.
5	What more can you say about this place?I love Bouchon.This is food heaven.  This really is as good as it possibly can get.  There is no pretentiousness, just INCREDIBLY delicious foods.  On top of that impeccable service.Bravo Mr. Keller.
2	The good:The breadThe bad:Everything else. My party got a variety of dishes from the brunch menu and our consensus was that everything was way too salty or drenched in sauces that are too savory. For example in order to mildy offset the flavor of my steak I was eating small slices of steak with several fries, in the end I nearly ran out of fries which covered nearly 3/4ths of my plateWe also got the fried donuts filled with raspberry jelly, the jelly was way overpowering and sour probably 75% of the donut was raspberry filling. I'm shocked this place got 4 stars with over 900 reviews for the price if the bread and service wasn't decent, I'd have given it a single star
3	Service is impeccable. You could tell that the food was cooked/prepared to perfection but everything from the fries to our entree was VERY over salted. We had the Croque Madame which is like a cheese and ham sandwich, ham steak and eggs, oeuf and boudin blanc which is a chicken sausage and eggs. I would definitely go back if they would cut back on the salt. The lyonnaise potatoes are killer. Fries are average and so is the coffee.
2	One word: OVERRATED.The restaurant itself is beautiful - high ceilings, lots of natural light, view of the pool. However, I expected no less of any restaurant in the Venetian or Palazzo.Brunch food was very average.  I've had better bread and butter and better croque madames for less $ elsewhere. (However, I've learned after many Vegas trips that the price to quality ratio of food is not terribly high on the Strip.)I suspect the location in Yountville is much better.
4	Bouchon Bistro inside the Venetian hotel was absolutely delicious! We had great service and delicious food! We had the Gnocchi and the Halibut, which were both fabulous, and the portions were a good size too! Oh and their French fries are the thin crispy kind... a must have!! But the best treat of all was their homemade bread and butter!! SO GOOD!!!My only complaint is that they kind of pack in the tables so we were sitting only an arms length away from other couples on both sides. This makes it a bit distracting and not very intimate, so ask for a booth or something more private if you can.Otherwise, enjoy!!
5	Nummy nummy in my tummy!Brunch at Bouchon was upscale, light and airy.  They location was gorgeous and the food was equally as fantastic.I might sound and look  just like a white sausage, eggs, and a croissant. But that is LIES!!!!! It is the best balanced, slightly clove flavored sausage, perfect eggs, that go perfectly with the sauce and PERFECT croissant. Just saying, it was totally worth the $22. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=tRSd8FxCDD7gqCaHS_laFQ6 Fresh Oysters for $18?  Not shabby for somewhere fancy.  And these oysters were the freshest, most complex flavored, and satisfying oysters I have ever had. Mmmmmm! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=XnkeYdTgEsz4VJirSv5TswFoie Gras was $59 or so, but you got a huge pot of buttery perfection.  I will definitely be returning here on my next Vegas adventure.
2	I feel like I must be talking about another restaurant than what other people wrote their review about.  We went to this restaurant based on the 4 stars and 900+ reviews. And I am sorry to say that we where unimpressed.The food was extremely expensive, and extremely greasy. I had a cheese and ham melted sandwich which must have been deep fried or something. The wife had a gnocci, which had grease dripping of it. What did not help was that the waitress liked to spend more time flirting with a few guys the next table over and did not do a very good job waiting on us. Overall not impressed.
5	I'm not sure I agree with all the comments about Bouchon being expensive.  I actually think Bouchon represents one of the greatest values for money on the strip.  At least in regards to the quality of the food, ambiance, ingredients and service.  Some of the menu items are a downright steal.Oh to have a Bouchon in my home town!
4	We stopped by for  brunch because we wanted to try this place.  Beautiful decor!  I ordered the madame croque and my bf ordered the french toast.  Both were very good!  I loved my dish tho!  They give you a VERY generous portion of the frites, and with 4 people picking at it, we still had leftovers.  Great croissants here as well.  The french toast didn't look like your typical french toast, but it was very flavorful and yummy!
5	Thomas Keller, the American father of sous-vide cooking. It's a shame I didn't get to try any protein done sous-vide when I was there this time.. I was at Bouchon for Sunday Brunch with my wife, she had the french toast and it delicious, but FT fans need to beware it is more French than American style. I had the croque madame and the egg was amazing, it was quite possibly the best egg I have ever had. Being know for their baked goods we sampled a few different items as well with our meal and all were perfect. The only down side for me was the head chef had a bit of a heavy hand with the salt that day for me, but it wasn't anything most people would notice..
5	Now I know why Thomas Keller is who he is.  I know he isn't here always and it's not the French Laundry nor is it Per Se, but it's damn good.  You can't go wrong with the Steak Frites, and if you have some coin go big with the Grand Plateau.  If you like french fries, and who doesn't, you will dig these!  I went with a party of 8, no problem.  These guys are pros and it shows.  The sommelier was great.  I wanted something Italian, and he scored something nice, not on the list.  Nothing Per Se pricey, but it wasn't  Tuesday Taco Night either.   Also give the profiteroles a try, just do it & thank me later.
4	We were in LV for a buddy's bachelor party and we decided to check this place out on a Sunday morning before we headed home. Having read a lot of the reviews on this place, I was hoping to see if this place lived up to its hype.I ended up ordering the Oeuf & Boudin Blanc, white sausage with scrambled eggs and a croissant. I don't know what kind of meat was in the sausage, but it was pretty good. As for the scrambled eggs, well, it's just hard to mess up scrambled eggs, so not much to say there. The croissant, however, was super good. It was crisp and flakey on the outside but soft and buttery on the inside. It was probably the best part of the meal.As far as service is concerned, that's where the loss of star came from. It wasn't horrible, but it took a long time for the server to actually get to us. But the wait was rewarded with great food.
5	Lovely restaurant with friendly servers and good food.  I haven't saved enough to try French Laundry so coming here will be as close as I can get.  I had the Croque Madam.  The egg was cooked well and I loved how the yolk was a little runny but not slimey.  The fries were a little over-seasoned but it was perfect for my light hangover.  The meal came with homemade jam and butter and freshly baked french bread.  I can't wait to try his other restaurant when I win the lottery.
3	Ok, so I was definitely disappointed with Bouchon in BH so I wanted to go back to Vegas and see if it was just a bad location...Disappointed again. To start, we had the Petit Plateau and the Tomato Salad. We ordered the Trout, Pork Loin, Truffle Sausage, Tartine du Jour (tuna nicoise) and the Chicken.First off, the the Petit Plateau was nice. Oysters, lobster, clams, mussels - it's $65 but it can feed 3 people easily which makes it definitely worth it. Everything was fresh although I still felt the Kumamotos at CraftSteak were a bit better. The Tomato salad was pretty good - good flavors and with the added goat cheese (something my waitress recommended), it balanced my meal very well.That's sorta where the awesomeness stopped and the disappointment started. Pork loin was meh - though juicy and tender, I felt like I could have eaten this anywhere half-way decent. Tartine was just tuna salad on baguette with a side of fries. Truffle sausage wasn't anything spectacular and didn't have the richness usually associated with truffles. Chicken was... well, chicken. And the trout was probably the best tasting dish with a good presentation but again, nothing that blew me out of the water (pun intended).For dessert, we ordered a custom cake from the Bouchon Bakery - chocolate with light vanilla frosting with strawberry sorbet. Unfortunately the sorbet was the best thing about the cake in my opinion. While the cake itself wasn't overtly sweet, it just felt like it was missing something. In fact, the entire meal felt like it was missing something.Plus, our waiter was TERRIBLE. He made awkward, TMI conversation with all of us and couldn't even remember the specials. This was right after he extolls the virtues of himself as a superior waiter. #Fail.On the upside, ambiance is quaint and cute (like the BH location) and the Epi bread is to die for... but that's about it.
3	Was staying at the venetian, so checked this place out. I've heard lots of good things before.. But overall was not impressed too much. Started w/ Beignets de Brandade de Morue. The insides was mashed cod & potato. It was creamy, tasted like a heavier mushy soft fish cake. That was not too bad. However, the outer breading (beignet) was pretty to the eye & crunchy to perfection. But tasted extremeeely salty & bitter. Just ate the filling..Had the steak frites for the meal, medium rare flatiron steak (good size). Steak was decent w/ bleu cheese on the top, which was delish! French fries accompanied the meat, and was extremely salty (no joke!). Wasn't awful, but definitely had nothing stand out. Maybe I'll return to and try the one in LA.
4	My last trip to Vegas is a little hazy..,. but I do remember our dinner at Bouchon. I'll spare you all the details and hit some of my high-lites. 1. The bread. They tell you not to eat a lot of the bread. You'll want to they say, but don't. The rest of the food is so good, you don't want to fill up on bread... I didn't listen. The bread was AMAZING. 2. Rillettes aux Deux Saumons. This appetizer alone is worth going to Bouchon for. It was a recommendation of our waiter and it was incredible. It you go to Bouchon and you like salmon even a little, you HAVE to get this! The rest of our dinner was very good and the service was excellent. Our waiter (I forget his name) was one of the best I've every had. His wine and food recommendations were right on!
5	The menu is amazing, so much so, it's hard to decide.  But I would be content forever just eating one of their chocolate croissants with a cup of their coffee.  Pure bliss!
4	I decided to come here for my birthday last year with a very large party.  I have never seen everyone so satisfied! And how could you not be? A taste of Thomas Keller's amazing work is a foodie's dream right?! Honestly, we must have ordered all of the dishes on the menu! The men ordered the Grand Plateau, which was a tall tower of fresh seafood, I had the "Gigot d'Agneau" roasted leg of lamb with garden ratatouille,sweet garlic & thyme lamb jus, just to name a few.  This place is exceptional! As the birthday girl, I even got to go to the kitchen and meet the Chef de Cusine and the rest of the line.  The waitstaff was more than phenomenal.  I had a custom ordered cake delivered to the restaurant which was delish but kind of disappointed I didn't make room for the delectable desserts.Bouchon is all about the food obviously, but our three round tables sitting 10 each were along the back wall near the outside patio and fountain.  At night, it is a gorgeous setting! I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner.  FRENCH LAUNDRY HERE WE COME!!!!!!! *crossing fingers*
4	Bouchon is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Been here about 4 or 5 times for brunch and dinner and its always great.  I went here for dinner a few days ago and it was as good as always.  We started with the salmon app and their delicious crusty bread.  I had the mussels for my main course.  The bf had the kobe short rib special-awesome.  My sis-in-law had the halibut and my bro had the steak frites.  The desserts were amazing.  We had the ice cream trio- raspberry, peanut butter and grand marnier flavors and creme brulee...yummy!  Afterwards we got a tour of the kitchen, which is almost spotless clean!
5	I've been aspiring to have a dining experience in one of Chef Thomas Keller's "a must dine-in" resto which is the French Laundry in Nappa Valley. I know how tough it is to make a reservation there. For now, I just have to wait and find a very special occasion for that.  Apparently, during a week-end rendezvous with my family in Las Vegas- Venetian, a fine looking Resto near the hotel's lift caught my eyes. Little did I know that it's proprietor is D' Chef Keller, my role model, per se.  Enthusiastically, called in Bouchon and made a reservation and tried it for Brunch. I believed this place really gets packed during lunch. Perhaps, it got something to do with the Menu prices compared to their Dinner Menu that could cost you I would say an average of $70plus pp w/o wine and the full enjoyment of a full classic French Course.  The place for me looks very conventional, not too much frills. It has its own character of simplicity especially the way the dining tables are being draped with white paper linen, maybe only during lunch, I hope.  As far as my food reviews:- Beignets du jour (2 pcs. mini Raspberry doughnuts)- Florentine Quiche (classic French Tart with savory custard filling)- Chicken Waffles (Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle, Tahitian        vanilla bean butter & sauce Chasseur)- Steak Frites (pan seared prime flat iron served with maitre d'hotel butterHonestly, I wasn't really thrilled on my menu selections because I did not   get a chance to challenge my palate for a real epicurean treat but I was thinking of my 14 month old grandbaby girl's appetite and not mine. It was indeed a dazzling treat for my picky eater baby. She loves the steak and I can tell why. It was perfectly cooked medium and seasoned well. It was a simple food that is carefully prepared. In France this would be called "la cuisine grand mere". The service is impeccable. I'll definitely would like to explore their Dinner Menu on my next Venetian visit that is without my grandbaby in tow.
4	I've had 2 good meals here now (brunch and dinner) and Bouchon is a very solid 4 star place. The food is great (not amazingly great but very delicious nonetheless) and the service is well orchestrated. You can't go wrong having a meal here.Bouchon is open till 2 for brunch on the weekends. They were nice and let us eat at the bar at 1:58pm:) My sourdough waffles were awesome! Seriously, so awesome and served with real maple syrup and vanilla infused butter. There is an extensive list of champagne cocktails to ease that Vegas hangover too:)For dinner, you have to go with the steak frites. High-end french bistro food done right!
2	I'll start off by saying that the food is in fact good.  So why the 2 star you ask?  Well because when you charge about $70/person the restaurant is judged by different standards; Michelin standards.Not surprisingly this place has no stars.  That is because the food is not good enough for the price tag.  Particularly the escargot was poor.  If you do go there I would say the pork tenderloin and chicken entree are good.  As are the soups in general.  The creme brule is HORRIBLE.  The place is VERY noisy.  Not a place for dates or business meetings.  There is no view.  The service is very very slow and inattentive.  No way they will see any Michelin success with this level of service.What I'm saying is if you are going to plop down that much money, go to a restaurant that has earned its stripes.
5	Yum!!  Food was delish.  We had a great, attentive waiter who had some fantastic recommendations.  Restaurant is a bit off the beaten path, but once you get there, you'll find it's more spacious and airy than Bouchon's in Yountville.  Either way, you can't lose!
4	It's no secret that Bouchon has the best breakfast in Vegas. After visiting the bakery, I decided to commit myself to the full experience. The food is so amazing and with these incredibly large portions it's a must stop. I ordered The french styled Breakfast  ($22.00) which I felt was a little expensive at first. In till I was served a fruit cup, coffee or tea, a pastry from the bakery, potatoes & spinach, four slices of toast, and two eggs served however I wished. So much food and honestly I can comfortably say I got my moneys worth here. Another thing you have to try are their famous Pommes Frits. Come on how can you not love a place that offers french fries for breakfast? Although our waiter was a little overwhelmed, three or four runners made up for his lag by getting us our drinks and meals leaving no impact on us. I will eat here whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	Went here for a girls night out dinner. Place is gorgeous. Food is delicious and reasonably priced for the quality of the meal. They give you a hefty amount of fries btw, enough to probably share with your entire party. Service is very friendly. I ordered absinthe and they provided the table side drip. Wonderful experience!
5	Ooo la la! Bouchon is da bomb! First of all, I was there with my 2 sisters on a girls getaway and Bouchon serves Island Creek Oysters which are harvested in our hometown-- a cool and delicious coincidence. I had the soup du jour as an appetizer. Not everyone likes cold soups, but I do and this one was the best I have ever had. It was cucumber and leek and it was perfect in every way. When the waiter placed it on the table we all gasped because it was SO beautiful. The presentation was bright green and gorgeous with a dollop of pastel yellow and a bright orange disk in the center. I should have photoed, sorry. The texture was silken, not cloying, but almost creamy. If I were teaching at a culinary institute this soup would be the exemplar for layered flavors. It literally made me moan like Meg Ryan in "When Harry Met Sally." I can't even describe the interplay of the clean vegetables, the bright citrus, the flirty white pepper at the end. Oh Chef! It was divine! For entrees, we had one pork, one fish, one quiche. I can't comment on the fish and pork because I'm a vegetarian, but the spinach quiche was fluffy and yummy. For dessert, we shared profiteroles and chocolate mousse. Both of these were beyond amazing. The chocolate mousse was, in my sister's opinion, "the most chocolatiest thing in the world." It's served with cute little bits of lady finger cookies in the shape of spoons. Perfect for sharing. Delicious and adorable. The profiteroles were even more impressive. Again the layered flavors blew us away. Our waiter was cute and nice, but at Bouchon, it's all about the food. Magnifique!
4	The quality of the food has been beat to death so I wont rehash what is already known. The food is amazing, the service was great, and upon hearing that is was my girlfriend's birthday dinner, and that she's a Johnson and Wales grad, we were treated to a tour of the kitchen and an introduction and photos with the Chef. We even met a Johnson and Wales grad doing her summer internship here.The back of house is spotless and runs like a well oiled machine.The ONLY downfall, and I suppose I understand why it but it's a downfall just the same is the dress code enforcement, or lack there of. If you're going to dine here, please dress appropriately. I guess if you turn away every dope in shorts or ratty jeans in Vegas you wont have many customers but come on people, this restaurant is amazing, dress up.  I think we also went right around prom time in Vegas. I don't know where these kids got the money to dine here, but it kills the experience a bit.Overall this place is an experience which should not be missed. Next stop, French Laundry.
4	What could be better than having brunch at Bouchon with an old friend and two new friends?  We ordered:  2 orders of sourdough waffles, one chicken and waffles, one Bouchon French toast, one pommes frites to share, and one cheese Danish to share.The food was excellent.  I really have had few sweets to compare with that cheese Danish.  Stunning!  Everyone liked what they ordered, and the pommes frites were wonderful.  The only thing that compares to these are those at an unnamed --well, OK, they have arches.  Enough said.I took one star away becasue we who got the waffles didn't get the toasted walnuts that are standard with the dish. Since we were deep in conversation, we didn't notice until it was too late.  They should know better, however.Before I left the Venetian, I checked the Bouchon Bakery near the Phantom Theatre, and they sell the cheese Danish.  Halleluia.  next time, one of you will be mine!  No photos this time.  There are hundreds already here.
4	This was a wonderful dining experience all together. Service was fast and polite. The food was great! I chose a sausage with mashed potatoes and prunes as my main course and was thrilled at both the large potions as well as the taste. The sausage was fluffier than any omelet I've ever had and a delightful surprise. The potatoes and prunes were a nice heavy side to balance out the dish. The thin crispy fries were great and came in large portions. We started the meal with some oysters which really got us excited for our main dishes.Every dish I saw waiters carrying around looked amazing. Going on appearance alone, next time I'm going to try the roasted chicken.
5	Sometimes you take that first bite out of a meal and it is amazing. Such was the case with the chicken at Bouchon. Chicken? OK, I'm not a huge fan of the bird, and rarely order it unless it's inside a tortilla and drenched in sauce. But I had to see what the fuss is about with well prepared roasted chicken at a French restaurant. So I targeted Bouchon as the place. Crispy, flavorful skin, moist meat, a real revelation as to how complicated this simple dish can be when prepared perfect. Served over a bed of mixed mushrooms and a few figs, this was delicious, and is the sole reason I give Bouchon 5 stars. So yummy.
4	Whether or not you are staying at the Venetian, you should make a point of stopping by and trying some of the best pasteries you will ever get your hands on.
4	came here for dinner on a girls trip to vegas... and i must say, i think the that we are fan of bouchon!  the food was great and we were surprised that the bill didn't cost us an arm and a leg.... and the surprising thing was... we didn't have to wait long despite the fact that we didn't have a res! had the steak with fries... yummy!  the scallops... they were REALLY delish!! onion soup was ok... mussels were excellent!! the mac and cheese were decent... all this food spit by 3 including a few glasses of wine, tax, and tips... $70... not bad for a thomas keller restaurant! yea... i would come here again!
4	For years I had heard that the breakfast at Bouchon was probably the best in town and only until last week did I give it a chance. Pretty much everything I had heard was correct. The food and service were great and I will definitely been back.The French inspired cuisine was great. The location is the only potential flaw with the restaurant. It is tucked away in the Venezia Tower of the Venetian so it is a little work to get there. Once there, you do not feel like you are in Vegas as it is pretty quiet except for the bustle of the staff. We ordered a plate of the spiced beignets which are served with cherry jam and are outstanding. The are made to order and are perfectly coated in cinnamon and sugar.For the main courses we ordered the french toast and croque madame. Both were very tasty. The french toast was prepared bread pudding style which was a little different, but still delicious.
4	8/14/10How can I not score this place when my Man specifically made reservations to take me here for my birthday dinner number 2? When re-reading my review...I think the 4 stars were based on my experience with the FOOD here...The ambience was very nice, casual, people came in flipflops and shorts...which is not what I had expected...sorta romantic...except for how we were 6 inches away on each side from the other couples...they were packing us in like sardines....ugh...AND the noise level was pretty LOUD. I had imagined this place to be a little more romantic and moody...but it was not...The service was good...it was interesting that the menus were printed on paper which they took from you, so you can't even keep it as a souvenir...what we didn't appreciate was the server practically forcing us to order something as an appetizer or "1st course" as we would be waiting for our meals for a long while because there were people ahead of us...the bf said...No thanks we're not interested...but he repeated again several times like we were STUPID highly suggesting we get something...this put the BF in a bad mood because the server was 2nd guessing what we should be getting and not leaving us alone! I mean they give you a bowl of pistachios and bread! WHY did we have to feel pressured into ordering a salad? Which by the way did have the best goat cheese EVER..it was like BUTTERY soft and smooth...and we only waited like 15 minutes before our meals came out! WTH? So anyways...we both tried the specials for the evening, I had the top sirloin, he had the halibut...both were excellent! We also ordered the pomme frittes (fries) and they were just alright and too much for 2 people to eat...Also had 2 glasses of wine which paired very nicely with our meals...The 1 good suggestion we appreciated from the server...ALL in ALL it was a very EXPENSIVE meal and we truly had way better service and food at Napa Rose for the same price...at least that's in my opinion....I truly hope French Laundry is BETTER than this place, because I can't believe the previous review saying that they enjoyed this place even more...that's not saying much about French Laundry then...keeping fingers crossed...Overall it was a classy place...MINUS the loud and irritating stamp machine they have in the front that embosses their name and phone number one a blue square card...LAMENESS...
4	Although countless famous chefs have a restaurant in Vegas, I have been constantly disappointed. It is really difficult to find good food in Vegas. So I was pleasantly surprised by Bouchon!The space is bright and airy; I always try to stop by for brunch when in town. Someone always orders the Chicken & Waffles. This is not your average waffle; theirs is made with chives mixed in which gives it a kick. I usually order the Croque Madame here, really can't go wrong with that.Request tables by the open windows which have views of the pools.
5	I am a huge fan of Thomas Keller's, so I was excited to try Bouchon for brunch.  My husband started out with the special corn soup (an incredibly smooth and subtly sweet concoction) and I had the seasonal berries with fresh cream.  For our brunch entrees I enjoyed the hearty Croque Madame and my husband had the dungeoness crab omelette.  Everything was wonderful and seasoned to perfection.  I also enjoyed their perfectly made bellini!  Service was stellar and can't wait until our next visit back at Bouchon.
3	3.5 stars, really.  The couple times I've been here, I've always enjoyed.  The service (bar the first time we came, the Matrie'd argued with us about our Mussels, and how they were spoiled... Because they were...) is always attentive, and friendly.  The food (aside from the experience with the aforementioned Mussels) has always been of the highest standards and quality.  My main gripe, is that this place is a little pricey for serving brasserie/bistro fare
4	Bouchon is a beautiful bistro, decked out in handsome dark wood decor and a buzzing atmosphere to match.  The service is fairly formal but friendly.  Dinner at Bouchon is a casual affair but rich with a vibrant Vegas feel and some excellent food.My dinner at Bouchon was with my family of five, and we indulged in a manner befitting a meal in Sin City.  We started by ripping into the epic epi bread placed directly on our table along with good butter and a little jar of mustard.  The bread looked like a well-sprouted branch, and the little yeasted knobs that came off of it were delicious with a satisfying crust.We ordered an array of appetizers and passed them around like a good Asian family.  The table favorite was the salmon rillettes, which were presented in a sealed mason jar opened at our table.  The rillettes were superb, with plenty of salmon character along with lots of fat and moisture.  We spread them on crunchy baguettes.  We also got the small assortment of shellfish, which came with a few varieties of oysters along with shrimp and lobster.  Everything was great - the oysters were fresh and briny, the shrimp sweet and snappy, and the lobster plump and meaty.  The assortment came with cocktail sauce, dijonnaise, and a shallot sauce, all of which were put to good use.  For something green, we ordered an heirloom tomato salad with pesto.  This was simple and lovely with bright, refreshing flavors and some gorgeous tomatoes.  The only appetizer I didn't especially care for was the escargot.  I don't mind eating snails, but these snails were a little bit boring.  They were served with little puff pastries and garlic butter, but somehow the result was unexciting.The main courses were on the whole less impressive than the appetizers, but they were still very solid.  I ordered the braised beef short ribs special, which came with sweet carrots, potato confit, roasted bone marrow, and sauce bordelaise.  The beef was very good, tender and tasty, and I loved the softened carrots as well.  The bone marrow was fantastic smeared on everything, adding smooth velvet to each bite.  The sauce, though, was kind of overwhelming, deep but rather sweet.  The steak frites was a great, simple dish.  My brother ordered his steak medium and it was a nice even pink, with plenty of juice, and garlic butter on top.  The fries were spectacular, thin cut and crispy on the outside.  My other brother's croque madame and mom's mussels also came with these fries.  The croque madame was delicious but very decadent and hard to eat more than a couple bites of.  This was a fried egg and ham and cheese on toasted brioche, and would have been just right but for a smothering dose of mornay sauce.  The fried egg was a thing of beauty.  The mussels were the only item that I actively disliked.  The broth was fine but the mussels themselves tasted like that overwhelming garbage-like smell that mussels can sometimes have.  My dad's roasted chicken was a high point.  It was moist and juicy, served with caramelized figs, chanterelle mushrooms, pickled ramps, and chicken jus.For dessert we split the vanilla creme brulee and the "bouchon," which was three little brownies with coconut sorbet, butter pecan, and peanut butter chip ice cream.  The creme brulee was decent, though fairly standard, with a pleasant crackly sugar crust.  The "bouchon" was also straightforward but had a lot more sparkle.  The brownies were delicious, with a little bit of crumble but nice dark chocolate density.  The accompanying sorbet and ice creams were also great.When the meal was over, we were stuffed, with plenty of good food as well as a nice bottle of wine in our systems.  Overall I would say that I wasn't blown away by Bouchon, but I enjoyed our meal and might go back again.  The food wasn't fancy or innovative especially given the price point, but almost everything was precisely executed.  There's a Bouchon where I live and if I'm craving a classic bistro meal, I'll probably check it out.
5	Best chicken and waffles EVER!! yes, even better than Roscoe's (and trust me, i LOVE Roscoe's). There's bacon and chives IN THE WAFFLES!! Add Tahitian Vanilla Bean Butter to that, some special gravy, and PERFECTLY fried pieces of chicken, OOOOOOOOOO!! I'm drooling just thinking about it. Very good for brunch!It's a journey trying to find this place though, but that makes it better! it's a hidden gem!
5	This was one of those meals that set every standard in fine dining for me. It's the meal that inspired the phrase in our house, well, it's no Bouchon, but ...I would give it six stars if Yelp would allow. It's probably wrong to write such an over the top review because it sets such high expectations for future readers, but I just can't hold back.They have alfresco dining, so we opted for the outdoors. The servers do not rush you through the meal. I like to sit back and slowly enjoy every part of the meal and the pacing really helps to savor the flavors. Service was as expected - polite, attentive, quick.I decided to go for the poulet roti and it came out piping hot. Never have I ever found a crust so crispy and delicious. Each bite, perfectly seasoned. And the pomme frites were out of this world.I want to fly to Vegas just to experience this all over again.
4	I enjoyed a lovely brunch on the patio here with some GREAT companions for great conversation.  The eggs were great.  All the pastries I tried were divine.  The bacon was merely satisfactory.  The jelly with the mini donuts was AMAZING.  But, they need to stop calling those things beignets.   They were donuts, and by misnaming them I expected something different in terms of fluffiness of the pastry.  The Bellinis were awesome.  Wish they served coffee in bigger cups.
3	Food was good but the French Onion soup was not as great as it should be from French Restraunt. The host and waiter were a bit stuck-up, only person who was down to earth and made my family feel welcomed was the bus boy.
4	Came back for lunch again...I had their special omelet, which was filled with heirloom tomato, mozzarella cheese, and basil.  They served it with a side of toast and either sausage, bacon, or ham.   The omelet was a tad too plain for me; there just wasn't a whole lot of flavor going on in here, but it was fresh and light.  I didn't care for the toast, but the sausage was excellent!  I also ordered a chocolate almond croissant, which came out hot and tasty.  The croissant was excellent, I would recommend it and order it again the next time I come!  My dad tried the pan seared trout; it was served with a side of green beans.  The trout was fresh and cooked perfect, they also had a very good balance of spices to give the fish a little flavor...I wasn't expecting much from this dish, but it was excellent!  The one thing I didn't like was that the fish came head-on, and there were still some bones in the fish.  I think I swallowed a few bones, it's very hard to eat trout because is has a lot of small bones, they should probably work on de-boning the whole fish and serving it without the head.  The croque madame was excellent; it is a tad heavy and oily. It's served with a sunny-side up egg on top and a heaping portion of fresh cut fries!  This is definitely the dish to eat if you want a hearty, heavy, oily dish for breakfast...it just tastes great and its deep fried...how can you go wrong!?! They also serve it with a large portion of French fries, which reminded me of In-n-Out fries.   My mom tried the French toast, it didn't taste bad, but it was a very small portion.  The French toast was presented nicely on the dish, and it wasn't overly sweet...it's definitely the perfect breakfast starter, but you would probably need to order a pastry or side dish because the French toast was a tad bit on the small side. They charged $3.50 for a cup of tea with cream and sugar...honestly, it was just a teabag with hot water!  Just a tad too pricey for tea here, don't think ill be ordering tea again.  Overall the food here is good and the service is excellent.  The prices aren't expensive, so it's a very good stop for breakfast/brunch.  One of these days I'll make it here for dinner.
4	Food was delicious but the service was kind of annoying. We asked for salt and the waiter insisted that we eat some of our food before he would bring us salt. I understand that in many restaurants they want you to try the food the way it is prepared before you season it yourself, but I really hate it when a waiter tries to tell me how to eat my dinner.The waiter kept telling us how good the blood sausage is and that it is what they are famous for and I guess if you like blood sausage it is good, but I just don't like blood sausage.Our food was great overall but waiters who don't bring you salt when you ask for it should be fired. You are a waiter, not a food eating instructor. This is not the first meal I have eaten, bring me what I want and go away.
4	We found this restaurant after a long-hike through the labyrinth complex known as the Palazzo and Venetian resort hotels.  The room includes a long bar and has a bistro-like vibe to it (at least as re-imagined in a Las Vegas setting).   There is an outdoor dining area as well. The service was friendly and efficient.    The menu includes  classic-Americanized bistro fare such as steak frites and roasted chicken. We enjoyed the octopus salad, roasted chicken and beef short ribs. The beef short ribs were excellent with lots of deep flavor.  The bread was phenomenal and though lots of it was served it was consumed in the blink of an eye. Many wine choices, but we chose the Bouchon proprietary cabernet blend (label name "Once") and enjoyed it.
4	Delicious food. Simple as that. Highlights: corn cream soup, cheese platter (amazing cheeses), and raspberry dessert (just melts in your mouth, sour & sweet).$200 for 3 people (not cheap, but not absurdly expensive).Great GREAT service, they never forgot anything that I asked for, I especially liked that I always got some cream with my tea -- something I always have to ask for and this was a pleasant surprise. Definitely recommend!
4	Bouchon is what I imagine for a lackadaisical early Sunday morning in France.  By early, I'm referring to Las Vegas (and probably France) hours: think 10am as the crack of dawn.  The inside decoration is clean and modernly French cafe vibe.  Cream colored walls, clean white tables, simple black chairs and large black french window panes looking out to the patio dining area.  After your order is taken, a warm epi bread is placed on the table with sweet creamy butter and fresh cherry jam.  In particular, I really enjoyed the chicken waffles.  The chicken is impossibly tender with the juices breaking out with every bite, and the skin is so crunchy and the batter is perfect.  The chicken and waffles come with a vanilla bean butter, a gravy boat and a maple syrup boat.  The waffles are deliciously savory and have a great crunch.  I also liked the sourdough waffles with strawberries.  There is a slight sour kick and goes perfect when paired with the vanilla bean butter and maple syrup.  The croque madame was also wonderful.  The brioche bread is toasted with ham and cheese in the middle.  A fried egg, sunny side up, is placed on top and overloaded with sauce mornay.  The side of pomme frites is quite large and quite possibly not a 'side'.  A wonderful brunch in a beautiful setting.
4	Breakfast was a 3 star - however the atmosphere and service bumped it up.
3	I was not impressed.  It was pricey for the food we got (not delicious food, just average).  It kind of reminded me of Left Bank in San Mateo...where the food was sub par.  The service was horrible and they basically forgot a bunch of our orders and messed up my friend's order so she couldn't eat until we were halfway done with our food.  The Bouchon in Napa was better all around, service-wise and food wise (sorry guys, the prices are the same) so it was way more worth it in Napa for the money I spent.  Skip Bouchon in Vegas and go to the one in Napa...Thomas Keller probably has more time to check up on that establishment than this one.
4	We ordered the roasted chicken and waffles, croque madame, and sourdough waffles with a side of potatoes.The waiter brought us warm, crunchy epi bread. Slather some butter and fruit preserve (with real cherry? plum?) and your day is already that much better.Coffee was dark and strong, so much that it created a pleasant head buzz. The roasted chicken was moist. The accompanying gravy was very flavorful and chock full of mushroom and meat bits. The vanilla bean butter was heavenly. The three pronged flavor attack of vanilla bean butter, gravy, and rich maple syrup almost made my head - and heart - explode. I only wish that my slight hangover hadn't prevented me from fully enjoying and engaging in this meal. The waffles had a great brunch and were very light. The potatoes were golden from every angle. They were very well cooked - firm, starch intact, glistening.Croque madame was the best dish. Next time, I'll definitely order this one, especially since I crave eggs on hazy Sunday mornings. Layers of ham giving way to a slightly crispy brioche, topped with a lovely egg? This may now replace fried chicken as my pick for Last Meal On Earth, should I ever find myself waiting on the executioner's block.The restaurant interior reminded me of a Magritte painting - a little irreverent, a little reserved, but still playful.
4	I've been here 3 times now and loved it every time.  Brunch, in my opinion, is a bit better than dinner, but only because of their corn beef hash, which is awesome.  I've had it both times with poached eggs and they were perfectly done.  The fries are outstanding as well and you should try the with the house mayo, which is whipped to perfection and delectable.  I'm gluten-free, so I can't enjoy the breads, which are baked on premises, but I've been assured by the hubby time and time again that the breads, and especially the croissants, are amazing. Brunch is a winner, stop in and relax on the outdoor patio in the back.  For dinner I had the steak frites, which was good, but I feel like with all of the options on the strip for steak, you could have a much better steak elsewhere.  Overall though, Keller's spot is great and worth a stop in for any meal.
4	I have all sorts of great memories of this restaurant, and have to admit that the decor reminds me of a good French bistro in France that  I know, complete with the tables so close together you could share your food with your neighbor.The food is very good, with the foie gras being one of my favorites, as is the pork belly when it is on the menu.  The breakfast is good too, and I recommend the chicken and waffles served on the weekend.  I am also in love with their homemade jams.  Try the cherry.  Their wine pairings are always good, as well, and their Bees Knees drink is wonderful.I am a fan.
4	We woke up on Sunday and decided to hoof it for some food on the Strip. We found ourselves by the Venetian and decided to check out the brunch... maybe we lucked out with the service which seems to be hit and miss, but from the 12 year old looking host to the waiter who was superb it was incredible service. We ordered the chicken and waffles and bread pudding french toast. The food is very good, but it is the sauce chasseur that wowed me. I poured it over everything, and contemplated adding it to the coffee. It's the simple things that make me happy, and Bouchon did their simple very well.
4	This restaurant is beautiful, and we sat on the patio for dinner, the ambiance is relaxing and intimate. I was so excited to try a Thomas Keller restaurant for the first time, and the menu was simple yet amazing. We spoke with the sommelier because we aren't too familiar with French wine and he reccommended a beautiful bottle of Beaujolais that was not on their wine list. The wine was excellent and was only 60 dollars. We were more than satisfied with the wine. We ordered the mussels to start with frites, very good. They were gracious enough to give us an appetizer portion of the mussel entree with a giant side of frites! My boyfriend ordered the sea bass special with a wild rice pilaf, the fish was amazing - so fresh and it melted in our mouths. I ordered the short ribs which were very good but I wasn't that impressed. I was honestly a little dissappointed and was expecting a lot more flavor - the short ribs where I work (a Ritz-Carlton restaurant) are way tastier. I wish I would have ordered the lamb. The presentation was amazing on every dish, and the food was very "homey" and rustic. The service was very good, and I would definitely return to try something new!
5	ohh emmmm geeee....so good!i came here for brunch with my best friend.  we were greeted with the friendly host and friendly servers, bussers, etc...  service was awesome.  we got the patio seating which is the view of the pool of the venetian, but it was nice out so we had to sit outside.  the food was amazing! we didnt go for the typical brunch but we went for what is BOUCHON! we started with a mixed green salad; nothing spectacular but i'd figure we need some greens before we go for the real deal...dun dun dun... next up 1/2 dozen of hama hama oysters with a delicious acidic mignonette! then salmon rillettes with toasted crostini AND of course the foie gras terrine..... i was so stuffed but beyond satisfied...thank you mr. thomas keller :D simply amazing....... next up french laundry!
4	Bouchon, Bouchon, Bouchon what does one have to say? Ate here last evening with girlfriend and close friend. We were his guests and I must say the experience was almost up to par with my expectations but they did fall a little short. The food... leg of lamb, scallops, deserts all amazing...only complaint here is the amount of mussels unopened with the half order as an appetizer. Wine...Sommelier Paul was a true professional and recommended one change in our selection...he was spot on...delicious!!!The menu wrapped around the napkin is cute but impossible to read when it's a little dark. If we ask for a light or you see 2 people at a table trying to read the menu with a candle please bring the larger white menu immediately not 5-10 minutes later.We were comped our wines at the bar but a little disappointed with the greeter/host. Poor ill fitting suit with a somewhat shabby look about him. This is Vegas, casual dress or suit please be up to snuff and look sharp!Really wanted to give this the 5 starts before I ate here but it's just not there...wouldn't take much though...
4	the food was excellent, and the staff was very helpful and accommodating.  they even specially prepared items for us that weren't being offered at the time of our meal.  the only negative would be that our waiter's attempts at witty banter would at times be very condescending.  but even with that, we had a great overall dining experience.
4	Very nice upscale environment with extremely friendly servers that make sure your glass is always full.Tried the fries, mango duck, and short ribs (daube de boeuf or shia de beouf).  The mango duck was excellent!  But the fries and short ribs were nothing impressive.Food was good, but I've had better.  At the price I'd prefer to go somewhere else.
4	Typical Brasserie style restaurant - nice, yet comfortable.  The setting at the Venetian is very nice...especially if you can eat outside on the patio.  Great selection of drinks, food was exceptional, and the waitstaff was very good.  Recommended!
4	Food was very good, but the portions sizes were inconsistent.  Those of us that ordered halibut received mildly small portions.  Someone in our party said that the halibut was good but not the best she's ever had, as the waiter guaranteed everything to be.  The waiter tried to milk that response out of her, because he wanted everything to be perfect, but she relented - good service, nonetheless.  The wine we got was medium-pricey and was ok, but not memorable. I suppose what makes this place is the history behind it.  Awesome cooks, restaurants like French Laundry, your food being harvested and flown in the same day from all over the country, etc.  I had the veal special and the portion was ridiculous (should have shared between two!) which cost marginally more than the teeny halibut.  Quality is top-notch but there's little/no flavoring added, just the pure taste of unadulterated meat.  The truffle fries were thin and cooked with a light crisp and also had very good, original pure flavoring .  Great food and probably suited to satisfy purists.  I personally prefer more spices and sauces so it was short of a hole-in-one for me, but I appreciate the quality put into it.
3	Great Place for Brunch. Its a little hidden but thats a good thing since at the Venetian you sometimes just want to get away from all the tourists. I had the recommended Chicken and Waffles ($26). And while I am not a big fan of it, but I have to say that it was definitely well implemented. Bacon & Chives (baked?) right into the waffles excellent idea combo that with vanilla butter and syrup! Sounds great on paper (I even ordered it) but didn't quite mix well I felt. I ended up giving the rest of the waffles to my friends, they liked it though. I'm just a little old fashion i guess.
2	Fair, but not great. The oysters weren't that fresh, and the service mediocre at best. The Boudin Blanc was good, but I've bought the same thing as chicken sausage at my local grocery store. The Trout was also good, but nothing inspired. The cauliflower gratin was very good, but delivered 15 minutes after our entree. I would eat here again, but given the options nearby, I would find somewhere else.
3	Bouchon was a little difficult to find.  It's not at the Venetian proper.  It's at the Venezia.  Close, I know, but it makes a difference.I don't know what I was expecting, when I walked in.  I was expecting much more apparently, because I wasn't really bowled over by Bouchon.  In fact, I was very underwhelmed.  The service wasn't exceptional, it was just good.  In fact, chances are, you'll find better service at a whole slew of other restaurants in Vegas.I had the watercress, endive, figs, and roquefort salad.  It was laid out like a stack of Jenga blocks.  It was an odd arrangement for a salad.  It was pretty though.  For the main course, I had the chicken, which took forever to come out of the kitchen.  And it was.... a chicken.  Nothing overly special.Anyone who is giving Bouchon more than 3 stars hasn't really eaten at any better restaurants.  In fact, I would have given Bouchon 2 stars, if it was for 2 items:  The very fresh, flaky and soft bread, and the Dark chocolate mousse I had for dessert.I like it.  I just wasn't impressed.  It was lower in standard than I would expect from Keller.  In fact, as Brasseries go, there are better ones in Vegas.
3	Oh Bouchon. Let me preface my review by saying I love Thomas Keller...his work has been of an interest of mine for years so it hurts that I have to give one of his establishments anything less than a 5 star rating. Hopefully one day it will be able to redeem itself.My boyfriend and I came here for brunch because 1) we were staying at the Venetian and 2) I've been wanting to try Bouchon for quite some time now.We arrived around 11:35am and were told that it would be about a 20-25 minute wait before getting seated. That was fair so we went to the bar to grab a menu (I like to be efficient) but I had to wait almost 10 minutes before someone asked to help me. To make a long story short, after we got seated, we waited another 5 minutes before MATTHEW, our waiter approached our table, 10 minutes for my bloody mary, and about another 25 minutes for our food to come out. He never checked on us, I had to ask him to check on our food (conveniently right after that the food came out). For an upscale establishment, I expected MUCH better service. Honestly, the service we got at Carl's, Jr. on the way home was more impressive. But enough of the bad, let's get to the good - the food.The Bread - I am one to always judge a restaurant by two things: their bread & their dessert (if I make it that far). Their bread was weaved into a wheat-like shape (very pretty) and had the yummiest jam to accompany it. We coulnd't help but take the leftovers home!The Bloody Mary - delicious, but spicy. There was a lot of flavor, a little more than I was expecting but really good. I had to take it in doses because I think it could have overpowered my meal.The Chicken and Waffles (my bf's dish) - Very yummy. The waffles had chives and bacon in it. How can you say no to that? And the chicken was very juicy. Agreed, not your Roscoe's kind of chicken and waffles. It came with sides of gravy (tasty but my bf didn't care for it) and really yummy syrup!The Croque Madame - pretty much a ham&cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top. Tasty, but nothing special but the pomme frites! TONS of pomme frites that were so flavorful with the sprinkles of sea salt. YUMMMM.Overall, 3 stars well deserved. I probably would have given it 1-2 stars based on the service alone. Probably won't be visiting this particular location again but I will give other locations another chance for sure.
4	Great poached eggs and corned beef hash but wow, salty. Good coffee and great pecan sticky bun - really small so don't skip the "pastry course". Really slow service; we arrived at 9:30am on a Monday and there were about 4 tables of people. However the hostess & waitress for our group of 8 was very nice.
5	We ran away to Vegas to renew our 1 year vows. We ate at Bouchon Napa for our first honeymoon meal and I gushed this to the hostess  - I was so high and tickled from our renewal - and the chef sent us pastries! Thanks Gerald - told you we'd be back! This time I had the strawberry fields drink - it was a lovely bouquet rivaling the chapel bouquet I had from the "elopement."  Also a great wine by the glass from the list was was the Bouchon Cuvee red. yum.Chicken and waffles? Yes gawddammit. I ordered chicken and waffles - roasted chicken and bacon chive waffles with vanilla butter, maple syrup and charsiu gravy. T had the eggs with hollandaise and rock shrimp special and beer. We had the caramel custard for dessert - it was like flan and not too sweet.I lost my camera and all our Vegas pictures on it that day. But coming back to a hotel room, watching a movie and eating pastries made the day not so bad. Thank you Bouchon. Really.
3	Not as great as the original, and tucked away in some obscure corner at the Venetian, this Thomas Keller eatery is great...if you are in the mood for a Thomas Keller eatery.The menu is the same as the Napa location, but there is something lacking with the ambiance and the wait staff. I would only recommend this place if you are 1) at the Venetian already and 2) in the mood for Keller's offerings.Otherwise, you are better off spending your money elsewhere!!!
4	I am always so eager to eat and watch shows in Vegas so sometimes itineraries are a little too full and I end up trying to squeeze too many things into a time period. That happened with our reservation to Bouchon. I made a quick reservation for myself, my fiance and my brother to dine before our show and somehow, time escaped us and we had less than an hour to eat before we had to ski-daddle over to watch our show for the evening. MAJOR POINTS for the wait staff here because we told them we had to dine quickly to make it for our show and they rushed everything with the pace we needed and yet no sacrifice of friendly service. The food itself is a good solid. It's not pretentious, simple foods done well. We indulged in 5 oz of foie gras as an appetizer (if you read my other reviews, you know I'm a sucker for liver), then I ordered the mussels, my brother had gnocchi and my fiance had steak -- and then I had a taste off everyone's plate. Mussels were delicious, flavorful though some pieces were a tad small for what we paid. The gnocchi is sooo heavy and thick but delicious - several bites and one would be full. The steak was also done very well so all in all, though the experience was too quick for me to really memorialize any one thing about the place, I would come here again and expect good food.
5	This place is sick. Eat here. Eat outside.
4	Been here twice in the past few months.  I've also been to the Bouchon in Yountville a couple times since last year.   I gave the Napa Bouchon 5 stars, and my first time to this one I loved it as well.  But, my last meal here this past Sunday was only so-so, and combined with the slow service I have to dock a star.Long story short -- don't get the tuna tartine du jour.  The tuna is way too salty and the bread over-toasted.  If you want a sandwich the croque madame is ALWAYS a good choice, along with all the favorite entrees mentioned by other posters here.FYI I tried the onion soup for the first time and loved it.  Not too salty like most places, and not too oily despite the generous cheese puff.
5	Had dinner, then brunch the next day.  Dinner was great (pate de campagne starter and daube de boeuf for the main - both fabulous), but brunch was amazing.  I had the chicken and waffles.  The presentation was very simple and elegant, but to eat it was to bask in wonderment at how truly complex it was.  PERFECTLY roasted chicken along with a chive and bacon sourdough waffle along with sauce chausseur and maple syrup.  The savory/sweet interplay here was nothing short of amazing.  I will spend some time now trying to recreate this dish.  Couldn't be happier.
4	Las Vegas was the first stop on our trip across the US.  Originally we wanted to eat at Guy Savoy, but they were closed.  So as a second choice, we were hoping Bouchon really measured up.  I had the concierge at our hotel call ahead and make a reservation (requesting a window table) but when we arrived the hostess was not helpful.  She sat us at the darkest table in the entire place.  When we asked to be moved, she told us that the window tables were all reserved.  (Really?)  Fortunately, the waiter was much nicer than the hostess.  The food was quite good (from the bread and butter to our entrees to dessert) and the wine, as always, quite good.  We had steak, lamb and escargot.  The escargot wasn't rubbery but was absolutely drenched in butter.  (Which can be, depending on who you are, a good or a bad thing).  Overall, we had a great time and will be returning to Las Vegas and specifically, Bouchon.
4	- croque monsieur: ham and cheese sandwich with egg over it, fries: 4- strawberry pancakes with vanilla butter: 4would come here again instead of buffets: quality of food much better
4	For a fine dining comfortable experience, without feeling stuffy, this is definitely the spot.Hit up brunch for a fine dining interpretation of chicken n waffles.  Juicy, roasted chicken served alongside bacon and chives waffles with this vanilla sauce.  You can't compare it to some Rosco's Chicken n Waffles, but it's damm good.  Steak and frites are yummy and finish it off with the Lemon Tart or the dark chocolate mousse.   Will be back!
4	Julia Childs would be proud of Thomas Keller's (of French Laundry [Napa] Fame) Bouchon. Bouchon has long been known as one of the top places for a fine high-end lunch in Las Vegas. It's Ironic how the Venetian Hotel tries to mimic the Italian and streets of Venice style, but yet they host a top-of-the-line French restaurant. Whatever sells right? The Palazzo seemingly has 10 Fine Italian restaurants to make up for it.The staff was extremely friendly as they seated us, though the wait times were long (French style cuisine always seems to be relaxed and not rushed). While waiting, we read many Yelp reviews and photos to help us make a decision. We were going to get the famous spiced beignets (I love French and Creole beignets), but the chef reminded us the special of the day was a rasberry beignet, so we decided to try it out. It came with two warm, sugar coated beignets (different than Louisiana's creole powdered ones) oozing with rasberry sauce. The sauce was great and had fresh fruit, and it was very good, but it was basically a high-end krispy kreme donut. I'm not sure it was a beignet at all. Though I enjoyed it.I ordered the croque madame after passing on the sourhdough waffles and french toast (which both had great reviews - next time!), and it was 3 star worthy. $19 for a French sandwhich which had a poached/fried (half/half it seemed) egg on top with hamm and a sweet French sauce. I enjoyed it, though it came with way too many fries (unlimited said the waiter) and I wish instead of all that fries, maybe a small waffle or something else instead would make it better. The bread was half fried, half soft - so it had a great texture to it. Wasn't worth the money and wasn't amazing, but definitely good.My friend ordered the famous Bouchon Chicken and Waffles. If you like Roscoe's or Grand Luxe's Chicken & Waffles, you'll enjoy Bouchon's. If you don't care for chicken & waffles, skip this - it's just an improved version of it. The chicken is French rotisserie style (not fried) and is extremely juicy and you can tell it's been marinated for a while. I loved the chicken. The waffle is fluffy and comes with two sauces - a regular maple syrup and a famous salty bacon broth which ad a salsa-like consistency with whole premium bacon strips. I loved the bacon salsa with the waffle. A mixture of salty and sweet.Total damage. $60 for a lunch. If you enjoy French food and want a non-buffet fine meal option, check out Bouchon.
4	Definitely hard to find I can tell you that - but once found you are emerged into a pleasant establishment.We had a dinner party for six back in May and I called ahead if time to make sure we would have excellent outdoor seating since our reservations weren't until 9pm that night. The service was top-notch from the call in reservation which was done a week prior to the end when we walked out the restaurant. Definitely will stop by for brunch next time in town.
5	This restaurant was suggested by the concierge and so without any yelp input we went Old School and headed over to Bouchon.  it is located in the Venezia.  We went with Mom & Dad and i could feel a great vibe on the way in.  The Waiter, Walter - WOW - he was terrific, in my opinion Walter is the best Waiter i have ever had the good fortune of having been served by.  This guy had it all, humor, wit, timing and a very sincere ability to make you feel like, you were his only table and you are the most important person in Las Vegas while you are at his table.He charmed my mother and wife and made my father and i feel glad for it.  He knew just what we were looking for, when we didn't know ourselves.  My mother tried an Oyster that night for the first time.  I noticved they had Kumomoto oysters on the way in and so we started off with a round - they were of course perfect.  Walter selected a great white - sauvignon blanc, that went well with them and the meal only got better from there.The bread they brought to the table was delicious and perfect comes to mind.  I had the chicken, Tammy the trout and all of it was really excellent.  I know the hustle of Vegas can deflate some of the personal connections, but not here, they really understand how to run a restaurant, with a great staff and terrific food and make you feel at home and relaxed amongst everything that is going on.Bravo Bouchon, great Job, - by the way, Walter we will be back.
4	I've eaten at many of Thomas Keller's fine establishments, and this is one I am happy to recommend. Brunch with friends was a memorable experience. The service complimented the food, even though it took a little longer than normal for all the dishes to be delivered to our table. The pastries were incredible and their daily specials were just as equally delicious.  I tried the chicken and waffles and the end result was a juicy, moist half chicken served alongside a sourdough trio of waffles with a delicious sauce. This is an item you must try (and share).While the line was somewhat long, they often pass out samples of their pastries so your wait is somehwhat enjoyable.
2	Meh. My friends who are into food took me here.  Yeah it had a nice ambiance to the whole place.  We sat in the patio and got our waters everything is going ok but screech comes to an end.  D-bag waiter made us wait 35 mins to order. and about 30 mins for our food to come out.  I understand Brunch is suppose to be relaxed and laid back but WTF.  My two friends who have gone there in the past said "they usually have good service dont know what's wrong today"  so it might have been a fluke. If you can't take that many people simply DONT SEAT US.    whatever.  My corned beef hash with egg on top was just ok.  I couldve gotten the same thing with the same quality hash if not better at Walker Brothers in Chicago.  Only reason I gave it two stars was for the atmosphere and the bread.
3	a let down.  of all the times i've been here, each time was a disappointment.  food was just average, and don't even get me started on the french fries.  i've had better fries at fast food restaurants.the foie gras (special, not always available) is probably the only thing worth getting.
5	Oh, Thomas Keller!  You make me so very happy.  Let's get married and have little foodie babies.  OK, I don't want to have anyone's babies.  But we could practice making babies then you could cook for me after.  This is my wish....don't make fun, people.I've wanted to have brunch at this spot since I've been coming to Vegas.  Finally!  My last trip included a delightful brunch with my friends.  Everything was truly wonderful.  I swear that the eggs had some sort of special ingredient that makes me crave them like a crackhead joneses for the pipe.  Who knows what I'd do for another taste of those eggs.  I'll let your mind wander on that one.......
5	this was delicious!came here for a friends birthday dinner and even though it was a bit pricier than what we were looking for, it was WORTH IT.  everyone in my party enjoyed their meal and all the little "tastes" that we shared with each other.
3	It was a Saturday morning and after losing my voice at a Friday night Chippendales tryst with the bachelorette of the hour, we decided to have brunch at Bouchon. Living in the Bay Area and Central Valley, the Bouchon in Yountville is only a 40 min drive away either direction. Their bakery carries the most flakiest croissants I've ever had in my life. It's like perfection in my mouth. So when I saw that they carried it at Bouchon ala The Venetian, you know that's what I had to have! Better yet, it came in a chocolate form! OMG! To be honest, that was the most memorable thing about Bouchon brunch at the Venetian. They recommended a roast chicken and waffles. Call me a snob but I like my chicken and waffles one way and that's greasy and fried from a place called Roscoes in LA. Anything else, no thanks. I opted though to have an omelet because that morning I just had a hunkering for it. DISAPPOINTED! Probably the most uninspired omelet I've ever had in fact.  And although the service was superb complete with like 3 sets of waiters and servers per table (maybe slightly exaggerated).  It's a nice try to cover up a plain omelet with tomatoes, ham, and I think it was pepper bits. It was bland and I think, sadly, I could have done it at home. I gave them a 3 stars because I could probably talk hours about the croissant. But that was it. I probably wouldn't go back here for brunch.
3	Fancy French breakfast cuisine? Why not?I guess I had too much expectation for Bouchon which leads to it's now mediocre review. I wanted to love it, but I found it to be just "OK". Nothing too special. I have to say, being a french fry lover...their fries were on point. We waited maybe a good half hour before being seated on a Saturday afternoon. Yeah, we're not early birds. After being seated and ordered, our waitress came back to warn us that they might be out of chicken and waffles. TRES TRAGIQUE. (I've never taken a french class excuse me) Luckily, we got our chicken though! It was a nice spin of the usual fried chicken and waffles. The waffles were infused with bacon bits and the chicken was nice and juicy. I had the ham and cheese grilled sandwich type deal with an egg. It had a gravy cream sauce on top which made it nice and hearty. I liked it, but half way through I was getting bored of it. Tasty nonetheless?Overall, food is okay. Nice ambiance. Great breakfast with friends or lovers or both.
4	If it was possible to give 3.5 stars that"s what I would give Bouchon. The pastries are to die for with perhaps the best pain au chocolate I have ever had. Doughnuts are also amazing and in fact all pastries except the scones are amazing, the scones were dry and uneventful and more like Starbucks than French bakery.The signature chicken and waffles was a huge disappointment though. Greasy chicken thighs with overcooked flavorless waffles left me and one other at our table wishing we ordered something else.The omelet offerings were much better and the bacon was very high quality  and popping with flavor.Another big hit and surprise was the oatmeal. My stepson ordered it and said it was the best he ever he'd. This from a 13 year old super picky eater! He insisted we all try it and we all agreed it was the best oatmeal ever, so be sure to try that.We sat outside in the beautiful courtyard and it was like an early afternoon brunch in France.
4	I've been here a few times for dinner but not for breakfast.  We came here the other day for breakfast and I had the salmon baquette and I was pretty impressed with it.  We also ordered the bignets and I was pretty amzaed with it, better then the one's over at Ralph Brennan's in Anaheim.  The service time around was ok, he could've done better.  Regardless, we'll be back.
5	Best food experience yet.Since we can't reasonably excuse a trip to Thomas Keller's The French Laundry, this was definitely a good way to experience his amazingness.  It was just SO good.  Better than our experience at L'Atelier and not as costly.  Service was great and I would certainly go back numerous times.  Definitely will make this a go-to on every Vegas trip here on out.
5	My wife and I ate here for our first morning of a four day stay in Vegas.  The weekend brunch was so exquisite we came back each day for breakfast.  Anyone who gives this place less than five stars is doing it simply to deny Mr. Keller the praise he deserves.  This restaurant is impeccable -- the food, service, and ambience are second to none.  I would list each of the items we tried, however, even the Roget's will run out of superlatives to describe the food. In my humble opinion,Bouchon served the finest meal I've ever eaten before noon.
5	Was recommended this restaurant by my cousin. My bf and I sat by the large window overlooking the garden outside. Really pretty view. The restaurant gives off the "I dont try too hard" vibe. It's cozy but not TOO cozy. It's classy but not too classy. It's somehow casual too... but not TOO casual. You get the pt. It lets its food speak for itself. I kinda like that sometimes.Anyway,Two things I remember from this place: 1. the bread which was DIVINEE! Flaky on the outside soft on the inside. Perfection!2. the scallops. OMG.. BEST scallops ive had in my life and trust me I've had a lot of scallops. It just melted in my mouth. It was so tender, cooked perfectly. It was a well put together dish but honestly the scallops were so good they could have held their own.Everything else was forgettable but I do remember they were delicious. I hardly remember our appetizers, our sides, or desserts. I think my bf's entree was the salmon but it sadly limped in the shadows of my scallop.
5	Thomas Keller could eat a can of Campbell's alphabet soup and crap out a better menu than most other places in this country.God had a son, named him Thomas, got him in the kitchen, and taught him how to cook.This is a true story.
5	We attended a wedding reception here.We have also been to the Napa Bouchon a couple of years ago, and this Vegas one was just as great as the one in Napa.The reception was held outdoors near the pool and between some Venetian towers, and it was a very nice atmosphere.  Their food was delicious, just as expected, and overall this was an excellent restaurant ideal for the party.
5	Ooh la la! A French bistro in The Venetian? J'adore. From start to finish, this was a five star experience. We spilled coffee in the waiting area, changed the number of people in our party about 10 times, and had a special request for just about every single thing we ordered. Basically we were the most annoying table ever, yet we received service with a smile the entire time. Forget gambling, shopping, or a show. Sit at Bouchon's patio, eating chocolate croissants and drinking bloody marys all day long.
5	This is how it should be done.I have eaten at several Thomas Keller establishments around the country, and while in Vegas for a convention, I decided to escape the endless corporate buffets I had been subsiding on all week and seek out something a little more satiating.  I managed to con one of my co-workers into coming with me; she was very pregnant at the time.  I was a little bit concerned as it has been my experience in many Las Vegas 'clone' haute cuisine restaurants that the price is certainly high, the food is passable, and the service can be abysmal.The restaurant is in the Venetian, and is a beautiful recreation of a French Bistro.  Black and white tile floors and nice display cases show off the pastries and the fruits de mer.  We were seated immediately and were engaged by the server in very short order.He was fantastic, I wish I could remember his name, but he was truly passionate about the food and very knowledgeable.  He was very quick to supply my colleague with some fresh bread of her choosing to satisfy her needs.  He also was well-versed in wines and was able to explain menu items to my dining companion, who was a fine-dining novice, in terms that did not intimidate or patronize her.My first course was the charcuterie plate, which was fantastic.  A very healthy portion of a number of fresh, house-made sausages and confit with some amazing pickles and spreads.  They were also generous with the mini-baguettes, I hate it when charcuterie plates are stingy with bread.For the second course, I went with the waiter's recommendation of a platter of a half-dozen or so oysters, again, very great suggestions and very fresh.For my main course, I had the short ribs, which evaporated into rich, meaty love in my mouth.  The waiter paired up a fantastic red to go along with it, played off the marrow perfectly.  One of the best servings of short ribs I've ever had, including my own, which I can make pretty damn well.For dessert, we had a selection of pastries, among them profiteroles, which were perfect with the very fresh dark coffee they served me with it.  The waiter was kind enough to call an ambulance which whisked me away after I entered a post-dinner food coma.A fantastic meal, with fantastic service - I don't hand out fives frequently, but am proud to give this establishment that honor.
4	Sometimes having to work a bit to find a place makes it all the more exciting to eat there.  We had to wander for a while with several misdirections before figuring out this place is on the 10th floor of the Veniza towers.  RANDOM!!!!I had the Croche  madame which is french for lady crocodile. Haha no it is a ham sandswhich with fried egg. But the star of our meal was the oleuf vot au vont. It was a special and not on the regular menu but it should be. Sausage spinach tomato & hollandaise nestled in an impossibly flakey and buttery pastry crust.  Soo yummy. The chocolate almond croissant somehow transported me to a small cafe in montemare.  All in all a great last meal in Las vegas. Not too heavy to put you to sleep while driving home, but with enough weight to make you think about returning soon
5	This is BOUCHON!This is FRENCH bistro dining.Buchon is FANTASTIC!Buchon has an AWESOME BREAKFAST as well!You will eat at Buchon next time you're in Vegas!  You will order French food!  You will not ask for a burger!Enjoy the overall experience, the numerous staff attending to your needs, and the delicous food!
4	I hate long reviews. Great place for breakfast and French pastry. Enjoy.  Dinner was excellent also.
3	I came here for dinner and we were seated outside which was beautiful.  The waiter and all the bus boys provided excellent service.  We started off with the Grand Plateau which had raw mussels, oysters, clams, cooked shrimp and lobster.  It was soo delicious and I loved the presentation.  It was stacked on tiers and it had all these delicious sauces.  The seafood was extremely fresh and even though it was pricey ($110), its a good appetizer to split among a big party.For the main course, I ordered the Daube de Bouef which was braised beef short ribs.  It came with potatoes, carrots, and fried bone marrow (which was very interesting).  When I eat short ribs, I expect them to just melt in my mouth, so I was kind of disappointed by the way it was cooked.  It just didn't have the flavor I expected from all the raves I heard about Bouchon.  The bone marrow was very interesting, it kind of just bursts in your mouth and its very liquidy, it tasted kind of like melted fat, which sounds gross but it was a good addition to the dish.I absolutely LOVED the macaroni au gratin which is similar to mac and cheese.  I love it when a restaurant makes a simple dish that just tastes so elegant and I liked how it was kind of burned around the edges of the dish.  I also got to taste some of Bouchon's french fries and I thought they were prepared very well too.  Overall I liked the sides more than the actual main part of the entree.  Of course their wine selection is amazing, we had a bottle of white wine and a bottle of a cabernet which the waiter selected for us.  They were both delicious and great accompaniments to our appetizer and main dish.I definitely want to try their brunch next time but maybe some day I will get to try French Laundry and have the full experience of Thomas Keller.
3	Came on a Thursday night - no reservation, seated immediately. Nice ambiance (if you're seated outside, you overlook the private pool).Bread & butter - so yum.Appetizers: Oysters & an special (which I can't remember b/c my hubby ordered it and I didn't have much - I do remember that it was good). We had 1/2 dozen oysters & they give you 2 of 3 different types, so you get a little oyster-ed & it comes with either tabasco (typical), cocktail sauce (eh) or a mignonette (perfect), and lemon wedges of course. (I got all three just in case I didn't like their mignonette, b/c some recipes are just too vinegar-y or onion-y for me.)Main course: My husband had the braised short ribs...loved it. I had something they had as a special - scallops...also loved it.Dessert: Creme brulee...the complete star of the evening. We went to Paris for our honeymoon, and I don't think we had creme brulee even as good as this.We had a carafe of the Roussan which I know you can get outside of the restaurant, but as an aside - I enjoyed it. It's the way I like my white wines to taste.Overall a good experience, although I agree with someone else who reviewed the restaurant that the food was a little salty...but still really good. I'd definitely go back - maybe for breakfast or lunch next time.
2	I was looking forward to eating at Bouchon ever since we booked our trip to Vegas, but I was left disappointed. The food was very blah - nothing that really stood out. I tried the trout with haricots verts and the hubby got the braised beef short ribs. My trout was good, but not something I'd go out of my way to re-order. The haricots verts were very crispy and the slivered almonds added a nice touch, but it did seem very salty to me. The hubby's short ribs were not as tender as I thought they would be and unfortunately didn't have a lot of flavor either. While the food was very mediocre, the service at Bouchon was great. We arrived earlier than our reservations and were seated almost immediately. Our waiter was also very knowledgable and kind. I had such high hopes for Bouchon, but after this dining experience I doubt I'll dine here ever again.
5	YUMMY.  AMAZING.  DECADENT.  I've only been once so far and only for brunch but everything everyone at our table had was just simply ridiculously good.  The french toast was a work of art.  The chicken and waffles are like no other.  The chicken is roasted (not fried) and the waffles are so fluffy and light I'm surprised they don't float off the plate.  The croque madame (ham, cheese & egg sandwich) and fries were perfect.  The fries were crisp and golden and not too greasy.  And who would've thought that such simple ingredients as ham, cheese, and eggs could taste so good?  And the pastries...oh man.  I'm on a budget so I don't get to eat at too many fancy restaurants but this is a fine dining experience you must try.  Going for lunch/brunch definitely makes it a bit more affordable.  Although if lunch is this good then I'm sure dinner is probably too die for...
4	This review is for dinner.  My girlfriend and I came here for dinner on a Sunday night and we both ordered the Steak Frites.  We weren't that hungry so we just ordered a main course.  Our waiter refused to have us sit and wait for our food with nothing to munch on so he gave us a complimentary Rillettes aux Deux Saumons.  It was absolutely delicious.  It's a fresh and smoked salmon dip that we literally probably indulged in way too much bread because the dip was delicious.  Anyways, by the time our steaks came out we were stuffed but still managed to eat majority of our meat!  Overall, a good experience and we got very good service.  We almost make it a tradition to come to Bouchon every trip now.  If you're staying at the Venetian, I believe you get a little card for 10% off the meal!
5	came here twice on my honeymoon.  such a delicious breakfast.  hard to go wrong here.  especially when you order the lyonnaise potatoes on the side.  the strawberry croissant is so delicious, i am still thinking about it.  luckily you can order it also at the separate bouchon bakery in the venentian.  love the quiche lorriane and the french toast.  it was all divine.
5	I've been dying to eat at Bouchon for years and always because of budget and time, it has never happened.  Finally the perfect oppourtunity presented itself.  After a fantastic time at Phantom, everyone was down for a nice meal and being right upstairs of the theatre, Bouchon was a natural choice.To begin, the staff was oh so attentive.  We were introduced to the maitre-d, the oyster guy and of course our server.While we were walking in we were excited by the food being displayed all around us.  Us three hungry girlies got the foie gras pate to share, the grand plateau, a huge assortment of seafood, shortribs and lamb.The foie gras, what can I say.  Five ounces of pure heaven with crispy crunchy brioche to share.  Sure it was quite pricey, $50 to be exact, but well worth every penny.  The serving was more than enough for the three of us.  The seafood was fresh and delicious but very standard.  Next time I wouldn't order just because you can get seafood anywhere.Now I normally don't like shortrib much, but this was melt in your mouth tender with crunchy bits of parsnip, carrots and god knows what else, probably crack.  The BEST BEST BEST BEST part of the dish was two deep fried morsels on the top.  Deep fried what you ask?  Deep fried BONE MARROW.  OMG.  I thought I had died and gone to foodie heaven.The lamb was also very good, tender, juicy, on a bed of white beans I want to say.  We couldn't breath after the meal but we finished off with some chocolate Bouchons and a chocolate mousse.What an amazing meal.  I think I need to have dinner here everytime I go to Vegas now.  Slurp!
3	I am not sure if it was the company, the ambiance or the food, but my experience was less than amazing.  I wanted to leave singing praises as most people have done in their reviews, but I found that Bouchon did not quite live up  to all the hype.For a french restaurant it had the feel of every other steakhouse in the city, the ambiance was not very cozy or intimate.  The oysters were excellent and the server was attentive and friendly, but I didn't feel wowed at all.  Although I loved the wine, my martini was heavy on the juice and the bread was stale (I know the difference between a good, hard baguette and stale bread if you are wondering).  The risotto was crunchy as if it had been made in a hurry and my friend's steak was obviously not medium as it was still bleeding.  When asked to recook it, the server brought back another steak that was, again, bleeding.  Sometimes I let things go, but this was horrible and we sent it back asking for no additional tries.The only thing that is saving my review from being two stars is the amazing french bordeux and the phenomenal desserts (dark chocolate mousse and creme brulee).  I am not sure if I will be back, there are so many other restaurants to try that it is not worth wasting another experience here.  I am bummed that I wasn't thrilled as so many others are, but it happens.
4	Very good service and good food.  I got the  beef spare rib and my date got the steak which was a lot better. The fries were very good and the lightly deep fried cod balls were very good. I need to go again and hopefully give it 5 stars, just because it was not the best meal ever and I really wanted it to be. The price is high but, that is expected and should not be a negative.
4	A perfect hangover cure.It was early afternoon on a Saturday.  After overextending my curfew a little bit too far the night before, Bouchon, with its casual and airy atmosphere, rather quiet surrounding (in the Venezia tower of the Venetian), and a less than 5-minute wait was the brunch spot of choice.  We dragged ourselves there and, as always, were within 5 minutes ushered to a table overlooking the garden and presented with a cup of full-bodied french press coffee.  Bouchon was perfect, it has none of the wait nor the chaos that other (lesser but) more prominent and conveniently located LV Strip brunch spots have, it has no loud thumping music mixed with the cacophonous random sounds of slot machines, and it has no screaming kids or lewd tourists.  Peace and quiet definitely became a luxury when it felt like I had three heads, all of which were thumping at different beat.  So were the abovementioned coffee, a glass of chilled freshly squeezed OJ, the pastry du jour - pear danish (which were, quite possibly, the best French pastry I've ever had outside of France), and the eggs benedict and canadian bacon served with heaping of hollandaise on two pieces of homemade crumpets.  Two hours later we were considering our options: (1) check out Crystals; (2) lay by the pool in the warm late summer afternoon (at this point pool parties were sadly ruled out by unanimous resolution passed by my three heads); or (3) go back to the suite at Augustus Tower and nap. (3) won by a comfortable margin.  The food coma-inducing benedict was partly to blame.
3	A little bit confusing to locate at first since it's upstairs from the casino level and through a hallway or two.The service was great but unfortunately, the food was not up to the hype. Our party ordered the Croque Madame, the Petit Plateau (oysters, clams, etc), the Beignets de Brandade de Morue, A slow cooked rabbit stew dish, and a lamb dish (forgot the name of it).Croque Madame was good but did not surpass my favorite place for it in SF (Butler and the Chef). The shellfish platter was a disappointment though. The oysters were okay but the raw clams tasted very oceany. Not a good thing with seafood, raw or cooked. Las Vegas restaurants, another disappointment. So overpriced for something that's not better than what's offered out in SF. Maybe the Napa location will be better. Bouchon Napa, I'll see you soon.
2	Shame on you, Bouchon.  Several weeks ago I had an amazing experience here.  So when my parents came into town for a visit I raved about this place and insisted that we have brunch here.  It was a Sunday around 1PM.  They don't take reservations for brunch.  But last time we were there it was a Sunday around 1PM.  Even though we had a larger group we didn't have to wait and the service was great.  This time we waited over an hour for a table for 4 and then waited so long for our food that the waiter was apologizing to us over and over.  (He ended up taking off one of our entrees because the food took so long.)  And then when the food came out we were all pretty dismayed.  The special omelette of the day, the quiche of the day, the croque madame (which came out about 10 minutes after everyone else's entrees), and even the chicken and waffles were disappointing.  Everything tasted so mediocre and salty.  My fries were overcooked and oversalted, the sausage was greasy, and the omelette and croque madame were completely underwhelming (I've made better at home).  My parents were really nice about it but I was so embarrassed that I had raved about this place and insisted on taking them here.  I don't know what happened from our visit three weeks ago and this past weekend but for the price you pay (in time and money), it was completely NOT worth it.
5	The best chicken and waffles I've ever had is here. Doesn't compare to roscoes. There chicken and waffles are good but Bouchon's is amazing. The waffles I've tried here cannot be compared in taste with any other waffle in the world.  Yes, I have tried every waffle in the world. Anyway, There chicken with the gravy sauce is simply mouthwatering. My friend got the Croque Madam plate. I tried couple bites from the madame plate, for me I don't like ham too much.  The ham was too sweet for me even with the egg on top it just doesn't flow.  This place is known for their chicken and waffles so I urge you to try it. If not eat tell your friend to get it and try his or her plate. Between this place is fancy and there food is super fancy and super yummy. If you got money to blow eat here because the chicken and waffles was 25 bucks. lol croque madame was like 14? but yeee worth it
5	LOVE. Love the fact that my server was actually French. Loved my Saumon Poele. Loved my fries. Loved my dessert. Love the Venetian. Love their cheese!!!
4	The food was generally outstanding. I had the lamb as a main and the lemon tart for desert. Both were absolutely outstanding. A lot of people at our table had the steak frites and the fries, as advertised, where the best I've ever had. While we had a large group (12) we did have a reservation but the service was fairly slow.  It took us about 3 hours total and we were there an hour before the starters arrived.
5	This is my second visit to Bouchon, and like the first time I came here, it certainly didn't disappoint.  My husband and I were in town for a work conference and decided to stop by for dinner.For this visit, we decided to skip wine and just order cocktails.  My husband had the absinthe, which is served the traditional way with a spoon, water, ice and sugar.  I had the Bee's Knee's cocktail, which had gin, honey and UP.  Both were pretty potent.  To start off our meal, we decided to get the foie gras terrine.  Although somewhat pricey at $50, this can easily serve 4 people (we decided to indulge ourselves this time).  And out of all the different preparations of foie gras I've tried at different restaurants, Bouchon's foie gras is easily my favorite because it's not seared and doesn't have a lot of other accompaniments.  The waitress suggested having Sauternes with the foie, and we had a glass each.  The one selected for us was waaay too sweet for us - even for a dessert wine.  Main entrees were the lamb for him (only slightly gamey but was nice) and the short ribs for me.  The most delicious part of my meal was the deep fried marrow that came with my entree - so yummy!  We didn't have dessert this time because we were so stuffed, but I remember their profiteroles being pretty good.  Although it probably can't compare to French Laundry, Bouchon is perfect for a nice, romantic meal in Vegas.
2	Only giving this place 2 stars because of the friendliness of staff and my steak was rubbery .... seriously ... I paid almost 40 bucks for a steak I had to chew and chew and chew some more....If we didn't have such poor service (hardly checked on us) I would have sent it back  - the steak is supposed to melt in your mouth.  They also give a plate full of fries along with the steak and I think I have had better fries at a fast food joint ... sad I know because I paid over 100 bucks for two people .... lesson learned and never again.  Stay away from French Food.
5	Ahh, our first Tom Keller restaurant and it did not disappoint.  We planned a last minute trip to Las Vegas and Bouchon was first on our list for where to have dinner and it did not disappoint.  We have the Ad Hoc (Tom Keller) cookbook and every single thing we've made from it has been so good it makes you want to lick the plate clean.Phenomenal service, food, atmosphere, a great couple next to us from B-more, did I mention the food?  I still regret not ordering the onion soup (we split the appetizer special for the day, an amazing ground pork sausage in pumpkin mash and such) but I'm extremely happy I held out for dessert.  I hesitate to go over everything we had as I feel that part of the experience is doing the picking yourself.  Suffice it to say, we had a night of mmmms and ahhhs and thoroughly enjoyed every bite.We enjoyed it so much we returned the next morning for breakfast, which again, was freaking fantastic.  We'll be back and maybe we'll hit up some other Tom Keller spots in between!
5	A group of us went while in town for a conference. A vendor we work with hosted, and I must say, they picked a great place. The food was top notch, and the people there were awesome. I would definitely go there again.
5	as part of a food filled weekend with my girlfriends - this was our last stop.  Chicken and Waffles here I come.We started off the brunch with some pastries.  The assorted pastry plate included 4 pastries - and there are four of us - that'll work.  Oh - and we can pick which ones we want?  No problemo.One of my friends and I got the chicken and waffles.  yum yum yum.  The chicken was so good and the waffles were a savory waffle with chives and bacon.One of the other girls got corned beef hash.  so delicious.Lastly - the last one got the french toast.  Oh my goodness - it was divine.Our waiter - Matthew - was fabulous.  Not only was he a great waiter, he was funny to boot and joking around with us.  the profiteroles that we had at the end were quite fabulous as well.  It comes with vanilla gelato - cold service - with the waiter pouring hot fudge over the top.  totally decadent.It's definitely expensive-but worth every penny.
2	We are staying at the MGM Grand for a conference and I wanted to have my first Thomas Keller experience. Unfortunately maybe I should have waited till I could get to San Fran or NYC. This restaurant is very difficult to find at the Venetian. We arrived at 8:30PM on Sunday night without a reservation and were seated right away, which was nice. Salad choices were disappointing with a chevre chaud served on mixed greens rather than mache, so I went for an endive and watercress with roquefort. Good dressing although slightly over-dressed and nice endive... but they should not have bothered to list this salad as containing watercress as it barely made an appearance. Still, not a bad salad.My boyfriend had the steak-frites which was nicely prepared and herbed, but the fries were so salty we had to drink about 5 glasses of water to get through just a few of them. There was a huge mound of fries left over -- need I say more?I ordered the Duck Confit as my entree and could not have been more disappointed. What should have been a luscious little plate was dry and also over-salted. They did manage to get the skin crisped OK.Who over-salts French cuisine??? Apparently, Thomas Keller does.Sounds like the American style brunch would have been a safer bet. I would not return to this restaurant. Overall had NONE of the real appeal of a true French Bistro... which would have been excellent, simply prepared food at a good price.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had. We started off with oysters and the squid salad to share. Oysters were fresh and tasty, but the squid salad was to die for! The sweet corn vinagrette was so flavorful. Second course I had the strip steak special, dining companions had the trout and lamb. All wonderful. For dessert, can I say espresso martini?! I am left feeling that my best meal of the weekend may have occurred on the first night in Vegas.
5	My favorite place for brunch in all of the U.S. thus far! So remarkable and delicious that I would hop on a plane and fly to Vegas just to dine at Bouchon again. For a Sunday the wait was only about 15-20 minutes which is not bad at all. I ordered off their special menu and had the egg benedicts. I usually can only finish one but I devour the whole plate practically. The english muffin was perfectly toasted and their hollandaise sauce was not overwhelming at all. Everything about the presentation was beyond expected and I enjoyed every single bit. My husband had the Chicken & Waffles. The chicken was roasted and came with bacon and chive waffles with a side of tahitian vanilla bean butter. The BEST chicken and waffles we've ever had. Definitely a place we highly recommend out friends for brunch and would visit each time we're in Vegas. I heard the dinner is also delicious too. Be prepared to pay around $25 for a plate. Expensive, but not for Vegas and the meals are well worth the price.
2	Food was good, service was NOT!   Waiter walked by several times,  and didn't fill my water.  He had a pot of coffee and didn't offer to top off the cup.. Not impressed at all....
4	We went to Bouchon for dinner on 11/11/2010.  The appetizers were very good - nice French onion soup & incredible Beignets de Brandade de Moru (cod brandade with tomato confit and fried sage). The cod beignets were the best thing we had there and one of the best things we ate in Las Vegas. Our entrees were Coquilles St. Jacque Poeles (sauteed scallops with a black pepper gastrique) and the Steak Frites. The flavor of the scallops was good but 1/2 of them were gritty. The steak was a tad overcooked (supposed to be medium but came medium well to well done), so the edges were tough and it came with a mountain of fries. The fries were excellent but it was a very exaggerated portion - more like the amount for three people. We'd go back, but would probably order different entrees.
3	Delicious macarons.  A boatload of french fries, with not so much catsup to go along with it.  Slow service.  Food that was just okay.  And it was a bit pricey.  Food portion fills you up, but thats only because they fill you up on bread and fries.
3	Yelp says 3 stars is "A-OK" --- that is what  I would give Bouchon. I had - French onion soup -- good but nothing truly special- The croquet -- excellent and unique. The fries were ok, did not live up to the hype of the yelp reviews.- Pumpkin donuts with vanilla ice cream -- tasty but not something that made me go "wow, these are donuts, really? how did they do that?" --- I expect more wow factor from dessert at a nice place.So all in all, you will have a nice meal in a casual setting but it's nothing special.
3	I liked the ambiance of Bouchon's ...  I thought the food was just ehhhh -  I ordered the scallops and they were ok - not out of this world.The rest of my party felt the same about their entrees.  I think there are so many other great places to eat at in Las Vegas - especially if you are going to splurge.
4	I was here with a group of people on a per-set menu. The decor was beautiful and service was superb. He wait staff was very attentive. I started without the lentil soup - it was ok. We were served like a salmon roumelade with the starter bread which was amazing. My salmon entree was cooked perfectly and my potatoes were tasty. Dessert included mini donuts, brownie bites, and macaroons. The donuts were my fave. It looks like they have an extensive seafood menu including raw oysters but we didn't get a chance to try it. I would definitely go back.
4	Loved the Bakery.. Finally decided to try the Daddy shop - Bouchon (The Restaurant):10th Floor, Venezia Tower.. Walked in here for Brunch. The place had a Classy Decor, Very Professional Staff and Clientele were mostly Upper Class looking individuals. Starters:Bread with butter, jam and ketchup?!: Bread was shaped like a branch with leaves.. something like that. It was hard but the inside was soft and tasted fresh. The butter was kinda hard too, the jam was pretty good and the ketchup I guess was for the fries to come? Who eats bread with ketchup?Cheese Danish - Looked like a croissant shaped like a muffin, with a dab of some cream cheese butter on top. This was So Flaky/Soft and the cream cheese butter lightly spread throughout was perfectly balanced.. This wasn't your ordinary cheese danish (pre-packaged grocery store bought), this thing was Superb!Croque Madame: Toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce. Served with pommes frites.. Sounded quite fancy for a breakfast dish - In Layman's Terms = Ham & Cheese Sandwich with Egg and Fries! Toast tasted like a really buttered croissant with an airy texture. Ham & Cheese wasn't the oscar mayer ham nor Kraft cheese I use for h&c sandwiches back at home, it was much more gourmealicous! Plus, with the fried egg, more like a sunny side up egg and their white creamy/frothy sauce, makes an Incredible Sandwich! Fries were served as a generous amount and were plain good. Corned Beef Hash with eggs and toast: Corned Beef hash came in shallow bowl with a blanket of overeasy eggs practically covering the hash. I scooted over the eggs to try just the flavor of the corned beef. They were little cubed chunks sitting on top of some pretty tasty juice/sauce. The cubes tasted and had the texture of ham. The juice/sauce gave it a great beef flavor but not the usual Real and typical corned beef I'm used to having. Nevertheless, it was Good. The toast were thick and had a buttery flavor and reminded me of a Crouton. Like a Toast Bread Shaped Crouton?!..Fancy  Place, Great Service, Delectable Food But Came with a price.. $83.00 for 2 including 11.00 Tip.. Oh, it did include 2 Mimosa's! Cheers!!
4	Fancy... that's for sure. I don't think I need to say too much since there is 1000+ reviews. But I enjoyed dining at this place. I tried the Chicken and Waffles. The gravy for the chicken was really good. And it looked like the waffles had bits of bacon and parsley? It was just good. My boyfriend had the breakfast - two eggs, potatoes, and ham. I liked the seasoned potatoes the best. Their coffee was good too. Bold and yummy. Overall the service was great. Staff was nice and the food was good. Wouldn't mind eating here again as long as I'm willing to pay a little more. Paid about $65 for brunch... including tip.
2	Don't hate on me, Yelpers, but I really wasn't satisfied with my visit to Bouchon when I went a couple of weeks ago. First of all, the wait was only supposed to take 20 minutes according to the hostess, but we waited outside for a good hour. This isn't some Asian restaurant where the host/hostess always says the wait will only take 20 minutes so that people will be fooled and stay longer because they already stayed for a long time. The good thing is that they provided us with some really good pastries while we were waiting. But then more bad things happen...They take 30 minutes to get our order.  And it takes about another 40 minutes to get our food. My friend didn't even get the diet coke he ordered at the beginning until after we already started eating. Was this special handmade diet coke? NO. It was from a freakin bottle. I know because he got the bottle with his glass. I ordered the croque madame expecting goodness considering we waited so long to eat there and it was ranked so highly on Yelp. I gotta say, I wasn't too fond of it. The taste was just meh. And the price I paid for that was disgusting ($19 before tax and tip). I also got to try the mussels, which were alright, but the taste was a bit overwhelming. I think I would have been sick of them after 5 mussels. I got to try the waffles from the chicken and waffles dish as well.  The waffles were disgusting. There are bacon bits inside the mushy waffles. Gross.Would I come back? With all the quality food available at Vegas with a much shorter wait, probably not.
4	Our other breakfast in Vegas was at Mon Ami Gabi, and overall, I enjoyed that meal and experience more.The best part of our meal at Bouchon were the BEIGNETS DU JOUR.  There were three housemade spiced donuts with chocolate sauce and strawberry jam on the side.  The donuts were soft and warm and very yummy.  Definitely get these!My friend had the LES OEUFS, two eggs, potato croquettes, toasted brioche and country bacon.  I went with the HAM STEAK AND EGGS, featuring a Nueske Farms ham steak, two eggs, Lyonnaise potatoes and toast, nicely presented in an All Clad metal oval baker.  The croquettes (shaped like sausages) were very good and I liked them more than the Lyonnaise potatoes (thinly-sliced and pan-fried).  The ham steak was good of course because it's Nueske Farms and I love their products.  Odd that it was only grilled on one side though...?  The country bacon was not memorable.When we asked if we could substitute the bread, the server wasn't particularly warm in her response (which was a no).  I wasn't excited by the toasted brioche or the cranberry toast.  Plus, the butter was so cold and hard that it wasn't spreadable.SCORECARD SUMMARY:* Beignets (!) = Bouchon* Eggs = Draw* Meat = Bouchon (ham steak); Mon Ami Gabi (bacon)* Potatoes = Bouchon (croquettes)* Bread = Mon Ami Gabi (rustic toast)* Jam = Mon Ami Gabi* Butter = Mon Ami Gabi* Coffee = Mon Ami Gabi (The Valrhona Mocha I had was so thin I should have sent it back)* Service = Mon Ami Gabi (by contrast, friendlier and more customer-oriented)They don't accept reservations for breakfast or brunch, so go early.
2	Eh. I'm sure the food is as fantastic as everyone says, but I had a hard time appreciating it because the service was pretty terrible. Say you're at an Applebees in Lawrence, Kansas...then you might not be that surprised that you have to wait 40 minutes for your FIRST drink, and an hour and half before ANY food aside from the bread arrives at your table(by the way, I would have been totally fine with this if the drinks had been speedily delivered and plentiful..they were not...buzzkill); or that your server forgets to bring you the glass of wine you ordered with your dinner; or that your soup was delivered without a spoon, so you have to wait a good five minutes, watching it get cold before someone walks buy that could get you a spoon; or that everytime anyone put anything down on your table, it was at the wrong seat.  But this wasn't an Applebees, and we weren't in Kansas. Thumbs down, Bouchon.
4	I went here with my family for my mother's 50th birthday. My brother works at the Bouchon in LA, so our family got hooked up like crazy. Hench, my review will be a bit biased. I ate here over the summer so I can't remember everything I ate, but the dishes I do remember are the pork belly, escargot, french onion soup and desserts. Pork belly - This was was cooked perfectly. It had about a half inch of fat on it, but the thing melts in yo mouth. So good. Escargot - This was the first time I ever tried escargot. It basically tastes like seafood, like a clam or mussel, but dunked in buttah. Oh, and I believe it also came with a small, buttery biscuit. Pretty good. I would try again. French onion soup - I loveeeeee FOS. This one was amazing. I think it really comes down to the cheese and broth. This one in particular stood out to be bc of the beef broth they used. Wow, it was sooo good, but sooo bad for me too. Dessert - In addition to the cake Bouchon made especially for my mom, they literally came out with eight other desserts for my family to try. It was overwhelming. I don't have the biggest sweet tooth, but they got me with the homemade PUSH UP-like ice cream and creme brulee. I think the best part was the vanilla/raspberry swirl PUSH UP ice cream. Sent me straight back to my childhood. (This is not on the menu.) Lastly, creme brulee is the only dessert I'll have. The one here was pretty good. (I've uploaded a dark photo of all the desserts that came out. You can see just how much we ate that night.) The service here is exceptional. Oh, and I can't forget this night bc this was Game 7 of the NBA championships. Thank God Bouchon had a TV in the waiting area. After dinner, my family and I caught the last 10 minutes of the game. It was a great way to end our dinner.
3	truly i'd give this a 3.5definitely not worth the high prices.food was decent but not very much above averageour table of two ordered steak frites and the trout. we both agreed the trout tasted a bit "fishy". not fresh but fishy.the steak was better than the fish, but not above average.ordered an anchor steam beer on draft for only 4.75, but it was only like a 6 or 8 oz glass!
4	Freakin' delicious.Breakfast at Bouchon is the way to go. It's cheaper than other meals, just as tasty and easy to get seated.If the weather permits, sitting outside is the move.
5	This is only for the salmon rillette and baguette since i ordered them to go :-) Both were just fantastic!  the baguette was crusty, better crust than the epie, imho, nice aroma.  The salmon rillette was soooooo good, the aroma was awesome!  The salmon was not too finely smashed up, i could still see and taste the rare smoked salmon,  the creaminess and seasoning was just perfect.   I prefer spreading it on the baguette over the toast points.The butter and strawberry jam included with the baguette was really good also.
5	I think I have died and found pastry heaven.  I recently visited Vegas for a friend's birthday weekend.  A friend's coworker's boyfriend works at Bouchon and we were told we would be "hooked up."  I figured that meant a nice table, maybe a free dessert for the birthday girl.  I don't want to go into too much detail because I don't want to make you cry with jealousy.  Suffice it to say that Bouchon treated us very well and it was a brunch I will never forget!I definitely recommend any of their pastries.  My favorite is the cheese danish made with lemon zest.  All of their dishes are made fresh, including some fantastic coffee and homemade ice cream and gelato (my favorite was the pear).We also got a tour of the kitchen, which was quite impressive!A great place to eat, to treat yourself, and wonderful service.
2	maybe its me mayeb im just having bad luck with service and food but yet again disappointed wife took me here for brunch for my birthday got sat at a empty table when i say empty nothing on top no plates no napkins silverware not even salt and pepper had to wait 10 mins to get water 15 mins to talk to our server 30 mins for bread wife got a thing of nutella that came 10 mins before the bread food was jus ok then came the best noone came to check on us or refill our water was about to walk out since no one was bothering to bring us a check
5	Came here with a group of 13. I have to tip my hat off to the reservations staff/hostess at bouchon who were very hospitable to my group. We arrived 20 minutes late and didn't have our whole party until an hour after our original reservation time. But, throughout the process, the hostess was very cordial and friendly. I was impressed and thankful. The host team and superior service from our wait staff earned the extra star for this establishment.Food:The complimentary bread rolls were top notch. Reminded me of baguettes that I so-loved and enjoyed on my visit to Paris. Really, really good.The lamb was so tender and non-gamey, it could pass for a filet mignon. I don't think I've ever tasted lamb quite like this. AMAZINGThe pork was huge! Perfectly cooked and seasoned. My girlfriend's favorite.If you're in Vegas for a weekend and you are looking to have one superb meal in addition to the typical one buffet allotment, then I would definitely recommend Bouchon. Unparalleled service and quality food.
5	The food was delicious!  I ordered the Steak Bouchon, which came with a small potato pancake and bernaise sauce.  And my steak was cooked to perfection.  Pricey, but worth it.  Would definitely go back.
5	Started with the Assiete de Charcuterie. Five different cuts of deli with pickled veggies. Very delicious.I ordered the Steak Frites (flat iron steak w/fries), the meat was extremely tender...our waiter had forgotten steak knives but my butter knife melted through the steak as if it were butter.
4	My friend and I went to Bouchon for Monday Morning Breakfast.  Our waiter was Matthew who was very nice.  In the beginning, he took the time to explain all of the french menu items.  Then his section began to get more and more full and we got less and less attention.  I hate that I had to flag him down to ask to add another dish and then once again for the check after we had been sitting with empty plates for quite some time. At such a distinguished place, he should have been checking on us a little more frequently.  The Lyonaisse potatoes are a must have! So good.  They had carmelized onions which had a great flavor. I definitely recommend them.My friend had the french toast which was made like bread pudding.  I tried it but was completely impressed (probably because I'm not a bread pudding fan).  He said it was delicious and the best thing he ordered.I enjoyed my soy milk cappuccino.  It was made well.  My friend Kose said his cappuccino was just ok.  The cheese danish pastry was also just ok.I'd like to try their dinner.  Breakfast was good but I wasn't majorly impressed.  The ambiance is nice though.
4	A bright french restaurant inside the Venetian.  Its a verhy nice bustling place that is full of energy.  The waiters were very knowledgable and friendly.  I tried the Chicken and waffles which I found  interesting.  The chicken was very soft and tender.  It just peeled off from the bones.  The waffles were a little salty with herbs and I want to say its with chives and/or onions so (interesting and not what I expected).  The Bread butter and jam were very good too.  It was an enjoyable experience.
4	Guess we were on a French food mission and ended up here for brunch on Sunday.  I ended up ordering the American breakfast which includes a pastry sticky bun (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=8q1X983xTrVTg4aU3taOrQ) which came out nice and warm, juice, coffee, two eggs, sausage, bacon, and toasted brioche (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=DmMYZHqFXN_rakGlcnfiUw).  Eggs were perfectly cooked with the egg yolk runny and the bacon was crispy.  Hell of a deal as I was starving since we didn't make it there until 12.  Our party also ordered 2 dozen oysters 6 Kumamoto, 6 Fanny Bay (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=lwKwEeE4qLNBg8UVdYHs0Q), 4 Dabob Bay, 4 Miranda and 4 Sun Hollow (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=LnE84RjOwW7LzotwN-Cv6g).  I only had a Kumamoto as I'm not big on oysters but the rest of the party enjoyed them.  My friend also ordered the white sausage and I had a piece of it and boy was it good.  Gf ordered the mussels (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=xhqSvqWxPdz_kJl4S5QgIw) and that white wine, mustard and saffron sauce is to die for.  I could eat that alone with some of their warm bread.  Another great meal to finish off an awesome weekend in sin city.
2	Average at best. I am so disappointed. I ordered several items from menu. The onion soup is mediocre and very oily. The beets were quite good. The macaroni gratin side was average. A flatiron steak for over $40 is ridiculous and honestly it was not well seasoned. Bottom line: go to Daniel Boulud's or joel robuchon's restaurant. This restaurant was empty and a disappointment. I don't think it will be there in 2 years.
4	There's nothing wrong with having a bottle of wine at 10 am, right? Right?Not if you're having brunch at Bouchon. (And, apparently, not if you're lushes like Jim G. and I are!)The bistro is beautiful and instantly made me want to return to Paris. Our server was nice, albeit a little slow at times.  We started with some coffee (flavorful and tasty) and the Baguette which comes with butter, jam (homemade and fresh) and nutella.  Yum!  You also get bread with the meal (which I didn't know), so maybe you don't need the baguette, but I liked having both a french baguette (it's small) and the sourdough bread.Proceeded to order the:Chicken and Waffles for me: So flavorful!! Moist, crispy skin roast half chicken; so succulent!  Chive and bacon infused waffles; yes please!  This is the upscale version of Roscoe's!!!Steak Frites for Jim G: not a cheap version of steak frites, but a full on hunk of steak, hence the necessity for wine!Everything was so good and filling!  I would go there again in a minute!  Bear in mind, the Chicken and Waffles is only available on the weekend and it is their most popular dish!
4	Recently had a nice brunch with a couple of girlfriends. Everyone loved their meal and we left overstuffed because we just couldn't stop eating. I had the salmon, fresh bread with all the dressings. It was the BEST and most fresh salmon I've had. It just hit the spot. When my friend received the croque madame I had food envy! Also the yogurt was amazing and the fresh bread with butter and jam was fabulous! Had a great meal and def want to return!
5	Dear Mister Thomas Kellar,Your chicken and waffles are simply amazing!Love love love from a fan. xo. ~ Anne T.
5	Service is A++The seating and atmosphere inside is A++I kept it simple with steak and frites, but it was still quite good. There was some ground caramelized onions over the steak which was a nice add. They don't skip on the little things. The fries were thin and crispy. Even the ketchup, was super good! Thick, cold, savory! I've never considered myself a big ketchup fan, but it was quite tastyPricey, but worth it
5	Get the Croque de Madame. So tasty! The toasted brioche tastes delicious with the tender ham and runny egg on it. Chicken and Waffles are done very well too because the Chicken is made so tender. Amazing gravy with the mushrooms and the waffles are so fluffy.The french toast is done in a very different way, bread pudding style, I'm not a big fan of sweets so I preferred other dishes over it.The sourdough Banana and walnut waffles was my second favorite. Sourdough taste in a waffle but topped with bananas and waffles. So light, refreshing, tasty, and amazing! It's not like biting into a firm piece of toasted dough. Instead, it's light and you can capture the slight sourdough taste without feeling like you ate a heavy meal...
5	Ok, look. I am evidence of epicureanism gone completely haywire. When I ate at this place back in December of 2008, I was totally hung up on a girl, emotionally strained and primed to party.It was under these circumstances that me and my best friend hit the Venetian and spent about $120 a head on this, frankly, highly artistic food. We started with oysters, were given bread throughout (breadcrumbs splayed all over the white paper table cloth), and then I got a foie gras, my best friend got an insane 3 story salad (1 story=3 inches) that looked like the miniature model for a very innovative space house for some obscenely loaded celebrity. I'm remembering these in digitized bits, but our waiter was Russ. What a debonair piece of work. Made wine recommendations like a pro and had the gentility of a Frenchman, with the down-to-earthness of an American.Look around yourself here. It's not really a French bakery. You're in a place that has borrowed genius from other places, and being in Vegas, it will still bring to mind, well, VEGAS. The decorations add a sense of "Nigel the Explorer" ...I remember a cool looking clock that had the local times of different parts of the world.That's really all I have to say.
2	Arrived at Bouchon for a dessert on a Sunday night. Was seated promptly and given menus and waters. All desserts are $9. Provided that this was just dessert and the reputation of Bouchon, I had high expectations as I walked across the dining room to our appointed table.My boyfriend decided on the creme carmel. Upon its arrival to the table I was disappointed by its lackluster appeal. There it was, a gelatinous blob, sitting in a shallow pool of its caramel juices. No spun sugar garnish, let alone any garnish - what you see, is what you get. Looks aside, we dug in into the thick creme to find...nothing special. Being a classic french dessert, I expected some care and thought - when really I felt the Bouchon chefs put the item on the menu haphazardly. Disgrace! I might as well be dining at the Left Bank on the offside of a shopping mall. Coming back for more? Perhaps for a dinner of moules-frittes, but definitely not for the sweets selection, but looking at the prices listed on the menu - there are other places where I would rather invest my dollar into a fine dining experiencePerfect for:* a group of four or less
4	yummm! i'm not going to lie but i did have a hangover in the morning and this hit the spot! i had the croque madame which came w/  string fries and it was DELICIOUS! i kinda think this place was a lil racist tho haha! our waiter was asian with the WORST accent ever and it was super hard to understand a word he said. we also noticed that all his clients were asians too...kinda a coincidence don't you think? minus one star for being a racist restaurant.
5	Had both brunch and dinner. Pricing is very fair and the food outstanding. It's tricky to find but don't let that stop you. Go!
4	First experience at a Thomas Keller restaurant, and it did not disappoint.The smoked foie gras terrine was spectacular!  Rich and decadent yet still totally balanced in both proportion, presentation and flavors.  No kidding, the foie with it's garnishes of citrus poached olives and sweet onion vinaigrette made for just about the single most delicious bite of food I've ever enjoyed.  My wife had the lamb, which was incredible and perfectly cooked, and I had the scallops, which were divine in their own right.The (oh-so-very-minor) downsides that prevented a full five stars: Service seemed somewhat rushed, which I attribute to our early seating time (i.e. Trying to turn our table before the proper dinner rush hit), and also a bit disjointed.  We could have done with a couple more minutes between the foie appie and our entrees, and the mains were brought out before our table was cleared and re-set, so I had my main course but no silverware with which I could eat it.  Also, since the mains were rushed out we didn't get to fully enjoy our first wine selection before the next glasses were at our table.Again, very small dings on the report card, IMO.All said and done, Bouchon gave us a dinner to remember.  I'm looking forward to eating at my 'hometown' outpost in Beverly Hills!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! Thomas Keller, you are amazing. This is a MUST try brunch place in Vegas; I will take this quality food over 3+ hours of waiting for a buffet anyday. And this being my second Thomas Keller experience, and just as good as the first (Fleur de Lys, San Francisco), I am determined to try every Thomas Keller restaurant possible in my lifetime.We had a 10-15 minute wait on a Saturday morning Christmas, but it was nice because we lounged around and looked at their menu beforehand. We did have a service problem. But I still gave them 5 stars for the way they remedied it. They brought out one of our orders before the other... WAY before. I think we waited a good 15 minutes for our present order to get cold before the other one came out. However, like all top-notch French restaurants, impeccable service rendered the mistake to practically nothing. The service:- waiter apologized many times- brought out assorted fruit plated in a cup by the chef- offered us drinks from the bar on the house- the restaurant manager herself brought out the dish and apologized- the dish was put on the house, cutting our bill in halfService, service, service. They are AHHHMAZING, polite, speedy, attentive, and friendly. Except for that period of time where our waiter was a bit MIA, everything else was flawless.I was a bit skeptical about their chicken and waffle, because... chicken and waffles? Thomas Keller? Most popular item on the menu? ...uhh, come again?I was very happily proven wrong when we ordered it anyways. Chicken is usually too dry and waffles are usually too sweet. This chicken... I don't think I've tasted chicken so flavorful WITHOUT the gravy or waffles so flawlessly textured and flavored... add some of their gravy to your chicken, and some butter and syrup to your waffles... I could die eating this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day for the next year.I got the crab special... I forgot what it was called, but it was a weekend special of crab, macaroni, and cheese, baked and topped with scrambled eggs and black truffle hollandaise sauce (black truffle anything, HOLLA!). I ate every bite even when I was stuffed up to my esophagus because it was that good.Get their orange juice, by the way. Super fresh and a perfect balance of flavor to your meal. Judging by the flavor of the orange juice, I'd assume their mimosas to be great as well.Ambience was wonderful. This restaurant is located near the Venetian hotel check in. You take a separate elevator up to a different, more secluded lobby by the pool, and the decor inside the restaurant is classic and has windows that look out to scenery.Great service, nice ambience, and AMAZING food... I will most definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.Psst... check out Bouchon Bakery downstairs after your brunch and take something to go. You won't regret it!
5	TK never disappoints with this gem. Usually I only come with my husband, but this time, we came with my family, and their service for a large party of 9 did not disappoint.Highlights of the meal include the french fries, terrine de foie gras, escargot, and the bread. Truly though, every part of the meal was perfection.
3	I know.  Three stars for Thomas Keller?!  I wish it wasn't so, but this brunch was a bust. (Sad face). We ordered:French Toast- Bread pudding style with brioche, custard & apples. My teeth hurt right now just thinking about how sweet it was. It was gorgeous, but the portion was tiny.  It made me feel like a giant. Beignets- worst decision of day. They were burnt, hard, and tasted terrible.  Croque Madame- Ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg, mornay sauce & fries. Done right. Eggs and bacon- well, they were eggs and bacon.  No complaints here. The service was ok. There were moments our server was MIA, but at the times she was there, she was pleasant and very helpful.  The saving grace for me was their pastries, namely, their croissants.  If I would have only had coffee and a basket of croissants (all to myself), this would have had 5 stars written all over it.  Maybe we should have gone the chicken waffle route.  I won't give up on Bouchon and if I make it out to the Beverly Hills location, hopefully they will redeem their sacred name.
2	Hit or miss. I know you are like, what ?! The gnocchi I had was simply terrible, not just not good, but so bad I had to stop eating it after 3 bites...and that is something I cannot recall ever doing. My girlfriend agreed when she tried it.  The waitress was a little difficult to get a hold of throughout the night so I ended up just eating girlfriends fries for dinner and ended up sending the gnocchi back. So not a great experience overall.My girlfriends croquet madam was really good.The foie gras was great and pricey $50, but could probably feed 3 to 4 people.With all the choices in vegas I won't go back and unfortunately must now speak negatively of a thomas keller restaurant.
5	I'm spoiled now Mr. Keller and thanks to you, I can't eat normal breakfasts anymore. I'm such a breakfast brat!I came into Bouchon with plenty of expectations knowing that its Thomas Keller and the reviews have been out of this world. I walked out incredibly satisfied, wanting more, and even pleasantly surprised despite all the rave and reviews about it. My party ordered the: Croque Madame, Breakfast Americaine, and the Crab Gratin. All three were absolutely amazing. I found virtually everything that we had from the entrees to the brioche itself perfectly executed and fulfilling for my timmy too. The portions look small, but everything was very filling. The Breakfast Americaine is a bargain because you get: 2 eggs, sausage, bacon, brioche, a choice of pastry, juice and tea or coffee for $22. I enjoyed my Croque Madame so much. I'm picky when it comes to eggs and in all honesty, I hate fried eggs. A lot of times I just hate the taste of yolk on its own, I know, crazy, but I do. However, this Croque Madame was too good to be true! The Crab gratin was amazing! To have cheese, scrambled eggs on top, and truffle sauce, but still taste a strong crab flavor is amazing! There were small pieces of crab all over, but the small sizes were packed with flavor. So yummy, I'm salivating writing this review.The kitchen also gave us some courtesy raspberry beignets which were divine! Nothing like biting into a beignet and seeing mouthful of raspberry jam ooze right out! We also had an apple croissant which was absolutely delicious! We ended up going to the bakery the next day and bought 3 to take home with us. Service was very attentive and fast, no snobbish attitude
4	4.0 StarsBouchon is slightly hidden from plain sight when walking through the Venetian hotel, so be sure to look out for signs pointing to the elevators. It's located on the 10th floor in the Venezia Tower. Once you find the main hotel registration area just take the elevators to the right and you'll be on your way to a scrumptious culinary journey.My buddies and I came for Sunday Brunch and barely made the 2PM cutoff. Luckily we got in with a minute to spare and the host was nice enough to prepare a table for our group.Our meal started off with loaves of bread shaped like a tree branch. I wish the bread was warmer, but it's expected to be luke warm because we got in pretty late. The outside crust was solid and soft on the inside. On the side we had butter and berry jam to go with the bread.For my main course I really wanted to try the Chicken & Waffles after seeing so many good reviews of it from Yelp. Sadly, they ran out for the day so I went with my second choice: Corned Beef Hash. The Corned Beef Hash is served with two eggs any style and toast. The corned beef and potatoes are diced up in perfectly shaped cubes and then the eggs are placed on top covering the Corned Beef Hash. I must say this is probably the best Corned Beef Hash I've had thus far. It wasn't overly salty like other Corned Beef Hashes I've tasted. It was just right and it was perfectly delicious. The corned beef didn't taste much like corned beef, but reminded me of ham instead. This is way better than the crispy mush you get from your typical diner. The toast was also very notable because it was extra thick and crispy, but fluffy on the inside. It had a nice buttery flavor infused into it. This went well with my over-easy eggs because I could use the toast to soak up the runny center and juices from the corned beef.My stomach was definitely happy after trying its first Thomas Keller restaurant. With the other Bouchon being so close to home I can't wait to make another trip out to Napa to try it for dinner.== A MUST TRY! ==
5	We had breakfast here. Elegant and classy are two to describe Bouchon. I had the smoked salmon on baguette...wonderful. Wife had the French toast..a small little tower of heaven. Great experience.
3	This was one of our favorite brunch spots in the past. This time, the food was good, but not great. We started with the complimentary bread. It comes to your table in a loaf/stick shaped like a tree. It is crusty on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Just like a french bread should be served. It comes with a side of butter and jam. The peach jam was delicious. We ordered the beignets as an appetizer. We expected New Orleans style beignets. They were actually cake donuts covered in cinnamon sugar. They were very good. The cake was light and fluffy. But they were very messy. For our entree, we both had the french toast. It's a bread pudding style french toast. It was very sweet. Dessert like really. I would have preferred something not quite as sweet for breakfast. That's just a matter of personal taste though. If I had requested the syrup be served on the side, it might not have been so sweet. The atmosphere of the restaurant is bistro like and very bright and sunny. The service was ok but not exceptional. To be fair, the restaurant was very busy.
4	Tasty food, nice wine, good atmosphere, overall very good.  The Fennel & Pear soup-of-the-day was light and delicious.  The chocolate mouse dessert was dark, rich, thick, and luscious, the best mousse I've ever had.
4	one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots in Vegas. I usually sit outside, and it is beautiful & comfortable when it is not too hot in Vegas.  Not the best of best, but you will enjoy their good food at beautiful Venezia hotel(Venezia is my favorite, most sophisticated building among other Venetian towers).  It is a great place for breakfast/brunch to start your day in Vegas.
3	Maybe my expectations were too high coming into Bouchon, especially since it was from Thomas Keller.My friends and I had made reservations for 6:30pm on a Sunday night so the place was pretty empty. We were seated after about 5 minutes of waiting, which still surprised me I guess since we had already reserved a table.The decor and ambiance of the place is very appropriate; dimly lit and nice chairs/booths.The menus surprised me a bit: they were made out of tissue paper and were used to wrap the napkins. Is that typical for a really nice restaurant? After ordering, we were given bread, which was plopped straight onto the table along with some butter and pistachios. I thought that was a bit awkward. We also had no bread plates. I guess Bouchon can't afford enough plates? After a bit, we were also served some marinated olives, which confused us a bit since we didn't order any olives. They turned out to be really salty and I only ended up spitting one out after trying it.The wait for food wasn't too bad and our orders all came out at once. I had ordered the leg of lamb (about $33). The portions aren't especially big but it filled me up. The lamb was very good and flavorful and it definitely ended all too quickly. The thing that looked the most appetizing of all my friends was the chicken, which had a much bigger portion than the other dishes and smelled delicious.For dessert, everyone had ordered one of everything on the menu (caramel custard, lemon tart, chocolate mousse, meringue, and chocolate bouchons) and we went around tasting all the desserts. Overall, all the desserts were really good.We were having a pretty good experience until the bill came and it turns out that those olives they served us were not complimentary. Somehow they ended up serving us olives (which we did not order) and charged us for it. We told our waiter and he was very apologetic and immediately took it off our bill.Other than that mishap, I would say overall I had an OK experience at Bouchon. The waiters were nice, the decor was nice, and the food was nice. But with all the little details that were missed, Bouchon did not wow me, especially for a Thomas Keller restaurant and for the price we paid.
4	i cry.  You walk in and you can tell it's a pretty fancy place.  Of course I went in flip flops. VEGAS BABYYYY. Anyways, perfect and elegant waiter.  We went for brunch and there was so many sweet and savory dishes to choose from!  We ordered the pastry basket and couldn't stop eating it!  The pastries were so rich in flavor and darn buttery!  My fiance got the croq monsieur sandwich and each bite was yolk heaven! I got the chicken and waffles and....not that good.  Maybe I should order french food at a french restaurant.  Service and view of the fountain made this meal so awesome!
4	I am giving it a 4.25.My first experience with a Thomas Keller restaurant and it certainly did not disappoint. I came on a Tuesday evening so luckily it wasn't too packed.Went with a group of four so we all got a different dish to try and taste as many things as possible. Food goes as follows.....French Onion Soup- One of the best preparations of french onion soup I've had, if not the best. The broth itself was extremely rich and flavorful and the cheese exterior was crunchy and went amazingly when mixed with the broth and onions. Beware because this dish is very rich and filling so it may be best to share it with someone else.Pork Chop with brussel sprouts-This is the dish I ordered and I was very glad I did. Pork was super flavorful and paired with the rich sauce and brussel sprouts, the combination was great. Would have liked the pork to be a little more tender though.Steak and Frites- The steak was done medium rare and was super flavorful. Came alongside a huge portion of frites which were damn near perfect. Great Dish.Leg of Lamb-My friend got the lamb medium rare and it was pretty good. Wasn't the best preparation of lamb and wasn't as tender as I would have liked, but the flavor was good and he really enjoyed it.Glazed Pork Belly-This was an appetizer special of the day. The pork came with a tiny portion, but was packed with flavor. Would definitely recommend this if it is a special of the day.Unfortunately we were beyond full at the end of the meal, we weren't able to order any dessert. Overall I really liked Bouchon and can't wait to try Keller's other restaurants. The reasons that it wasn't a 5 star for me was that it was a little pricey and service was a little pretentious, but other than that I was very satisfied.
4	I came here recently on a trip to Vegas with some friends. We made reservations that day when we checked into our room at The Venetian and were seated promptly when we arrived. The waiters were very friendly and everything was done according to etiquette (e.g. serving the ladies first, serving food only from your left side, etc.).They started us off with bread and butter which was very delicious. They also gave us a free appetizer of marinated olives, which was a very light appetizer so it was perfect before our big meal. I ordered the roasted chicken and it was incredibly tender and the meat fell off the bones. The side of celery and candied apples were also delicious. The size was very good for what we paid. We got a bottle of merlot that went very well with the meal and they served us several times in our glasses so we wouldn't even have to touch the bottle. After dinner we each got a different dessert and shared them all and they were all incredible and compliment each other well. The lemon tart was huge and easily the biggest dessert there. Very tangy so only get it if you like the sourness of lemon. The chocolate dessert was incredibly rich as was the meringue over cream. The custard caramel was extremely smooth and the right amount of creamy and sweet. I would definitely going there if you're looking for a nice dinner.
4	I love you Thomas Keller, I really do, but you didn't wow me here.  I had an overly salty croque madame (minus the egg) and very salty fries.  The huge plates of seafood floating through the restaurant looked decadent and indulgent.  If only I wasn't allergic.Next time I'll try the steak...The restaurant is lovely, and the energy is contagious.
4	I had the most lovely brunch at Bouchon during my Vegas Christmas wedding weekend. They offer very, very tempting brunch selections like chicken and waffles which looked mouthwatering. However, on this chilly Vegas morning I was slightly hungover and craving a more traditional (non traditionally late) breakfast. The "Breakfast Americaine" fit the bill. It came with crispy bacon, the best breakfast sausage I've ever had, eggs any way you can imagine them, and toasted buttery Brioche. In addition, it came with a breakfast pastry, juice and endless coffee.The chocolate croissant was the best chocolate croissant I've ever had, besides of course ones I've made in my pastry career and eaten fresh from the oven. The banana muffin was very moist and very delicious. The coffee was amazing and overflowing. Our waitress constantly warmed and refilled our cups. The service was great. I will be eager to return, next time for dinner!
3	A friend of mine suggested this place for brunch and raved about the chicken and waffles.  I've been twice and once had the corned beef hash and the second time had the steak frites (my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles both times) and I'd have to say the food is just alright.  We went with a couple friends the first time and they seemed to enjoy the food (french toast and salmon something) so maybe I was just upset with my choice.Of the times I've been there, it seems like it's hit or miss with the food -- miss being just average.  The waffles were delicious (especially with the vanilla bean butter), though.  That alone is reason enough to come back. The only reason I give it three stars is because the food quality can vary depending on what you order, at least as far as breakfast goes.  I wouldn't write it off just yet though, I'd love to come back for dinner to try it out.  I'd say, it's best
5	We absolutely love the appetizers. Salmon Rillettes is a must! I saw the onion soup and could not stop myself from ordering one as well. The oysters were really fresh and started our evening with a bang. I was a little overwhelmed with the size of my entree, which was a trout. It was basically half of a trout. The cauliflower puree with white truffle was amazing with the fish though. Our server was really nice despite the fact that it was super busy that night and there were some rude diners crowding the walkway by the tables. Overall, a great experience. I want to come back!
4	Do I even need to write a review for the world famous  Bouchon? My husband and I went to Bouchon for brunch on a Saturday morning. The wait wasn't as bad as I anticipated considering the fact we were there the weekend of the CES Show. The warm and toasty baguettes they place at your table help make waiting for your meal a non-issue. I have never been a fan of french toast, but after impulsively ordering it at Bouchon, I am now french toast's biggest fan. Bouchon's french toast is a cinnamony, sweet, cylindrical stack of pure goodness. The only reason I give Bouchon a 4 star rather than a 5 star is because my husband's $26 Breakfast Americain was really nothing special. It was a glorified Denny's breakfast (i.e...scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon). The only thing that saved it from being amongst the rank of diner food was the addition of a Bouchon pastry of your choice. O...M...G. We got the pain au chocolat, but really, they're ALL good. The almond financiers they were passing out at the entrance made me want to linger until lunchtime. Even if you can't eat a full meal here, the pastries are definitely worth checking out.
5	One of the best dinning experience in vegas. Menu is little limited but everything at dinner was tasty. really enjoyed it, wait staff was solid and the decor was pleasant and refreshing from the usually over the top crap elsewhere in town.
5	I really dug Bouchon.  The setting was classy, the food was delicious, and ambiance really put it all together.  Bouchon starts off the table with the classic: bread and butter http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=fXfqzKdLWyLTFWk4sJ7HkQI usually gauge a restaurant by what kind of bread they serve.  It usually represents what is to come.  The bread was very fresh.  It was shaped like a wheat stalk, which conveniently breaks off to share.  The butter was soft, nutty, and smooth.  Pistachios were a nice touch too.To start, I ordered the duck confit. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=I9glHwUtGX9sGvokK4fPPgThis truly was the highlight of my meal.  There's something about duck confit.  The whole process changes the duck leg.  It tastes better than a normal preparation.  The outside was crispy and the inside meat was beyond tender.  It simple fell apart.  It came with some greens, peaches, and a sauce that perfectly melded the flavors.For my plat principaux, I enjoyed a Croque Madame.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=SR73vxNb49DOALh-gDtazQI've never had a ham and cheese sammie in such style.  The brioche was rich with a tender crumb.  The fried egg was perfectly cooked and overflowing with mornay sauce.  You're going to need a fork and knife with this one.  It came with a side of frites.  Nom.I was able to sneak...I mean sample friends meals.The quick notes: Steak Frites - I enjoyed it, but if your not used to a flatiron steak it's not for you.  My friend did not approve of this cut.Saumon Poele - Great flavor, texture, and cooked perfectly.  Highly recommended.  Gnocchi a la Parisienne - Best gnocci I have ever eaten.  PeriodEat here.  You need it.   You want it.
4	I finally had a chance to check out Bouchon for brunch when I was in town NYE weekend. We got there just in time before brunch was over and only waited about 15 minutes. Service was a bit slow, but I'm thinking it's because it was a busy weekend and it was nearing the end time for brunch. Not a big deal. Everything on the menu sounded soo good and I was hungry! Soo I plan on trying it again and getting something different next time!Anyway, they bring complimentary bread out with butter and a cherry jelly. I heart bread and butter so that was already a pretty good start. I ordered the Bouchon French Toast and my husband got the Croque Madame (because all the other tables around us had fries and he wanted to see what all that was about!). My french toast was small, dainty, and very beautifullly plated. It was tasty and I enjoyed it, however it comes out soaked in the maple syrup and there weren't enough slivers of the apple. Overall, it was good, but just a tad too sweet for me. My husband's croque madame was very good! And so were the fries. :) I wish I could have tried other things like the special appetizer of the day and the doughnuts, but we were full and I really wanted to get stuff from the bakery. =)
4	At last, I came back for brunch!  Their french toast with apples were amazing!  Light, moist, fluffy, not too sweet!  Gosh, it was a dessert in itself!The corned hash was okay.  Served with two eggs and potatoes mixed in with the corned hash.  I personally thought it was a tad bit too salty.We also had escargots for appetizer.  Served with puff pastries,  they were delicious! Buttery, warm puff pastries which absorbed the garlicky butter sauce the escargots were cooked in.  I will have to say, add more garlic please!Our waitress was pretty attentive.  She kept refilling our waters, which was great.  However, it took forever to get bread, which she never noticed we didn't get!  We had to ask the other helpers on the floor about 2-3 times to get us our epi bread.   The delicious jam and butter was sitting at our table for soo long, yet with no bread and everyone else around us getting some :( Also, the food took a while to get to our table!  Its brunch, we are hungry and want our food quick!Overall, pretty pleasant experience.  We may be back....
5	NO RESERVATIONS(actually...we had reservations at 6:45pm and we beat the dinner rush! nice job on making the reservations LiLy!!)I never made it out to The French Laundry when I lived in the Bay Area so I've been wanting to try this place ever since I watched the No Reservations: Vegas episode. I thought that it would be perfect to do my 100th review Anthony Bourdain style. I came here with a few of my favorite yelp-izzles. LiLy D, Elnino F, and Angela H made this dinner hella damn fun!Our server Michael, was awesome. He had the specials memorized and kept us entertained with jokes throughout the night.What I ordered:Salmon Rillettes $17.50Steak Frites $36.50Sauteed Spinach $7.501 Bottle of Cabernet - France 2007 $48There are no bread plates, so you just eat off the table. The bread comes out warm and was very good. They also give you some warm pistachios. The Salmon Rillettes were my favorite dish of the night. It is fresh & smoked salmon served with toasted croutons. I think LiLy might have liked that dish more than me. I also had some of LiLy's Onion Soup and I like that too. I have a bite of Elnino's Endive Salad. The Steak Frites was cooked to perfection. It is a pan-seared prime flatiron steak with caramelized shallots, maitre d'hotel butter & french fries. I originally asked for my steak cooked rare, but changed it to medium-rare as suggested by our server. Great suggestion Michael! The Sauteed Spinach was good too. I had a few pieces of LiLy's lamb. It was a little salty, but still good. I had a piece of Elnino's scallop, which was yummy. I also had a bite of Angela's chicken, which was also yummy!The wine was a good choice. Nice pick LiLy!!I wanted dessert, but didn't see anything that jumped off the page.I will mos def come back for some more of the Salmon Rillettes and probably try some of the shellfish.
4	Listen.  When you want to do Vegas the right way, you go to Bouchon's for brunch after a long night out with your friends.  It will be one of the most amazing breakfast/lunch spots you'll find there.  It's hidden in the Venetian and when I say hidden, I mean VIP hidden.  You go up the elevator and arrive on a floor that's filled with all things decadent...high ceilings, lots of gold and elegance.  The food is nothing short of spectacular.  I literally had my breakfast and lunch there...LITERALLY.  I recall having their french pastries with a cup of latte and then moving on to their chicken, bacon and chive waffle in ONE sitting.  It was delicious!  I highly, HIGHLY recommend it for your next visit.  The price is a little more than your typical breakfast fare in Vegas but it's completely worth it!
3	In the Venezia wing of the Venetian.  We've been to the one in Napa, but this one seems a bit more casual and open.  We came for brunch  - very filling and a bit heavy.  We had their New England Clam Chowder to start.  Lots of spices, pretty thick.  My husband really enjoyed it.  They brought some breads, and I personally really liked their peach jam.  Yummy.Our main dishes were signature the Croquet Madame and one of their specials (my french is awful, but it was scrambled eggs on a housemade puff pastry with spicy sausage).  Both dishes were delicious but H-E-A-V-Y.  Don't think I'll be craving either dish again any time soon...Waiter was very friendly, but service was a little slow.  Great ambiance.  A must try in Vegas, at least once...
3	After almost an hour wait to get seated, we waited another half for our food. While the place gives off a nice ambiance, the wait was not really worth it for the food. To top it off, the water glasses were dirty and our waiter was not that attentive... They forgot our meal coffee and juice until I reminded them. Save yourself some time and spend your $30 a plate somewhere in the forums.
4	Food was great!The food here was great and I think is a bit of a hidden gem among the all you can eat watery egg buffets that pollute Vegas.  My husband got the Sourdough Waffle and said it was the best he had ever eaten (and he has had a lot of waffles).  I got the French Toast (brioche) and thought it was perfectly presented and tasted excellent. The tables we were seated in was the kind where one person sits on a booth that runs the length of the restaurant and other sits opposite across a long skinny table in a chair.  I was seated almost uncomfortably close to the German woman next to me--she was closer than my husband across the table.  The weird spacial arrangement of the tables combined with the dish clatter and bustle of the brunch rush made the conversational aspect of breakfast a bit awkward.  It was hard to talk or have a conversation when you feel like you are talking as much to the strangers next to you as you are your spouse.  I think that the diners who sat at actual tables rather than the long skinny booth thing probably had a better dining experience.  Next time we go I will ask for a real table, even if I have to wait longer.  The seating arrangement is the only reason this place doesn't get a fifth star for me.
3	I visited Bouchon for dinner on a Thursday night just last week.  We had dinner reservations at 8:45 and were expecting to be completely wowed.  Wrong we were.  I'd like to get one thing straight - the food is great!  Actually beat my expectations.  But the service is awful.  Where to begin.We arrived and were sat promptly.  The FIRST person to come to our table wasn't a server.  Nope.  Wasn't a bus person.  Nope.  It was the sommelier and that was after a good 10 minutes of being seated.  We were all in great moods after seeing a show and went with it making wine our main focus.  He was nice enough and helped us choose something.  Approximately 5 minutes after we ordered our wine we were served water.  Still no server.Another couple minutes and we have warm bread and butter delivered.  Still no server.Now, honestly, we should have seen our server 20 minutes into being sat.  We are now poured wine and are enjoying it along with the warm bread.  Finally, we stop someone and ask to find our server.  Being incredibly annoying (or potentially simply observant) I watch the gentleman approach a woman who inevitably mouths 'I Know' with a look of irritation and rolls her eyes.  She then proceeds to go to another one of her tables to help them.  When she approaches us it is nothing short of patronizing  and simply an empty smile.  The meal continued with that level of service.  We took note that it wasn't just our server that had this empty, unhappy look.  All of the servers didn't look so happy.  And, I'd like to point out that I believe the GM walked by our table a couple times and surely he should have observed the lack of progression in our meal.  Again, the food was great.  The poor team in the back isn't represented well in the front of the house.  I ordered the steak frites - delicious, my husband had the chicken, and the other couple ordered the mussels and the scallops.  Everything was wonderful.  The cheese plate to top off the meal was beyond delicious.  Just disappointing service that will prevent me from going back there and I really wanted to try the brunch.
4	Been here a number of times over the years, only brunch.  Nice place. Good service, ambiance, etc.  This time on the suggestion of a friend, I got the chicken waffles.  These put Roscoes to shame.Waffles were light and crispy, and savory, chicken was extremely tender, and the mushroom gravy was potent.  This is almost the polar opposite of what Roscoes has become (so so chicken and eggo type waffles)While obviously more $ than Roscoe's (it's close though, since roscoes is kinda pricy), it beats it hands down in the quality.  As for other dishes, well, I think they are good but ok for the price.  Just the Chicken + waffles caught my eye this time.I'd say it's a 4.5, I'd come here again.
3	Unlike the Bouchon in Beverly Hills, the Las Vegas location is open for breakfast.  Located on the 10th floor of the Venetian hotel, Bouchon has a nice dining room.  High ceilings and a brasserie-like feel with the floor, decorations and specials on chalkboard.  Formal table settings with white tablecloth.  I think this Bouchon may also feature outdoor dining.Bouchon's breakfast menu is reasonably priced (given its Las Vegas competition).  Most of their breakfast items run below $20.  You will probably pay anywhere from $12-$16 per dish at Las Vegas cafes and even though the portions would probably be bigger than what you will find at Bouchon, it is very likely that those same cafes would be using lower quality ingredients.I went with the Croque Madame.  The sandwich was a toasted ham and cheese sandwich on brioche that was topped with a sunny side up egg and Mornay sauce.  The sandwich was okay.  It was tasty and filling, but I felt the Croque Madame at Comme Ca was much better.  Comme Ca's sandwich has a great toasted Gruyere cheese crust that is kind of like the cheesy top of baked lasagna.Bouchon's version lacked that cheese top and it made the sandwich feel a little boring (also, the sandwich was a little dry on the edges--kind of like dry toast that has not been buttered).  The Mornay sauce (which Comme Ca's sandwich lacks) was okay, but it did not really do anything to make the sandwich stand out.  The egg was nicely cooked.The french fries were good.  While the fries were good (hot, crisp and flavorful), they do kind of remind me of when you get a really good batch of McDonald's french fries.  Not that that's a bad thing.  McDonald's french fries are quite popular.  The portion of french fries here was very generous.Service was very good.  Good hostess who was very accommodating and observant; also, a very polite and attentive waiter.Las Vegas food is typically overpriced.  This Bouchon, on the other hand, is pretty similar (maybe slightly more expensive) than the Beverly Hills Bouchon.  You could easily eat much worse in Vegas in the same price range.  Because of that, Bouchon (for breakfast or dinner) is probably a good option for dining in Las Vegas even if I did not enjoy the food as much as I hoped.Complimentary parking is available.  I used valet though I think self-parking is also available.
2	Disinterested servers with their noses held high.The Sommelier had a stick shoved so high up his butt he could barely make sense. Insisting we could not bring in a bottle of wine if it was on the wine list. We told him that we had already checked and it was not on their wine list.  He checked (more than once) and couldn't find it on the list. He finally gave in.  The bottle of Lodi Gluttony 2006 Old Vine Zinfandel was the bottle we brought for this occasion. We had every intention of ordering a second bottle from their list. But as it turns out we didn't want to spend any more time at Bouchon than we needed to. It was NOT the way to start a Birthday dinner.... Or any dinner for that matter.     The Food   The scallops were amazing according to my Grandson The sausage (Boudin Blac) ordered by my Grandaughter, didn't seem to impress herSon-In-laws salad nicoise was not what he expected. Seems it was more of a tuna salad on lettuce. But he said it tasted good The Roasted Leg of Lamb was not memorable -literally The beautifully presented Pork chop Delmonico was tasty, but way to tough to chew.The best thing was Son-in-laws first course of a micro greens that seem to have a light sprinkling of a Nutty Gremolata and topped with deep fried calamari rings. I'm having a hard time getting that salad out of my mind. I'll have to try my hand at making it, because I won't be back to Bouchon.Snobbery makes good food taste bad. Sheesh, I can't believe I put on high heels for this.
5	I have eaten in 45 of the 50 states and in 7 different countries.  This was one of the top 3 meals I have ever had in my entire life.  Best service also.  Definitely a MUST in your lifetime along with his other restaurant The French Laundry!
5	Coming back for my 3rd visit to Bouchon was really exciting for me as I had missed out on visiting here on my last trip.  Since I was revisiting a lot of old favorite spots during this trip (Mon Ami Gabi, RM Seafood, Hash House A Go Go, Earl of Sandwich), Bouchon was priority number one on my list!Since I came here on a Monday they didn't have Chicken and Waffles on the menu.  *Sad face*  So for Plan B I settled for my other favorite, their Croque Madame ($19.00).  And once again, I got all giddy when it was presented to me at my table (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=b0fG316wLNRXF8tsv3ck0A).  I don't know if it's because I haven't had it in 2 years, but I liked it even more this time than I did when I first had it.  The runny Egg with the Mornay Sauce just worked so well with the Ham and Cheese on Toasted Brioche.  Coupled together with Bourdain's "best fries ever," it made for a very delicious breakfast!Service once again didn't disappoint as I had a very friendly waiter who checked up on me very frequently during my meal.  Though one thing that was missing was my twisty French bread and jam.  It was okay though since the Croque Madame with Fries was more than enough for my morning meal.Despite the fact that even after three visits here I haven't had dinner yet, I still haven't regretted in choosing to go here for breakfast as it's still a step above all restaurants on the strip.  Hopefully or eventually, I will come back here for a dinner service.  Or I could just come back again for brunch for some Chicken and Waffles!!!
4	Not a great place to come on a diet.The (no bread) tomato soup du jour was delicious if a little salty, and the (no bread) salad with (no bread) goat cheese was good as well.Aside from the gigantic, tempting tray of amazing looking pastries - croissants, beignets filled with jam, almond things, sticky buns, etc., I almost didn't even notice all the things I couldn't have (chicken and waffles, baguette with butter, jam and nutella, croque madam, baguette some more, quiche, more bread and pastries, french toast, sparkling rose . . . . . )  Service was swell.* sigh *
5	One thousand plus reviews later, does Bouchon really need another one? YES! Because it is THAT awesome. Chicken and waffles, croque madame, french toast, raspberry beignets, it was all AWESOME.
1	Went here for breakfast. Not sure what was worse, the meal or the service.
3	ok really what is the big hype?  maybe after days and days of eating extremely spectacular food this place just can't compare?  or maybe i came on an off night?  i just really wasn't impressed and i really wanted to be.  food was alright, quality ok, but nothing mind blowingly WOW.  i was a bit disappointed by the food here... especially since i love their baked goods.  silver lining in the cloud, the fries that came with the steak were delicious!
4	The entrees were amazing, Gnocchi was ridiculously rich and pan fried, steak was delcious. Scallop appetizer was very fresh but the citrus poaching lacked flavor. Food is close to 5 stars but the service... I'm going to be snobilicioius here and say that the hostess nor waitress could pronouce my fairly common french last name correctly and the waitress could not pronounce the menu items correctly (all in french). Lame
3	The previous 1100 reviewers have said it all, but nonetheless, I'll throw in my two cents & a few pics. I like to feel that I'm contributing. Brunch at Bouchon. Saturday, 1:15 pm, there was hardly a wait. We shared: -- chicken & waffles ($25): fancier & pricier, but in terms of taste, does not hold a candle to my beloved Roscoe's (yes, I said it & I'm not ashamed!) The two components tasted like two separate dishes on one plate. The roasted chicken was delicious w/ the gravy & the bacon-chive waffle was good w/ the maple syrup, but put it all together & it was just a hot mess; it didn't belong together. I didn't know if I was eating breakfast or dinner. I did not dig TK's version of chicken & waffles. -- corned beef hash ($18): i like how they used cubes of corned beef instead of shredded corned beef; it matched the size & shape of the potatoes. A little greasy, but very flavorful & hearty. Topped with an egg (I chose soft scrambled.)-- tartine au thon ($17, tuna): open-face sandwich, tuna was very lemony. I'm not a tuna fan, but my taste buds agreed with this dish. Fries were crispy & well salted.Foodies (I don't consider myself to be one) put Bouchon & Thomas Keller on a pedestal, but honestly, I've had much better brunch food elsewhere.
3	The food was excellent, but service atrocious.  One of the orders took literally 60 minutes before the waitstaff realized that it had been forgotten.  We had watched the order that we had made pass our table several times to other tables that had been seated after us.  It was most unsettling.Still, they removed several charges from our bill, and made strong apologetic noises.Bread, fantastic.  Pastries, unbelievable.  Cocktails were alright.Decor was open and airy, and very appropriately light.Still, the service was sluggish and left a rather bad impression.  I'll need to make another visit some day.
5	Pastries and breakfast here is unreal. Our waiter was someone i knew from Hawaii so of course we had first class service. Personal favorite is the corned beef hash. Banana nut muffin and an apple turnover was all i could handle this time around.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. It's located in the Venetian I believe on the 10th floor.  I can't remember.  The pasta dishes are exquisite.  The service is great and you can really tell that folks love their job and the food quality is impeccable.  I would eat here every day if I was not worried about weight.  I need a tape worm.
4	When I think of Paris I think of great food and wine. So when we went to Bouchon I had to go with a classic  -  Steak Frites and a nice red to wash it down.The room decor was classic Paris, not over done with a nice open feel.  The steak was a filet cut, well seasoned, and cooked perfectly at medium rare. The shoe string fries were crunchy and plentiful.The service was good with only a couple glitches. One it took forever to get a steak knife. The other was it took a while to get my wine.  However, I do take part of the blame having steak and wine at 10AM with the morning staff in full waffles, eggs, coffee, and juice mode.  It is Vegas though and I've got to keep them on their toes because I'm sure that's not the strangest request of the day!
2	I'm sad to report that Bouchon didn't amaze me...at all.  I was so excited to eat brunch here because of all the hype (and I can't afford French Laundry).  But, I was pretty much disappointed in everything we ordered!  The special of the day - eggs cooked with steak, over a puff-pastry -  was bland.  The puff pastry had a nice crunch but there was too much puff and not enough of the substantial part of the dish.  Both the open-face tuna sandwich and the frites it came with were overly salty.  Also, the bread the sandwich came with was too hard...maybe even stale.  Maybe we should have ordered the chicken and waffles.  I dunno.  Overall, meh.
2	My friend and I went here during a destination wedding weekend. I did my restaurant research before arrive so was really excited about eating here. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed. We both ordered the Breakfast American for $22 (3 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and sausage). Neither one of us eat meat so we substituted fruit for the sausage.  We also ordered coffee and orange juice. The drinks were just OK, nothing special. The OJ was fresh squeezed but it tasted like they old.  There was also no pulp in the glass to let you know it was fresh squeezed. As it turns out, I didn't like any of the coffee in Vegas or any other drinks made with water. So my guess it was my taste buds and not the coffee.    They brought the pastry basket pretty quickly. The pastries were fine, again nothing special. When the eggs came they were not as we ordered. I ordered scrambled soft, my friend ordered scrambled hard. When they came out they were exactly the same. All in all it was a disappointing, expensive meal.   The service was also fine, nothing special (not that I expect that for breakfast).I'd like to check out the Yountville Bouchon for dinner, but I won't be visiting this location. Save your self for a better experience and go to the Hash House.
4	Great lunch/brunch spot at the Venetian. Kinda neat because it's a little bit hidden. The restaurant (very open, high ceilings and huge windows with lots of light) is so much larger than the Bouchon in Yountville, which is actually very nice without being too large. Unfortunately, the chicken and waffle was slightly dry and did not live up to expectations (was expecting Ad Hoc juicy and flavorful chicken). The corned beef hash was pretty good and very meaty. Coffee was quite good. Overall, good brunch and better than the average Vegas restaurant.
5	Since there are so many reviews I don't think it's necessary to write too much, but this was hands down the best meal my husband and I ever had in our lives. The quality of food and service was absolutely impeccable. We ate in the lounge on Christmas Eve and had the meal of our lives. I had the best salmon I've ever tasted (along with incredibly succulent brussel sprouts), and my husband had the best steak (frites) we've ever tasted as well. Even the bread served before the meal tasted decadent and baked to crusty perfection. Overall, the food (and experience) was absolutely, positively perfect.
5	This was my first visit to any of Thomas Keller's restaurants and I can't wait to try the others. We had to catch a show so we ate an early dinner right when they opened at 5pm. It seems like a lot of people also go here from brunch, so I can't wait to try that next time! He ordered the special artichoke appetizer and the chicken. The artichoke hearts were lightly breaded and fried. The batter was very light and was not oily at all. There was a pimentel aioli to dip and tiny slivers of olives as well. The watercress on the top was a nice touch too. The chicken was probably the best roast chicken we've ever had. The skin was crispy and the meat was extremely juicy. The jus was so flavorful and I could not resist dipping my bread into it! The server informed us that the chicken was in a brine and then left to rest for 24 hours before being roasted. It was served over Having eaten a late lunch only a couple hours before, I ordered the house salad and the special crab appetizer (so adventurous, I know). I wish I ordered more, but did not want to feel the guilt of wasting food that took so long and so much care to prepare. The house salad was full of fresh mixed greens, topped with a round of herb goat cheese, and tossed with a red wine vinaigrette with shallots. It was amazingly light and very generously portioned. The crab appetizer was a cold platter with a large claw and leg. It was served with lemon and 3 sauces, 2 of which we were sure were the same. They tasted almost exactly the same. One was a mustard and the other was your typical marinara sauce. The dessert was the absolute best part of the meal. It was the special of the day. The bottom layer was Thomas Keller's own "oreo cookie", topped with a mint-infused bavarian cream full of chocolate crunch balls. Then there was some sort of sponge-like layer over the whole thing. It was to die for. There was a mint streak on the plate and a double chocolate ice cream as well. This was a euphoric moment to have this with a cup of strong black coffee.
4	This place is great. we didn't go for dinner cuz it was a bit too pricey. But we went for their express menu. It was alright. Wish we could have splurged on dinner though. We got the ham and cheese and the smoked salmon and an order of fries. Expensive for what it was but still good.
5	I'm in love! I'm super thankful for the awesome Bouchon staff that was able to accommodate me for a quick and delicious Sunday Brunch before I left Vegas on a jet plane.I told the host that I needed to be quickly seated and out of the Restaurant in less than 50 minutes. The host told me that I could immediately be seated at the bar, which I found my way just fine. The server was extra attentive to my needs and understood the immediacy of my visit. He recommended a few dishes and even the Manager (so i think it was) came to the table to let me know that their French Toast could be made immediately. I decided to take my chances on time and go with the Salmon Baguette and the Yogurt Parfait. They also served a complimentary twisty bread with jam and butter. Mmm...! Everything was so neatly displayed and delicious. Don't you just LOVE brunch time?Anyway, to keep it short, Bouchon was fab and the service was exceptional! They even bumped my order to the top of the list to get me out of the Restaurant on time. I will definitely visit Bouchon again try out other items from their menu without having to be in a rush.Je t'aime Bouchon. Je t'aime.
4	Four star food at a three star price.  If you are in Vegas, it's a must for brunch.  Highlight: all things baked and the chicken and waffles.
4	Entree was definitely not hot enough but otherwise everything was very yummy. If you're ordering the steak, I suggest Lux Cafe downstairs instead.
4	Happening brunch spot tucked away in some wing of the massive Venetian hotel.  Coffee here is excellent; both drip and espresso, didn't get a chance to try the French Press but I can't imagine it would be worse!  Was only a 20 minute wait for a party of 4.  Mango Bloody Mary was really good; and the jam and butter and baguettes are delish.  Had the croque madame, which was really good but the toast was a little on the well-done side.  Atmosphere a little noisy, but other than that pretty solid food, good drinks, and good coffee.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat breakfast, in Vegas or anywhere else.  The waffles with fresh fruit are awesome, and the french toast is unique and tasty.  Their pastries are all very good as well.  The service is prompt and courteous, from the front desk to the servers and bus boys.  There can be a wait at times, but there is a nice seating area to spend your time.  It is reasonably priced for Vegas restaurants, and definitely worth checking out.
3	This review is for dinner.Service: average, no difference than other place that's the same level.Food: below average for the price they charge. I ordered Lamp and my fiance ordered scallop. Both are very so so...Environment: Above average. They are inside Venetian, not as noisy other restaurant in Vegas.
3	This place was just A-okThe oysters gave me a little stomachache the next day, but i guess that happens once in awhile when you take a chance with raw food, so that's alright ^_^ That won't keep me away from oysters!The salmon (don't really remember the name), but it comes in a jar and it has been preserved and was served with toasted baguettes. This was the highlight of the evening. It was super different and mild but with the smoky after taste. Absolutely wonderful.My bf's trout was just wayyyyyy too buttery! the first bite was super but a couple bites after that pretty much went down hill. It was so rich that it made me and my bf sick to our stomach. Really hard to get it down.My pork chop was good but the pork was a little tough and I've definitely had better pork chop. NOPA in SF gets it right when it comes to pork chop.After looking at the dessert menu, we decided to just say "pass" cuz it was nothing out of the ordinary.So this place is a 3 and no more.
4	I came here for brunch on my last Vegas trip since I've heard so much about it. It did not disappoint! We did wake up kind of late that Sunday so there was a bit of a wait. They said it would be an hour but the queue moved pretty quickly and we were seated in half an hour. I had the croque madame and bf had the americaine. Both meals were equally delicious. One thing I have to note is that I was expecting smaller portions. My croque madame came with a gigantic pile of fries. I barely made a dent into my plate. Bouchon does brunch pretty well in my opinion.The one stand out feature: beignets. I LOVE beignets. I have yet to find some place close to home that serves beignets so when I saw them on the menu, I had to try them. They don't look or taste like traditional southern beignets but they are so so delicious. I could have done without my actual entree and just had plates of their beignets. Something you should try when you swing by this place.The service here is also amazing! I don't think any of my glasses managed to reach the half way mark since they were constantly refilled by any and everyone. Everyone was so friendly and answered any questions we had. To sum it up, I had a wonderful experience here. It has secured a spot on my to-do list every time I go to Vegas.
5	One of the best meals I've ever enjoyed was at Bouchon.  Thank you  Thomas Keller.  I've actually been here twice for dinner, and both times far exceeded my expectations.  I've enjoyed their roasted leg of lamb which was extremely well prepared.  But their steak frites is out of this world!  Perfectly seared outside, and soft, tender inside.  Bursting with flavor.  And the fries are insane!  They may be the very best fries I've ever had.  The nice crunch and salty seasoning.  They give you a ton of them too, which is great.  Bouchon has a really fun bistro atmosphere.  Their bar in the front is really cool, showcasing their fresh fish.  I've heard so many good things about their breakfast, this may be something I need to experience on a future trip.  But for now, Bouchon remains a top spot on list for Vegas.
5	I don't even know where to start with this.  I came to Bouchon for brunch on Sunday and was quite pleased by the food, service, and the in between of it all.  Our server was very attentive, checking in on us quite often and beating us to the punch when it came to refilling drinks and even getting us things we didn't even think we needed.The food we ordered was also super wonderful.  We had ordered the sourdough waffles, the omelet du jour, and the mussels with fries and everything was sooooo good!  It was hard deciding what to get and I'm pretty sure that if we did order something else, it would have been equally as delicious and wonderful.  I wish I lived in Vegas just so I could go here again and again!
3	Food was good but not really worth the price in my opinion.  Nothing compared to Mon Ami Gabi.  Service started out beyond poor.  My friend asked the hostess how much longer it would be before they sat us and she actually responded "you checked in at 12 and we told you 20 minutes.  Has it been 20 minutes yet?"  Really???  I've never heard anyone in the service industry respond to a question w/ such insulting sarcasm.  Our server on the other hand made up for that horrible initial incident.  He made some great recommendations and took care of all our needs.  The food took a long time and we got comped some fries for waiting.  As for food, here are my 2 cents.- Garlic sausage appetizer: Amazing!  Tender and savory.-Chicken & waffles: The roasted chicken compared to your usual fried chicken gave it a more sweet taste so when you add the maple syrup & waffle, it was a little too sweet.  Waffles were good on their own since they had little pieces of bacon & chives.-Quiche du jour: Thick & fluffy egg custard.  Delish!Came here since I saw all the great reviews but really just thought it was ok.  Not phenomenal and a little too pricey for the quality.
3	Came to have brunch with friend but they only have that at the weekend. The breakfast was very delicious. We ordered Salmon Bougette and Breakfast combo. Both are fresh and tasty. I truly felt the secret of French food: butter.  The waiter was very attentive but I don't feel the warmness. When I asked initially what he would recommend, he said everything is good which doesn't help with a first timer.I really like the decor of the restaurand and the window overlook the pool at 10th floor.
4	Dude... Bouchon is just so yummy... I had to share that fact again. Had the beignets again... (spelled correctly this time) and they were just heavenly. This time they had the "spice" ones... they are just so good. My omelette was boring... but that was my bad. The chicken and waffles my buddy had were delicious. I really just love going to this place!
4	Dessert for breakfast!!I had the apple French toast this time around and it was delicious - a syrupy soaked tower,  bread pudding style, layered with baked apples and garnished with fresh slices of apple.  I wish I could've had a scoop of vanilla ice cream with it.The winner is still the croque madame though - buttery, cheesy,topped with a perfectly done egg.Really attentive service too - impeccable timing.
5	In love with this place !!! Service are awesome ! Food are also awesome !! I order the pastry basket and chicken and waffle for brunch, stuffed!! My coffee is bottomless !! I'll definitely will visit again!!
4	Steak Frites. Can't go wrong w/ that. It was really yums! The fries could be a bit more soggy as in more steak juice!! but other than that I can't complain.The beignets were good too! These are evil lil fried goodies and I do  not regret one bite.Also had the Sturgeon which is the special of the day and I thought it was just ok.  The sauce that they made was quite flavorful, but it was really not my thing. Wish I had room to try their mac n cheese. Maybe I need to come back w/ more people so I can try more things off their menu!
5	Went for breakfast with my family, and it was fantastic.  Everything from the coffee and OJ on was high quality and done right.  Among us wen had-pain au chocolat, flakey and perfect-potatoes lyonaisse, crisp outside and tender in-quiche florentine, loaded with spinach, but held together and still rich with egg and a flakey crust, and great salad.-sourdough waffles with pecans, bananas and vanilla bean butter, crispy outside, tender inside, perfect.-brioche, custard, apple "french toast" bread pudding style, fantastic.We all loved it.
5	This was my one and only real meal in Vegas during an intense weekend outing. Even though I felt extremely sick during my meal, I still really liked it (I love food in general)!! We went for "brunch" at noon and left at 3pm!I got chicken and waffles. It's not a great thing to get when you're hung-over but it really is delicious. Its a little heavy (the gravy you pour on the chicken is heavy) and the waffles have little salty pieces of bacon on it, but it is DELICIOUS. I especially like the combo flavor of sweet syrup and salty chicken. The chicken was also super tender, probably some of the most tender I've ever had...I tried my friend's croque madame and it was DELICIOUS as well. The brioche bread was buttery and delicious and the ham was a good salty contrast. The french fries were amazing as well (probably some of the best fries I've ever had).I got a chocolate croissant which was amazing (honestly everything was amazing) and the bread they serve you is great too. Desert was even better! We got 7 deserts and I think I tried all of them. The best were a creme puff / ice cream pastry thingy, chocolate cake thingies (so good!!), and the lemon tart. The flan was good, but i didnt have a lot. I didnt like the custard that much.This meal was amazing AND I was feeling realy sick (so this should underscore how amazing the meal was). I honestly wish I felt better so I could have enjoyed it more. Must come back!!
5	Service - 5 stars! We came here this past weekend for a friends birthday. We were a party of 11 - came in around 1pm on a Saturday and left at 330pm, but only ended up waiting around 20 minutes without reservation for brunch. Food - I shared a chocolate croissant with a friend as appetizer (with side of grapefruit juice), and got the Croque Madame (which was absolutely amazing with the sunny side up eggs!). I'm already a huge fan of french fries as well, but these were extra delicious! My friend ordered the chicken & waffles - VERY heavy for a brunch (especially if you're feeling a little hung over given the gravy and other sauces), but otherwise super savory!We also ordered the dessert platter (ordered 6 of the 7 desserts) they had on the menu. My two favorites were the bonbon (ice cream cream puff-like) and the creme brulee!!!! My least favorite were the the flan (it was kind of bland in my opinion) and the custard cake (also very nothing atypical).Again - service was SUPERB. I would definitely come back here on my next Vegas trip!
5	I had the Steak Frites, and my GF had the Porkchop. Wow, Amazing meal, the steak was like butter.Staff was funny and easy going.Expensive but I would definitely come here again.
3	Went there for pre-Valentines day dinner. The place is very nice and unpretentious considering it is in Vegas. cool Menu design. We ordered half a dozen oysters for appetizer. It was fresh but nothing spectacular. I had the Duck breast which was a little over sauced but otherwise OK. The scallops were also pretty decent. Wine list could use some variety. Service 4/5Value 3/5Food 3.5/5
4	Thanks Thomas Keller for the amazing dining experience! Decided to do Valentine's Day early this year with the lady. Where to start of with this place..#1 The butter was simply amazing. I didn't ask, but I would've believed them if they told me the butter was freshly churned. We started off with the beignets, and frites. My God, these beignets were simply delightful. Gorgeously fried, with an amazing filling, and the fries were delish! Ask for a side of the roasted garlic aioli, and ketchup! The aioli was perfect compliment to the fries. I had the trout, and the GF had the scallops. Simply amazing! Trout was filled with a cauliflower and garlic crouton stuffing broiled to perfection. The scallops were amazing. Perfect, juicy, and tender. We shared a side of brussel sprouts that were sauteed and broiled in pancheta and olive oil.Drank Paul Bara all through out the night.If you don't order booze, your wallet wont be too overly busted!
5	Bread and butter-- 2 thumbs up!Trout with fennel puree and garden vegg-- fabulous! Lightly-flavored, slightly creamy and soft-textured. One of those things that you can just eat and eat and not feel grossly full. Gnocchi a la Parisienne-- thoroughly enjoyed the toasted exterior of the gnocchi (which was sauteed first i think); no real sauce, just paired with sauteed beets, herbs, and goat cheese. Great combination of flavors. Classy spread, impeccable service.
4	We were gonna go for the Wynn brunch buffet but the 1.5-2 hour wait didn't seem worth it.. so we came here and THANK GOD WE DID. Bill for more food than we could finish was actually less than what we would have paid for the Wynn buffet, and super reasonable for  deliciousThomas Keller fare.First off, the cute baguette and butter/jam. Fresh and crunchy and soft and warm and that butter was amazing. Boyf got the BREAKFAST AMERICAIN (eggs, bacon, sausage, brioche toast), simple but very good. Came with coffee, juice (he got grapefruit for me!), and a choice of pastry. We chose the PECAN ROLL, which was surprisingly light and flaky and not overly sweet. We got a side of POMMES FRITES too and they were great. My TRUITE GRENOBLOISE (pan-roasted trout w/cauliflower florets, sultanas, toasted brioche, truffle cauliflower puree) was devastatingly flavorful and perfectly cooked.The restaurant is tucked away on the 10th floor of the Venetian, so unlike most Vegas hotel restaurants, it has huge windows and is away from the craziness.Only negatives was that the trout came with a lot of bones and we had to wait 30 mins for Saturday brunch for a table.. and I would have happily sat at one of the many empty hightops if I was told that was an option. They're well-staffed but not very friendly.
4	I heard this place had a great Sunday brunch but we came on a weekday for breakfast.  I only ordered a pain au chocolat and tea and my bf ordered a breakfast entree.  He said it was one of the best breakfasts ever. My crossiant was very good. Extra flaky!  We come back for more next time!
5	The breakfast I had at Bouchon is one that still makes my mouth water at the thought. My wife and I started off with a pastry selection of almond brioche, apple cinnamon croissant, cream cheese danish and chocolate almond danish. The apple cinnamon croissant was the special of the day and was the winner hands down. The baker split the croissant and placed sliced apples topped with a cinnamon sugar crumble and baked the pastry to a toasted consistency. Absolutely amazing! The cream cheese danish was a flaky pastry shaped similar to a cupcake and filled with a cream cheese filling. Again, absolutely amazing. I thought we had seen the highlight of breakfast with the pastry's and the meal would be just an afterthought. I was wrong. I had the bread pudding style French toast. The moist bread mixture separated by caramelized apples topped with maple syrup was out of this world! My wife went with the croque madame which was grilled ham and cheese on brioche topped with mornay sauce and a sunny side up egg. This sandwich was warm, rich and delicious. I recommend any breakfast fans to try this one of a kind breakfast, I believe you will not regret it.
5	Sharp, knowledgeable, helpful waiters.  Amazing quality food considering the price.  You can end up going to Jerry's Deli (in LA), getting horrible quality food, and spending the same amount of money as Bouchon.  A great experience overall.
3	There weren't too many veg-friendly options, so I ordered the sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  And they tasted like waffles.  Expensive waffles.  My bf had the salmon tartar special to start, followed by the croque madame.  He said both were ok, the highlight being the brioche.People must really like to shell out top dollar for Thomas Keller food, b/c this place was packed and loud.  Short on time, we managed to avoid the 60-minute wait time for a table by stealing two places at the bar.  The bartender was pleasant, but clearly too busy.  I felt like I was bothering her more than anything.  And being constantly bumped and prodded by other waiting patrons didn't exactly help me enjoy my overpriced waffles.I think Bouchon is good but overrated.  If you're craving french faire in Las Vegas, I suggest heading over to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris.  Same decor, same food, better views, better service, lower prices.
4	Came here to start and end my trip.They are open for lunch on a weekday, but its a lighter fare. The menu was pretty limited to various soups, salads, and sandwiches. I got the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato bisque soup. The portion was just right and it really hit the spot and filled me up, though probably too small for people with huge appetites.When I came for brunch a few days later, I had the bouchon french toast and the pomme frites. I really loved the jam they served with the bread. Very fruity and soft and jellylike. The frites order was huge and we couldn't finish it between the 3 of us. We barely made a dent in it before our food was served. The french toast looks small, but it packed a heavy punch because it was soaked with syrup. Mmm.Service was attentive. I had to dock a star because we waited more than we had to. We went up and asked how much longer and they said they looked for us but couldn't find us (3 table seatings ago). Yeah sure, we were in the sitting area and didn't hear them call us at all.Great food. Good service. Not the best hosting.
5	I love this!My boyfriend and I came here for dinner.We ordered steak which was incredibly delicious and meaty!Everyone there looked really nice including the diners and the waiters. We had a great experience here. Loved the food, the atmosphere, and the service.The oysters were amazing!!! I felt like swimming in the ocean while they were melting in my  mouth. YUM!!Oh! also I had the bouchon martini and it tasted like straight vodka. If you can't take the alcohol, I recommend you don't order it. I was a little buzzed after the dinner. Loved it. Loved. It.
5	Had a great business dinner. Beautiful restaurant, delicious food, attentive service.  Highly recommended.  The bistro fare is excellent, as are the more sophisticated dishes.  Desserts are wonderful, profiteroles and creme brule are outstanding.
4	Had breakfast here awhile ago but I remember the meal like it was yesterday.   We ordered the trout and their famous chicken and waffles.  Both entres delicious.  I was never a trout fan until then.  It was beautifully presented and the fish was so fresh.  My mouth is watering just thinking of it.  Bouchon never fails to impress.
4	***Bouchon's brunch is a good and not-too-expensive alternative to Vegas' breakfast buffets and their chicken and waffles is a good place to start***This Bouchon location at The Venetian is open for breakfast Monday thru Friday, dinner nightly and brunch on the weekends.  I believe the Beverly Hills location is just open for lunch and dinner so it made sense to give this Vegas spot a try for a nice brunch.Bouchon is located on the tenth floor of the hotel.  They seem to have three dining areas--a classic indoor brasserie, outdoor dining and a private room for private parties and larger groups (which is where we dined on this visit).  I haven't been to their outdoor dining area, but the private room lacks the classic French brasserie feel of the main dining area.  The tables though are still nice (white table cloth) and the seating is comfortable.For brunch, they started us off with a complimentary epi baguette that was served with butter and a smooth/thick cherry jam.  The epi baguette (a wheat stalk shaped bread where you rip off individual baguettes) was good.  The bread's crust was good and distinct while the center had a good chew to it.  The butter spread easily and the jam was flavorful.I went with their signature roasted chicken and bacon and chive waffles.  The roasted chicken was very good.  It was a half chicken.  The breast was tender and moist.  The skin had a great flavor and was nicely crispy.  The thigh and leg had much more flavorful meat as well as crispy skin (not too greasy or fatty either).They served the chicken with a Sauce Chasseur.  The chicken was very flavorful and did not need it, but the sauce was a great accompaniment.  The sauce was similar to a brown gravy and was very flavorful.  The sauce had a good white wine taste to it and there were chunks of good veggies in it including mushrooms, carrots and onions.The bacon and chive waffle was fluffy.  It was an interesting flavor combination.  First, you taste the vanilla (they used a good amount of it in the waffle).  Then you get the crispy and savory bacon taste.  Then you get the onion-like chive taste.  The waffle was garnished with a creamy Tahitian vanilla butter and maple syrup.  I am not sure if the flavor combination would be for everyone, but I liked the waffle.I also had some of the bacon a la carte and it was pretty good.  Flavorful and crisp though maybe not as good as some of the premium bacon out there (like the Niman Ranch bacon they serve at Huckleberry).Service was good.  The waiter was friendly, polite and attentive.  The rest of the staff was attentive too.  Food came out an okay pace (maybe slightly slower than we would have liked).  Still, despite being a large party, all the food came out at about the same time.For brunch, pricing was high here, but then pricing is high at a lot of Vegas restaurants.  Entrees run anywhere from about $15 to $25 here.  The good thing is that portions on most of the dishes are big enough that you do not have to supplement your order with any sides or pastries (they were providing a complimentary coffee cake-like dish in the waiting area and it was good).This was my second visit to the Las Vegas Bouchon.  I've also been to the Beverly Hills one.  The roasted chicken and waffles was the best thing I've had here at either location and I would most likely come back here again for brunch if I was in Vegas for the weekend.  Service and food have been decent enough on both visits that I would also consider them for dinner.There is a free parking structure at The Venetian.  The free parking structure has elevators that conveniently take you to the Bouchon restaurant without having to walk through the casino.
4	I like this place enough to revisit.I had the American Breakfast with a pecan sticky bunn. My husband had the Sourdough Waffles, Our cousins had the french toast, chicken and waffles. Everyone enjoyed their food and the cherry jam that was complimentary with the bread. Lastly, we had the beignets, which look more like donuts and tasted closer to a churro served with hazelnut chocolate and a cherry like chutney or jam.The service was good as well.
4	On the 10th floor of The Venetian, there is a gorgeous French bistro with lofted ceilings, delectable food and impeccable service. Apparently some guy named Thomas Keller put this whole thing together. He seems to know what he's doing.Everything impresses from the start. The martinis are perfect, the bread is fluffy and plentiful, and the pistachios a pleasant surprise. We started with the impossibly rich pate, and an equally decadent goat cheese salad. The sizable appetizer portions left us too full to finish the tender, meaty lamb shank special (served atop mushrooms, greens and a buttery potato puree) and the curiously crispy gnocchi accompanied by endive, Kalamata olives and even more goat cheese. (Both dishes were nearly as appetizing the next day, but the presentation was far better at the restaurant than crushed together out of a mini-fridge at 5 am.)Did I mention this dinner was FREE?* And even better, they hand out free beer as you sit on the bench outside the restaurant, clutching your painfully full stomach. Wait, that might not be standard, actually. But some drunks did wander by and give me some of their Bud Light.___________*Well, free for me at least. Although Bouchon is not cheap by any means, it is surprisingly on the affordable end of celebrity chef restaurants in Vegas...so when the lady took the check, I put up little resistance. Because I'm a gentleman.
5	I had dinner here and it's simply amazing. From the decor, the baked goods, down to the service, everything was very well put together. It's a really fancy place, so I suggest dressing up would be appropriate.Their most popular dish here was the porkchops, so I ordered that. It was super tender, moist, and very flavorful! Came with brussel sprouts and poached pears. yummy.Their mango sorbet was also very good. They give you 2 scoops of it as a dessert entree. The price is very reasonable, and if you're with good company, this will be an overall great experience!
5	Judging from the hundreds of glowing reviews here, you don't need me to tell you that this place is awesome, but I will anyway. I was recently in Vegas to celebrate my birthday, and decided this would be the best way to start my actual day of birth. So we showed up (kind of on the late side for brunch) and put our name on the list. Though the host said it would take us 50 minutes to be seated, we were seated in more like 10-15. (Yes, he said 50. Not 15. I checked.) Nice surprise!After inspecting the menu, we had to go with some of the more famous brunch dishes on the menu. My boyfriend chose the chicken and waffles, and I went with the mussels and frites. We also couldn't resist the salmon tartare appetizer that was on special that day.First off was the salmon and a couple of mimosas. Both were extremely tasty. The salmon was super fresh, and served with bits of egg, red onion, capers, along with a bit of toasted bread. My only complaints was that we didn't get quite enough toast to eat everything and the small pieces of eggs and such were kind of difficult to get on the bread. The taste was fantastic, though.Then came the main courses, and they were as good as everyone says. The mussels were a nice variation on the usual preparation, as the mustard in the sauce gave it the kick that it needed. The fries were nicely crisp and perfectly seasoned, definitely in the top five of best fries I've ever had. And the chicken and waffles? I got to try a bit, and it was amazing. The waffle was nice and fluffy, with bits of bacon and chives in there. And they serve it with roasted chicken that was perfectly cooked. Perhaps most surprising were the portion sizes, which were enormous. I wasn't particularly hungry for the rest of the day.The service was top notch and the atmosphere was nice and laid back. A+++. Would brunch again.
5	Absolutely fantastic! First visited Bouchon in Yountville four years ago and was counting the days until I might return.  My second visit was as good as I remember. Salmon rillette is rich, creamy and wonderful. The trout was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. My husband had the steak frites....crisp fries with a nice sprinkling of salt. And the service was outstanding, making our visit that much better. Cannot wait to return!
5	I was on crack or something last time I rated this place.  You can't get this quality of food in Vegas at these prices anywhere else.  It's not cheap but for this quality it's a very nice deal.If you come for breakfast get their chicken and waffles.  The waffles are just ridiculously good.  Yeah it's probably their most profitable item but who cares?  You don't have that waffle recipe so you're gonna have to bite the bullet.Anything braised/sous vide is awesome-o.  Desserts not quite as good since the last pastry chef (Chris) left but still pretty darn good.
4	Located in the Venetian hotel - this restaurant was the best I've experienced so far on the strip.  While service was a bit off this night it was still great.Our table was comprised of 5 people all of which were professional foodies.  No watching the Food Channel does not make most of you on here a foodie.  We work in the hotel food and beverage business.  We do know what we are doing.The French onion soup was outstanding.  Not salty with just the right balance of stock, broth and cheese.  Most of us had steaks.  I had the Steak Bouchon - NY Strip cooked perfectly.  The price was $45 but appropriate for a French dining experience.  It included Yukon Gold potatoes and Broccolini.  I am unsure if the steaks were USDA Prime.  It was not listed on the menu so I will have to assume USDA Choice.  We did not experience dessert, but the after dinner coffee was awesome.  I had decaf due to the hour of the evening and it was full of flavor.  Atmosphere was upscale and well thought out down to how the servers tie the knot on their apron.  I thought the menu as a napkin ring was a great idea!   Come casual in your nice jeans and a jacket or a suit and tie.
4	So I had Breakfast here, and sometimes in Vegas, besides the buffets, a great breakfast is a hard thing to come by. This Breakfast was spectacular. My boyfriend and I both had the Donuts with Chocolate sauce, naughty and delicious! And then we had the Corned Beef Hash, homemade and delicious! I would suggest this place to anyone, ideal location on the strip!
5	WOW! Went here for my birthday dinner this year and never felt more like a princess. We made a reservation via opentable.com and arrived early. The entrance through the Venetian was a treat! Just spectacular decor inside the restaurant as well, I just couldn't help taking a picture or two. True to its French roots, the interior is antiqued tile, wood and brass. Chalkboard specials and paper menus made the interior warm and approachable. Greeted by a very friendly wait staff, we waited for our table at the bar, where I had one very amazing cocktail. My boyfriend sampled what he called the "best manhattan in Las Vegas." Russell was our waiter and he was so kind and made everything on the menu sound decadent (which i'm positive it is). Highly recommend the Cotelette de Porc (pork chop) and the Coquilles St. Jacques Poeles (scallops), but what blew us away was the Salmon Rillettes appetizer. I could have licked the container! I really can't think of a better experience. You can be sure that I'll be back again next time I'm in Vegas. I also can't wait to try the Yountville location. Maybe someday I'll make it to French Laundry. I'm sure it'll be a religious-type of experience. For quality French cuisine, with attention to detail and a friendly, approachable staff, and affordable prices, look no further!Thank you Bouchon for a very happy 27th!
3	We went to Bouchon with 6 friends for brunch on a Sunday. We were forced to wait for 40 minutes, even though there were several open tables....as we walked in when we were finally seated. Maybe they had trouble seating a group of 8 or maybe they like to give the impression of being really busy to potential customers that walk by.?.I had the fresh fruit, oatmeal with cinnamon apples, and some of my wife's chicken & waffles. They were all pretty good. The bread and jam given to us was.......mediocre. The bread was really hard, which made it difficult to chew. The strawberry jam was like any jam you could buy at a regular grocery store.Bouchon is expensive and for me...not worth it. They automatically charged us a 20% gratuity! For just me & my wife, we spent a total of $55 for breakfast...with no beverages. OUCH!!! My wife did love this place so I'll give them an extra star....raising them to 3.
3	It's a shame I didn't catch his name, but one of the bartenders there (middle-aged man with a mustache) singlehandedly saved this review from otherwise being two stars. He was sooo nice and came to chat with us as we were waiting in the lounge, and after he heard my friend say she had a stomachache, he came out and surprised us with a concoction he mixed that he promised would cure her queasiness (PS: it worked!) But back to the review, I really wasn't impressed with this place. Our waitress was very knowledgeable, friendly, and down to earth, but the service was just not good. We waited over an hour for our entrees to arrive and other than the oysters (which I didn't have, but heard they were Amazing with a capital A), no one else seemed blown away by their food.
5	Another success for Thomas Keller.  Located on the quieter back side of the Venetian, this large French restaurant is great for lunch or dinner, but the best for Sunday brunch.  It gets busy quick so either come early or be prepared to wait. There is fresh seafood that greets you behind the host's platform.  I suggest a dozen oysters and a spicy bloody mary to get things started.  Almost everything on the menu is delicious, and they always have a few specials including an omlette/egg dish.  If you have room at the end, have some french press coffee and the beignets.  This is my recipe for happiness.  Oh yeah, finish by waddling back to your room, having some afternoon nookie (optional), and then taking a fat ass nap.  Life is good.
4	I went to Bouchon for dinner a few years ago and remember not being very impressed but my recent visit to Bouchon for brunch was enjoyable and memorable. They serve brunch until 2 p.m but do not accept reservations.  We arrived on a Sunday at 12:30 p.m. and waited approximately 30 minutes. For starters, we ordered the beignets which was served with a duo of nutella and rasberry spreads.  The beignets were delicious -- warm, covered with sugar, soft on the inside and perfectly crispy on the outside.I had the corned beef hash with two eggs which was really good.  The croque madame, which is essentially a ham and cheese brioche with a fried egg, was hearty but good as well.  Of course, brunch is never complete with a mimosa. :)I'm a fan!
5	My breakfast at Bouchon was phenomenal, it was perfection and then some.  I ordered the Sourdough waffles which had bananas and toasted walnuts, and my friend ordered the Bouchon french toast.  The presentation of the meals was gorgeous and just added to the ambiance of the restaurant.  The service was also on point, we really felt that we were being treated like royalty.  The waiter spoke of chicken with waffles, which is one of their specials, I would love to try that next time I dine at Bouchon.  And you can bet money on it that there will be a next time  :)
5	This is one of the few restaurants with high quality food at reasonable prices. I came here with my husband and he ordered the steak frites ($36.50) which he really enjoyed. and OMG, the fries, I'm not kidding, are so good. I had the foie gras with toasted baguette ($49). It was sooo good but way too much. Five ounces of foie gras?! I'd wish they offer it in a smaller size. I really like this place, we're planning to go back the next time we're in sin city.
5	I've been here several times and everything here is always perfect. From the wait service to the quality of the food. The butter here is simply amazing. I ordered the Boudin Blanc while my husband ordered the chicken and waffler. My goodness, that is the juicest, perfectly seasoned roast chicken I think I've ever had in my life!!. I totally wasn't expecting it and I found myself eating off my husband's dish. The boudin blanc is tasty as well since I've had it before, it's a good dish to get over and over. This time i ordered a side of Lyonnaise potatoes. Potatoes were good, but with all the other food I was eating already, i barely finished that. I'm definitely a fan of Bouchon since this is my must stop brunch place whenever I am in Vegas. Next time I really want to try the beignets!!
5	Brunch at Bouchon is wonderful. The coffee is delicious. It was pressed perfectly. Or however it was prepared, it was great. The coffee is very smooth and not overpowering. I didn't add any sugar or cream to it tasted just fine without it. The food is also delectable. Even though it is a small brunch menu, I wanted to order everything. I ordered one of the brunch specials that day- an egg omelet with spinach, tomatoes and cheese. Sides of sausage and toast. It was yum-tastic. I had a taste of the Chicken and Waffles and was slightly disappointed. The roasted chicken was good, but the waffle was a little dry.  I'm so happy there are two other locations in California =)
4	My first taste of Bouchon were these complimentary little almond cakes they had by the hostess' stand. I only took one, but you can be sure I wanted to go and stock up. We were seated in a large booth in the back. We all started off with some drinks for brunch. I ordered the Champagne Cocktail which had a sugar cube in it, but it didn't taste like any special champagne or cocktail. They started us off with some bread and butter/jam. The bread was hard and bleh. I was expecting much better bread, but I loved the jam! Me and a friend shared our meals. I had ordered the Crepes du Jour and she ordered the Croque Madame. And they were both delicious. The Croque Madame came with a mountain of fries. Not sure why they give so much, but it really was too much. Our waiter was good. There was one mix-up with the orders, but it was corrected promptly. It is pricey. I spent $50 (meal and tip).
5	I've always heard great things about Bouchon and since I'd been to Mon ami Gabi the last time I was in vegas, I thought I'd try Bouchon this time. I have to say that everything our group had was just amazing! We ordered their petite seafood platter for the guys - the oysters were so good we ended up ordering another dozen. They were small - just the way I like them (I think raw oysters taste better when they're young) and FRESH omg delicious! I just ordered the pate and the mixed greens salad for dinner but I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of both. Everyone at our table loved the food (we ordered everything from fish, scallops, pork belly, and even gnocchi) Everything was top notch. As is the tradition with all French restaurants, it took a while to get our food, but we took our time and enjoyed our meal. I have to say that their service is amazing too. While waiting for the rest of our party, the girls and I were sitting in the waiting area and one of the servers offered us drinks - when I told him my stomach wasn't feeling well, he brought me an orange concoction that made me feel so much better! It really meant a lot to me that he went out of his way to make me feel better so that I could enjoy my meal and the rest of our fun-filled evening. I would absolutely recommend Bouchon to anyone that wants to enjoy a nice and delicious dinner. Now I'll have to try the Bouchon here in Santa Barbara!
3	I thought it was okay.  I was pretty excited to try this place because of all the good reviews, but it was not the standard I was expecting.  I came here with a group of girls for dinner to celebrate a couple birthdays before going out to the Vegas clubs.  The decor was very cute and our waiter was very nice at first.  But when it came time to order, he seemed surprised that we did not want appetizers or drinks.  He went, "Are you sure?  You don't want blah, blah, or blah?"  I don't know if he meant to, but it made me and I think some of the other girls feel uncomfortable.  It felt as if he was implying that we were cheap or something.  I honestly didn't want to eat too much because I didn't want to feel bloated at the club.  And of course we didn't order drinks because we were going to drink later.  I ordered the steamed mussels with fries.  The warm bread that came out was really good and I especially liked it with the mustard.  Surprising, because I usually don't like mustard.  Our food took an unusually long time to come out, maybe almost an hour.  I really liked my mussels.  They were in this buttery white wine sauce.  But I thought the fries were unremarkable.  So I really only had mussels to eat with nothing else.... and after a while they were too much.  I felt like it needed pasta or rice or something.  Or maybe it was a dish meant to share.  When the meal was almost over, our waiter again acted surprised when we didn't order dessert.  But then he said, "Little portions for little people!" so it didn't feel so uncomfortable as the first time.  During the meal, we also felt that our water's didn't get filled enough, and we always had to flag someone down.  All in all, I was unimpressed.  I don't think I'd come back for dinner, however a lot of the reviews on here mention brunch.  So maybe I will give it another shot for brunch.  I was just kind of disappointed seeing all the 5 stars they got.
4	Dinner at Bouchon was wonderful..I had the chicken dish and it was amazing, the dessert...brownie shaped wine corks are very good as well. I like the upscale but bistro ambiance. The food was comfort french with unique twists. Overall a very delicious meal, but for the price I might try somewhere else next time before heading back.
4	Soooo good! The pastry basket is perfect for groups and the service was great. I can't wait to go back to eat dinner!
1	I have not felt worse about a dining experience.  Let's start with the easy stuff; the food:  everyone at the table (all 10 of us) were pretty careful about not upsetting the great vibe we had that night at the table.  However, the next day, only one person said they liked their dish.  I cannot remember what everyone had, but here is what I can--- onion soup was unbearably salty, the poulet roti was dry and over-cooked, the steak bouchon was tough and wayyyyy too fatty (exactly----how does a fatty steak become tough) and the mussles were tiny.  That said, the trout was pretty good.  So here is the main reason I think I need to leave only one star.  Way over-rated, and the waiter was absolutely awful.  He took our cocktails away when we were not done, tried to pull some very shady shit with our bill.  Then this DB proceeded to make sure to collect each person's receipt before we left the table----and checking to see if we added an additional tip. Hence, the "Eek!  Methinks not."Stay downstairs or visit the one in Yountville.
4	Eaten here x3 now and I must say they've improved and are now on par with the other two.
5	AH-MAZING!!!!  Was here for my bff's wedding and she had the ceremony and reception there.  Loved every single minute of it!Service - they bend over backwards to help you with anythingFood - Top notch stuff - highlights was the mushroom puff pastry appetizer, cheese puff, beurre blanc sauce, steak with carmelized onion..Def. give this a chance, you won't be disappointed.
3	Ordered my steak medium and it came well done.  No bueno.
5	I went here for a Saturday brunch and loved it. I started with the cappuccino and it was okay - I had better. I ordered a Croque Madame and the egg looked beautiful. It was filing and was not super salty. The fries included were perfect.  My friend ordered the Chicken & Waffles and it had a few sauces for it; and it was very delicious and filling.  I totally recommend.
2	Bouchon, you're so fancy with your decor and your little sauce holder thingies for ketchup and your tiny tiny tobasco bottles and serving oysters at 11am (who eats oysters at that hour? fancy people). We should have known when we walked in that Bouchon would not be the appropriate brunch spot for a bunch of hungry grad students with a limited budget. But we were enticed with free samples of very yummy bread and a friendly host that changed our wait time from 20 minutes to "we can seat you shortly." Once we were seated, it didn't take us too long to figure out how out of place we were. Then we took a look at the menus and I can only speak for myself by saying that my jaw dropped a little. I mean, this is the level of fancy that you let your boyfriend take you to because you know he's paying. The night after Vegas partying I could have been satisfied with the dollar menu at MickeyD's.Our waiter neglected to bring us our bread until we had to ask. This might have been partly our fault because we were waiting on two more people to join our party. I find it partly ironic that the bread is eaten on the table. Do fancy people really allow their white linens to have crumbs all over it?! I had the corned beef and it honestly wasn't anything to write home about. I liked that it was the chunky kind rather than a hash, but the diced corned beef was dry. It came with potatoes and topped with an egg whatever way you like it. I wish the food at Bouchon would have blown my mind and I would be yearning to come back on a more appropriate occasion. Unfortunately, I just can't say that. Plus, for a place that's supposed to have amazing baked goods, their bread was hard and didn't taste all that fresh.
5	Alright, my favorite french resturant... and I dont like french resturants usually! This place has by far the best baked goods I've had in a very long time... I've been there twice and we ordered the pastry basket filled with different amazing croissants, muffins, almond brioches... SO GOOD. Their breakfast foods are pretty good as well. I've only been there for breakfast so I cant speak for any other meals, but I always leave very happy and full.
5	Perhaps one of my favorite places in Vegas. Thomas Keller's restaurant really blows me away as some of the best food I've had in Vegas.They also let my scraggly ass in when I was hardly dressed for an outdoor club let alone a decent place like this. Granted it was the late afternoon so I wasn't sticking out like a sore thumb in a crowd of nicely dressed diners, but that still gets this place bonus points.Hint: If you're on a budget, come here anyway and drop 8 bucks or whatever on the french fries. They are easily the best I've ever had.
5	Finding a venue for a destination wedding for 150 people in Las Vegas wasn't easy, but we found the perfect place at Bouchon Bistro. The breathtaking dining room, the stunning bar, and the huge courtyard was perfect for our ceremony, reception, and dancing. It's common knowledge that wedding food isn't always the best. Well, at Bouchon, we and our guests not only had awesome wedding food--it was just awesome food. Many of our guests said it was the best fish and steak they'd ever had. And the pastry chef offered to make two flavors of cake, and each plate was served with a macaron and scoop of ice cream. What a sweet touch!But there was one thing that outshined the food--the service was impeccable. The sales manager Debbie had such great attention to detail and helped us organize the ceremony and reception to perfection. The dining operations manager Clayton was incredibly experienced, thoughtful, and easy to work with--he's our hero! Our server Daniel was the epitome of hospitality, and Andrew, the general manager, calmed my nerves just before the walk down the aisle. They were so accommodating with last minute changes, the food was far beyond expectations, and my husband and I spent the week after the wedding in shock with how fabulous everything was. Everyone Bouchon treated us and every one of our 150 guests like family, and we will always thank them for making our wedding day unforgettable and delicious. We will be back for dinner for future Vegas trips. Oh yeah. And, though this is a fancy place, they were totally cool with our Elvis officiate. Seriously, the whole staff stood outside and witnessed our "hunkin', hunkin', burnin' love" vows.
2	Our waiter talked too much: he Blah-Blah-Blahed about the trip he took with his mom in France.  Lamb I ordered was not gamey/flavorful enough.  Not worth $$$$.  I will not go back.
2	Underwhelming uninspired food. Inattentive service. Loud and inappropriate music. Cheap experience at premium prices. I expected much better from Keller. Oh well...
3	Wouldn't it make more sense if Bouchon was in the Paris hotel rather than the Venetian?  I think so.  I suppose, though, that each hotel has to have a multitude of ethnic restaurants in order to keep the guest from actually leaving the hotel/casino in which they are staying.  Anyway, we attended a private dinner party at Thomas Keller's Bouchon (in the Venetian) this past weekend.Sometimes it's nice not to have too many options when dining out.  You know, like when you're attending someone else's event and they've already chosen a limited menu for the guests (including yourself) to make a selection from?  That way you can just focus on the others who are dining with you rather than salivating over every detail of the entire menu, going back and forth, trying to come up with the best possible way to taste as much as possible without stuffing yourself like a goose.  Ok, I'm totally lying.  I'd much rather scour the menu, up and down, imagining combinations of courses and anticipating what the real thing will bring compared to the vision in my head.  I mean, cummon!  That's almost the best part!  I love reading menus!  I even love reading them with no intention of eating.   But that's not what I got to do this time.  Sigh.  Oh well.  I guess I'll tell you about it anyway:). First was the 2-tiered cold shellfish platter;  wonderfully clean and light and fresh.  Nothin' fancy but neither was the rest of the meal, intentionally.  Chilled steamed lobster, crab, prawns, mussels and clams as well as raw oysters rested on a bed of those cute, little mini ice cubes with a couple of sauces on the side for accompaniment.  It was good and honest and unadulterated.  That's Bouchon's style.  Once I read somewhere that Keller opened Bouchon (the one in Napa, of course) so that he'd have somewhere to eat after being at the French Laundry all night.  It's kind of a funny statement but one can only eat so much fancy food before they crave something uncomplicated and comforting.  And our meal at Bouchon was a true expression of that.Along with the seafood was a plate of charcuterie which I found quite plain.  Just a few slices of barely differentiable salumi with some cornichons, pickled onions and dijon.  The little jars of salmon rillettes was a nice addition which is why I didn't understand the reason that they were hardly touched.  People are afraid of unfamiliar things, I guess.  Most Americans would rather just have the salami.  I'm sure someone in the kitchen was annoyed when the servers re-entered with 3/4-full jars of deliciousness to be tossed directly into the garbage.  I know I would be.Then came our chosen appetizer course.  My dining partner-in-crime and I ordered both options, of course.  I won.  Actually, the cauliflower veloute may have been my favorite thing on the table all night long.  It was ugly as hell, which you can see from the picture below, but very flavorful.  To account for its unappetizing color and depth of flavor, I assume that the cauliflower was roasted before being made into a soup since the server informed me that there was, in fact, no chicken stock in it.  Its green olive tapanade garnish lent a salty brightness to the smooth, mouth-coating veloute.  We both thoroughly enjoyed it, as did the other recipients of it at the table. Beet salad was our second appetizer and we both agreed that it needed help.  For me, it was just (naturally) overly sweet and could have benefitted from a salt or acid component (or more of what was already there).  The strategically composed bites of sweet beet, bright orange, toasty hazelnut and salty frisee were the best.  But the complimentary components were gone long before their protagonist, leaving us with a big pile of beets and nothing to eat them with.Now, please don't hold my entree order against me.  It is a very rare occasion that I find it appropriate to order chicken.  For the most part, I shake my head in disappointment at the chicken orderers of the world.  But that's because it is most often their safety net.  And if there is ever a time to order a half of a roasted chicken, I thought it would be at Bouchon where I was hoping to be delighted with browned, crispy skin and tender, juicy meat.  And it was almost there.  Nicely browned but not as juicy as I'd hoped.  Keller is a big believer in brining so I was expecting ridiculously juicy meat.  But it wasn't.  Better were the roasted oyster and shiitake mushrooms with fresh (yes, fresh) peas that my bird sat atop.  And I couldn't help but butter a thick-crusted baguette and let it rest in the plate's deep, rich sauce before devouring it.  I was very happy with that part.The lamb loin was fine.  Nothing to write home about.  A perfect medium rare but not juicy which leads my to believe they used one of those temperature holding ovens.  I guess you can't expect them to sear off 15 orders of meat at once for a private party.  It was served simply with turnips and carrots (meh)....
4	Yeah! We finally made it to the long time coveted brunch at Bouchon and it did not disappoint. We started with the special of the day appetizer: salmon tartare, good but not the best we've had.  Loved their bread with house- made butter and silky smooth jam. Caveat: don't overeat on the bread. Unfortunately, we made that mistake.  I had their special of the day entree, an omelette with shrimp, mushroom sauce over a house made puff pastry. Yummy.  We also had the chicken & waffle which was delicious. It comes served with a vanilla bean butter and cinnamon maple syrup. The roasted chicken was moist and delightful in flavor and the waffles were light and scrumptious. Thomas Keller definitely does his chicken right. (Although nothing compares to the fried chicken from Adhoc.)My friend had the croque madame which was covered with a mountain of frites. The frites were good but lacked the crunchy texture I usually like.  The brioche was of course drenched in butter but balanced with the salty flavors of the ham. We felt like it needed a citrus component. It wasn't our favorite dish of the day. Next time we may just go with 3 entrees among us 4. We were overly stuffed. We will return again for dinner! I love Thomas Keller restaurants. Always great service, reasonable prices and delightful food.
5	Came in for a Sunday brunch and decided to skip the wait and have brunch at the bar tables they have available. The only limitation here is the size of the tables are a bit of a squeeze, but the food more than makes up for this. Is my pallet tainted by the allure of a Thomas Keller restaurant? Can't be  seeing as how many famous chef restaurants are available in Las Vegas. (Ended up going to Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys and Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill)To start they gave us this "epi?" style bread which was just a fancy french baguette with jam and butter. Enjoyed how they hand deliver it without a plate or anything and plob it right on the tablecloth. My girlfriend started with the Croque Madame with the poached egg was delicious and the potatoes that accompanied the dish were excellent. She opted away from the french fries. I really enjoyed the slight crunch. Decided to get the chicken and waffles and YUM!! I'll start by saying I have never tried fried chicken and waffles and this was not fried, but honestly I dunno that I even want to try friend chicken rather than the roasted chicken which was moist and came accompanied with some gravy type sauce. I couldn't have asked for more and I will say the service is impeccable. Definitely worth checking out!
4	Impromptu Vegas trip and opted to dine here again. Second time at this restaurant. Ordered the Gnocchi, girls ordered the lamb and mussels. DELISH with every bite! Order some specialty drink - arrived in a rustic mug. Fancy restaurant serving a rustic mug? I.LOVED.IT!Can't wait to go back, service wasn't too shabby. Perfect attentiveness and perfect meal for a long, random night on the town.
3	Eh. Had better for a quarter of the price BUT my boyfriend and I went for breakfast and their menu was limited so that could be the factor. We wanted to try the chicken and waffles that everyone raved about BUT it was only available during brunch. Ordered an omelet with roasted chicken, spinach, and cheese and it wasn't amazing. Boyfriend had the croque madame and he wasn't a fan (it was good, but not something to keep coming back for).The service was a bit slow the morning we went and our waiter was a bit clumsy (spilling juices, dropping menus). Overall, the experience wasn't worth $90 for our food that did not blow us away.Our minds might change once we get the opportunity to try from the brunch menu. As of right now, I stand by my 3 star rating.
4	The food and service was outstanding.  The dumb hostess is another story! Waited at the desk for quite some time and flagged down the hostess who had seated the couple standing in front of us.Her reaction to us was "I thought you were just standing there". Duhhh! I guess many people just stand in line next to the "wait to be seated" sign without wanting to be seated!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas... every time I visit I will go there once.(I would love to make Robuchon my favorite but that's just impractical on the wallet. =))Bouchon has that perfect ambience to me... a leisurely bistro feel yet without the dingyness. High ceilings, graceful deco with lovely peaceful garden view. Not to mention the whole Venezia hotel is a piece of ultimate luxury.I am a huge Thomas Keller fan. He rarely shows his face on TV and he doesn't open 40 garbage restaurants like so many other American prima donas these days. I am talking to you Wolfgang, Boulud, Flay, Lagasse...Bouchon is a restaurant that does what it does the best - cooking good normal food. It doesn't try anything fancy... you won't find molecular food "deconstruction" here, you won't find strawberry turned into a slimey foam by some genius scientific machine here, and you won't find some tiny $500 truffle that only grow at XX and flown to Vegas within YY hours here...Ok, going back to the food.... Lamb shank: oh so good and giant piece of lamb shank. Stewed hours to make it perfectly moist and tender. Oh so good 10/10!!French Onion Soup: to be frank this one is a wash... the soup is a little salty and I'd love more caramelization on the onions, but the cheese is solid and it still tastes good, just not heavenly. 7/10.Sturgeon with grilled bacon and snails: this is the largest piece of sturgeon I had for a while, grilled to perfection, sauce is tasty too. Best fish dish I had for this Vegas trip. 9/10.Mussels in white wine butter sauce: it's almost surprising that they can make something so normal taste much better than everyone else. Go order it. 10/10.Since I wrote a review, I have to specially mention the chicken waffle at their brunch menu... everyone should try it as it's that good, cheap too at $25. 10/10.
5	White sausage w/ potato puree and prunes: Sausage is very soft and moist, good flavorPotatoes puree w/ prunes: The prunes added a sweet flavor with the puree'd potatoesAssiette de Charcuterie : Fine deli meats with pickled veggies
3	I had such high expectations before I came here for dinner. I was a little disappointed. I ordered the lamb and my husband ordered the halibut. Food was fresh but flavors were bland. No extra kick.  I could get better food for half the price at many other restaurants.  I will still try Ad Hoc and French Laundry because of all the hype. I have not given up on Thomas Keller just yet.
5	Delicious gnocchi.  Adorable, French bistro decor.  Rich desserts.  All in all a great meal at a reasonable price.  Go early because it fills up quickly!
4	Bouchon gets a strong four stars for its great breakfast coffee and its chicken and waffles. The roasted chicken is cooked well, and the bacon and chives in the waffles definitely is interesting. Nevertheless, I'd try another item next time.
5	Went here for breakfast with my family.  I couldn't imagine what the fuss was about - after all, how could one really innovate on baked goods or standard American breakfast?  I was very wrong.  The apple croissant that I had was absolutely amazing and was a great complement to the American breakfast that I ordered.  I am a fan of poached eggs and they were poached just right.  Their coffee was also very good, and everyone at the table agreed that the food was top notch.Would definitely come again and again!
5	Some of the finest dining I have done. They wait staff was very helpful to me and my girlfriends vegetarianism. Was perfect for the night I had planned, as I was going to ask my girlfriend to marry me after the dinner, and she said yes = ). As they were very pricey, it was well worth it.
5	It's a rare meal when, at the end, I'm excited to have only paid $100, tip included. It's even more rare when I am anxious to return, and nearly do so the very next day.Loria and I visited The Venetian resort in Las Vegas last year specifically to enjoy Bouchon Bakery, a small stand outside of the Phantom of the Opera Theatre. The first visit made such an impression that our final stop on the way out of the town consisted of my parking illegally in the hotel's covered entrance, leaving her to watch after the car, sprinting to drop a silly amount of money, and then running back with two bags full of baked goods.While the eponymous bouchon, a dense, rich chocolate brownie bite, the lemon and raspberry macaron, and the eclairs were each delicious, it was the ham and cheese sandwich that really surprised me. It takes something this simple and elegant to really make the point that Thomas Keller is a genius, and clearly knows how to coax maximum flavor out of each ingredient. On a not entirely unrelated note, we repeated the exercise this year, nearly doubling last year's expenditure. The prices are, in some cases, double that of a regular bakery. Food with the precision and thought like that served in a Keller restaurant is worth every penny. Which is my way of saying, visit the bakery, go prepared to spend some cash, and don't look back.Having enjoyed the baked goods last year, we decided to make the actual restaurant the central dining experience of the trip. Good call.If you've ever read a Thomas Keller recipe, you'll know that "precision" isn't finely detailed enough a word to describe the man's work. When somebody suggests that I cut up a chocolate bar for use in a chocolate chip cookie, and then use a sieve on the pieces of chocolate to make sure that the smaller shards don't end up melted into the dough and change the pale color, you know that you're dealing with somebody who really cares about the smallest details of his food. It shows and I'm grateful.Bouchon Bistro is a recreation of Keller's casual eatery in Yountville, California. It serves French bistro food, dressed up for a night on the town. Or, in some cases, dressed down and simplified in very elegant and flavorful ways.The staff was beyond friendly. Our waiter bantered wittily when appropriate, and gave us plenty of space when we needed it. I love a server who pays attention, and this guy was very much on his game. His description of the specials indicated clearly that he'd sampled each of them, which seems to be a dying tradition in restaurants. His first recommendation put us in a quandary: the night's special appetizer sounded amazing, but I've read a bit about the pate and have my heart set on it. In an evening filled with great choices, we decide to do both.It consisted of pork shoulder, cooked low and slow for the entire day, pressed into the shape of a long, thin candy bar. The pork presse was topped with an apricot preserve and a salad of marble-sized heirloom tomato halves. These parts of the dish alone would have been worth the money. The genius bit, though, was a sprinkling of dried garlic flowers, so pungent and flavorful, with a bit of creme fraiche to combat the acid of the tomatoes. I would love to know what, exactly, had been done to those small flowers to make them so filled with garlic flavor. Whether they were soaked or treated in some manner before drying, or they came from The French Laundry's garden, they were the extra bit that put an already remarkable dish over the top.As for the pate, I honestly don't remember the details. It had some bacon around the outside. It made me feel very happy for the lucky pig that gave its life for the dish. I remember feeling like it would have been a serious mistake had we passed it up. I will not visit Bouchon again without getting the pate before my meal.For our entrees, we choose the Kurobuta pork loin and the croque madame. The pork was served with a mustard water and creme fraiche on a small bed of wilted swiss chard and lightly heated peaches. I will admit that, though I do dearly love pork, I have only rarely had a pork loin that I was really excited about. Given how the appetizers went, I was fairly confident that Bouchon's take on it stood a decent chance of turning that around for me and I wasn't disappointed. It was weet, tender, and very delicate. The pairing of stone fruit with pork, a traditional favorite in late-summer, was a nice compliment. I certainly enjoyed it and might even order it again.The croque madame was, however, all kinds of amazing.This one was my wife's choice, though we shared both entrees. Here is the menu description:toasted ham & cheese sandwich on brioche,fried egg & mornay sauceserved with French friesReading that, I was underwhelmed. I was wrong.Apparently the rest of the review is in excess of the 5k characters Yelp wants from me, so please see my blog for the rest of it.  The link is in my profile.
2	Very  disappointing lunch. Stale bread on a $13 sandwich? Had to send it back. Pickle was a pale shade of grey. Waitress never once checked on me. Maybe dinner is a better experience but lunch was a complete disappointment.
3	We went on a Saturday night as part of a bachelorette party.  We were seated promptly, they brought out their fantastic ebi bread which is baked there in their own bakery, and we were all set to go.  Several of us ordered the Steak Frites, which is basically a flatiron steak with a pile of french fries.  They were all cooked per taste, but in all, it was just a well cooked steak that you could get just about anywhere.  One of us got the Pan-Roasted Trout in a browned butter sauce with almonds - that was amazing.  The trout was cooked perfectly and worth every penny.  It was very delicate and light, and fairly large portion.Another got the bouchot mussels, which comes with frites.  Nice creamy white wine sauce that was good.  Large serving, too.  I ordered the Leg of Lamb in garlic and thyme, which was also fantastic!  The lamb was so tender and juicy, cut off of the bone for you already, laid over a pile of vegetables.  The service was a little slow - it took over an hour from when we ordered until our food was delivered.  Our server was nice.  However, one of the bussers spilled au jus all over a leather jacket and purse, which was a little bit of a downer.  Of note, I'd been there before for the brunch menu, which is much more tastier than the dinner menu.  The famed chicken and waffles is exactly that - roasted chicken and waffles and I was not wow'ed by it.  The best dish was french toast made from brioche - a must try.The reason Bouchon gets only 3 stars is b/c though it is very good food, I expected more from Mr Keller, especially for the price you pay and the hype that you hear.  There are many other restaurants in Vegas that you can get the similar quality of food, and only a few things stand out here.  Still, it's a must-do at least once in your life.
5	Sunday Brunch Review (our 2nd visit)This was our second time eating at Bouchon in Vegas.  The first was for dinner and this time was for the Sunday brunch.I found out about the brunch from all the great reviews on Yelp so I wanted to see what it was all about... especially since I was drooling over all the pics of the chicken and waffles!Brunch begins at 10am and they do not accept reservations.  It's first come first serve, but we didn't have to wait long (maybe 15 minutes - we showed up around 10:30 and this was a dead weekend at the beginning of April).  You can't beat the buzzing bistro atmosphere here with their checkered floors, giant windows, and friendly service. We arrived starving (prob not a good idea) and devoured the bread and jam they served us.  This stuff was delicious.. I think it was a strawberry jam... I'm not sure what the flavor was, but we couldn't eat enough of it.We ordered the croque madame and the chix + waffles.  The waffles were fantastically fluffy yet crispy and the egg on top of my sandwich hit the spot.  They piled a million fries on my plate, I couldn't even put a minor dent in them, but they were delicious.Drinks - We ordered a cappuccino and two Kir Royals $12.50 ea.. (creme de cassis with champagne and lemon twist).. which is now my new favorite drink!With 2 meals, a cappuccino, and 2 champagne cocktails the bill came out to around $100.  The price was expected.. not cheap, but not too over-the-top expensive for a fantastic restaurant in Las Vegas with a classy vibe.I will be back for a third time.. maybe for lunch if they serve it!
5	It's official...Bouchon serves my favorite breakfast in North America.It all started over dinner the previous night.  We had tickets for Le Reve and a reservation at Bouchon.  The host let us know the power was down but should be up quickly.  No problem, we gave an extra 30 minutes.  We sat outside on a gorgeous night and our server let us know it might be a while.  We could order salads and cold items but that was it.  Unfortunately, we didn't have enough time for an alternative fine dining experience on a Friday night.  I made due with a goat cheese salad (that was missing the goat cheese) but my husband decided he didn't want to order anything and would grab a bite on the way to the show.  The restaurant was nearly empty but our server barely paid attention to us.As we left, my husband spoke with the manager about our experience and we were invited to brunch in the morning.  The manager on duty was told of our experience and we were treated to the most magnificent breakfast I may have ever had.We each ordered one item off the menu and a champagne cocktail.  Moments later, a basket of pastries to rival Parisian bakeries was bought out.  Yogurt parfaits overflowing with berries followed.  Champagne cocktails kept coming.  We could not have had better service.We were told when the gluttony was all over that it was all taken care of.I am a big believer that it's all about how mistakes are handled and this was perfection.I have warned my husband that when we return, I am ordering EVERYTHING again.  Bravo to Bouchon!
4	Dinner here was expensive, but that's what you should expect when your eating at a french bistro, in las vegas, in the venetian hotel. Oysters are a must have here. I ordered the steak and it was slow, i should have know it wasn't goin to be medium rare like i wanted it to be. I like the fries that was included with my steak. It was great quality, better than i expected, only matching mcdonalds fries. Its not like it, just would hold the same standards to them. Anyways, next time I will come earlier if I have plans for the club after, waiting it going to be slow on a weekend night. Expect the whole experience to be 2 and a half hours. Next time I go, dinners goin to be at 6 or 7. that just me
3	Food was ok.  I'm disappointed since I expected higher standard for Thomas Keller's.   Beet salad was definitely the worst I ever had.  French onion soup was ok but not amazing.  My husband's dish was better--leg of lamb with garlic infused a jus. "It was ok..good".  I think this place may be better for brunch/lunch.  On a positive note, ambiance was good.
3	Buchon was the closest that I will be able to get to French Laundry.  I was moderately impressed.  The food was fantastic but the pretentiousness was a bit much.  After all it is a BISTRO.  The pate is out of this world and the main courses were very nice.  But I say save your pennies and go to Rosemary's off the strip.  The food is better and you won't feel self conscious about not ordering wine with each course.  Over all a good experience.
3	Bouchon, I've heard only good things about you, yet I was not that "wowed".I loved the ambiance, and I'm always excited to eat French Cuisine... the bread was warm and delicious, the butter was perfect, my mimosa was alright, and the oysters were BOMB. I actually don't like oysters that much because it tastes way too much like the ocean, but these were sweet and just awesome with the cocktail sauce, fresh grated horseradish, and I believe malt vinegar... of course I had to ask for some tabasco cuz there is no way ima eat them babies without it. Why 3 stars?....Cuz the table across from me, who ordered about 10 minutes after me, were more than halfway done with their entrees and mine was still not out. My friend ordered the Omelette special and I ordered the Croque madame. My friend had to leave the table to check out of our room because our food was taking ridiculously long. I would understand if maybe, the restaurant had a full house, or if other customers were angry with me, but No.... ugh. HUNGRY FELICIA = UNHAPPY FELICIABy the time my food came, I was over it, I mostly ate the french fries and ate about 1/3 of my Croque Madame which was by the way.... TOO HEAVY.. ugh... and it came with french fries which kinda made it worse... I was on butter/grease overload. It was seriously just whatevers. If I ever do go back, it'll be strictly for oysters and cocktails! ;)
5	BEST. RESTAURANT. EVER.From the service to the food... everything deserves an A+++.I ordered the steak and it was melt in your mouth delicious. Perfect amount of salt and that garlic butter on top was the best. The fries that came with my steak were addicting and I couldn't stop picking at it.I will be back here every time I visit Vegas!!
3	First off this place is hard to find - bit of a maze within Venetian hotel.   Having said that I liked the place and the service.  All good so far.  I ordered the daily special Rack of Lamb and wife ordered a steak.  Although I am not normally a big Lamb eater, but few good place where I lamb (mostly in UK) it was fantastic, so I was expecting a similar experience.  Once it was served, the gamey smell was so strong I actually didn't even feel like putting my folk into it.  The taste was much more gamey than the smell.  They took it back and cooked it more, but not much help.    I gave three stars because my wife's steak was fantastic and all other items were good.  May go back there again, but NEVER will i try the Lamb there again.
3	I must have ordered the wrong thing for breakfast.  I had a typical breakfast dish with eggs and bread and there was nothing to rave about.  There was a large selection to choose from, but nothing to say wow!
5	Ive only been here twice, but both times, the food and service was amazing. Make sure you get a pastry basket everytime you go and make one of them a cheese danish... AWESOME.I've had Steamed Mussels, Fried chicken & Waffles, and tried their Quiche. All exceptional. Can't wait for my next trip to vegas. I'll definitely be having brunch here again.
3	I had the muscles which were surprisingly flavorless. I almost had to send it back but since I've never done that, I chickened out. The salmon tartar was delicious. The escargots where also flavorless. I was shocked that the food was not up to par the day I went. The service was great. I was really hoping to give this a better review..but I can't.
4	Just get the chicken and waffles and hush...
3	Wow, I don't even know where to begin.  My girls brought me here for a fancy dinner for my bachlorette party and I had been excited about it alllll week.  Boy was I disappointed....not to blame them seeing that this was my pick but I really had high hopes for this place, for many reasons.  First, I dont think I'll ever make it to French Laundry in this lifetime so am more than happy to settle for Bouchon.  Secondly, it had rave reviews on yelp.  So I am not really sure what went wrong?  I ordered gnocchi which was very flavorful and rich in the first few bites.  However, as I kept eating, the grease just became very overwhelming that it was starting to not sit well with my stomach.  It was simply too heavy.  What threw me off is it isn't the type of creamy pasta gnocchi that I was expecting or use to, it was more pan fried to a crisp over oil.  So I thought it was only my dish and I tried many of my friend's other dishes, which included steak and frites and sturgeon fish.  I wasn't impressed with any of those either.The steak was very average (tho the fries were delicious but I'm easily impressed with fries).  One word of advice tho, all the temperature are cooked one less than what you ask.  My friend asked for medium and it came out med rare, another order med well and it came out med, third friend ordered med rare and it was super bloody.  My other friend commented that her fish was a little dry.I was pretty disappointed with the meal  but luckily, the good company more than made up for it.  The one upside is the bread before our meal was delicious, as everyone said it would be.  Also, we arrived at dinner at 9pm and many of their dishes, including the specials, were all out.  If you want to get a good pick of the menu, go early!  The food is fresh so it will run out.  Otherwise, the ambiance and service is about what I expect, I just wish the food was too.
4	Great restaurant to go if you have money.  Had the New York strip and some wine.  The service here is amazingly attentive.  They give you proper attention while giving you some privacy to talk to your group.  This is the second time I have dine here and both times, I have left satisfied.  Not much to say but get dressed up and bring your credit card(s).  This is Vegas.
4	Keller and French cooking.  That about sums it up.For brunch, the chicken and waffles is a winner. Not to mention the fresh made profiteroles are fantastic, order before they sell out.  Can't go wrong with anything on the menu really as far as I'm concerned.This place is located on an upper level at Venetian, you take the guest room elevators up and then cross the sky bridge and you arrive at the entrance. By no means cheap, but also not as expensive as many places in Las Vegas.  If you self park, there is a special Bouchon elevator at the ground leve of the parking structure.
4	This is the second time my wife and I have been to Bouchon. Before this last Vegas trip I watched an old episode of Anthony Bourdain in Paris. He and Eric Rippert were going around eating in both bistros and super fancy, pretentious French restaurants. Anyhow, this gave me a massive craving for French food that I needed to satisfy.Knowing that I couldn't afford anything by Joel Robouchon, and could just barely afford Thomas Keller, I went for the latter. However, knowing what kind of experience I was going into, perhaps my expectations were a bit too high. Yes, the food was perfectly prepared and the service was attentive. Yes, I ordered things I did not have the first time around (ordered steak frites, boring but oh so good). Still, after spending 218 bucks for two people, I'm not sure I was completely satisfied. Look, the four stars are based on the overall experience. And yes, I was influenced by the fact that Keller has three Michelin Stars. At the same time, I didn't walk out this time feeling I had creamed my pants. My wife was looking forward to scallops (on the online menu by the way). They didn't have a scallop entree, but did have a special scallop appetizer that they told us they ran out of after my wife ordered it. She settled for some heavenly French onion soup. I ordered the charcuterie platter which was enough for 4 people (ate it all myself). If it came with some proper bread, this could've been my entire meal. For our main course my wife had the special sea bass, served with gnocci, eggplant, and shitake mushrooms. I thought the fish was a bit bland, but she seemed to like it. I had the roast leg of lamb, oh so tender with barely a hint of gaminess. It came with this block of something. I don't know what it was, but it had a quichelike consistency and it was good. We finished off dinner sharing what we thought were some chocolate covered cream puffs, but the cream turned out to be ice cream. Very nice with coffee. Sounds great right? Well, we added a bottle of wine for dinner. I figured if one glass cost 10-20 bucks, might as well get an entire bottle for 50 bucks. Yes, I hate spending that much, knowing it's a 10 dollar bottle, but they all do that. However, online they advertise a new system they call "vin de carafe." It says they buy a bunch of "house style" wine in bulk, serve it in carafes without labels so that people can enjoy wine with their meals at low cost. This is the essence of bistro fair right? Well, the waiter had never heard of it and I decided not to press it. Disappointed, but overall still a nice experience. Definitely go once, but after that spending over 100 bucks a person is up to you.
5	The service here is impeccable and so is the food!I got the moules-frites while my husband ordered the special for the day, Veal Oscar. We also got an appetizer to share. The food does not disappoint and I felt that a lot of care was given to how it was all prepared. The sauce for the moules-frites was slightly tangy which was very appetizing and before my husband and I knew it we had gone through the entire dish! Good for my palate but bad for my diet! The veal was cooked to perfection with a melt-in-your-mouth juiciness which contrasted nicely with its crispy outer crust. Our server was really attentive and kept stopping by to give us new plates (for the shells) and refiling our beverages.All in all, there's really nothing I have to complain about! Note that the servings are kind of huge so it might be a good idea to just share an entree and appetizer if you don't eat a lot. I left Bouchon full but NOT AT ALL stuffed (you know that horrible greasy feeling you get when you overate? Not this time.) This is a true testament to the well-thought out and executed recipes at Bouchon where all the flavors enhance and balance each other out. I know I will be back for more the next time I am back in Vegas!
4	I have been to the Bouchon in Napa. This one is a close second. A restuarant in a casino does not compare to the original but the service, food and ambiance compares. The food was excellent. We started with the salmon riellete and oysters. I had the grilled sturgeon perfectly cooked. My freind had the lamb. He was pleased with it. I tried it, it was a little too pungent for me but had good flavor. We capped the meal off with some absinthe and a bowl of fresh berries. All in all a very good meal. It was my freinds first time eating there and his words were "I was blown away".
4	Me and my friends has an excellent experience, we had a large party 13 people and came in for Saturday Morning Brunch.The wait was about 40 minutes, no reservations available for morning brunch/breakfast. We got seated in a private room in the back, pefectly set table with dark woods and a door leading directly to the kitchen I believe for the staff to serve us.Me and my friend shared our meals so I got to try out the Chicken and Waffles (which they said was their signature dish) and the Steak Frites (http://media4.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/huF7W4IYxrAyfL8Pa_klmA/l0The waffles were light and delicious, chicken was extremely moist with crispy skin.  It came with 2 sauces of syrup and some type of gravy which complimented the food nicely.The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare as requested, it had a onion-y flavor to it, looks like it was crusted with some type of onion sauce which I liked.  There is a huge slab of butter placed on top which make the meat so flavorful!The service was excellent and I think everyone liked their food.  Definitely a more up-scale joint for brunch, I think seating for a smaller party would have been much faster, but the private room was nice!Oh there was a oyster bar inside as well and the dinner/lunch menu's looked great!  I will try and stop by for lunch or dinner next time!
5	This place is amazing; great way to try Thomas Keller's stuff at a great price point. The food is quite good; really like the appetizers (try the smoked salmon in clarified butter terrine) and the entrees are also solid. Service is really distinctive; last time I was here, they were about 30 minutes late in seating us, but made up for it with a bottle of wine and free appetizers. The fact that they were willing to do so much (knowing they'd probably not see us for a year as they're in Vegas) goes to show the level of professionalism and commitment to good service. Definitely coming back each time I'm in Vegas.
5	believe the hype. this Californian-French restaurant is for real. on a recent trip, I had a great dinner and brunch there.  Nothing in Vegas compares to this.  San Francisco-level of food here.
5	Out of the way of the masses on the tenth floor of the Venetian Casino/Hotel is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.We went on a Saturday afternoon when no reservations are taken. Our wait was about 45 minutes but well worth it.I ordered the Croque Madame and my husband ordered the chicken and waffles.The Croque Madame is a toasted ham and cheese brioche with a fried egg and mornay sauce served with french fries. The meal was prepared perfectly with the egg bursting forth when I cut into the brioche.The chicken and waffles were excellent, and it is considered one of Chef Keller's signature dishes. The chicken was cooked perfectly with crispy skin, tender meat and very moist. The experience of biting into chicken, waffle and Tahitian vanilla bean butter sauce was exquisite. It also comes with fries that go very well with the overall presentation.Make sure you come on the weekend for Brunch - it is the only time that they serve the chicken and waffles.I just wish we had more room to order more food!
4	OMG, this place is amazing for Vegas hangovers. Try the brioche french toast. I've soaked in the secret garden hot tubs at the Venetian from 6am-7am just to wait for this place to open!Surprisingly, I actually prefer the Vegas Bouchon to the Yountville one. But I'm biased to crazy vegas adventures that end at Bouchon.
4	Bouchon, this is such a tough rating. I really struggled with how to rate this restaurant. I begged my husband to come here. I saw this restaurant on Anthony Bourdain and  he said that the fries at Bouchon were better than at his restaurant. The atmosphere was great.We went in for breakfast and I ordered the bread pudding French toast. It was bland. It wasn't bad but it really isn't worth mentioning or trying. I love bread pudding and I love French toast so I thought it would be amazing. My husband on the other hand ordered the sourdough waffle...it was AMAZING.  It was so good I wanted to eat it slowly so it would last. We went back the next day and ordered the waffles again...they were wonderful.My issues, neither the waffle nor the bread pudding came with a side and for the price and portion size it should come with a side. As for the fries, well we ordered a side and they were so overcooked we sent them back. They brought us out another side of fries and they weren't much better. They were too hard and too crispy. If you like the small, hard and crispy fries these may be for you. But I didn't think they were very good. The service was also good. So with how wonderful the waffles were but with how average almost everything else is... I still have to give this place 4. More than I remember any of the average aspects....I remember how wonderful those waffles taste.
3	I was so excited to try this, but was bummed by the service/food.We had a party of 4 and waited almost an hour to get a table on a busy sunday. That's fine, no complaints from me on that. We get seated and it takes a long time for someone to take our drink orders. There were several waiters/people in suits walking around but no one helping us. Finally they take the order. Hibiscus cocktail was pretty cool but a bit overpriced. We order some beignets and some bread with jams. The waiter misinterpreted our beignet order, so he brought us out two orders. He never got us the bread, but we were thinking we'd gotten enough food so we didn't mention it. The beignets were pretty good, not amazing and not worth the price.Our waiter paid very little attention to us in general. We were 4 girls so I guess we;re notoriously bad tippers, but we all have disposable income and tip well so that was obnoxious. Our food took another 40 mins to come out.I had chicken and waffles, which is supposed to be their best dish but I was unimpressed. The waffles were super bland and the vanilla butter wasn't amazing. The chicken was the best part though, very flavorful and well cooked.The food was decent, not worth the price though considering the service. It was pretty awful. I think we just had a bad waiter, but it soured the entire experience for me.
5	My restaurant experience was, in one word, superb:*Elevator from the parking structure directly to the restaurant is a nice touch, especially when you're hungry.*Went there for Sunday brunch on Mother's Day, so we expected a long wait... and got it.  Was told 1 hour.  Nibbled on a complimentary pastry while we waited and were seated in around a half hour. (Read: don't get discouraged if your wait is long---it's worth it.)*Stellar service.  It felt like we had 3-4 different people on standby just waiting to refill our drinks, bread, practically anything or ask us how we were doing.  Amazing, considering how busy they were.  The only thing we had to ask for was the check.*The food took a bit long to come out (then again hunger has a tendency to slow time), but they kept us occupied with bread and this delectable peach preserve (definitely tasted like it was made in-house).*Everything we had was fresh, expertly balanced, cooked perfectly, and just plain delicious.  You must try the RILLETTES AU SAUMONS (appetizer of fresh/smoked salmon with baguettes), MOULES AU SAFRAN (mussels in a wine/saffron broth), CHICKEN & WAFFLES (self-explanatory; far and away the best I've had).*The prices were very reasonable.  Our appetizer was about $15 and the entrees were about $25.   *The only down-side was that the tables felt too close together.  It was kind of distracting hearing other conversations loud & clear when you're trying to have your own.  An acceptable inconvenience once you get your food and you're too busy enjoying it to talk much!(As an aside, the macaron from the bakery was a bit of a disappointment after my great experience here---see Buchon Bakery review)
5	I recently had the pleasure of spending a great weekend in Vegas, and my visit to Bouchon was a highlight.  I've eaten at quite a few high end restaurants, but Bouchon stands out as having some of the tastiest food I've ever eaten.  We had a reservation for six people and were seated within minutes of arrival.We started the meal out with cocktails -- if you haven't maxed out on free casino drinks, I would definitely recommend ordering one here, as they have exceptional bartenders.  I had a sazerac on the recommendation of the waiter, and was very pleased.  We also ordered the foie gras appetizer, which was AMAZING.  It was incredibly creamy, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness, and the portion was very generous: it comes in a five oz glass jar, and even with six gluttons eating it, it was more than enough.  A must-order if you have four or more members of your party (and surprisingly thrifty!).  We also split a small order of gnocci, which is not your typical Italian potato dumpling. This gnocci was flour-based, and fried in butter.  It was incredibly rich, so I definitely would advise against ordering it as a main dish; however, as an appetizer it was nice to try.I split a mixed greens salad with my boyfriend, and this was the only low point in the meal.  By the way, the waiter did the sneaky business of asking "And what salad would you like with that?" as you ordered your entree, making you feel semi-awkward if you didn't order one.  I would definitely skip the salads: at around $10 a pop, they are not very tasty.  Our mixed greens salad had a very very sour vinaigrette that made eating the dish rather unpleasant.  The accompanying medallion of goat cheese was so-so, and was too overpowering.  Other people at our table ordered the beet salad which was very pretty, but lacking in flavor.However, the main course more than made up for the subpar salads.  I ordered the lamb, and it was incredibly tender and flavorful.  It came on a bed of peas and mini tokyo turnips, which were not only cute but delicious.  The lamb was quite gamey, but since I'm a fan of that, it didn't bother me.  After finishing our entrees, we were far too full to think of dessert -- but if I ever came back here again, I would skip the salad and get a dessert instead.Overall, the total bill came to about $70 a person (one cocktail, split small gnocci and foie gras 6 ways, half a salad, one entree, plus tax and tip). Despite the salad being only okay, I left very satisfied with the food, the service, and the restaurant in general.  I would absolutely recommend this place as a splurge during your next Vegas adventure!
3	wow, this place is fancy. i came for brunch and we were seated near the fountain. this was my first time at a thomas keller restaurant so i was pretty stoked. i ordered the chicken and waffles and they were... different. instead of fried chicken, it was a single grilled chicken leg. the waffles were ho-hum and the syrup had a strange odor. we spent a few minutes trying to figure out what was in the syrup. turns out it was a chunk of bacon, haha.. maybe it's just me but i think fried chicken goes better with waffles.
3	More deserving of 3.5 stars. Perhaps I need to come here for a dinner date and not for brunch...hungover? We came here for brunch last Sat morning. Our party of 12 had to wait for about 40 minutes. Not too bad I guess, considering how big our group was. But really...there weren't that many diners in the restaurant. There were plenty of open tables inside AND out. Eventually, we were seated in a private dining room in the back. The thing that annoyed me most was that the front desk hostess kept giving us false time frames on when our table would be ready. So, let's talk food. Our waitress was a sweetheart and she knew how to sell the menu! I was salivating when she described the dishes to us. Eventually, I settled for the sourdough waffles with fresh strawberries. YUMMY and definitely filling. It came with a side of Tahitian vanilla bean butter!! Yes!!!  I couldn't finish my plate, but perhaps it was because I was was feeling queezy from the night's booze fest. A popular dish at our table was the corned beef hash. Again, large portions. Their beef was a bit dry though. Don't miss out on their drink menu...it's quite unique and tasty!
5	my Fiance and i are HUGE fans of Thomas Keller and Bouchon in Yountville that we had to have dinner Saturday night here while in Vegas.   We enjoyed our server and was able to have a bottle of our favorite Pinot from Melville winery.  The server recommended an amazing appetizer and we added a salad, gnocchi, mac and cheese, mushrooms and for dessert....ICE CREAM SANDWICHES MADE WITH MACARONS!!!  Absolutely to die for.  Bouchon you never let us down....our next restaurant will definitely be the French Laundry!!!!
4	Nice place not pretentious food good.   Had very high expectations.  I did not leave unsatisfied.  Will definitely return.
3	I was so wishing I could give this place 5 stars...a t least 4. Unfortunately I was disappointed. This was my first Thomas Keller experience and I really wanted it to be special :(The restaurant is very classy and the service was what you'd expect from a place of this caliber. It's the food that left me disappointed. They started me off with some french bread (too hard) and warm pistachios. I had the crispy frog legs (didn't care for them too much), grilled sturgeon (a lot of flavors that didn't necessarily go together well) and profiteroles with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce (ok).The setting was nice -- outdoor by the pool. All in all, won't be back given the options here :(
4	Went to the one in Napa and ths one looks and feels similar. Stellar food and service. Tried the breakfast specials; Bellinis, Florentine omelette and the eggs in a skillet (it was much better than I am describing it!). As always, Vegas is pricey but for a great sister restaurant to the Napa Valley location, this is wonderful choice.
2	I had high hopes for this place... Unfortunately the only thing that wowed me was the butter ! First off was our waiter, aka Steve Martin look a like wierd humor and didn't really fly with the ambience at all.. And what kind of classy restaurants don't offer a bread plate?.. The staff had keep coming over to scrape the bread crumbs up and I'm sure some of the crumbs ended up on my bag since I had it hanging on the side.  I'll start with the drinks, can we say rip off? for a 14$ cocktail I expected a little larger martini glass and the beer should have been in a larger cup !! Not that it tasted bad though portions much too small.  I'll move onto entrees.  My "special" was the fish  ...for $45 I would have expected some more side dishes or something !... The fish was chewy and dry rrellu needed more sauce, piece was small only a few pieces of veggieson side.. I was still hungry after that.  My husband ordered the lamb.. It only came with 5 thinly sliced pieces! Taste was only so so. Most ordered the steak, I don't think they had any complaints about those ... But again for $45 you could get a filet versus skirt steak ? Overall we went home with a $125 bill for two and unimpressed with the overrated food.  Plan to fill up on bread unless you're ordering steak.
5	Excellent meal and high quality service.  Had an excellent chicken and fries meal and a fantastic salad.  Though this was way better than Joel Robuchon.  Also, much chiller with nice bar dining area if you are not interested in a table or doing Vegas solo.
4	I have to admit, when I was trying to find a place to eat for a nicer dinner on our last trip to Vegas, I felt that finally being able to eat at a Thomas Keller restaurant would be putting my name on the fast track to earning some hardcore foodie street cred. Granted, it wasn't Per Se or the French Laundry, but one has to start somewhere.We had a reservation for a Sunday evening, late enough that we were hungry but not so late that we still couldn't enjoy a later show. We were seated promptly, though strangely we were not greeted for several minutes. The cocktail list is pretty on-par in terms of Vegas pricing, and considering that these are actually well made drinks, as opposed to watered down slushies in plastic cups, this was a welcome change. I do wish that they had more wine offerings under $50 a bottle, because there were essentially none in this price range, however my Bouchon Cocktail was dangerous and fresh, and my husband's Manhattan was excellent.My husband ordered the steak and frites, and I ordered the scallop special for the evening. The couple dining next to us felt their steak was tough, and although my husband didn't find it tough, he did feel that it was cooked more than he was expecting. The frites, by the way, tasted exactly like McDonald's fries. Not a bad thing, but interesting.My scallop special was good, though not outstanding: the scallops were well seared and obviously cooked well. The dish came with tomatoes, eggplant and zucchini, which were cooked amazingly, considering I do not often like 2 of those vegetables. The dish also came with some incredibly unremarkable shrimp, whose purpose I couldn't identify, and a savory herbs de provence pain perdu, which was heavenly. I would have been very happy with just the seared scallops, the pain perdu and the vegetables. The shrimp, as well as the broth the dish sat in, didn't say much to me.For dessert, my husband ordered the chocolate and burnt orange dessert, which we both enjoyed. I got one of the cheaper wines by the glass, and was incredibly pleased with it. I'm thankful and happy we were able to eat here, but would definitely choose somewhere new the next time I visit.
3	During my last trip to Vegas I happened to come here twice in as many meals (two different groups of friends wanted to come here to try this place, so I obliged). For dinner the first night, I ordered the leg of lamb. The food was good, but the portion was rather small, and I definitely left the meal still hungry and kind of regretting not joining my other group of friends at the Wynn buffet that night. As for the brunch meal the next day, I ordered the chicken and waffles. The texture of the food was unique and I could tell took a lot of skill to do, but unfortunately the flavors were a bit underwhelming. The chicken was cooked well, but the gravy was not palatable to me, and the waffles were lacking flavor.Service both times was good, and on both occasions made reservations only a few hours before each meal without any problems, so our parties were able to avoid waiting for a table each time. I would be hesitant to come back again as I feel the food is a bit overpriced for what it is, but may agree to try this place again depending on my mood at the time. I have to say I was a bit on the disappointed side, but will round this up to a 3 star review.
1	Worst fine dining experience EVER!!!  Do not come here!  Thomas Keller would be very, very disappointed.*Note - We were a group of Asians.We were in Vegas for a friend's bachelor party.  I suggested Bouchon because I've been there before and enjoyed it.  We had a reservation at 8:45pm on Saturday.  Got there on time to find out that they still needed to prep our table.  Really?  Didn't get seated till 9:10pm.  What's the point of making a reservation? A buddy complained to the manager about the wait.  The manager apologized, saying it was a misunderstanding and gave us a free round of Chimay.  We ordered our food and tried to enjoy the rest of the night.  It took 70 MINUTES for them to bring out our food.  Wow!  On top of that, the food wasn't even cook properly.  Bouchon is known to have the best french fries around.  The fries came out overcooked.  The steaks were undercooked and bland.  On the bright side, the moules-frites were pretty good.  No one finished their food.The manager came by and tried to offer us free desserts.  We told him we're not trying to get free stuff.  We just want to be respected and treated right.  The waiter was nice, so we ended up giving him a decent tip.  As we were walking out, the manager and waiter were waiting at the door with another free round of Chimay.  He KNEW they were at fault.  We took our beers and walked out, vowing never to come back...
4	I had an wonderful experience eating at Bouchon during my last visit to Las Vegas. Some friends and I were staying at Palazzo and decided to have brunch at Bouchon. Service: The service was very good. They do not take reservations for weekend brunch and we had a party of 13 people. We were seated in about 45 mins, which isn't too bad for such a large party. Once our table was ready we were seated in a nice private room. The wait staff was helpful and willing to accommodate any requests we had.Food: The food was pretty good. To start I ordered a Vanilla Latte at the bar while waiting. This was pretty good, but a little too sweet. They also had a bowl filled with mini Madalines to munch on while you waited. These were delicious. For my entree I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was very moist and quite tasty when eaten with the gravy. The waffles were perfect light and airy. I also tried a bite of my friends steak which was very tender and well seasoned.  I was very satisfied with both the food and service at Bouchon. I wouldn't mind eating here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Chicken n waffles a must. Mussels are awesome too. Call to see if they have full menu. Sometimes they only do sandwiches n salads.
5	Best French bisto in the U.S., second to only Le Comptoir in Paris in my opinion! There's really no weak points on the menu. I loved the dinner from start to finish. You really do get the sense that you just might have woken up in Paris here!
4	Make reservations if you can!! We waited an hour; but I mean, you're in friggin Vegas so I'm sure you'll find something to do? I ordered the green mussels n pomme frites (awesome). The saffron and white wine broth that it was cooked in was delicious and the portion is very generous. Definitely enough to share.  The other entree you must try is the chicken and waffles- which is done differently than the typical fried chicken; it's rotisserie and the waffle have bits of bacon in it- served with vanilla bean butter and this sweet syrup. I'm gonna go try the one in LA soon. Their onion soup and dinner menu look promising!
4	Bouchon for dinner in Yountville = ehBouchon for brunch in Vegas = YEAH!No reservations for weekend brunch.  Showed up at 10:30, were seated by 10:45.  Excellent service.  Delicious fresh sourdough bread to quell your hunger while awaiting your entree.  My friend and I shared the famous chicken & waffles and croque madame.  AMAZING x 2!!  Believe the hype - go taste it for yourself!
4	Best croissants ever! So delicate and crisp on the outside that the outer layers shatter into tiny flakes when you take a bite. Definitely try the pastry basket and include a chocolate croissant or two - great to share! The service and atmosphere were outstanding. The croque Madame, though highly recommended, was good not great. The pommes frites were also lovely - thin and crisp with a delicate interior. Brunch!
5	Brunch here was absolutely perfect. Everything I ate, my comment was "couldnt be any better."Started with their baguette w/ housemade mango jam and delicous whipped butter. Very few things I love more then a perfect bread. Fresh fried raspberry beignets were amazing.Sourdough waffles with strawberries were the perfect crunchy/chewey texture, yet I would of liked bananas on mine. Also ordered their pomme frites which could be the most absolutely perfect traditional french fry.To top it all off this restaurant is beautiful and aside from being 10 times larger then any french bistro, it really is themed very well. Was told wait was 45 and we waited no longer then 20 and the nhl playoffs were on tv. Just an amazing place and I cant wait to try the beverly hills and yountville locations.
3	I've eaten here a few times now. I definitely preferred dinner over Sunday brunch. The waits are usually long, and the food is good, but not spectacular. I prefer the bakery items. Those are sensational. Especially the cheese Danish. So good.
5	My family and I recently stayed at the Venetian and on the first morning there and then every morning after that we had breakfast at Bouchon.  If I close my eyes I can still taste the strawberry croissant!  There was 6 of us. Everyone ordered a different plate and nobody was disappointed. I don't think you can miss on any of the items on the meny. Some of the higlights were: the vanilla yogurt with fruit and granola, the Croque Madame, the french toast.They have an outdoor patio which is refreshing in Vegas and it's in the shade until late.  The bar looked like a nice place to have a quiet breakfast as well.
4	I have been to Bouchon enough times to feel confident in giving it 4 stars.  Being Thomas Keller, it couldn't be any less, but it also isn't a hole in one out of the ballpark hit.In terms of brunch, Bouchon is great.  The menu is diverse, inviting, and certainly not conducive to any easy decisions.  The pastries are across the board okay, but they don't always taste fresh.  The croissants and beignets are lovely though.  The french toast is a little underwhelming and too sweet, the waffles are good, the boudin blanc is a real winner, the quiche is dependably good, and the chicken and waffles are amazing.  None of these were bad (my expectations for the french toast were too high) but the chicken and waffles and the boudin blanc are things I ordered, took a bite, and wanted to order again.  That chicken was the most perfectly roasted chicken of my life.  My family maybe ate 4 plates of boudin blanc. It didn't end.I've only ever been there for dinner once, I think.  Everything was good, but not so memorable (I can barely recall much besides the faaantastic bread and butter).  The butter is so good here. It's so good.  As for the entrees, I tried both the Steak Frites and the Poulet Roti.  Everyone raves about the Steak Frites so I thought, hey, I have to try this.  Wrong.  Granted I'd eaten Cut the night before, but it just felt so greasy with the giant pat of butter on top.  The chicken though...that was once again a winner. Thomas Keller does chicken right.On the whole Bouchon is a mix of amazing and standard.  It's very good, but you have to be careful about what you order.  Take recommendations from your server. Don't order the steak if you have time to go to Cut. But that last one was my mistake...
2	Thomas Keller must not keep a close eye on this place.  I know it is not one of his managed restaurants, but it still has his name associated with it. Dinner started with drunk kids walking up to the patio to offer some shots to a table of older women sitting nearby.  Their ranting and cursing loudly went on for 15 minutes too long before someone escorted them out. My wife and I both ordered the roasted chicken and were not impressed, considering Keller's chicken is supposed to be legendary.  My father-in-law's steak was ordered med. rare and came out well done.  I am pretty sure a fine dining place who serves a $45 New York strip should be about to cook it at least close to med. rare. It was sent back and returned correctly, but there shouldn't be an excuse at a restaurant like this.  Overall the experience didn't come close to my expectations and I felt stupid for building it up to the guests I took there.
2	Pretty big disappointment. We arrived around noon on a Saturday in time for brunch. First come first served. Host told us it would be a 45 mins wait which turned into an hour wait. When we were finally seated, the waiter took a while to take our order and it took over 20-30 mins for the food to be served. To make matters worse, my quiche was lukewarm and didn't even taste that great. I always finish my desserts, but in this case, I didn't even eat half of the cheese danish. My fiance ordered the american breakfast which came with an orange juice. I asked the waiter for the oj and he said "oh instead of brining you the oj, I decided to not charge your friend for his oj". WHAT? Who does that??!?! Will not be back anytime soon.
5	I think Bouchon is one of those places you have to eat at least once while in Vegas.  I know, Vegas has mouth-watering cuisine at every corner, but there is something special about Bouchon.  The first time I dined at Bouchon, I was with 6 other people and we had a reservation for 8:30pm.  Our service was so painfully slow, but my Steak Frites was so buttery and tender that I forgot it almost took 45 minutes to get served.  The server also spilled sauce all over my friend's purse/jacket while clearing our plates, but he was very apologetic.I revisited a few days ago and had a 6:30pm reservation for 13 people.  Even though eating this early is not appealing for most folks, we had a substantially better experience.  The service was on point, our drinks were refilled constantly, and our food came out in a timely manner.  I tried the mussels, and the sauce is to die for.  I wish I could just sop up all of the sauce with the yummy bread.Overall, I think Bouchon has quality food for very reasonable prices ($20-$45).  Definitely better than any over-priced Vegas buffet!
5	A must try when in Vegas. The atmosphere, the food, the staff is just amazing. I had the steak and my wife had the scallops. I also loved the french fries ;). It was our last night in Vegas and the waiter told us to try out their chicken and waffles for breakfast but unfortunately, out flight was the early morning the next day. I will make sure to come back here again
4	I'd been saving my pennies for a great French meal.  I was a little scared to try Bouchon after hearing seriously mixed reviews ("It's the best EVVAAHH" to "I'd rather die than eat there again!").  But, I gave it a shot.I arrived at the restaurant and was seated immediately.  The hostess, though on her game, was a little cold. But, whatever, you see the hostess for a total of 15 seconds while she seats you and then you break up forever.  No big deal.Our waiter was a riot and very helpful.  He steered me away from ordering mussels and soup as it would've been a very liquidy meal.  And, as I don't like "gummin' it," I really appreciated the input.  The service was pretty good but not really a 5-star level.  Our food came out really quickly despite the fact it was a busy Friday night.What we ordered:"Special" Leek and Potato soup:  Creamy and delicious but served a tad too cold.  I'd order again but request it served piping hot.Goat Cheese Salad:  Awesome mix of greens with a vinagarette topped with warm goat cheese.  A good salad but not life changing.Moules au Safran (mussels and fries) :  I was sooo excited for this dish after watching Anthony Bourdain get flustered over the fries, spilling red wine everywhere, on "No Reservations. " 25- 30 mussels are served afloat in a white wine, garlic broth. Holy crap, delicious, but very intense in the garlic department (if you're on a date, do not order!). They were some of the best mussels I've had outside of Belgium.  The fries, however, were underwhelming.  Crisp at first but quickly morphing into sad, wilty little things. "Special" glazed short ribs:  Delicious bone-out short ribs cooked for 14 hours (or so said the waiter).  Came with the creamiest quinoa in the history of the world and a sweet-ass, hen-of-the-woods mushroom on top. Awesome.  I was a tad jealous of the person that ordered it.Bouchon dessert:  One of the "special" desserts. Three fudgy brownies served with strawberries and vanilla ice cream.  Best. Brownies. Ever.  Each brownie was warm with a fudgy center.  I think I said "this is ridicuous" at least four times while eating it."Special" pot de creme dessert:  Mint creme that tasted exactly like freshly picked mint from the garden.  Delicious but really not my kind of thing.  The person who ordered it loooovved it.Overall, pretty good.  I got my mussel fix but I am totally perplexed why Anthony Bourdain got all hot and bothered over Bouchon fries.  Shenanigans, Bourdain, shenanigans.
3	So many reviews of this restaurant rave about the amazing service and food. I unfortunately have to share my experience and it was a sorry excuse for an establishment of this caliber. I went for brunch on a Sunday, and arrived shortly before it got really busy. We had an abundance of waiters so it was nice to have drinks constantly refilled. The bread was nice and chewy, the beignets were delicious and the mimosa was divine. I decided to order one of their specials, the eggs Benedict. My entree arrived looking like it sat under a heat lamp for 30 minutes. I immediately cut into my poached eggs to see if they were runny, and was sadly disappointed to see that they were fully cooked. I hesitated to send them back, then my friend reminded me that I was paying $27 for this plate so I might as well get it right. I sent it back and received another plate a few moments later. The eggs on this dish were better, still not completely runny but I accepted it. The dish was quite tasty and satisfying. The waiter apologized several times for the mishap but it still left a sour taste in my mouth after wanting to eat here for so long and then paying $80 plus tip for brunch.
3	As a big fan of Thomas Keller, I feel like this location doesn't quite uphold the quality expected.  The freshly baked signature bouchon bread is still good and comes with butter and a strawberry jam.  They offer chicken and waffles here, but unfortunately the chicken is baked instead of ad-hoc fried.  The portions are fairly generous, but many dishes could be cooked better and just don't pack quite as much flavor as you would probably expect.
5	Brunch here was phenomenal.  Excellent service paired with delicious food has made this a hotspot that I plan to return to whenever I"m in Vegas for a nicer breakfast meal.Stopped in Saturday morning before my flight leaving Vegas with wife and in-laws, and tried the following:Chicken and Waffles - Chicken is absolutely tender with a perfect balance of seasoning on the skin.  Waffles were crisp on the outside and soft/chewy on the inside, with some type of fruit (raisin?) that added a hint of sweetness along with some herbs.  The waiter claimed it was life changing, and while it wasn't quite THAT good, it was definitely delicious.Smoked Salmon on Baguette - Wonderful smoked salmon in terms of flavor and texture, and the baguette was perfect.  This is one of the few times that my wife finished her dish before mine (the other being Ippudo Ramen in NYC).  It says something.Omelette - I didn't get to try this... but I've never seen my father in law clean his plate so  fast before.  It must've been good.  Or he must've been really hungry.  Or the combination of the two.Corn Beef Hash - For those that are expecting the stuff from a can, you will be disappointed.  This is freshly corned beef, tender and great flavor, not the mushy stuff in a can that people have come to expect and love (which has it's own merits as well).  Excellent dish.Verdict:  Pastries were phenomenal, location is excellent, service was perfect, food was very memorable (my mother-in-law even wrote us to thank us again for taking them to breakfast, and raved about the coffee and crossaint).  In short - the brunch meal was excellent and worth a trip!Finally, someone here mentioned that Thomas Keller doesn't keep an eye on the place, however I saw him walk out of the kitchen while I was here and sit down at a table to have breakfast with someone... I would've asked for a picture, but the conversation looked like it may have been an interview and I didn't want to be one of those rude fanboys...  I rest assured that Chef Keller still oversees the work done here.
4	I really wanted to try Bouchon while in Yountville a few years ago, but just didn't have enough time.  So, we solved the maze that is the Venetian and made our way to brunch.  I really think that Thomas Keller can do no wrong.  This location, I imagine, is a much larger scale, less intimate version of the one in Yountville.  We had the french toast and the croque madame, both of which were finished completely.  In typical fashion, portions were perfect.  The french toast was much better than your typical version, with less carbs and was far more satisfying, but was a little soggy in the middle.  Croque madame was reportedly good, but those french fries were perfect for brunch.. not too oily.4 stars for a great brunch.  If only I had this near my home.  The only real downside is the price, but I found that to be a recurring theme in Vegas.
4	Our best meal in Vegas on our last trip, Bouchon is an incredibly French, romantic, cavernous, tiled bistro.  We went after a show and had some trouble finding it - you walk down beautiful, surreal, baroque hallways to get there.  For dinner we had four pairs of the four oysters offered that evening - all fresh and delicious, fried frogs legs (which were a little bland), a wonderful hearts-of-palm salad, and equally splendid roasted beet and fennel salad, the sturgeon and a special skate wing.  The only problem was both our fish mains were a bit overcooked, which sadly diminished what would otherwise have been two simple but elegant seafood dishes.  Our desserts were incredible and classic bistro choices: profiteroles and that really nice rich, warm chocolate sauce one gets in France, and an orange-chocolate mousse with burnt caramel.  The techno on the speakers was a bit odd and our server, while very nice, was a bit inexperienced and amateurish.  Overall, recommended - and their wine list is medium-length but offers an excellent variety (3-6 choices for each varietal) of French and other wines.  We will go back either to this one or the one in LA to try more choices before committing to this review.
5	Another diamond in the rough from Chef great Thomas Keller.  I've only dined at this location, but I never think to visit Vegas without making a special trip to Bouchon.  Previously, I had eaten there for brunch with a close friend.  She had the lox and french bread, and I had the delectable Oeufs et Boudin.  The Boudin is homemade, a mouth-watering mixture of lamb, veal, and chicken, served adorned with a rich truffle sauce and perfectly prepared egg scramble.  Most recently, we dined for dinner and enjoyed our meal al fresco on the lovely Parisian patio.  I had the roast chicken atop a lovely sauteed spinach and greens.   Simple, tender, bursting with flavor surprises of tarragon, dill, and French herbs.  We went with the recommendation of our waiter, and I strongly advise you listen to their expertise!  My friend had the Trout Almondine with asparagus - a gorgeous display, and an even more gorgeous taste.  The wine list is supreme, and the desserts are decadent.  Lastly, but most importantly - try the waffles.  They are yeasted waffles, and unlike any flavor I've ever experienced.  The drizzled syrup only feeds my addiction to the strange and unique taste...crispy on the outside, soft and spongy on the inside.  It's my little corner of Parisian heaven.
4	Having been to Bouchon in Napa, I was interested to visit it's sister restaurant in Vegas.So it's located inside the Venetian/Palazzo.  Dropped by there one afternoon.Host was rude ... was chatting on the phone for about 5 minutes before she even acknowledged we were there, HOWEVER, our experience there totally made up for that.Ate at the bar.Bread was delicious - super fresh.Oysters were to die for.Wine was fantastic.Great place to sit and chat with someone ... as we did.Our bartender/server was a really great lady - with a lot of style and grace.Very laid back atmosphere.Again, very European feel.Really enjoyed my experience there.
5	In the craziness of Vegas, Bouchon was a peaceful morning retreat.  Bouchon is tucked away in Venetian and like it's simple classic decor, breakfast there was delicious and uncomplicated. My sisters and I started with a carafe of fresh grapefruit juice and beignets.  The beignets were perfectly hot, fluffy, and sweet.  My sisters had the French Toast with apples and Ham & Tomato Omelet.  I had the Sourdough Waffles with fresh strawberries.  Everything dish was light, perfectly prepared, and tasted wonderful.   Service was pleasant and unobtrusive yet attentive.  Bouchon will be my go-to spot when I need a little peace and quiet in Vegas!
5	We had a great dinner here! Wine was perfect. We had a cheese plate (amazing), fish fritter thing( can't remember the French name). These were good but alittle salty. Also had steak and fries. This steak was unbelievable, butter and onions on top, OMG! Dessert was a special chocolate something and again, good! Go here, it is alittle hidden away from the rest of the hotel/ casino which I liked. Service was also great ( good job Kelly!) I want to go back to try more!
5	I have found "My Last Meal".  My wife and I first came to love Bouchon in 2009 while staying at The Palazzo.  We have since been there a handful of times.  It is a must stop for us when we visit Vegas.Breakfast and Coffee are exceptional.  I enjoy the Hash and Eggs.  My Wife loves the Beignets.My Last Meal on Earth:  I would start off by ordering an Ice Cold Draft Beer.  Next is the Rillettes aux deux Saumons = Great Flavor and what a way to get started.  I then move on to the Assiette de Charcuterie and another Beer.  Next comes the Oysters on the half shell.  They have a wonderful selection of the freshest oysters you can find, and we are in Vegas.  Finally comes the moment of my biggest delight.  My main course would be the Chicken and Waffles.  They are by far the best Chicken and Waffles you will ever have, and the chicken is roasted not fried. To finish off my last meal I would have one more beer.My wife and I are huge foodies and This is my Favorite Restaruant in the States.
1	bad service.  they forgot to seat us, sat us at table that was open for 30 min. , they never took drink orders then took 45 min to bring out a diet coke.  Onion soup was good, the rest of the parties food was good, my steak was bad, really bad.  Tasted like it was from Dennys.  Maybe I got a bad cut, but I wouldn't go back.
4	My mouth was watering at the thought of tasting Thomas Keller's cuisine for weeks before I visited Vegas.  While it was tasty, I consider anything under 5 stars for Keller to be a disapointment.The servers were friendly, helpful and accommodating, funny and personable without being overbearing.  They offered tastes of drinks and were happy to describe anything on the menu in vivid detail.  These were our dishes, and my thoughts.1.  Oysters:  These were from New Brunswick, and they were good.  I've had good oysters and bad ones, and these were among the best.  But that's to be expected.2.  Terrine de foie gras:  This was rich.  Very rich.  It was a struggle to finish, which is not how I've ever felt eating foie.  I also prefer a seared piece of liver, rather than the terrine.  It was a little salty.3.  Cheese plate:  We ate 6 cheeses, and 3 of them were fantastic.  The others were average for a restaurant of such caliber.  I'll give them this one.  It was a great selection.Appetizers were good.  If the meal had stopped here, I may have leaned toward five stars.4.  Steak Frites:  This was run of the mill.  The pommes frites were tasty, but the cut of steak was tougher and less flavorful than I had hoped.  I wouldn't recommend this entree.5.  Roasted chicken:  It was moist and well cooked, but seasoned too heavily.6.  Pan seared skate:  This was my first time trying this dish, and it may be the ingredients rather than the cooking, but I was thoroughly unimpressed.  It was tough, dry, and way too salty.  I don't usually leave dishes unfinished, but this was one.7.  Lamb:  This was the best item I ate that evening.  It was moist, flavorful and accompanied by a delicious sauce.  I'd recommend this to diners at Bouchon.As I said earlier, it wasn't a bad meal.  I just had such high expectations, and I was let down.  It was not the best meal I had during my two-day visit to Las Vegas.  Not bad, but proceed with caution, especially for Keller fanatics.
5	Very nice, great food. comfortable surroundings.
2	I was so very excited to eat at a Thomas Keller restaurant! What a complete disappointment.The place was empty at dinner, and that should have told me something.I was seated outside and provided two "vines" of bread with butter & a small bowl of pistachios. One of the stars I'm giving is for the butter, which was the perfect texture & consistency. I ate the bread, which was hard and stale, primarily for the butter.As a first course, they were doing an off-menu special of Fruits De Mer, which the waiter described as a take on bouillabaisse. Small bowl of bland, bland, bland, flavorless tomato water with the most tender seafood I have ever out in my mouth. The squid and octopus were the most incredible texture, which sadly was not complemented by the rest of the dish. Accompanied by a "crostini" which was an untested slice of stale bread slathered with an average aioli. The seafood accounts for the second star.I ordered the lamb for a main. I love lamb, and eat it on the rare side...but not the purple side. Totally undercooked, poorly seared, and just rubbery.it was served with undercooked peas and some tasty square of an unidentified food that may have been potato. The lamb was inedible and I sent it back. Got another one that was almost as rare and completely gristly, rubbery and inedible. And completely oversalted. That was it, I sent it back and checked out.Thomas Keller has the reputation of being a perfectionist - that's his brand. I felt this was very much a case where a celebrity chef has lent their name to a restaurant that they haven't set foot in since it opened. I cannot believe that Keller would, for even a moment, allow the horrible food that came out of that kitchen to bear his name.At least I hope not.So many great dining choices in Vegas. Skip this one for one where the chef is actually aware of the food being sent out.
5	Best chicken and waffles I ever had as well as best bloody mary. The service is excellent! You must get the chicken and waffles! My fav restaurant for brunch in the world.
4	I had the croque madame, classic rendition of a ham and cheese. Although I wished that dish came out hot it was seers a bit cool, nonetheless it was delicious.  Also the pomme Frits were surprisingly excellent without it being too soft and too salty in flavor, a must go for brunch.
4	I just had my friend's leftovers for lunch today. And I am NOT a leftovers type of girl. And let me please clarify, she had leftovers because she was stuffed from all the pre-entree bites.There were 4 of us total that had dinner last night at the bistro. The menu is filled with French classics and perfected dishes. This place sure did deliver. Here's what we had:To start*crusty and tasty Epi Baguette, butter, and pistachios*3 piece tasting portion of cheeses- we chose Barely Buzzed (cow's milk rubbed with coffee), Humbolt Fog (goat's milk), and Idiazabal (sheep's milk). The sheep's milk cheese was very mild compared to the other 2, while the goat's milk was my favorite. The cheese is accompanied by thin slices of apple, herb roasted olive loaf and the most devilishly delicious honey.*French Onion Soup- so rich in flavor. And the layer of cheese on top is thick and melted just right.Entrees*Steak Bouchon- 2 of us chose this New York strip steak with green asparagus, Lyonnaise potatoes & sauce au poivre. The steak is flavorful, the asparagus are sweet yet buttery, and the sauce adds a whole new flavor dimension to the beef.*Crispy Skin Arctic Char- this was the special of the night. The skin on the fish was unbelievably crispy, which I love. Another love on this plate: the morel mushrooms. Each bite of mushroom was meaty with an incredible BUTTER flavor. There was a vegetable puree, carrots and gnocchi as well.I am sad to say, we were too stuffed for dessert. And I didn't want to hold back the party and eat a whole dessert on my own. So next time...Quick tip: ask to eat outside. The patio area is lovely, surrounded by the Venetian and Palazzo buildings and fountains.
1	Had the brunch on a Sunday. Here's why I gave it 1 whole star...1. It's like the bastard brother of the BH location. It looks similar, but just a little trashy. I guess you have the Vegas crowd to blame for that, as most of the crowd was drunkenly and proudly sporting tank tops and flip flops.2. Food looked similar to the BH location, but appearances are deceiving. Tuna sandwich must have had a dumpster truck sized serving of salt on it. And the bread was so hard and chewy I might as well have been eating a Rainbow flip flops.3. Front desk lady (older one) was very weird. I ask her for the menu while I'm waiting. She makes eye contact. Continues to make eye contact for about 5 seconds. Doesn't move or blink. Then the other lady, who had her back turned to me hands me one.I love the BH location, but I will never be back to this one...
4	Pineapple jam, must have more!Bouchon may be difficult to find at the Venezia, but its worth going to. Freshly baked bread, friendly staff, and delicious pastries. Good: Freshly baked goods. Bad: May be hard to find. Final: Pretty good place to go for brunch in Vegas.
2	What a huge disappointment.  My husband and I stayed at The Venetian and heard good things about Bouchon so we thought we'd give it a try for our one year anniversary dinner.  What a mistake that was!   I ordered the skate and my husband had the steak frites; both were WAY too salty/overseasoned - almost to the point where his steak was not edible.  My skate was bland, albeit too salty, and seenmed soggy in the center but dry on the outside.  I ordered the potato puree side which could have used MORE seasoning as it was very bland.   As I mentioned, my husband's steak was way way too salty and, frankly, the cut of meat was not good.  We did order a pork & shiitake mushroom appetizer which was actually very good so I was surprised with the poor quality of our entrees.On a positive note, our server was very attentive and  provided great service.Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.  I would not return.
4	Great breakfast - had steak and eggs.Pace and service is VERY leisurely, even during the week.  We enjoyed our breakfast outside on the "veranda" overlooking the Venezia pool.
4	Since I usually take the red-eye to Vegas, my first order of business upon arrival is breakfast. Bouchon has become my go-to spot for my first meal while in town, although I admit I have to relearn how to get there every single time I go. The Croque Madame is a good fall-back, but be sure to check out their specials as well. Service is excellent.I'm going to echo the recommendations to check out their bakery outlet at the Venetian to pick up macarons and other yummy treats.
5	I read there's a must try place for brunch in Vegas and it's Bouchon.The place can be hard to find so the best thing to do is ask someone when you walk into the Venetian how to get here.  It's actually in the Venezia tower.  The employees in the Venetian are all really helpful and will get you there.The place had a long lineup when we arrived and the hostess added us to the waiting list and told us it'd be about 30 minutes.  She showed us a sitting area where we could wait and there was some pastries that they had for people to snack on.I tried the pastries and honestly I could have ate all of them and skipped brunch because they were that damn delicious!  Thankfully I had some self control...trust me this isn't often and held off to try brunch.The hostess got us early and quickly sat us at a booth.  The place is pretty nice inside.  Our waitress came over and brought us some water, our menus and some bread. I LOVED the bread they brought.  It's some of the best bread I've had since being in France.  The butter was great and the homemade jam was fabulous.We ended up ordering some lobster, I ordered an omelet of the day (I don't even remember what was in it!) and my friend ordered a salmon benedict. The lobster was really damn good.  The older table beside us commented on how they liked our style.  They were super friendly and we had some great conversation with them.Our omelet and salmon came.  My omelet also came with sausages and toast.  I took a bite of the toast and wasn't impressed but I just had some fantastic bread and lobster.  I left it but started putting some serious work into my omelet and sausages.  The omelet was honestly the best omelet I've had...I don't recall all the things that were in it but it was cooked perfectly.  The eggs were extremely fluffy like scrambled eggs but was in an omelet form.  I struggled to finish it and it took me a long time.My friend loved her salmon and told me it was the best one she's had. I will definitely drop by the next time I'm in Vegas which will probably be next year to try something new.Thank you Bouchon, thank you for a wonderful brunch.
2	I know I'm going against the trend but I can truly say, I've had better, which is what a 2-star rating is means. Any average bistro in France will serve at least as good as this if not better for half the cost. O.k. so we are not in France so you have to pay extra, which I don't mind but it should be really, really good if I'm going to plunk down $38 for an entree and no sides.First about the food...We shared the grilled octopus salad, which was very nice. It was the best dish of the evening. The octopus was tender and mild, accompanied with some citrus sauce, rocket, and various peppers and pickled peppers.My husband had the flat iron steak and fries. I had read rave reviews of the fries but it turns out they are just fries. They remind me of In & Out. We have a local bistro that has much better fries. The steak was good, cooked to order, with carmelized onion puree and some chive butter. Good but not spectacular.I had the leg of lamb with escarole. Leg of lamb is a pretty big hunk of meat but this presentation was very thin medallions of lamb--about 8 small bites of meat. Yes, it was nice but nothing special. The escarole was fine, and it had about 1/4 cup of tasteless quinoa. I would have much preferred rich, creamy mashed potatoes. The highlight of the dish was the Hen of the Woods mushroom--fantastic! I would have ditched the lamb and rather had a plate of those.We were so unimpressed that we decided to go without dessert. Ironically, it was our anniversary and the reservationist asked if it was a special occassion, which we said it was, and the matre d and waiter both gave congratulations but actually, that was the end of it. Have you ever been to any kind of restaurant that asks you if it is a special occassion and then does nothing? Not even a stupid chocolate-covered strawberry. For those prices and that hype, you would expect a little something when you are paying $175 for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 glasses of wine. Why bother to ask? The good thing is that we have always contemplated going to the French Laundry but this changed our mind. It would pain me too much to pay $600 and be disappointed. Again, it was certainly not a bad experience and it was a good meal, but not at the price.
2	DISAPPOINTING.  Maybe it was because it's a holiday weekend, but the service was very poor...  As expected, it took about 30 minutes to be seated, which we were fine with.  Our waitress was quick to approach us and we put our orders in 5 minutes after being seated.  We then waited...a and waited... and waited. It then took us 35 minutes to get one pan au chocolate.  35 minutes for a single pre-made pastry? Come on!  At about 50 minutes in, we asked about the status of our courses.  We were then told "o, the chicken and waffles take some time to be made."  If it truly takes an hour for them to make chicken and waffles, they should put a warning on the menu.  That being said, we saw plenty of other people get their chicken and waffles in under the 1 hour it took us to get ours.  We also got a croque madame an hour in that was so-so.  By the time our food came we werent' hungry any more.  We ate, paid our bill, and left.  Of the 2 hours we spent at Bouchon, 1.5 hours were spent waiting.  We rarely saw our waitress (although we saw our servers plenty and they were very helpful).That being said, the chicken part of the chicken and waffles is good.  Howevere, I do not pay more than $60 for brunch just for good chicken.  I expect a better dining experience.  I almost would prefer dennys.
4	Very good food and beautiful setting. Excellent lobster and salmon.
3	Who the F hired the hostesses that work here?My sis and I decided to grab dinner here during our stay in Vegas this weekend.  She had been here before & loved it, and I trust her judgement.  We arrived around 9:00 and I asked for a table for a party of 2.  The blond hostess looks at me, kind of like she was contemplating whether to seat us or not, says, "Um okay?" Then she asks us if we would like to wait at the bar or in the lounge, and I said the lounge, so we proceeded to wait in the lounge.  She did not take down our name, by the way.As we were waiting, I noticed at least 8 parties roll in after we arrived & get seated before us.  Not okay.  Did we look too young?! Were we not dressed up enough?  I was livid.  Then I decided that it would be clever to make a reservation for 9:30 right then & there on opentable to see if it would get us seated quicker.  But then around the 10th party that got seated before us & arrived after, I got super pissed off and went up to the guy at the front desk this time and asked him how much longer we'd have to wait to get seated.  The hostess had told us a few minutes and it was now 25 minutes later. He asked for my name, to which I then said, "The hostess didn't take down our name, and I just made this reservation a couple minutes ago on open table, because I wasn't sure what it would take to get a table." He immediately said that our table was ready.The rest of the experience was great.  I LOVED our server. He was so funny and attentive.  5 stars for our awesome server. 3.5 stars for the food. We started off with the beignets.  Delicious, but a bit too salty and I think I tasted alcohol in it.  My sis ordered the trout and I ordered the mussels.  The trout was amazing! It came with toasted almonds and green beans.  Perfectly cooked.  My mussels were good, not great, but good.  Ended the meal with the creme brulee, which was a great choice.Thank goodness for our server constantly checking up on us and cracking jokes.  Otherwise my night would have been ruined by that dumb blond hostess.  I managed to throw her a dirty look as we were getting seated, so that made me feel a bit better.
2	The service from the wait staff was as good as I remembered.  Our waiter was extremely attentive and humorous, which saved this from being a one-star review, as I left the restaurant in quite a good mood.How could a restaurant known for superb service and delicious food (my trout with toasted almonds and green beans was flavorful and rich without being too heavy) even warrant the consideration of a one-star rating after it already received a four-star rating?The snooty (or maybe she was just slow) hostess is the reason behind this.  My sister and I showed up for a late dinner last night at a time when there were plenty of empty tables.  After approaching one of the hostesses (the blonde one in her mid-to-late forties), she hesitated as she gave us the once-over and said our table would be ready in a few minutes.  Close to half an hour later, it was not.  She had just simply decided that we weren't good enough to be served based on either age, dress, or race.  Or maybe all that cheap hair dye eroded at her brain and she wasn't capable of remembering to seat patrons.  Whatever it was, management at Bouchon might want to retrain their staff and remind them that the restaurant business is not just about food, it's about service and the overall .  And service doesn't only start when patrons are seated.  It starts the moment customers walk through the door and lasts until they leave.  The way to circumvent a situation like this is to just make an OpenTable reservation on the spot.  Works a lot better than relying on a hostess to do her job properly.  Remembering to seat people can be way too taxing of a task for some.
4	TONS OF FRIES, clams were great, we had the frog legs which was the best ive had there but the boy didn't like them that much. I had the skate which was very good. Did i mention the FRIES? there were sooo many and i was horrified i finished them all. I wish they gave us a bread basket but we were overlooked and didn't get one. oh well..
3	If you're specifically looking for a French style brunch with very heavy food, this is the place to be. If you plan on doing anything else for the rest of your day, probably not the best idea.I ordered the Croque Madame, and it was definitely very tasty. Full of rich flavor. But man, for hours later I felt like I was walking around with a brick in my stomach. True to French form (or at least, the stereotype), they really pack as many heavy calories as possible into a small mass of food. My wife is a huge fan of both bread pudding and french toast, so the combo of both on the menu had to be a big hit, right? Same issue though, she said it was just too over the top with sweetness and heaviness.Granted, this is more of a "not my kind of food" review, but hopefully the above description will give you a better idea of what you're getting into. I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'll be going back. The service was also very spotty, which I hardly ever care about, but this time it was pretty glaring. At times, it felt like they forgot we were there for even simple things like a menu, providing bread with the butter and jelly they put on the table, taking our order, getting our check, etc. Tthough they were very sharp with refilling our waters, I'll give them that.
3	Went here for Brunch this past weekend.  It was ok. I ordered the corned beef hash w/ scrambled egg whites on top w/ brioche toast.  The dish was ok.  I've had better.  But it was definitely the first time I've seen the potatoes/meat cubed.  The bread they served in the beginning was pretty cool looking and pretty fresh and yummy.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dish but not amazed or anything.I guess its a good place to go for brunch when you're in Vegas.
5	Beignets. Sourdough Waffles. Cappucino. All delicious. It was my first time here and it was absolutely wonderful! Best breakfast in Vegas, hands down.  Everything is super fresh and made to perfection. Sitting outside is also a really nice touch because you're sitting out in a courtyard with the fountains and everything on a nice warm morning. Beignets - French donuts, never had them, but they are amazing! Warm and fluffy, coated in sugar and you have the choice of spreading either warm hazelnut spread or strawberry jam. Both are really good!Sourdough waffles - They were so light and crisp. The strawberries were sweet and the maple syrup was thin and sweet. Yummy!
4	I like bouchon. I'm normally not even a pastry fan but I really like the pastries they served here. The pastry basket comes with your choice of 4 different pastries and they come out nice and warm a great starter to share for the table. Their main dishes also won't disappoint. i tried the chicken and waffles which was excellentI tried the oysters here too. Not too bad! Although, I am a huge fan of oysters so I generally like all types of oysters :P
5	Went there for brunch... fantastic. We sat outside and even in the middle of the summer it was lovely outside. I wouldn't recommend it during the middle of the day though. Had the sourdough waffles and the french toast. Both were fantastic... the waffles had cinnamon in the batter which was amazing.
4	I had to go back here for brunch as the l enjoyed it so much the last time.  We wound up over-ordering again as we did the night before...well, Vegas is all about excess!  We started off with the sampler of pastries: beignets, chocolate croissant, cheese danish, and cinammon bun, with the cheese danish being the best of the bunch.  They were definitely much bigger than expected though...we were already kind of full before our savory orders came in!Since we did a lot of drinking the previous night, we all felt like some eggs.  I got the croque madame, which is absolutely the perfect hangover food with the fried egg and sauce on top, and fries on the side.  Nothing like fried starch and fatty food to get rid of that hangover!  I had a taste of the quiche and the omelette as well, but I liked my dish better!I have to say I was a bit disappointed by the bellini...it just didn't taste as good as it did the first time I went here.  There's more juice now compared to the bubbly, and it seems like the bubbly they use isn't as good quality. Service was pretty good, considering there were a ton of people there.  I would still go back on future visits, though I'd probably stick to only the pastry or the eggs and not both.  Who says French food has teensy portions?  Apparently that isn't true in Vegas!
3	I'll start off by saying that I had an enjoyable dinner at Bouchon, but judging from the reviews on yelp, Bouchon's strong point is probably their brunch.Between myself and my two companions, we had: a dozen oysters, a duck breast salad, grilled octopus salad, a summer squash soup, two lamb dishes, the roast chicken, a cardamom pot de creme and a creme brulee.The highlight of the meal was the dessert, closely followed by the oysters -- the rest of the dishes were good but nothing was surprising.Also, the hostess was rude to my friends and I was a little disappointed that their in-restaurant menu was different and less adventurous than what was posted on the website.
3	If I was reviewing the food alone, Bouchon would be 5 stars hands down. But a big part of dining experience is the service, and that was bad. We had a group of 8, walked in a few minutes before our reservation, the hostess said our table is being setup right now and we'll be seated in 10 minutes. 30 minutes we finally got seated. The bread and toasted pistachios were delicious, but that's all we had to munch on for another good 20 minutes before the waiter came over and very rudely interrupted our table's conversation to read us the specials. Another 15 minutes to come back and take our orders. I ordered the daily special, braised short ribs with polenta, caramelized shallots, spinach, and shiitake mushroom fondue. By then I was famished, couldn't wait to eat my amazing meal, but after the rest of my table all got their dinners, mine still wasn't out. Short ribs already braised for 12hrs should have been the first thing on the plate! Nobody came to check if everything was ok, we had to flag down a waiter to let them know that we're missing a plate. The manager came by to apologize that the waiter forgot to put my order in, by the time I finally got my meal, the rest of my table's dinners were getting cold. These are the times when I would reduce the tip, a tip is purely for good service, but of course they have a "mandatory" 20% already added to the bill. While the food was good, I would probably never come back here again. Now that I think about it, haven't had a great experience with service at any French restaurant.
3	Pretty place, but pretty overrated.  I wanted to love it as I heart the strawberry croissant he has in his bakery, but breakfast at Bouchon was pricey and so average.  My quiche was dry and had too much of an egg taste.  I know, it is a quiche - what did I expect!?!  My fault for ordering it and trying to order something new.  The french toast was too fancy in a layered circle ring.  It was more like dessert and not at all breakfast-like.  The lobster egg benedict was good.  My uncle took off ALL the wild mushrooms as they tasted 'weird'.    I guess fancy food is lost on me.  However, the Croque Madame was the WINNER - ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg topped with some kinda creme sauce and fries on the side.   That was the BEST dish of all.   The our server was a bit haughty and answered our questions with a straight face - no smile - no small talk.  She gave us our bill without a pen and made a face when I asked for one.   Next time I'll hit the coffee cart by the escalators and get a Bouchon strawberry croissant at a very small fraction of the price of brunch.
5	AMAZING French food!!  I ordered the mussels in white wine sauce and my husband had the salmon.  The salmon had a little crunch to it from be crusted with brown sugar but after you bite into it, it just melts (literally) into your mouth.  Service here is brilliant!!
4	I have been to Bouchon probably a dozen times over the years and it has yet to disappoint. It is French bistro food done very well, so don't expect something more pretentious, ground breaking or trendy.The staff here has always been great, and there was even a period when they remembered my favorite waiter and let me know if her was there or not when I arrived.They have a great wine list with some very off-beat offerings - don't be afraid to use the Sommelier - he or she will help you no matter how much you know about wine.Don't forget oysters and/or a seafood tower.Deserts are amazing, the digestif list is amazing.Just make sure you do research on how to find it...this can be a little confusing the first time!If you are solo or in a hurry, hit the bar - you can get a great meal and a glass of wine and enjoy watching the staff work their magic.
3	Definitely pricey so be prepared. Also there was a 30 minute wait when we got there. If you are in the waiting area, sometimes they have samples to calm your hunger.Things we ordered:Corned beef hash - nothing special about this dish. It looked pretty but was a bit salty for my taste. Sourdough Waffles - Sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter. My partner thought that this was excellent!Chocolate Croissant - we took to-go for the plane ride home and it was absolutely magnificent.
3	Being a food enthusiast and culinary hobbyist, I was more than a little excited to be going to brunch with my wife at Thomas Keller's Bouchon. Perhaps a little too much so. I've never had the privilege to dine at the world famous French Laundry in Napa, but when you're pimping your "other restaurant" with the name and reputation you established at the first, I think it's completely understandable for people to expect something special from the "other restaurant".  While everything we had was very good and impeccably prepared. Nothing was what I would call special.  Especially not for the price tag that comes attached. Maybe my expectations were a little high, but I expected something more...  well, "Wow!", and what we got was something that many hobbyists could have executed with equal success.I had a white sausage made from veal and chicken with a beurre noisette, which was served with eggs, and for this I was charged $25. The sausage was extremely delicate but also very mild; to the point where you were looking for some flavor. This is fine if the sausage is to be accompanied by a sauce or something else, but this was given just a smidgeon of beurre noisette, which was also extraordinarily mild to the point of being also barely perceptible. And the eggs were, well eggs.The breads were excellent, the service was excellent, D'Artagnan also excellent, but it was not anything more (nor less) than I would have been able to get at any other nice hotel restaurant serving breakfast/brunch. In fact there is a semi-high restaurant not too far from me in Newport Beach that doesn't have the benefit of a James Beard Award winner as their owner, and for that same price, I can get unlimited mimosas, and brunch items like salmon, or even venison, that put to shame Bouchon's sausage, and their brunch is also usually accompanied by a jazz combo or piano. So I was mildly disappointed with my first taste of a Thomas Keller menu.
5	If I knew how to say amazing in French I would.My party has reservations for 8:30PM. I have to say, I was skeptical at first as we waited almost 15 - 20 minutes to be sat even though we had a reservation and it was clear there tables open and available.Skepticism GONE!Our waiter Paul was amazing. Althought the Bouchon is sophisticated, he was so down to earth and friendly that ordering from him and taking his advice seem natural.We order wine, drinks, apatizers, meals and desserts. The Steak Frites and Rack of Lamb were both wonderful!!!!! I wish I had the steak frites right now in front of me.After dinner as we contemplated dessert, Paul asked what we were in the mood for and said he knew exactly what to bring us. He surpised us with the most amazing desserts that weren't even on the menu. Then the two tables next to starting talking and before we knew it Paul combined all three tables and we stayed an extra hours with our knew friends and amazing wine. Wonderful restaurant, wonderful experience!!!!!!!!
4	Located on the tenth floor of the Venetian in Las Vegas, you'll find Thomas Keller's Bouchon. This restaurant defines luxury dining in Las Vegas. The beautiful decor is the perfect setting. From the French pewter bar, elegant dark wooden chairs, antique light fixtures to the vibrant mosaic floor. Never visiting Paris, I would imagine this is what a Paris Bistro is like, with a distinctive homey feel. Why is Bouchon the epitome of luxury?The service is definitely praise worthy. Our server was very knowledgeable and genuinely friendly. Servers are dressed like someone you'd see in a French painting. White collar shirts, black vests and a long white apron knotted at the back. Managers patrol the room, lurking over each table, checking if anything needs doing.Our server then introduces us to our sommelier for the evening. He couldn't be a better choice. He was knowledgeable and very enthusiastic about wine, but without pretentiousness. Bouchon only carries local wines, which is quite surprising considering they're a French Bistro. Nonetheless, they're very particular with the California wines they choose. The wines are selected in barrel from the cellars of the finest wine makers California has to offer, and are exclusive to the restaurant.The menu is a single folded sheet of brown paper; it is, for the most part, a very standard traditional menu. With the daily special chalked on a blackboard. Not expecting anything less, we're served promptly. As the server walked through the dining room, a couple gazed to see what she was serving. The steam, and the wonderful scents catch their attention. It's Thomas Keller's famous French Onion Soup. After one taste of this soup, I knew it was on my favorite's list. Intense flavors, a beautiful balance of sweet and salty, and topped with caramelized gruyere cheese.My main entree was a treat for the eyes. Colorful and well put together. Gigot d' Agneau, a very rustic dish originating from the south of France. Perfectly cooked lamb, just under medium, served on a cassoulet of pole beans, and topped with pickled lambs tongue. Finally, it's topped with savory infused lamb jus (juice). A party for the palate! Last but not least, dessert is served. I decided to go with one of my favorite traditional French treats. Marquis ou Chocolate. Dark chocolate mousse with burnt orange cream. This French treat is like eating a giant truffle. Not only did the orange add a bejeweled touch, its citrus notes brightened the chocolate. However, I did expect more flavor from the dark chocolate itself. I had a hard time finding the bitter notes of cocoa, and still this dish makes a strong magnificent statement.Looking around you don't see any plates going back untouched, to say the least. Tom Keller's ideas on how to meet French techniques with a California sense are intact. This contemporary yet sophisticated Bistro has made my top ten faves. After my experience, I will be back expecting nothing less. I hear Tom's brunch is something spectacular!
5	Thank you, Bouchon, for saving what would have been a miserable culinary experience at Las Vegas.  My poor dad got to have a wonderful breakfast for Father's Day after the disappointment of dinner.Having had a pleasant experience here two years prior, I was determined to set things right and led my family here.  My mom was sold the moment we were seated outside.  The waiter was friendly and personable and made us all feel comfortable and at ease. We ordered the chicken and waffles, corned beef hash, steak and eggs benedict, and omelette du jour.  I'm infinitely glad I got to try the chicken and waffles this time; it's Bouchon's best dish for a reason.  The chicken is flavorful and moist and pairs well with the waffle, which tastes great by itself or with syrup.  My omelette was large, fresh, and tasty, bursting with mushrooms and peppers.  The corned beef hash was also pretty good, but the steak and eggs benedict was just okay as the English muffin was rather soggy and hard to cut through.My family was very pleased with the overall experience.  For delicious food, excellent service, and comfortable, relaxed dining, we'll take Bouchon over a buffet any day.
4	Amazing service, amazing food.We were at the bistro close to closing time  . They happily sat us and we never felt hurried.Shared a fabulous grilled octopus salad that is perfectly grilled and served warm on a bed of arugula with a great dressing.I has the skate, which is good but not mind-blowing. The special of the day is what blew our mind. The veal was simply out of this world. Succulent and slightly fatty and just perfect.I couldn't decide on dessert and our waiter brought over a surprise dessert not on the menu called - three mini dark choc brownie with white chocoate. Mr Keller, we need this in NYC! Not just the bakery!
5	Ate at Bouchon during breakfast, and it couldn't have been more perfect. I ordered the American breakfast which included, coffee, juice, a gorgeous pastry, plus eggs, bacon, sausage, and beautiful brioche. I ordered my eggs poached and they came over brioche toast points, in a decadent butter sauce. The coffee was pored from a silver server, perfectly brewed, and my juice was fresh squeezed. All this for 22 dollars? Perfect! Thomas Keller is the man!
4	Oh the few times I eat fancy.4.5/5 on Food. Came here for dinner on Friday night and the wait wasn't too bad. They over-exaggerated the wait time so it was speedy. I ordered the Steak Frites with macaroni gratin. Two other's in my party ordered the Steak Frites and our waitress was helpful to let us know that it comes with ALOT of fries and told us that we can substitute the frites for sweet corn or spinach. My friend got the sweet corn which was awesome and I totally loved it while I got the spinach. The spinach was not too bad, reminded me of the stir-fried chinese spinach but cooked with olive oil and a tad saltier. Totally random but all this can go with some rice haha. Moving on to the steak, I ordered a medium rare one which was FLAWLESS; I had to savor each bite because it was just that good. I also tried the ratatouille for the first time and I have to say it also blew my mind away because when I went to Wicked Spoon to try their's, it tasted like crap. The Gigot d'Agneau was pretty good too, just seemed a bit small of a portion but oh well. Also the frites? Not too sure what to say but they were legit French fries and were excellent as well!Service was what made me drop it to 4 stars. Waitress and a server seemed to not be paying attention at times and our server didn't really appear to have a good mood on his face. What was also weird was another party came later than us but got their food a lot faster than we did.All in all the bill wasn't too bad and literally satisfied. So down to come back here again or the Beverly Hills location since it's closer to me.
2	I had high expectations for this place, what with Thomas Keller's reputation and the gaudy yelp standing and the circuitous route to get to the spot and my love of brunch.We left disappointed.  The service was awful.  My theory behind th bad service stems from the preponderance of European and foreign folk that seemed to fill every table.  Euro's don't tip.  The wait staff surely gave up trying to earn their tips through stellar service long ago.  That attitude is unfortunate because I am a fat tipper and our server ignored us and rolled her eyes at us and otherwise undermined our meal.  The pastries were all stale.The entrees came out one at a time over the course of 15 minutes.I had to ask 3 times where my sticky pecan roll was.  When I finally got it it was dried out and uninspired.Sauteed spinach that came with one of the dishes was unseasoned, inedible, and unnecessary.I had the croque madame which was really good.  All of the entrees were great, actually, but the combination of awful service and stale pastries left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Breakfast done right.  They usually have a few 'specials' posted and those are probably the best deals.  I ordered the flat steak omelet w/ peppers and onion.  It came with choice of sausage or bacon with bread of choice.  The omelet was cooked well, the sausage was tasty, and the bread with the marmalade was excellent.  All for $14.99.  Not bad at all.On top of the good food, the decor, service, and overall ambiance make it a very enjoyable experience.
5	We ate here for breakfast and it was AMAZING...suprisingly the yogurt parfait was probably the best thing that I have ever eaten. I thought about going back every day just for that! I've never tasted such delicious yogurt...i'm still dreaming about it!
5	Came here on Friday morning  to try their coveted breakfast brunch only to find out that the special chicken waffles are only served during the weekend morning brunch. However notwithstanding the following, we proceeded to order our food. I selected the egg omelette special with onions, sweet bacon bits, along with a ham steak and toast. Thoroughly enjoyed their great tasting breakfast.  Looking forward to try the infamous breakfast brunch specials served only on the weekends next time I'm in Vegas.
5	OMG...what a meal. I'm going to keep it simple...great menu...fantastic wine selection...quality and knowledgeable service and maybe had the single best item I've ever tasted...Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!
3	This is a fun place to eat and the prices are very reasonable. The food is not great, but not bad.The mussels are devine.Great place for a group. Trendy but not overpowering.
4	I expected I would consider Bouchon over-rated, but I was wrong.  Breakfast there was a highlight of our recent trip to Las Vegas.  The American breakfast at Bouchon was sublime.  It was refined, subtle, and ultimately perfect.  Based on appearances alone it was nothing special, but all the details made it great.  The coffee was the best we had had in Vegas.  The toast was brioche, done to perfection.  I had a pecan pastry to start that was the best pastry I've ever eaten, France included.  Our visit started very poorly as we were forgotten about while waiting for a table, but they made up for it with a couple mimosas and apologies, and I'm glad we didn't storm out.  I will be back again for breakfast!They also have a bakery on the main level of the Venetian.  Ask for the pecan pastry- it's incredible.
5	Amazing food, hilarious and thoughtful server, great atmosphere, great location, love everything about this place.Also, the best french bread I've had outside of Paris or NYC.
4	Brunch on a Saturday morning - luckily, we waited only about 15 minutes.Second time here and still lovely. Think perfect portions with lovely plate-ups and Quality, not quantity.After ordering, they drop off some bread with butter and cherry? jam.  YUM!I ordered the Quiche du jour (Florentine) - which was really tasty.  The custard like filling was a little different from a standard quiche, but very good.My hubby ordered the corned beef hash which was really good too, although, he wished he had ordered the egg over easy/medium instead of scrambled.  The Brioche toast - SO GOOD.  At our table we also had Chicken and waffles - also tasty, especially with the Tahitian vanilla butter! As well as the "white" sausage. YUMMMY! I'm kind of picky about iced tea - I love my iced tea fresh and brewed strong - Bouchon has an excellent iced tea!  The atmosphere is a little reminiscent of Bottega Louie in L.A., but more French and much more decor. There's lots of bright light coming in and is next to one of the pools.  Our server was very nice, descriptive, and helpful. I'm always happy at Bouchon!
5	My last meal on earth. I always try to stop here while in Vegas. Absolutely to die for. My favorite -- Specifically the Roasted Chicken and Bacon & Chive Waffle.OUT OF THIS WORLD. The chicken is served a breast and a thigh with black truffle gravy. The waffle is served with Vanilla Bean butter and warm maple syrup. It doesn't look like much food but its just enough to fill you up and the presentation is beautiful.Service is quick and attentive.
3	Went here for brunch with some friends my last trip to vegas. I think I expected too much out of the restaurant because it wasn't all that I hyped it up to be in my head. I had to croque madame which was really good, a little heavy on the sauce over the sandwich but other than that no complaints. It comes with a ton of fries so if you love fries like I do you'll love it! The service was ok, could have been better. We were waiting there and had to ask for the bread when there was people seated after us that already received some, and no plates for the bread either! c'mon! I don't know if it's because we had a pretty large group but still. An upside is while you wait  to be seated they offer little samples of their pastries and free bags of caramel corn when you leave! Highlight of my whole experience there.
3	I was at  Vegas few weeks ago for my sister's bachalorette weekend. We were a group of 7 girls, having a blast! We had dinner at Buchon on our first night. The service is friendly and professional. The place is nicely decorated. I had the skate as a main course. It was beautifully presented but the skate was a bit salty. But, everyone else was happy with their meal. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to stay for dessert. I'll definitively give it another try and have dessert!
5	I've eaten twice here and both times my dinner has been magical.  I don't know if it's the food, the company, but simply fantastic!
4	Superior food and service. The flat Iron steak was perfect. We will return here.
1	Way over-rated.  I tried the french toast and sourdough waffles.  Overpriced (Like $13 a plate) and not that great.  I'm not impressed and feel like I should have just thrown the money down on a blackjack table.
2	Very marginal.  The skate was over cooked.  The lamb was tough.  The French onion soup had far too much wine.
5	Bouchon! I've dined here many times for brunch and dinner and let me say, absolutely wonderful. The staff are super friendly and attentive to your needs. For brunch I always enjoy one of my all star favorites. Throughout the seasons they have many specials. I enjoyed a great melon salad that was very refreshing for the hot Nevada weather. The seafood tower is heaven. Fresh shucked oysters and clams from our 5 oceans. Lobster, shrimp and mussels all to die for. Heaven I tell you. I always get there specials and have always enjoyed every one. there sorbets and creme brulee sweetens me and leaves me again with another wonderful dining experience. Thank you Thomas Keller!
5	Have been coming here once or twice a year and I am always being treated like a king. The Sommelier Paul is exceptional and always send a nice bottle our way.Quality wise, the restaurant retains the great food and most of all service.I guess that is why most of the employees  are still here. I am surprised at some of the reviews here, as we never had a bad experience at Bouchon.If you come to LV make sure you try it. Try the oysters, grilled octopus salad, foir gras and my fav steak frites!Try it and enjoy!!!
2	Was this a joke?If it was, neither of us was laughing.My sis and I were in Vegas for a nursing conference.  I love French food, she's up for almost anything, Bouchon seemed an obvious choice.The interior is fancy-French (in an overdone, Vegas sort of way).  We were seated quickly and attended by an initially cheerful waiter who couldn't stop crowing about the heirloom tomato salad.  He was so insistent I had to wonder if the chef had ordered too many.  We ordered the spring pea soup, melon salad, octopus salad, and a main of gnocchi (all to share).The soup arrived and was beautiful.  A bright spring-green with a flourish of flash-fried black rice skimming the top.  I was SO excited.  Then I tasted it.  WHOA.  The SALT.  I couldn't believe it.  My sister grimaced too.  To our dismay, we had to send it back.The melon "salad" was an odd little assortment of shaved barely-there melon curls balanced on their ends, tiny slices of fig, mini-marshmallow-sized bits of cheese and daubs of a meyer-lemon cream delight.  This dish was fresh, tasty, and beautiful to look at (though so miniature as to seem like a plate you'd make up for a doll's tea party).  No stranger to tiny bites (nor to the Las Vegas markup) I thought the over-salted soup must have been a fluke.WRONG.  Here's a run-down of our other dishes:The octopus salad: Quite salty on the outside, but since octopus meat is pretty bland, it worked out o.k.  I love salty food when it's done right, and this octopus was cooked perfectly.The tomato salad: We grudgingly ordered this when our soup had to go back.  Heirloom tomatoes, a little cress, a garnish of fried onion.  The tomatoes, sadly, did not knock our socks off as the waiter had suggested.  They had no more or less flavor than an heirloom bought at Whole Foods.The gnocchi: So incredibly over-salted I couldn't believe what I was tasting.  Clearly the pasta was hand-made and cooked perfectly, so why was the dish RUINED by too much salt?  And gnocchi is a perfect cushy, carby, salt delivery system!  How in the hell do you over-salt gnocchi?  It was as if the kitchen was bored and dared each other to screw with the poor tourist saps to see if they'd catch on.The skate: (Ordered after the gnocchi disaster.)  Flavorful and also too salty, the skate was overcooked.  By this time we were an hour and a half into our meal, and thought, "fuck it, let's just eat this and get the hell out".  Our waiter had abandoned us for a table of 8 vulgar, shiny, tits-up-to-there, nouveau-riche cougars who were already sauced.  Cutting his losses.  I can't say I blame him.  The gang of Real Housewives types were so lit, I'm sure they couldn't taste anything, and as the waiter was cute and young and full of flattery, no doubt he got a good tip.In total, with only one glass of wine a-piece, and even after all the dishes we had to send back, the bill was well over $100.  We got no real apology from anyone about the over-salted food (by the 3rd dish we sent back it was clear the staff was annoyed).  If we hadn't had to get out the door to a show I would have caused a scene.  As it was, we paid the bill and fled.I still can't get over how clearly well-prepared the food was and what a shame and a waste it was that it was ruined by something as simple as too much salt.  Is the Chef-de-Cuisine a chain smoker with nary a taste-bud left to his name?  Was the Chef-de-Partie not paying attention when he made the stock and salted it twice, sending it out to ruin every dish it touched? What a waste.
2	Trek here was grueling. Dinner did not satisfy my taste buds. Prices were high. ME NO LIKEY.
4	Came here for brunch and had a small wait. Got seated outside without being asked our preference of indoor or outdoor. As the sun moved in the summer afternoon it became quite punishing.The food overall was good though. I had the mussels and my wife had the ham and cheese with the egg on top. Both dishes go to show that although simple, with high quality ingredients you can create an amazing meal. For the price, there was plenty of food so I think it has a good value.
4	My family and I came here for a quaint breakfast and were delighted with what was in store for us. We started with the "beignets du jour", which came with an assortment of jams and sauces for dipping. Amazing! Following these sweet treats, we had a fantastic breakfast. "Le Jardin" was fabulous, as were the corned beef hash and the croque madame (which comes with a mountain of fries). The wait staff was excellent, as was the decor of the restaurant - I truly felt like I was in a bistro in Paris. I highly reccommend sitting outside - the weather is not overwhelming, as the whole restaurant is in constant shade.
5	Fabulous meal.  We shared the pate appetizer.  I had the roast chicken and my friend had mussels.  We shared the chocolate mousse for dessert.  It was all so good and our waiter was terrific.  Definitely worth it.
3	Made a special trip to Vegas for food, and this was one of our stops.  I love the restaurant, it's a shame it's such a nightmare to get to, but that's the Venetian's fault.I had the Steak Frites and it was amazing.  Enormous pile of some of the best fries I've ever had and a wonderful steak covered in herb butter.  My friend ordered some beef special that was underwhelming to say the least.  The polenta that it came with was so oversalted that it nearly ruined the rest of my meal.  I thought it was a single time mistake, but reading other reviews, I see that someone in the back thinks it's hilarious to oversalt everything.We came back for breakfast and my Croque Madame (with another huge pile of fries) was served cold with a completely flavorless sauce.  My friend got the white sausage and eggs.  The sausage was fine, the eggs were standard diner rubbery eggs.  The pineapple jam for breakfast is pretty memorable.I'd go back for the Steak Frites but I'm afraid to venture too far from that because everything else was pretty bad.
5	Hands down the best meal I've ever eaten. The escargots bourgogne that were on special that night were a religious experience -- the butter sauce brought tears to my eyes. The mashed potatoes under the boudin blanc were the best I've ever had, perfectly complemented with stewed prunes, the shellfish is impeccable and the salmon rillettes knocked my socks off. French classics with a tiny twist, done SO well. Our waiter was helpful with cheese course recommendations. Beautiful place with a mosaic floor and  antique zinc bar and the cute touch of pistachios with your bread before the meal. Do dress appropriately, though. It doesn't require really fancy clothing, but don't wear shorts or tank tops, please. My only complaint: even after asking the waiter to clarify, I still wasn't sure if the lovely shellfish offerings over in their own corner on the menu were meant to be eaten as appetizers, main courses, or something else completely in addition to your entree.
5	My husband and I had finally decided to have a date since my son was born(which is now 20 months old). We thought we deserve it and we want to have a romantic breakfast. I had the french toast and he got the croque madame. Both were delicious. I'm not a coffee person but we ordered coffee for our drinks. Coffee was delicious!
5	Best Breakfast in Vegas!  In the mornings the patio isn't too hot yet and the atmosphere is great.  They have fabulous coffee, and yummy flavored tea.  But the reason to go here is the gratin.  Each day it is different but it is amazing.  The bake two eggs with a variety of goodies.  This last time was steak, mushroom, spinach, but the magic is in the moray sauce and the crunchy top.  SOOOO VERY GOOD!  The potatoes that come with it are melt in your mouth.  Everything I saw come out of the kithcen looked amazing.  The fries are skinny and crispy and perfect with breakfast.  I would eat here everyday I was in Vegas!
3	The venue is very nice and the patio out by the pools is a great place to dine. I was hoping to be blown away by this place, especially given the prices on the menu, but my experience was average. I went for breakfast and had the standard breakfast - eggs, bacon, white sausage, toast, coffee, and a sticky bun. The eggs, bacon and coffee were good, and I'm sure a sausage lover would enjoy the white sausage. The sticky bun was way too hard and difficult to eat. I was expecting something softer like a cinnamon roll, but it was like a bun covered in really hard candied toffee. I still think this place is worth visiting, but you should definitely order a truly "French" dish. My breakfast was not bad, but I could not really tell the difference between the breakfast I had here versus a breakfast you can have at Denny's.
1	We came here for brunch on a Saturday at 11 and surprisingly no line-up - score (or so we thought)!  Ordered the corned beef hash and some waffles and then waited.... and waited.... and waited.... an hour passes and someone finally comes by to apologize that they lost our order and that they will bring us some pastries to try before we eat.  We wait another half hour before the pastries arrive, and an additional half hour before our meals get to us.  At this point neither of us are hungry anymore, nevertheless we eat.  Waffles were fine, nothing special.  Corned beef hash is is lacking any actual hash.  We get the bill and nothing is comp'd. Had we not had to wait so long I probably would have given the place 3 stars but it was definitely not worth the 3 hours and $60 spent here!
4	Mmm.. just listen to their specials and order it!! can't go wrong!!! delicious.. try to go a little earlier.. it can take awhile to be seated, AND order your food soon, cause the food takes awhile to get to u.. otherwise.. YUMMY!
5	Let's get down to it-I love Thomas Keller. His approach to food incorporates equal parts simplicity and elegance which makes for meal experiences that are really unparalleled.  It's true, when you clone an original, it's not going to be perfect. I haven't been to the original Bouchon, but based on the experience I had at the Las Vegas outpost, it lives up to the hype.I'd heard things about TK's (yeah, we're on nickname basis) Ad Hoc fried chicken-things like "it's power will convert vegans" and other borderline insane things.They don't offer it at Bouchon but once or twice a year, so when I saw the announcement on their Twitter page that they were going to be offering it 4th of July weekend, I made my reservation immediately. I'd actually attempted to make this chicken, so I know what kind of effort and technique goes into the creation of one of his signature dishes, however of course mine didn't turn out half as good as the one in the restaurant.The interior of the restaurant is classic French Bistro- white table cloths, lots of natural light, dark wood paneling without being drab and an overall nice balance of class and comfort. We had a real nice waiter who could not stop talking about the fried chicken when we told him that was the specific reason we came in. I mean he was really excited about this chicken-good sign!We started off with salads- I got mixed greens with small disc of chevre and the creaminess of the cheese was a nice contrast to the crunch of the salad and tanginess of the dressing which ran perfectly throughout the greens. Can't remember what my mom got, but she's an incredibly picky eater and her salad was gone faster than you could say "Ad Hoc".The chicken was served in the most adorable two-handled All-Clad mini pan alongside a mac and cheese, greens and a biscuit with bacon in it. I came. I saw. I nearly conquered. I'm not sure I  have the words to say how good it was, but I'll say this: you won't want to eat fried chicken anywhere else, ever again. It was perfectly crisp and flavorful on the outside and juicy and again perfectly flavorful on the inside. I think it'd be pretty weird to call myself a connoisseur of fried chicken, but I've eaten enough in my life to put me on the American Heart Association's watchlist and it's pretty rare to find a recipe that incorporates good flavor and texture throughout.Again, my mom, the pickiest eater, who hasn't eaten an enriched pasta product in probably 5 years, practically licked the bits of macaroni out of her pan and used the biscuit to scrape up anything she couldn't get to.I came again a couple of weeks later for breakfast and had the quiche which was served with a salad similar to the one I had at my fried chicken dinner, minus the chevre. Again-great balance! Salad was crunchy and tart and the quiche had the most beautiful buttery crust and creamy, custard filling.Overall, great experiences both times- definitely recommend for a special occasion dinner!
5	This was my 2nd time coming to eat here for dinner, and my 1st time I don't recollect what we ate, but the food was fantastic.We had a prefix menu for a bachelor party which consisted of the following:Rillettes Aux Deux Saumons - omg this is a salmon spread and it's sooooo gooood...it's addictiveAssiette de CharcuteriePate de ProvenceMarinated OlivesGruyere Cheese GougeresSalade Maraichere au Chevre Chaud - Mixed greens, red wine vinaigrette, warm goat cheese & herbes de provenceChoice of entree:1) Saumon Poele - Scottish salmon, glazed carrots, hearts of palm, potato gnocchi, and parsley ravigoteMy friends said that they were still hungry after having this dish...so it's not filling2) Poulet roti - Roasted chicken, sweet corn, fingerling potatoes, bacon lardons and savory-infused chicken juseThis dish is actually Thomas Keller's signature dish - it's delicious, moist, juicy and the sauce is amazing3) Steak aux Pommes - Pan seared prime flatiron, carmelized shallots, maitre d'hotel butter and pommes pureethe steak was cooked to perfection, and the mashed potatoes were so creamy and rich in butter...so delicious.Choice of dessert:1) Creme caramel - basically like a mix of flan and creme brulee....soooo delish!2) Mousse au chocolate noir - basically a chocolate mousse in a cup and with 3-4 pieces of delicious cookes to eat with the mousseOverall, the service was fantastic, especially for a group of 22 roudy guys...oh and the prefix came with wine as well. The staff was very attentive, accommodating...I highly recommend coming to this restaurant and will be back when I can!
4	What a great way to start the morning!  We enjoyed our fantastic, European breakfast on the patio with a beautiful view of the fountain.  The orange marmalade for the toast and the cheese danish were to die for!  The omelet with steak, peppers and mozzarella was quite tasty too!
4	I've been super lazy in writing reviews but it's time to finally catch up. We came here for brunch around 11-12? and it was pretty packed. I think we waited for a good 30 minutes or so but in the end the wait was totally worth the wait. I was totally drooling when we were waiting to get seated because I was looking at the menu that just makes me wanna get everything. In the end I didn't get anything from the menu and got their special. I thought the decorations looked great and there was an outside view where you can see the pool and stuff. I really like the environment of the restaurant. I thought the weird part was the music that went along with the place...It just didn't fit well. The service was pretty good. I think the guy was on top of his guy in terms of explaining all the specials and he always seem to have a smile on his face. He refills our water every so often so in terms of service I thought he passed.I only tried 3 things in the restaurant and that would be the Croque madame, Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard & saffron served with French fries, and my pork belly BLT. Yes I said it...P-O-R-K B-E-L-L-Y B-L-T....I don't know about you but my eyes sure lit up when I heard that was the special for the day. Croque Madame: What is there not to like about a fried egg on top of a toasted ham and cheese on brioche. It's sounds so simple but it's just simply delicious. The combination of such simple ingredients can bring out such a wonderful taste. If anything I think the fries that came along with the dish was the EH part. I don't know...I just keep finding the fries to be a bit salty to me.Pork Belly BLT - Personally I loved my dish because it's so unique. When have you ever heard of a pork belly BLT. It just sounds so epic and delicious. I think the worst part of the dish is figuring out how to eat it. Since there poach egg on top of the whole dish, I couldn't even hand-held it and eat it. So I decided to cut it but at some point I would cut the poach egg which will let out the yolk out(not that i mind but it can get messy :p.) The combination of lettuce,tomato, poach egg and sliced up pork belly made it pretty darn amazing. I thought the pork belly was made well because there are restaurants that make the pork belly really dry and it makes the pork belly disgusting but I find it to be the right texture here so it went along well. :)Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard & saffron served with French fries - This is what my friend got and I personally loved this dish. I think this was my favorite dish that if I ever come next time I think I'm gonna get this dish myself(not that Pork Belly BLT isn't good). You get so many mussels for only 25.50?! I mean come on that's already a big steal...I couldn't even count how many mussels were in that bowl of wonderfulness! The white wine sauce was simply amazing and when you can some of that sauce in that mussel and you can suck it out...Just AMAZING!!! I seriously recommend getting this dish because the mussels that they have is really fresh. The french fries that went along with it...I saw my friend dipped it in the white wine sauce and she kept doing it and i was like HMM let me try. Later on...I found myself super thirsty because I couldn't stop eating the french fries dipped in white wine sauce. I REALLY LOVE THIS DISH.I would say it's something worth getting for brunch if you happen to be in vegas! :)
4	I've tried Bouchon in LA and recommended it to a group of friends during our Vegas trip. I think it's decently priced for lunch and a much better alternative to some of the (relatively) more popular places to eat for brunch (*ahem Mon Ami Gabi). I LOVE mussels, and the ones I had in Bouchon in LA were some of the best I've had. Thankfully, the one in Vegas remains the same. It's a huge portion size that makes the $25.50 price tag very worth it. My trick is to first eat the ones that allow me to dig a little hole and reach the white wine with saffron sauce. Then I can eat my mussels AND dip my french fries into the sauce at the same time! Pure deliciousness. :)I tried some of the croque madame and smoked salmon baguette which were both outstanding. A friend also ordered the special of the day which was a pork belly BLT. Service was a little slow, but we had a large group and I didn't mind that much. I was amazed at how identical the Vegas Bouchon and LA Bouchon looked. Uncanny!I really think this is the best Sunday brunch you'll find on the strip, granted you're looking for a French style brunch and not a buffet. The prices are probably a little more expensive, but the food is so, so much better!
5	Brunch here is amazing!We started of Croque Madame (so buttery) with a side of fries and Oeuf Au Grattin with duck. Both dishes were like hitting the jackpot! For our desert we ordered the French Toast to share. This dish should be on your bucket list, it was the best french toast I've ever had and I had my share of them. Also for your coffee lovers their coffee is top notch. Don't forget to ask to sit outside by the pool it's a nice setting. Only bad thing is that brunch is only served on the weekends :(Don't forget to stop by the Bouchon bakery to satisfy your sweet tooth with some baked goods and a cup of Joe.
4	Lunch review.  Simple.  Ok Svc - not night time quality Svc but decent.   Menu limited.  this is really just a simple lunch - not worth making a trek unless your already nearby.
3	Was looking forward to brunch at Bouchon, but was disappointed this time because all of the bread was slightly stale.  BOOO!
5	I went here for dinner my first night in Vegas. It made sense, get the fancy dinner BEFORE losing all my money.Bouchon was an experience. An amazing one. I'm a huge Thomas Keller fan but cannot quite afford to eat at The French Laundry. Just the menu at Bouchon makes you salivate, but when the waitress reads you the specials, there are so many items that make you drool even more.We ended up ordering the kumamoto oysters which are my favorite. They aren't grimy like oysters can be. They are simple, fresh and delicious, complimented with a red wine vinegar, pepper and scallion sauce makes them out of thie world. Then came the pork belly and crab fritters. I find a lot of restaurants to miss a lot with pork belly, but Bouchon definitely hit a home run. The pork belly was amazing but would I really loved were the crab fritters.They had an amazing wine menu, we ordered a chianti that was lightly crisp and delicious. My main dish was the Steak Diane a hanger steak in a red wine reduction sauce with mushrooms and layered potatoes. I also tried the steak frites cooked to perfection with a sour cream and chive topping. The fries were even amazing.To finish it off, the brownie bites were mini lava cakes topped with a pistacio ice cream and the sorbet. Well, it was just the sweetest end to an already perfect meal.I'll definitely be frequenting the Bouchon in Yountville.
3	We were staying at the Venetian and came downstairs to Bouchon for breakfast at 11:00 since it's convenient. Only to our disappointment, breakfast is over at 10:30. BOO! This is Vegas people! 11:00 is early for us, especially from partying the night before... Sigh...They showed us their lunch menu and there were very limited items: 3 desserts, salads, and sandwiches. I got the chicken salad and my boyfriend got some sandwich with a crazy name. His sandwich was okay, but my salad wasn't great. It tasted dirty and the bread was stale. 3 stars because the service was really good, my boyfriend liked his sandwich, the interior is nice, and you get a view of the pool. I guess seeing the pool could be a pro or a con. Luckily no gross looking people were outside waddling around while we were eating. :) lol So mean..I know...
1	I came here with very high hopes only to be disappointed..The service was not great. We ordered a ginger ale at the beginning and and did not get it until my entree came cause i had to ask again.. I mean considering there was a server and a trainee youu would think SOMEONE would have caught it.They served bread just on the table.. with no plates... it was soo weird.. and messy.. and randomly we got warm pistachios.. oddWe had the onion soup... it was BITTER grosssssssWe ordered the special pork belly.. it was SO oily and disgusting.. it actually made me sick afterwards... We also split the chicken and it was SO salty..I was not impressed.. i still will go try the one in BH hopefully that one is better
4	Been here a few times and they never disappoint!  Breakfast, lunch, dinner, were all great experiences.  Just wish I could afford to eat here more often.
4	planned a bachlorette first night out dinner here.  the staff were very attentive even before we stepped in the door.  i had planned to have custom truffles arranged upon arrive and the staff were kind enough to oblige.  this was a perfect start to the evening.our server was knowledgeable and happy to give recommendations wiht his favs.  i had already perused the menu and knew the steak and frites would be mine.  oh yes, and it was.  it was perfectly cooked at my desired medium rear.  most places getting it wrong, but bouchon had it right with just the right amount of bloodiness.  mmmmmm!  the bride to be also got the same and sang it's praises.  i nipped a few mussels from my friend and dunked a few frites in her broth.  that was my second choice of entree.  it was good, but i'm glad i got the steak.  few other gals got thomas keller's signature chicken and devoured it.  we didn't get dessert.  god forbid, riiight?  i know, i know sad but we were stuffed ladies in form fitting dresses.  plus, we were ready to get our drink on.  seriously though, bouchon was great and really appreciated their help in making the evening memorable.
3	I was really excited to go here for dinner but it was not as good as everyone hyped it to be.. i had the chicken dish and a salad as a starter.. but u do have to say the desserts were reallly good.
5	Bouchon is my Sunday Brunch spot! Be sure to check out the specials, at times they are real winners. We came a bit late (around 1215). At this point, they were sold out of the Terrine Foie Gras and Charcuturie. Instead we got a basket of their delicious fresh-baked pastries and beignets. Next time, I'll probably skip the pastries but the beignets are so light, fluffy, and perfectly cinnamon-sugary I'll have to try those again!They're famous for they're chicken & waffles--gourmet of course. And they're absolutely delectable. You'll be licking your plate clean (if that sort of thing was appropriate here, of course). The entree I had was the Corn Beef Hash. The one thing that I'm very nit-picky on is overly salty food. This hash was just right! They cooked my eggs exactly how I specified and all the delicious flavors came right through.TIP: Show up early enough to get the good Hors d'oeuvres!
4	Five stars for the food, three for the inexperienced server who brought out all the food in the weirdest order.  First the hot sides (corn, something else), then my raw oysters, followed by my jar of foie gras something else hot and then the salad.  Very odd.That said, it really was quite tasty but our tiny table was overloaded with all the plates and drinks.
4	Wanted to try this place for dinner but a stupid company decided to host an event that night and took over the entire restaurant, and ruined my plans. I can't name any names but it rhymes with Lymantec and they make crappy antivirus software.  I managed to eat breakfast the next day and ordered the croque madame which was very good. Next time I stay at the Venetian I will try dinner.
4	My recent meal at Bouchon was mostly excellent, with great food and  table service. My party started with cocktails, which were both subtly flavored and high quality, as expected. After a brief designated waiting period (the restaurant was half-empty), we were seated and attended to by our very good waiter. The menu here is traditional french, and we opted for a variety of dishes, ranging from simple trout amandine to luxurious steak diane (the special). We paired our food with a Cru Beaujolais recommended by our waiter (it was very good). The food was also quite good, although nothing blew me away. Overall, I was very satisfied with my meal, and especially so with the table service. However, I'm not sure the experience added up to the outlay, which came to a cool hundred per head. For that kind of cash, I expect the ultimate, and Bouchon fell just shy of my favorite fine dining experiences for some reason.
4	For once, something lives up to the hype! We were seated within 5 minutes on a Sunday at 11 AM and proceeded to order their breakfast americaine and the chicken and waffles. Our coffees tasted amazing (I went down to the bakery to buy the beans right after) and was possibly the best blend I've had. My friend's waffles came out perfectly (crispy with generous specks of bacon and chive) and her chicken was so moist. I loved the maple syrup and vanilla bean butter that came with it. The ligonberry jam and butter that came for my brioche was really high-quality (I noticed it and wouldn't normally notice my butter and jam!) and my eggs were the most perfectly fried eggs I've ever seen - evenly fried, not too greasy. Fresh grapefruit juice, 6 crispy strips of bacon, and two sausages later, I felt sufficiently but not overly full, and appreciated the fresh and expertly cooked taste of each item we had.
3	Typical overpriced Vegas fancy pants restaurant.Pistachios to begin with.... ok. I'll eat them but it's still off.What did I eat again? I can barely remember because it was that forgettable (paired with the excessive drinking).Let me look the menu up online:Pate- typical pate. it was good. nothing special.Gnocchi- by far best dish of the night. Puffy little hot pockets of fluffy potato. Wow. I couldnt get enough!We shared something else but I don't see it on the menu and I remember none of us liked it anyways... so better for the restaurant that we don't remember.The place itself reminds me of a cafeteria. Also they don't serve bread plates because it's picnic style or some crap like that. There were crumbs everywhere!
5	I love coming to this brunch/dinner spot.  I feel like it's a hidden gem.  Classy French decor with a great patio.  Typical, delicious French breakfast foods for brunch.  The lightest, fluffiest waffles.  Home made corned beef hash.  Great brunch cocktails.  Oysters and foie gras on the menu, but haven't had yet.  No reservations needed or taken for brunch.
3	Well friends, this will be my first official review and sad to say it maybe distasteful. I have been hearing good things from friends and other about this place, so I decided to place reservations for my friend bachelor's dinner. First I must state that the service is impeccable, that's why i gave it 3-stars. The bread was awesome, I loved the way they presented, twisted-style french bread. So we started with a few appetizers, french onion soup, endive salad, and fois gras. I got the french onion soup, and OMG that was sooo freakin' SALTY. That immediately tainted my taste buds, i thought it was just me but my other friends that had it also agreed. So, i was like ok, maybe that's just how they do it and it just not for me. My other friend got the salad, and he said that was way overpowered with dressing and bleu cheese. He said that it was like each sliver of endive was drenched in dressing, yuck! Maybe the favoring is just not for us? The fois gras, is a spread, not actual fois gras streak, so read carefully before you order that.Moving on to the main courses, we had 3 different entrees. I had the pan roasted leg of lamb, another had the trout, and 5 others had the rib-eye steaks. I was intrigued by the leg of lamb b/c it was accompanied by hen-of-woods mushrooms, which I had never had. I took a bite of lamb with a little bit of sauce, and it was good a little salty but it was cooked well. I took another bite with a little bit of the spinach and mushrooms which layed in a pool of sauce, and OMFG that was once of the SALTIEST things i had eaten. It honestly, made my stomach cringe. It tasted like i was eating a pack of the flavoring you put into your instant ramen noodles. YES, it was that salty. I'm not a that much of a picky eater but damn that was not good at all. I had all my friends taste my dish and they all agreed. And the steak, wasn't that impressive either. Rib-eye? Where's the marbling of the meat, and the flavor? I like the place, the decor, and atmosphere but the food, not so much. Barely reaching par for a fine-dining restaurant. Disappointed. Maybe brunch is better, but i don't think I will be coming back here.
5	Amazing... The steaks are too die for as is the duck. I got the lamb, which was okay, but the steaks are the way to go. First class service, great wine selection and amazing food made this a great way to open the overindulgence that is VEGAS! Also, yelp says the attire is casual here, and you can get away with shorts, but it is classy and dress appropriately. I made that mistake, unfortunately was in shorts, and felt out of place. The servers were great though and it didn't seem to make a difference.Great experience and fantastic food!
5	Again.....perfection!  I wish that my stomach could hold more.  But, sadly, I run out of space before I run out of food!  My bf had never been, and he lives in Vegas!  He agreed that this is the best breakfast on the strip.  We will return, as I adore breakfast/brunch more than any other meal.
3	i think the group i was with, including my wife hyped this place up way too much.  i didn't care too much for my dish, but my wife's meal was excellent.i had the steak frites and although it was cooked to perfection, the taste just wasn't there. the steak was rather bland and the caramelized onions did nothing for adding flavor.  i was expecting a melt-in-your mouth experience, but the meat was a little tough even though i ordered it medium-rare.  the fries were cooked well, but there were more than i cared for.the wife ordered moules au safran and she loved them.  the mussels were good and plump.  the broth smelled delicious and tasted great.  everybody had a dip into the broth a piece of the baguette...delicious.
4	The service was beyond superb. The desserts were very well done. Since this was my first experience at Bouchon, four stars until future visits impress.The chicken and waffles appeared popular among the other visitors. We sampled the pastries, the pot de creme, breads and egg / ham on bread thing with fries. The food was fair...the service was what put it over the top.
1	My one star rating is mostly based on the service received compared to the level expected by such a restaurant.  We arrived around 9PM and the restaurant was about 15% occupied.  We were sat quickly but it was at least 15 minutes before the first person "noticed" we had no bread, water, anything.  This was not our waiter.  We were then brought our bread and water, not by any waiters, but the 'helpers'.  It was probably another 20 minutes before we were asked if we wanted to actually order anything (again, not by our waiter).  A nice waitress that was working the section nearby was 'helping out' and pointed our waiter out to us.Our waiter had three tables.  He spent the entire night yukking it up with the other two tables, literally 10 feet away from us.  There was no reason for him to completely ignore us, we didn't complain or act rude.  Since the other waitress was just 'helping out', we only saw her around 3 times, but that was way more than we saw our waiter.   We didn't see him one time until it was time to bring the dessert menu.  We're pretty sure this was because the helper had gone home for the night.As for the food, we both got the steak frites (on recommendation).  The fries were very good but also very similar to McD's fries (which are, of course, good).  The steak was sub par.  Big, but very chewy.  It was cooked well, but the stuff on top was not particularly good.
5	Walked in for Sunday brunch and we were seated in 15 minutes.  There was a really rude couple ahead of us that was being obnoxious, and yet the staff still seemed to treat them well.We ordered: 1) the Croque Madame, which was to die for 2)Tuna Tartine, delicious, and 3)Ratatouille, fantastic!  We also ordered Salmon Rilletes, which was fabulous as well.  Even the plain table bread that comes with the butter and spread was just delicious.So the food was great, but it did take a little while to come out of the kitchen.  The server kept checking on us, making sure our drinks were full and our bread kept coming.  Before we even mentioned it, the manager came over and apologized for the wait on the order and comped us some drinks.  I have zero complaints about the service, as our server was charming, friendly and kept us in the loop with regard to our order.  Not his fault the kitchen was backlogged/busy.  5 Stars for both service and the food!
5	Thomas Keller... BRAVO. My boyfriend is a chef and soon will be opening his own burger bar. So his mother sent us out to Las Vegas to try some famous chef's burgers. We were pretty disappointed in the burgers we tried over all. We came to a great city in hopes to find some delicious food......Then we went to Bouchon one morning as a "date breakfast" and couldn't have had a bigger smile. We ate there twice before returning back to Florida. Each meal we had was fantastic. The service was great and I couldn't get enough of the home made jam and yummo fries. This is definitely our favorite spot now and when we go back to Las Vegas, we will be eating here !!!!
5	5 stars all the way! Our waitress Julie was great in every way. All her suggestions were perfect and any question was greeted with a friendly answer. As for the food.... I not sure you will find a better French restaurant in all of NV.  The steaks are beyond top shelf and the perfect medium-rare cook. Save room for desert and you wont be sorry. We will be back, maybe in the morning for brunch!!!
5	What a wonderful treat to eat at Bouchon in Vegas. This is not a cheap place to go, but worth it if you're looking for a nice night out.I especially like that the service is very good but not uppity. Incredibly tasty food. The portions aren't huge, just the right size. I really don't think you can go wrong on the menu. There are standards like roasted chicken for the less adventurous, and things like a octopus salad if you want to try something new. All very delicious.
3	I think Bouchon probably deserves 3 stars based on my first visit, but I'm willing to give it another try. It is a very pretty dining room and the atmosphere was really nice. My boyfriend and I went for brunch on a Sat. We ordered chicken and waffles, steak frites, 1/2 dozen oysters, and cocktails.Just briefly...Bread and butter: awesome soft butter...hard breadOysters: really fresh but specify what types of oysters you want to your waitressChicken and waffles: pretty good but nothing out of the ordinarySteak frites: goodMy only compliant, which isn't really a complaint because the staff was really nice...is that I wish we were served by one person only so that's it's more consistent and timely. We had our waitress and different servers who delivered each of our items. Our items came at odd intervals. There was a big gap between the bread and butter and our oysters, our main dishes didn't come at the same time...and when I asked the waitress if my drink was still coming after we had started our dishes, she seemed genuinely surprised it hadn't. Maybe it's because the bartender delivers the drinks himself? I'm not really sure, but that would be my only suggestion, one person to take care of everything or better communication.
5	Everything was perfect, and who said Bouchon is not for a family with kids.........we eat here with our 3 kids (9, 10, 11) everytime we visit Vegas. The macaroni gratin & croque madame is perfect for them &  dessert is the star of the show! Chef Scott is an AWESOME pastry chef!!! Bouchon never feels stuffy, everyone is friendly, can't go wrong here.
5	Thomas Keller does it right! The ambiance in Bouchon is wonderful. Think Minetta Tavern multiplied by 4 times in size, and add a dash of French bistro and a sprinkle of top-notch service and you've got a winning Keller recipe.When I was here, I was with a large group of co-workers and we got tucked away into our own private dining room, which was the perfect dining experience, although I was sad to leave hustle and bustle of the rest of the restaurant.For dinner, based on the recommendation of not one, but two colleagues, I had the Truite aux Amandes: Pan-roasted trout with haricots verts, almonds & beurre noisette. The dish is a whole fish, but don't be afraid, just cast the head aside, and the rest of the filet is de-boned for you. The hazelnut butter really makes the dish what it is, rich and satisfying. The addition of the perfectly cooked green beans and almonds lighten up the palate, creating a perfectly balanced dish. Really one of the best, if not THE best fish dishes I've ever had.
4	came back here to enjoy my brunch hangover free. It was a 5 minute wait, and when asked to sit outside, we were seated right then. Our server was not very attentive, so did not like that. I ordered the croque madam, my friend the famous chicken and waffles which i was dying to try. Cept...for some reason I thought the chicken would be fried, but it's actually pan fried. I was excited to try the bacon/chive waffles, but it was just okay to me. The chicken was tender, and went nicely with the sauce they give. Nice and sweet. The croque madam and pommes frittes were great as well.
2	Service is soooo slow!! Food is good but nothing spectacular. Go to grand lux for beignets instead.
5	My husband and I had dinner here Saturday night to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary. When my husband called to make the reservation he mentioned it was our anniversary. We did not think they would do anything special, but when we arrived at our table the waiter immediately came over to wish us a happy anniversary. It was so nice.Dinner was amazing and the service was too. We were joking with the waiter about how much I love goat cheese (he caught me stealing some off my husband's plate) and brought out extra to go with my entree (delicious gnocchi). At the end of our meal our waiter surprised us with dessert.It was a wonderful and memorable experience!
1	The food is nothing to rave about. Just another run of the mill place. Our server amber c kept telling us our meals we're getting pushed back. Service and food sucked
4	Came here for sunday brunch last week.  Got to sit outside next to the pool area of the Venezia tower.  Perfect day to sit outside.  Servers were very friendly and helpful despite being very busy.  There was some confusion with our order but the mistakes were remedied very quickly and given to us for free.  Food is french/american casual fare done very well.  Scrambled eggs were so creamy and buttery just as an example.  Prices are a bit high for brunch but that's the case with most restaurants in Vegas
5	Oh, Thomas Keller, how I do love what you do with butter.  Especially in breads and on potatoes.My wife and wandered in for a late brunch on a weekday and had a simply superb brunch. I ordered the garden breakfast (eggs, pastry, brioche toast, potatoes, spinach, fruit, juice, coffee), and she the eggs (eggs, meat, potatoes).  We were blown away, especially by the pastry and the potatoes.  Hers:  fluffy, savory potatoeness wrapped in the perfect coating and fried to crisp perfection.  Mine, skillet potatoes fried with onions and so much butter that "caramelized" takes on a whole new meaning.  Truly a delight, and truly something you can't get at any run-of-the mill diner.Oh, yeah, and the brioche toast and croissant.  Let's just say that Bouchon is known for its pastries and you know why.  I think the only better croissant I'd had was in France, and that taste memory was probably enhanced because I was in France.  Once again, though, I think if you add a creamery's worth of butter to any dish, you get good results.We ate outside next to the fountain, and the atmosphere met the cuisine perfectly.  Service was friendly and easy.What we really noticed is the price:  Our total bill was about $40; my meal INCLUDED coffee and juice.  When you go to a fine dining restaurant, one can expect to pay about 4-5 times what you'd pay at a "family" restaurant ($10-20 steak and potatoes at Chilis = $50-80 steak and potatoes at Morton's... you get the idea).  But here, if you'd go to Country Kitchen and order eggs, meat, potatoes, coffee, and juice, you'd certainly pay $10-15 a person.  And this is WAY better than Country Kitchen.How do you rate brunch?  Can you compare a delicate croissant and perfectly creamy potatoes to an awesomely greasy chicken fried steak, eggs, and biscuits and gravy that you ate as recovery food at some mom and pop diner for $5.99?   Both are excellent at some level.  I think what makes Bouchon's brunch so excellent is that you can't just get it anywhere, and while Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives food may be an equally good find, the Bouchon experience is one you must try.And order potatoes.  And bread. And pay no mind about the butter.  Even when you get home from your Vegas vacation and learn you've gained 2 pounds in 4 days.  It's totally worth it.
4	Pricey, as tends to be the case with French restaurants, but beautiful outside patio and wonderful food. Smaller portions, so don't plan on being a pig unless you want to pay through the nose!
5	Oh, Bouchon. I love you oh so much. We usually pick one schmancy dinner during a Vegas trip, and since I'm not one for the over-the-top fancy $500 per person dinners, Bouchon suited me just fine.First of all, I realize you're supposed to order wine with all things Frenchy, but I've gotta say the cocktails at Bouchon are spectacular. Supremely amazing. I had a Bulleit Old Fashioned - and it was one helluva Old Fashioned.Of course the service is more than superb. And makes you really feel like it's worth every penny that you're spending. The food? Ah. Delicious. I never ever get chicken at a restaurant, but something about the chicken on the menu at Bouchon struck my fancy. And I ordered right. That roast chicken was just superb. So amazing perfect. Like I said worth every penny. Sure, it's not quite as pricey as some of the places on the strip (at around $80-$100 p/p), but you'll be in store for a fantastic dinner, that's for certain.
3	Sorry despite all the rave reviews on Yelp, i was not so impressed with Le Bouchon. I never goto French restaurants, the food is too bland or too sweet...i need to have some spice in my food. But, given all the good reviews on yelp, i gave it a shot. I ordered the Chicken Waffles which was alright. My wife got the French Toast which was made very differently than normal French Toast...it was very rich n too sweet, couldn't eat it after a while. Drinks were ok. Nothing special here in my opinion. If you like bland food, I guess then this place is for you.
5	What else more can I say about Bouchon?  This was my 4th time visiting in 3 years and they haven't lost their touch.  They definitely left a great impression on my mom who I treated out over here for the first time.  Came in for a Saturday morning Brunch and arrived early enough that we were seated immediately.It's been more than a year since I last had their Roast Chicken and Bacon & Chive Waffles so I had to order that once again.  It got my mom curious so she ordered it as well.  It's so beautiful (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=8SV2gwJnqnyQ1ZeEQnESpA).  The gravy and syrup that comes with it totally make it work, even though the Waffles by themselves had enough Bacon and Chives to give them a unique flavor and the Chicken was perfectly roasted like the last time I had it.  My mom loved it!I also ordered a 'side' of Anthony Bourdain's "best Fries ever."  It seems like every time I order this, they keep giving more and more Fries.  It was a lot!!As expected, service was incredible and our server Luis was awesome!  He was very knowledgeable about the menu and even almost sold me in ordering something else besides their Chicken & Waffles.  Of course I wasn't weak minded as his Jedi Mind Trick failed.  Also, he always checked on us and had a really positive attitude.  He basically personified all the best traits of an awesome waiter!So after 2 breakfast meals and 2 brunches, I think I'm due to try them for dinner.  So next time most definitely I will most likely try them for the dinner.  I'm really looking forward to it!!
5	Service is terrific, ambiance is very brasserie, i's are dotted, t's are crossed with Thomas Keller frequenting this restaurant. The roast chicken was moist, the waffles crunchy and fluffy at the same time.   Moules mariniere were simple but delicious and sauce was eagerly mopped up with crusty baguettes. And yes.  His frites are 100% better than at Les Halles. We ate here 3 times in out 7 day stay in Vegas.
3	The food was bland and not exceptional. Service was well-meaning but slow and ragged and the atmosphere consists mostly of the loud din of the dining room.Pros: MuralCons: Ambience, Service
4	Very good but not great.  I guess I should have gone for breakfast instead of dinner.  Nevertheless, I had a good time and the foie gras was yummy.  The service was impeccable and the staff very knowledgable; I am now hooked on chamomile marollo.I was hoping for a tasting menu but it was not available.
2	Our group sat on the patio at lunch time, and the atmosphere was lovely.  Service was friendly but a bit slow.  Note that their lunch menu is quite small and simple.  It consists of a few sandwiches and salads.  I tried the steak sandwich, which was good but not mind-blowing by any means.  The sandwich came with kettle chips, and fries are extra.  Dessert consisted of double chocolate cookie, chocolate chip cookie, chocolate bouchons, and a "fat boy" ice cream "sandwich".  I place quotes around "sandwich" because our waitress said it was a sandwich, the menu says it's a sandwich, but when it arrived at the table, it was an ice cream bar on a stick - the kind you get from an ice cream truck.  Vanilla with chocolate and chopped peanuts.  It was also cracked, like someone sat on it.  So, I don't understand this at all.  On a brighter note, the chocolate bouchons were heavenly - like molten chocolate cake bites.As far as French bistros go, I would prefer to go to Boulud at Wynn.
1	Finally ate at bouchon for my 32nd (saturday night). I'll start from the top. Got there 30 mins before reservation time to sit and watch from the bar. Good stiff drinks. 27 for a gin tonic and a dirty martini was a little steep for me. 3 bartenders there not engaging at all. Looks like they didn't want to be there. Hostess picked us up at exact time of reservation, but she like the bartenders seemed a little off. No smiling just very matter of fact about her job. Same thing with our waiter. He fired off the specials in a very memorized and harsh tone. Nothing sexy or tempting about the food we were about to order. You see I am a Vegas local, people come here to be impressed and wowed. Tourists are all on vacation hence they are here to have fun laugh, talk, flirt. That's really hard to do with a crew that looks to be counting down till closing. But Im not bashing everybody, the busser filling up our water was real nice and pleasant. Always smiling and helpful.                                                                                                           Now for the food I ordered the Gigot d'Agneau roasted leg of lamb with wild mushrooms, purple baby artichokes, crispy lamb belly & sauce soubise. 33.75 for 5 TINY pieces of roast lamb. I was absolutely shocked. I could tell the waiter had seen that look before. No gaminess no texture. It was just like a roast piece of porkloin. And the crispy lamb belly - chewy and old. Like they had just taken it out from a pickling jar. Just a flop all the way around. My wife had the Moules au Safran  28.50 Maine bouchot mussels steamed with white wine, mustard & saffronserved with French fries. Mussels were undercooked. I may be in the wrong here but I like my oyster to have a slippery texture. With Mussels I want a hint of that rubbery texture. We didnt even finish it. The fries were just that, Fries nothing great.  I hate to sound mean and all but This was my experience at Bouchon Las Vegas.
4	This is based on the breakfast I ate here.  I think I'm at a crossroads between a 3 1/2 and 4 stars.  I originally wanted to try the Madame Croque and Chicken and Waffles but since my significant other isn't a big breakfast eater and I can never finish my own food for the life of me, we picked what we thought would be the lighter of the two choices.He ordered the Madame Croque. It was DELICIOUS....as everyone else has already mentioned. The way it is prepared is so different from anything I've tasted. I ended up ordering the Eggs Benedict Special which unfortunately, I found just mediocre and that is why I am giving it a 3 1/2 for now.  Had I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and liked it, the result could have easily ended up a 4 to 5 star experience.You're not able to make reservations for breakfast but we went at 9am on a Saturday  morning and waited 5-10 minutes.  The service was impeccable.  I will definitely have to come back and try the famous Chicken and Waffles the next time.
4	A few of my friends and I made an impromptu weekend trip to Vegas over July 4th, and one of our main goals was to indulge in unabashed gluttony, so Bouchon was top on the list. While this outpost is not as strong as the one in Yountville, it still provided a very satisfying meal. The Kumamoto oysters were very fresh and the Chicken and Waffles were delicious. I suspect they probably also taste better after a hangover.
4	I love coming here for breakfast/brunch when I'm at Vegas when I stay at the Venetian.  It's just a very special feeling when dining here...a Tavern on the Green/ Russian tea room atmosphere. Also love that there's no reservation needed for breakfast, and it's only an elevator hop away from your room. My fave is the chicken and waffle!  Can't wait to have it again!
5	I can't go to Vegas without having breakfast at Bouchon at least once.  The Bread Pudding French Toast is one of my favorite dishes on the planet.  The place is nice, the service is always excellent.
4	Will definitely have brunch here again.  No reservation required.  Went at 10 AM on a Saturday and waited 10 minutes.  Food is delicious and price is reasonable.  Bread with the the option of butter or jelly was tasty.  Server knew the menu very well and suggested food to order.
4	Some great examples of bistro fare, but there were some misses as well. Of course, Bouchon is a bit pricey, but this is Vegas, after all. The seating was nice outdoors, but almost didn't feel like outdoors high on the 10th floor, surrounded by the towers of the Venetian. Nothing like the fabulous vibe and street scene at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Las Vegas that we experienced the night before. On the other hand, our server Julie was totally charming and professional. Even though the poor girl was working on her birthday (she didn't tell us this, but her coworker did spill). We started with fabulous cocktails. A special salad with duck breast and grapefruit was a light and tasty start, but the french onion soup that my partner ordered really wasn't all that impressive, to be honest. We both ordered fish for our main course. I loved the monkfish, though the lobster spaetzle it came with was a bit more chewy than I expected. Also, my partner's salmon was perfectly cooked and delicious, though he didn't care for the lemon couscous on the side. I like it though. He also didn't care that much for the lemon tart, which is made according to chef Thomas Keller's grandma's recipe. I thought it was okay, but I think my own lemon curd tart is more flavorful. I know - I'm biased. On the other hand, I got to experience the ile flottante for dessert. OMG! That was just about the most spectacular dessert I've ever eaten. A delicate meringue cloud floating over a vanilla creme anglaise, drizzled with caramel and almond. It is because of this heavenly dessert that I am more than willing to give Bouchon another chance, despite the inconsistencies mentioned above. Maybe we'll opt for the steak frites next time.
5	Recommend this restaurant for the food, service and ambiance! It's not right in the casino, which makes for a nice change of pace. Outdoor seating was perfect for a late summer dinner. We had the trout and chicken - both delicious! Reservations a must!
4	Loooooved everything I had for brunch. I had the eggplant soup. After a night of partying, it hit the spot. I was warm and soothing for the throat. We also had the steamed mussels in white wine and mustard soup. We ended up taking every piece of bread we had to soak up the soup. The chicken and waffles were awesome too. The waffles had little bits of bacon on it. Mmmm.... We also got a side of sauteed spinach. I could have eaten the whole thing. My only negative is that they try go give you fries for everything. Why do you want to eat fries when there are so many other good things to eat. We ended up taking them to go and eating them after we went out.
4	After an evening of nonstop Vegas-style partying, the only words I managed to utter from my dry raspy voice the following morning was...water please!!!In addition to replenishing my body with much needed liquids, I was feeling mighty peckish, as well!  After much deliberation, our group decided on a calm & relaxing sit down Saturday brunch at Thomas Keller's Bouchon. Located on the 10th floor inside the Venetian, the restaurant embodied what I've come to expect from a fine French bistro. The vibe was chic & refined yet relaxed and unfussy.  There were comfortable banquettes throughout the main dining area as well as outdoor seating in the patio area. We were subsequently seated inside. At 12:00pm, the sun was beaming from the patio, so our location filtered the intense light perfectly, which suited me and my solar sensitive eyes just fine. Complimentary house made jam was magnificent! The jam is freshly prepared each day and depending on the chef's mood, a different flavor variety is served. Today, he was feeling strawberry, which is my personal favorite! They served us an Epi baguette to share and it was fantastic, as well. Warm, buttery crust with perfectly chewy texture. Coupled with the soft butter and sweet pucker inducing jam, it was a match made in the stars.The entrees were orchestrated perfectly as we didn't have to wait long at all.Chicken n waffles - The waffles were made with bacon n chives and sourdough batter. It was airy and crisp with a lightly sweet flavor and a savory finish. It was so good i almost forgot to use the syrup!The chicken was roasted perfectly and it was insanely moist & tender! The chasseur wine sauce was rich and flavorful with an alluring aroma. Some of my guests enjoyed the savory flavor so much they poured the irresistible sauce over their waffles, too!Pork belly was fatty and incredibly flavorful and juicy.  Accompanied by the creamy hollandaise sauce, it was absolutely delicious!Corned beef hash was phenomenal! Well seasoned pieces of corned beef mixed with all the traditional fixins that will impress any die hard corned beef hash purist!  Trust, this was far from canned! Short rib was tender, the fontina cheese was fragrant and the whimsically tiny jingle bell peppers added a pleasant little kick to this fantastic dish!Beignets were served fresh out of the oven but they were quite dense and tasted more like doughnuts IMO Overall, they were very moist and with the added raspberry preserve filling, they added a sweet finish to our savory entrees.Our service throughout the meal was very consistent with coffees, water, and juices always filled to the brim.By the end of the meal we were absolutely stuffed!  But I didn't mind at all :DMy friends and I had a wonderful time and it was great feeling totally replenished and revived with good quality food that was masterfully prepared with fantastic service to boot. The strong coffee didn't hurt either!  I'm not quite sure if this particular location was ever awarded a Michelin star but IMO Thomas Keller deserves praise for a dining experience that was unpretentious, comforting and very enjoyable!When we all left, I was sated, 100% refreshed and ready to take on the world, well at least another round of partying :) Hey, it's Vegas for crying out loud.Happy Eats!
1	This place is a french want to be restaurant. Not really premium and authentic french food, Very americanized and expensive.
3	came here for dinner the first time. service was excellent. the country styled pate and the french fries were too salty that they ruined the rest of my meal. the roasted chicken dish was okay only, nothing special.  the mussels dish was very good. the creme brulee was the best i have had. the paring white wine was very good. portion is about average...plan to come back to try the rest of the menu? yes.
1	Huge Expectations. Huge disappointment!Coming from San Francisco, we expected Bouchon in Vegas to have the same quality, flavor and excellence as Keller's Napa outpost. Do not waste your time (should be at the pool, not at a restaurant for hours) or money ($100 for 2 for a dry, lackluster brunch!!!) at Bouchon.
3	Had a quick lunch here.  Limited menu of sandwiches and salads.  Enjoyed the pommes frites and the steak sandwich as well as the classy ambiance but pricey for what you pay for. Bouchon accepts credit cards including Amex.
4	Came for a celebration dinner with my fiance.  Many previous reviews have covered the details. We enjoyed the dozen oysters (sooo silky smooth),roasted leg of lamb and salmon along with a half bottle of chardonnay.  yum!!!!  I liked the laid back atmosphere and the service was good.  Looking forward to trying another Thomas Keller restaurant next time we are back in town.
2	It was between Bouchon and Aureole for dinner and we chose Bouchon based on the yelp reviews. Wish we hadn't.It was a loud experience, they were out of the dinner special, we waited an inordinate amount of time for our entree,  and nothing about the food was particularly memorable.  We have had better french bistro food from Bistro Du Coin in Washington DC then we had at this supposed "Five-Star Vegas Restaurant". The food is pricey for what you receive, and nothing on the menu is particularly impressive. Save your money and go somewhere else.
1	I'm a Thomas Keller fan. I've been to Bouchon in Beverly Hills and thought it was great.  However, my party and I had an eminently forgettable experience at the Venetian location.The food was sub-par.  I ordered the rib-eye and it came out dry and overcooked.  Everyone else poked at their food as well.Worst of all though, was the service.  The waiter was rude and literally talked back to the guy paying the bill for the rest of us.  His tip was representative of his behavior.Both Thomas Keller and the Venetian are better than this restaurant.  Many other more memorable places to eat in Las Vegas.  Try any one of them but leave Bouchon off the list.
5	I've been to Bouchon for brunch twice now--it is the best way to recover after a fun Vegas night.  The restaurant has a great french bistro vibe and is kind of hidden in one the Venetian towers, which adds to its charm.  All of the food we've had there has been excellent.  I had the chicken and waffles, which is slightly expensive but was very tasty.  There are also great bargains on the brunch menu, like the french toast (awesome) and the waffles. We will be going back the next time we're in Vegas.
5	So, I'm not a frequent fancypants restaurant-goer, at least not while in grad school. My trip to Bouchon was due to celebration of my boyfriend's 40th birthday, and because when I can afford it, I do like to eat well. I can happily say that it exceeded my expectations. Yes, it was pricey, but it was worth all of my hard-won money (yep, I actually won in Vegas!). The main reason for such a wonderful experience wasn't the food or the restaurant's help with a cake from the Bouchon Bakery, which was probably the best cake I've ever eaten. No, it was because of our waiter, Paul. Maybe the best waiter I've ever had. Such a cool, laid back type of guy, but so hilarious, and on the top of his game throughout the night. He did everything for us, thought of everything, took care of it all, and all with the greatest sense of humor I've experienced in any restaurant anywhere. He made us laugh throughout the entire meal, yet still met our expectations for the kind of service you would expect in a fine dining atmosphere.   We had a large party, and Paul took care of separate checks for us and waited on us as we took our sweet, large, party-of-nine-time to figure out our bills (we were almost the last people to leave the restaurant that evening). He chose drinks that complimented our meals and opened us all up to something new. He gave us the best entree recommendations. Monkfish and Steak Diane. Just do it. And the mussels. Really do that! He even tried to pawn our bill off on our dining neighbors, to the best of his ability (it was that kind of a night and that much fun of an experience). I loved our Bouchon experience and will rave about it to all of my friends, but more importantly, I want everyone to know that my 5-star rating is truly on account of Paul. Ask for him. And he's not from New York, he's from Chicago. Even better. Thanks, Paul, for a truly wonderful experience.
5	A Diamond in the rough, you walk around Vegas with all the cheesy places but this place is amazing.Only downside was a slow service where we needed to ask a few times for stuff.But... That said.. It was probably the best Croque Madame I ever had.
2	We were looking forward to Sunday brunch based on all the rave reviews regarding their breakfasts and brunches. We were not impressed. 1) they are not set up for handling large numbers of waiting people. I'm sure their bar lost out on monies because so many were just sitting waiting to be seated. 2) They really don't seem to know how to gauge wait time. We were told it would be 20 mins and it ended up being more like 40 mins. 3) As we waited, it seemed an inordinate amount of tables were left unseated which was inexplicable given how many people were standing around waiting to be seated. Overall, we weren't impressed with their organizational skills. Finally seated, I ordered a special (scrambled eggs w/shrimp and tomato lobster sauce) which was not very tasty. Quite "meh" for me. My husband ordered the ham steak with potatoes. I liked the potatoes, but the entire thing was way too salty for him. He did like his cream cheese danish very much. And I enjoyed the bread/butter/jam they brought around at the beginning of the meal. Overall we were quite disappointed. We will not be going there again and would be hard-pressed to go to any of the others given our experience with this one.
5	Bouchon was AMAZING! have been to the one in Napa and loved it but had never been to the one in Vegas.What really made our experience the best was our waiter, Michael. he made our dining experience complete! he was so knowledgable about everything.. I described the type of wine I liked (we had earlier ordered abottle from the bar that we didn't completely love) and he brought out the most perfect bottle - delish! The bread and butter were to die for. I had the scallop special which was also amazing. Love the decor, love the food and wine, loved the waiter.. only thing that would have made it THE best expereince ever would be if we could have met Chef Keller:) Will be back next month when I am back in vegas!
3	I came here for brunch TWICE while on business.  Service was generally slow and the food was generally good but doesn't warrant the hype.  I've sampled the following:Croque Madame: Good but greasyLobster Eggs Benedict Special: Yum but the server did forget to ask for the hollondaise to be put on the sidePain au chocolat: Yum, but I've had better elsewhere (the little pastry shop outside Macy's Mens at South Coast Plaza - forget the name of the shop)I would expect a better level of service and food with a restaurant attached to the Thomas Keller name and expect that this place is going to turn into those chains (like what Emeril and Bobby Flay already have) because it brings in the MONEY!
4	Service was top notch and the atmosphere was excellent.  Breakfast was okay (good but not OMGWTF-I-think-I-just-peed-a-little good).  Drinks (great way to start a day in Vegas) were great (French 75, and some Raspberry drink which we can't remember the name of).  Moi thinks that this place is le worth it.
5	Bouchon gets everything right.  The cocktails are amazing (I like the Grand Cru, my husband always gets a Blood and Sand).  Service is perfect.  And the food is gorgeous.  The steak frites are always on the menu, and they're always worth it.  There's always a nightly special, and sometimes that will call to me over the steak frites.  I haven't yet regretted anything that I've had here.  Desserts are lovely, including the off-menu (but always available) bouchons: little chocolate brownies with ice cream.  The wine list is good, and the sommelier is very good about providing recommendations that meet both your tastes and your budget.  Bouchon is the one place that I absolutely must visit every time I'm in Vegas.
2	We were very disappointed. My husband ordered Monkfish and at least 2/3 of the serving was a bone. When he called it to the server's attention, he got defensive and tried to tell us that Monkfish always has bones like that. Hmmm--we've cooked monkfish at home many times with much better luck. Service was good and other dishes were good, but the server and manager were really inappropriate under the circumstances. If they had just offered to bring him another serving of the fish, we would have been happy to continue a pleasant meal.Dessert was good, wine selection impressive and the room is beautiful.
4	I come here for brunch almost every time I come to Vegas. I always end up splitting the following two dishes:The CHICKEN and WAFFLES!!! Its a chicken is cooked rotisserie style and is juicy, moist and flavorful. The sauce with the mushrooms and bacon is heavenly. The waffles are made with a savory chive batter. An upscale version of chicken and waffles that is worth trying. A very memorable and tasty dish.CROQUE MADAME is also very good! Excellent frites!Came here for my birthday with a bunch of my girls and they gave us a HUGE basket of pastries on the house! Then after we ate they gave us complimentary cream puff desert with candle!! Love this place!
2	We were in Vegas last week for a wedding and on our last night decided to have a special dinner at one of the many highly-acclaimed restaurants in that city.  I decided on Bouchon, having been to their sister restaurant in Napa valley and really enjoying our meal.  And Thomas Keller - how can you go wrong?First off, the restaurant is not as nice as the Napa location and the table they gave us, just inside the door was too much in the traffic path and too bright.  And the service was lacking.  When my husband ordered one of the specials, he was told "oh, we're out of that"  I wasn't bothered however, thinking about the meal I was going to have - the roast chicken - just back from France and having had the chicken before in Napa.  Well, the chicken was hugely disappointing.  It was very crispy (roasted?), and the meat was dry - overcooked.  The vegetables accompanying the chicken ( mushrooms and ?) were chewy and tasteless and the sauce was overwhelmed by cloves.Interestingly enough, my sister had also taken friends to the Bouchon in Napa that weekend and had the same experience with the chicken.  She was embarrassed to have suggested the restaurant, but made up for it the next night when she took them to Bistro Jeanty which everyone raved about. ( just like we used to do about Bouchon)So sad, but we will never go back.
4	Went here for a late breakfast on a weekday and I had a great breakfast. I had the Breakfast Americanine - that have me a chance to try several different things and all were good. The service great, the ambiance very nice (and when I went not at all crowded).
3	The bread and the butter were amazing.  The salad the waiter recommended (with the gooey egg) was hopelessly bland and the lamb shank had the unmistakable taste and texture of leftovers--not bad leftovers, but not what you'd expect if the shank was crafted that day.  The sauce was meager tasting and way too gelatinous.       And I'm not sure if it was due to the number of heart attacks diners have in LV or not, but there seemed to be no salt in or on anything (including the fries, which were just ok, too).  I've eaten here before (for breakfast, which was awesome), but dinner was only satisfactory.
5	OK... Anytime you stay in Vegas and eat at the same place for breakfast 4 days in a row, it's 5 stars for sure.  We would have gone everyday just for the coffee!  Asked about it and heard it was a "four bean proprietary blend".  Damn good!The food was just amazing as well as the service.  Between our group we managed to try a lot of the menu although my wife got hung up on the quiche of the day which happened to be Florentine each day.  It was creamy deliciousness.  Also sampled were the sourdough waffles, sausage, bacon, corn beef hash, scrambled and over-easy eggs, french toast.  Every bit of it was absolutely perfect.  I would go back daily if I lived in the Palazzo or Venetian!  Bless you Thomas Keller...
3	3.5 starsWe had our first and our last meal at Bouchon. On the first visit, the service was impeccable (5 star). Second visit it was pretty indifferent (2.5 stars). First visit, all of the food was delicious (4.5 stars). On the second visit it was a little disappointing.....It's a shame that inconsistency seems to be an issue with the best of restaurants -- but also telling  as to why those special experiences are really special. Also an indication of just how difficult it is to deliver to their standards and customer expectations each and every time.That all being said, this will be on my list to visit on next trip to Las Vegas -- and there's a good chance it will be the first meal.
4	I planned to have lunch or dinner at Bouchon, but didn't get around to it.  Yes, a lame excuse, but that's how the dice rolled.  I did make it to breakfast and had soup du jour, french toast and a D'Artagnan (amped up mimosa).  The soup was a veggie puree with swirled rasberry puree; a very nice breakfast starter that morning.  The french toast was more of a french cake; not too sweet and a bit tart (perfect with the D'Artagnan).  I will definitely make time on my next trip for lunch or dinner.
3	Was a little disappointed here.  The food to me was very average and a bit on the salty side.  Our waiter was also a bit preoccupied talking to one specific table for a really long time to give us decent service.
4	Background info: Saturday night, holiday weekend, 8:15 reservation, party of 5.My Lonely Planet guide book made me excited to visit by mentioning it is the same guy who did French Laundry in Napa, but I ended up being disappointed.Food. This is my disappointment. I expected the quality of the food to at least approach the quality of Chez Panisse. I could make food this good at home, and I've paid less for better food. Granted, the ingredients were really fresh. Nothing tasted bad, but it lacked that vitality I've had at Shawn's on Main and Chez Panisse. Service. Freakin' excellent. The fun thing about Vegas is almost everyone is a comedian, and our two service gentlemen were a dynamic duo.Ambiance. I loved dining with rich and snooty beside the Korean hipsters and romantic couples. High ceilings, subdued lighting, kitchen theater, pictures on the wall that are well painted but make absolutely no sense. Pretty though.Tasty, but better food has spoiled me.
5	I love Bouchon. It's still my favorite place to go hands down. They are extremly fresh and have excellent service. I ate at the bouchon in Beverly hills and didn't encounter a single difference in food quality in Vegas. The food has always been delicious and this one time I went we ordered practically everytihng. From the bakery basket in which the waiter chooses for us a selection of baked goods to the mussels to the hash. Everything was delicious. And you can't beat the price around 20-30 a person with small apps. Or aroudn 40-50 if your drinkin a little. Very reasonable for what your getting.Take a peek at my photos.Thanks Thomas Keller for a great meal again!
3	After hearing of the painstakingly long lines for buffet in Vegas for Thanksgiving, we decided to try a fancy sit-down restaurant for dinner.  The Thanksgiving special of the night was your choice of turkey pot pie or sliced turkey with mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, and stuffing ($38 for either option).  I went with the more traditional sliced turkey breast (free range), which was juicy and flavorful.  The stuffing was an interesting mix of the dark meat of the turkey with bread stuffing.  Unfortunately, it was very salty which made it difficult to eat.  The cranberry sauce was excellent, with just the right amount of sweet and tart flavor, and the mashed potatoes were, well, just your standard mashed potatoes (albeit freshly made).  Prior to the turkey, I had the gnocchi appetizer, which was delicious and perfectly cooked.  In a similar vein, someone that had the French onion soup remarked that it was the best French onion soup he's ever had.  Due to the holiday rush of patrons, service was slow and it took a very long time to get our entrees in.  Luckily, we had bread and appetizers to tide us over, and at least we could admire the elegant ambiance of the room while we were waiting.
4	Surprisingly casual and terrific food.
5	Bouchon for brunch - best idea ever. Maybe I just made the right decision for my order...chicken and waffles all the way. We started with some freshly fried beignets; always a yummy option. But really, they're just donut holes with a side of vanilla butter and fruit jam. The American breakfast is a great deal. Two people in my table ordered this; they chose to go with the chocolate almond croissant which is a MUST. It's one of the most amazing creations in the pastry world (at least that's my opinion ;-p). The breakfast itself also comes with a nice fresh toasted bricohe and eggs done your way. I ordered the chicken and waffles; so good. I've had good experience with Thomas Keller and chicken (Yountville Ad Hoc fried chicken...ughhhhhhh...sooooo good). His restaurant's just...KNOW how to do chicken. It was so tender and juicy, and the perfect amount of seasoning. Waffles were savory, which is new for me, but I love sweet and salty so it was all just too good to be real. Bouchon brunch - do it.
3	bouchon may have had its days but the 3 of us didnt really find our dinner to be amazeballs as expected. food was well-prepared as would be expected, but we all ended up feeling sick post-dinner. not cool. most memorable thing would have to be the bread. that's it.
5	I'ma break it down for you. 1. Do not miss the oysters. If you can get the Chelsea Gems, do, because they are the most delicious, unusual oyster I've ever had and I am very sorry that I didn't eat more of them. 2. We had impeccable service. Friendly, but unobtrusive and we never lacked for anything. 3. The prices are high, but it's my favorite thing. Fine dining in a casual atmosphere. Also, the food is simple, delicious and truly lovely. Can you get a steak cheaper somewhere else? Undoubtedly and if you care a lot about that, then you probably should go somewhere else. 4. I had some manner of chocolate mousse for dessert and it was so amazingly well done. 5. They give you pistachios on your table! Pistachios! Lovely! And there's a pot of wonderful smelling mustard, but I didn't use it on anything and now I'm sorry that I did.
5	love this place. the corned beef hash for breakfast is awesome
4	Breakfast to die for!!!My wife and I got in late, and woke up the next day hungry. We wanted breakfast so I yelp for local places.  We have tried Hash House a Go Go, great place when not watching your calories.  I saw other places with comments $40 for breakfast ya da, ya da.  We were staying in the Venezia tower and had eaten at Bouchon's before.  I noticed that Bouchon served breakfast so I was game.  I was not disappointed.  French pastry's, European coffee, what could be better.I ordered the omelet of the day, stuffed with artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and cheese.  Perfect eggs, good sausage, with brioche toast.My wife had the bread pudding French toast with warm Carmel vanilla sauce. "Heaven on a plate" according to my wife.  The service was great, and for the strip, and an upscale restaurant the $38 dollar breakfast was another great moment.If you stay anywhere near this place it is a must try for breakfast.
5	Came here for brunch. Best waffles ever!!! Bacon and chive waffles paired with a delicious savory sauce, you can't go wrong. I had high expectations and they were definitely met. I would highly recommend you come early or make a reservation. Kind of hard to get to but worth finding.
5	I have wanted to try Bouchon for years.  Now, I feel as if I have been missing out for a long time.  Took my mom for breakfast and ordered the pastry basket and tropical fruit.  Everything, including the coffee, was spectacular.  Our server was Lena, and her attention to us was just perfect.  Cannot wait to go back!
5	Absolutely wonderful. Although the wine guy was trying to sell us a $3000 bottle of Lafite more than once. The food and the service was what a Thomas Keller restaurant ought to be.
5	hm. had awesome brunch with my family.also, took a picture. apparently mario batali was enjoying a nice sunday brunch with his family right behind me. if i had only known earlier... awkward things could have been said, that couldn't have been unsaid..
2	I was here for brunch and found my meal to be dry and unfufilling.  The restaurant was nice - did a great job of feeling like a french brasserie but it also felt a bit like a fancy Denny's in the morning.  The wait staff was good.
3	We ate at Bouchon for dinner.Their menu was so adorable. It was made out of paper and folded around each of our table napkins. We have to unfold it to see the menu choices.Our server was excellent. He was good at explaining what off-menu items there are. He also kept our table clean from the bread crumbs we get from eating their bread.Our water was kept filled by other waiters and our dishes were always taken away as soon as we were finished with them.My recommendations:- Escargot: The escargot is served with a puffy pastry on top. The pastry was nice and crunchy and complimented the escargot pretty well.- Pate: Very yummy spread.- Mussels entree: The sauce and the mussels tasted pretty good.For my entree I ordered the salmon which came with couscous. My dish did not taste salty at all and the salmon was not dry. However, I did taste some of the Steak "Diane" entree and it was pretty salty. The mussels entree was delicious though. The only thing I don't like about this entree is the big amount of fries they give. I try to avoid fries, but that's just me.I would come again in the future because of the great service and delicious appetizers. I will probably try something new for the entree though.
4	Had a wonderful lunch here with one of my girlfriends.  The cesar salad was amazing and the bloody mary was spot on.  Impeccable service.
3	My friend the chef and obsessor over the owner of this place will probably want to beat me for lowering their overall rating by giving it a 3, but that's all it was for my fiance and myself. To be fair, this isn't really my style of food (a bit fancy for my taste) but we were trying to keep up with our friends and be refined...my mistake :-) lolMy fiance and I both ordered the same thing, Steak and Frites. I don't do lamb, or fish, or chicken with bone, etc. so really, the steak was my only choice...and I love fries.The dish was fine, but I've had MUCH better steak at a lot of different places, and the fries were just fries. I ordered the vanilla creme brulee for dessert and while it was quite good, it didn't have anything with it. Usually vanilla creme brulee is served with some sore of fruit compote or cream on top...something. My fiance orderd the eggnog custard, he said it was REALLY good, but it was TINY for $9. It should have been AT LEAST twice the size. Overall, for portion size, I think it was overpriced, but I was kind of expecting that.I did like the ambiance of the place..very nice/cute. The service was excellent and the champagne that was recommended to us after we told our waiter what we liked was fantastic...an excellent suggestion! Our friends liked their dishes (chicken, and monk fish) and they were plated very nicely. We went because our friend is a big fan of the chef and being a cook himself he wanted to go, but this was not a place I would have chosen myself & I probably wouldn't return, but I wouldn't say I regret going.
3	With a high powered name like Thomas Keller behind the restaurant, expectations also run accordingly.  We went with a group of friends for dinner and felt that the food was fairly good, but not fantastically so.  It may have also been due to the fact that when you are in Vegas, with so many great places to eat, the curve works against you - it is like my freshman college bio class where 94% was a B+.The highlight of our dinner was the trout almondine.  I am not a big fan of trout, but this one in particular was so tender and delicate that it was one of the best fish dishes I have ever had.  The sliced almonds provided a nice mellow nutty contrast to the trout.  It was one of those dishes that shine without having loud flavors but yet provide a soothing feel to the palate,Saffron mussels were also decent, with nice creamy mussels.  We found the gnocchi was very doughy and bland - a definite pass.Overall, we enjoyed our dining experience here, but not so sure that it would be worth a repeat visit, especially in this town.
4	Cozy, romantic atmosphere. Pleasant staff. The bread is placed directly on the table. You are not given a plate for this bread and butter. That was a strange and messy experience. The bread was great, though. I had the gnocchi, the vegetarian option (I was also told the chef could prepare something else, too). Delicious! Very filling. Boyfriend also had some of my gnocchi and loved it. I dreamt about it all week. Quick water refills. Expensive wine.
1	I always feel particularly nonplussed when a famous chef (who by all accounts actually cares about food) sells his or her name to a mediocre establishment that surely bears no relationship to the chef's real output.  Judging by my experience, Bouchon is just such a sell-out.To be sure, I was there for lunch, when a full menu was not available.  With appropriately modest expectations, I ordered a sandwich from the four or so sandwiches and four or so salads on offer.  I got a few slices of lunchmeat, a slice of cheese, and some ribbons of shredded lettuce tossed with a sweet brown mixture that was allegedly balsamic vinaigrette.  The only redeeming fact about it was that the undistinguished poppy-seed roll on which it was served had been toasted.As for the accompaniments:  The "house made" pickle was so sweet I rejected it after a bite.  The french fries (cheerfully upsold to me without any mention of the fact that they were several dollars extra) were perfectly adequate-- relatively crispy, if tasteless and overly uniform.I really hope that Thomas Keller at least gets rich off of this deal, because it has substantially reduced my esteem for him.
1	I and a friend dined here tonight, following the suggestion of a friend who said it was outstanding.  It isn't.  Though it starts off well with the perfunctory greetings, it went downhill.  The wine sommelier had a hard time opening the wine we brought.  My soup arrived at barely above room temperature.  Our entrees took FOREVER to arrive, and once again, mine was barely above room temperature.  The waiter, to his credit, did apologize for the delay in getting the food out to us.  And he did so twice.  That was a bad sign when he had to inform us twice.  The manager tried to make it up with bring out desserts and dessert wine.  I just don't like sweets.  For the wine we brought, the restaurant did comp the corkage fee, and the desserts and dessert wine (which were unwanted) were also comp'ed.  I will NOT go back to this place.
4	Breakfast at Bouchon used to be a solid 5, but I feel that there are too many dishes to avoid on the menu for me to give the restaurant an overall 5.  I have also noticed a few changes that bothered me since my last visits.It can get quite crowded in the morning.  Breakfast is their thang afterall... which ends at 10:30am.  As long as you get your name on the list to the hostess before 10:30am you are safe.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table.  The restaurant itself is beautiful.  The windows are tall and the sunlight pours right in from the Venezia gardens.  You actually feel like you are in a true French bistro.The sourdough waffles are always a delight.  I pretty much only order this for breakfast.  The dough is light and fluffy with a slight sourness from the sourdough (in a good way).  They don't over stuff you like most waffles and pancakes do.  Every time that I have had them in the past it has come with strawberries and blackberries.  This time however it came with bananas and walnuts... MEH.  We asked our waitress why and she said that strawberries aren't in season... which makes sense except that I saw the lady next to us receive waffles with strawberries and blackberries on hers!  ARGH.  So I push the walnuts off and only eat the bananas which are a lame fruit compared to fresh berries.I don't like maple syrup so I ask for whipped cream every time.  Usually it is thick whipped cream but this time the consistency is more airy like the whipped topping on a latte.  Another MEH in my book...I like to order a side of their bacon to go with the waffles so that I get a little bit of meat.  Their side is about $5 but they give you a lot of bacon.  Worth it.Do not order the Brioche French Toast... it is not what you expect.  My mother and brother have both ordered this and not liked it.  It is more bread pudding than French toast.  If you are a bread pudding fan then this is for you.Also if you like traditional corned beef hash do not order the Bouchon version.  It is the kind where the meat is all chopped up... my mom felt that there also were not enough potatoes to balance out all the corned beef in the dish.  Just be aware of the variations that Bouchon puts on normal breakfast dishes.I love the baked goods and coffees.  Their vanilla latte is perfect and their cheese danish is something that we always bring back.  You can get baked goods in the bottom floor of the Venetian.  It is also cheaper than the sit down restaurant of course.I haven't had lunch here but the pomme frites look delicious.  My family likes the breakfast here but just be careful with what you order and make sure you know what you are getting.  The sourdough waffles are a no fail choice.
4	Had brunch there. Umm Umm goodness. I will definitely be back for dinner.
5	I've eaten here for dinner and breakfast. Both were spectacular. The most memorable dinner item was the smoked salmon mimosa salad. I seriously could eat the entire plate myself. The croque madame and gratin were good for breakfast. The caramel latte was too sweet though. All in all my husband and I love this place and would be coming back again.Baby friendly for breakfast!
5	I am in love.  Nutella!  Amazing coffee!  Wish that they would expand their menu of sweet crepes!  Go to the restaurant (up the elevators).  It is cheaper than the "to go" stand in the casino.  I ordered my food to go a couple of times from the restaurant without a problem.  Yum!
4	After winning the slot machines, I decided to take my friend and I to Bouchon to splurge. When entering the restaurant, I felt like the host was looking down at us as if we were inferior and didn't have money. However, the other staff members were really friendly and helpful. There was a minor wait which didn't take too long and we were eventually seated.It was Sunday during brunch time so we ordered a "Croque Madame" and the daily special of the day, "Lobster Egg Benedict". I love egg benedict and this was absolutely delicious! The mass amounts of fries on my friend's Croque Madame caught us by surprise. They literally put handfuls of fries on any dish that contains fries. I'm not saying that's a bad thing but my friend was too full to finish it all. My friend originally wanted the fried chicken and waffles but they ran out of it! We were sad and even more depressed when we saw the table next to us have one of the few last ones. Another thing that caught me by surprise was the bread they handed out. It was shaped like a weapon used in ancient times. In addition, they lay the bread in the middle of the table with no plates to eat it with. I was carefully eating the bread without leaving crumbs all over the place. For a somewhat fancy place, I would've expected small bread plates at least.Service was average and can be a little better but I still tipped the waiter good. I can't justify tipping low unless the service was super bad.To sum it all up, Bouchon has scrumptious food and I will definitely come back to either of the locations in Beverly Hills, Vegas, or Yountville.
5	12/26/2011Wife and I decided that we deserved another day to ourselves in this year of 2011.  For the second time this year, we ditched the two kids to the grandparents and took off to Vegas for the night.  Based on Hazel Q and Hazel F's glowing review and 1520 other mostly positive reviews, we decided that Bouchon was the place to be.  I was so excited to try it for the first time.Interesting walk up to the restaurant since it was not on the main floor of the Venetian casino.  on our way up the elevator and through the hallway, A and I both realized "hey, we've been here!"It was 6-7 years ago and we didn't have a memorable experience here...  upon arrival at the restaurants entrance, we had confirmed our memory of our last experience at Bouchon.  The fact that I didn't remember having dined here spoke volume about our last experience...  only vague memory I had was "overpriced, under-portioned."  We looked at each other as we were being seated and said "lets keep an open mind and let this experience speak for itself."  After all, we were not the foodies are now 7 years ago.  Plus, if memory serves me correct, we didn't order a lot of the courses as we were with a large group years ago.  So with a bottle of Sea Smoke in hand, empty stomachs, and open mind (yeah, i stole that from the Chairman on Iron Chef), we sat and decided to really experience Bouchon.Oh my, and what an EXPERIENCE it was.The restaurant itself is fairly casual.  After all, it is a French "bistro."  what I am trying to say is that it isn't a stuffy highbrow joint.  you can relax and dine in peace.  one minor knock is that there isn't a lot of privacy.  tables are pretty much right next to one another.The service was top notch.  Our server Julie was attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable about food and wine.  We even shared some of our prized Sea Smoke Ten with her as she was able to spot it and comment on its cult value.  After some discussion amongst ourselves and Julie, we decided to go with:Petit Plateau (1/2 lobster, 8 oysters, 4 shrimp, 4 clams, 8 mussels)Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (2.5 oz)Roasted Bone MarrowSalade de Cresson et d'Endives au Roquefort, Pommes et Noix (mixed green salad)Moules au Safran (mussels in wine and saffron)Julie asked if we wanted to have the starters together or staggered, we opted for staggered...  a wise choice, more on that later.we started with the seafood platter.  served with four basic but extraordinary sauces.  cream mustard, vinegar, horseradish, and cocktail.  All the seafood were very fresh, each sauce or combination of sauce and seafood item, provide an unique experience for the taste buds.Then came the most extraordinary, silky, buttery, food porn like jar of foie gras I've ever had in my life.  served on french bread and sprinkle (self) some sea salt...  I am talking HEAVEN.  I love foie gras and this was the best I've ever had.  the 2.5 oz jar was way more than enough for the two of us.  we asked for more bread and I made sure that every ounce of that salty goodness was eaten...  with no shame.Now I feel a little sorry for the roasted bone marrow.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVED this bone marrow.  roasted, sliced lengthwise, topped with black pepper veal jus.  BUT, served after the foie gras did it an injustice.  We even debated this point with Julie since I thought the flavors of the foie overpowered the senses and therefore the marrow should have been served first...  however, being that the marrow was the hot dish, the "proper" course was to serve the foie first.  In addition, we were already getting really full from the seafood and foie at this point.  So while the foie gets a 11/10, the marrow ranked 9.5/10 on my list.by this time we were already stuffed.  I mean bursting at the seams.  I asked Julie if the chef had fired up the main and if it was possible to cancel the remaining dishes.  Since we elected to have our courses served staggered, they were able to cancel the remaining dishes, no problem.I LOVED this dining experience at Bouchon and will not forget it for a long time to come.  If for nothing else, one must come to have the foie gras.  it is to die for.
4	Definitely a very nice brunch experience, although EXTREMELY busy/packed and was a long wait (close to lunch) before we got a seat. Service was really attentive though. I would recommend this for brunch if you get the chance - the food is exquisite and so is the atmosphere, being located at the Venetian (although a bit of a trek).Their cappuccinos were quite good. Definitely the BEST French Toast I've tasted...I can see why it sells out fast. I ordered the strawberry waffle which was also good. Our server recommended their scallop potatoes, but I was skeptical, because how good could a potato be? FANTASTIC. It was super tasty, and the texture was amazing, not just "a regular potato". I was addicted to it.
4	Oh Thomas Keller, I love your food. Can't you open up a Bouchon Bistro in NYC? I can't just live on the bakery alone. So my friend, her bf, and I were in town to run in the half marathon. We were trying to locate the restaurant and of course, we got lost. We finally found it in the Venezia Tower. We made a reservation for 9PM, a late dinner, really a midnight supper for someone who had just arrived from the east coast.We arrived slightly ahead of schedule so we were told to wait until our table opened. After a few minutes, we were promptly seated.  The menu is what you expect from a really good bistro. I wish I could afford French Laundry or Per Se but I can't.  Thank you Thomas Keller for creating a casual establishment for people like me.Since I was running 13.1 miles the next day, I decided to pass on the booze, which was a bummer.  They do have an extensive list as expected.  So the next time I'm there, I will definitely order a bottle.For me onion soup is a staple at any French bistro.  I love onion soup!  Who doesn't like the melted cheese on top? Mmm...so good.  (And bad for you.)My friends's bf had the chicken. You have to have chicken at a Thomas Keller restaurant. My friend got the mussels. All were great bistro dishes. I got the trout with toasted almonds. It was done perfectly. The only problem I had was that it may have been too much, which is a good problem to have. For dessert, we had the profiteroles, chocolate mousse, and a mystery dessert the waiter had recommended. All were awesome and left us wanting for more. Okay maybe not since we were full. The mystery dessert was actually a bouchon. Great service, great food in Sin City. What more can you ask for?
5	I wish I could live inside bouchon. Just the best place!Breakfast or dinner. On this occasion we did dinner. Service excellent. The best thing ever was the freakin' lamb. dear god. it was so amazing! My husband had the halibut I think.. but who cares I had the lamb and that was amazzzzing so I didn't even care about his dish. AND the oysters. amazing!Now we gotta go to the one in Bev. Hills!
4	Came here for brunch and dinner on our trip.  Reasonable prices and very tasty.  Two things that you must order:  Chicken and waffes and the Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (a pot of fois gras)!
5	Bouchon continues to be one of my favorite restaurants. It is quintessential French bistro and carefully walks the fine line between casual and fine dining. But to be certain, this is fine dining without snobbery. Plan to spend a couple of hours here, and the experience will be better. All ingredients are top of the line, fresh & well prepared. We started with the cold petite seafood platter. Fresh and top of the line shellfish.  The entrees were excellent.  Mussels were served in a cast iron pot with fries.  The steak was mouthwatering and was served with fries, The trout was prepared in an all clad pan and served that way with croutons that weren't to be believed. In all, outstanding.
5	Decently priced and delicious French cuisine! Struggling through the French menu was well worth the food. Our waiter was so nice and very down to earth, asked us about how we spent New Years and talking about how he spent his.I recommend the bone marrow here. WOW two HUGE medium rare pieces with toasted bread to sop up all of the delicious sauce. This is the dish that made the greatest impression. I will remember you forever bone marrow.My sole and my boyfriend's lamb came out perfect. The lamb was so tender. I almost wish I had ordered that instead of my fish except my fish had the BEST SAUCE IN THE UNIVERSE!Next time, I am coming in for brunch to try the chicken and waffles or the croque madame or..both! Thank you Thomas Keller - you are a culinary god!
2	Haven't been back since, and don't really plan on going. However, I just happened to be sifting through my reviews and decided based on the two times I've been here, it really deserves 2 stars instead of 3. Being disappointed with the food and having to pay a lot doesn't really deserve an "A-OK" rating.
4	Brunch Review - Sunday 9amFood: 5 StarsService: 5 StarsAtmosphere: 5 StarsValue: 4 StarsGroup of 6 had breakfast here.  Beautiful setting in high ceiling french bistro setting overlooking landscaped pool area.  Got table right away, wasn't full at 9am, but was 2/3 full by the time we left.Ordered pastry basket which had 4 outstanding pastries ($16).  Ordered coffee, which for drip, was outstanding ($3.50 each).  I ordered omelet of the day, which was excellent ($16).  Wife ordered sourdough waffles, which may have been best we've ever hard, topped with sauteed bananas ($12).  Other couple split chicken and waffles.  Waffles had bacon pieces in them, savory.  Chicken was roasted, not fried.  Tender and tasty, with great gravy.Altogether, with some split meals and other stuff not mentioned, $96 tab for the 6 people.  Everyone ate plenty.We walked away feeling it was one of the best breakfasts we've had in a long-time.I have now found my "every time in Vegas" breakfast spot.  Highly recommended (and I'm a tough critic!).
3	Get the house rose...order the caviar.  Get a french onion soup and just enjoy the scenery.There isn't much that can be said, that already hasn't been said.  I love this place it is a great place to hang out with friends or even enjoy an evening with the wife.  You will love the consistent food and the atmosphere.  Kinda confusing to get to though...I think i took 2 different elevators to get to the restaurant.Cheer!
1	OVERRATED. Took my girlfriend to watch the Lion King (LOVED IT) in December and we were so excited to try this place for brunch. After waiting an exhaustive period of time and watching hordes of people that came after us be seated before us, we confronted the host about it. They realized they totally screwed us so they immediately sat the 2 of us at a booth that could have easily sat around 6 people. OK, that's cool I guess...When my girlfriend asks our server if they have vanilla lattes he answers without any hesitation: "no." A bus boy working in the vicinity over hears us and actually tells us that they do make those because he used to work the espresso bar (I guess he got demoted for knowing too much?!).  Whatever, we are still trying enjoy the experience... We ended up ordering the Croque Madame, Corned Beef Hash, and some waffles. Croque Madame, ooh sounds fancy huh? Let me break it down for you: ham and cheese with egg on top. Sounds simple & delicious, well it should be UNLESS the bread is BURNT beyond edibility. After telling the waiter, he explains to us that's how the croque madame is supposed to be. We literally had to take one side of the bread and break it in front of him using both hands. Don't get me wrong, crispy/crunchy bread can be delicious, but this was not that. This was Wolverine-adamantium solid and burnt. The waiter then says to us, "yea ok, that looks pretty burnt"...We then had a run-in with his manager. You would think at a high end establishment he would come to our table to let us know that we were being taken care of. No! Instead he tells that the bread might come out the same way. WTF?! Anyways, the next one comes and it's perfectly fine, go figure! Corned beef hash...sigh. Why do I always feel the need to order corned beef hash at a fancy place when I know Hormel corned beef hash is simply the best?! Waffles were good. We really wanted to like this place, trust me. In the end, this was an epic fail. Food sucked b*lls and the service was horrid. Not worth your time and money people...
3	They should serve free Champagne, just for the adventurous people able to find this restaurant inside the huge Venetian Casino hotel. (Hint: take the elevator next to the reception on the right, to the second floor. Make a left and go down the hall) Anyhow, the bartenders were friendly and made fantastic drinks, unfortunately not cold enough to my taste. But the drinks were good. Try their signature cocktail "Bouchon Cocktail?". I was expecting the frites to be fantastic, but got some fries that were hard in texture and "over-fried". Oh well, eat them anyway with my drinks. The Washington Oysters were excellent. It is the first time that I spend a hundred bucks at the bar for four drinks and a couple appetizers!  We got a fantastic table for dinner and our waiter was nice and easy-going, so was the busboy (I hate that term. Most gentlemen in that position are mature, very professional and respectable). Our salmons were cooked perfectly and the dish was quite sophisticated. Good overall experience.I do really enjoy the french bistro atmosphere!
5	On a bachelorette party trip to Vegas, I think we ate every meal at Bouchon!  Must haves include:Sourdough waffles-  Umm, why don't we have these in San Francisco?  I don't even like waffles. The vanilla bean butter made these feel like dessert.French toast- dessert for breakfast.Croque Madame- Amazing grilled cheese (it better be at $19). So good it is on the brunch and dinner menu.Kir Royal- The best adult beverage of your life, blackcurrant champagne fizzWarning: The coffee may cause you to found a new religion or branch of philosophy.  No matter how hung over, you will not be hanging out by the pool after a cup of this Joe!For dinner,  Salude de Poulpe- I have a soft (not rubbery) spot for octopus. Followed by Truite aux Almandes- picture almonds, lots of almonds, over a bed of  green beans and butter.  No dessert this time.  To make the weekend last for the rest of the week, I brought home Macaroons in neon colors.  Each one was  essence of pistachio, coffee, strawberry, lemon, vanilla or chocolate that melts in your mouth.  Perfect with my morning coffee.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Loved Bouchon. It has a wonderful french brasserie atmosphere. The french margaritas were really good too! The waiter also knew a lot about the extensive wine collection. There are two french wines I'm in love with now. The food was delicious. We had pork belly for an appetizer and lamb for dinner. Y. U.M. I definitely recommend trying this restaurant!
5	Ooh macarons how I love you! This place was recommended by a friend who'd had their macarons. Mmmm yummy. I just had to come here and try them for myself. It was a little confusing to navigate my way here. It's a little stand alone stall inside the Venetian around the corner from the food court. Sadly they were out of their pistachio maracons so instead we had the coffee one and a red velvet cupcake. Their macarons are very delish and so fresh just they way they should be. I wasn't super impressed with the cupcake. You can get a way better red velvet from Sprinkles. I did like how they had the frosting inside the cupcake as well. Very indulging.
4	Love that chicken from Popeye's!  Sing that jingle, only replace "Popeye's" with "Bouchon" and you'll get the gist of my review.Wonderful restaurant from a food and service perspective. The place was classy but not snobby. I was there for a private event and was impressed with the beer selection as well as the food.  Every dish I had, from the charcuterie to the entree to the dessert was amazing.  The bread and the yellow mustard-y sauce on the table were both delicious.The desserts, which were little brownies and macarons, were also excellent.The acme of my meal was the chicken.  Oh my gosh, I never knew chicken could taste so good.  It was crisp on the outside, yet tender and juicy inside.  I love it so much that if it were legal in Nevada (and if I were Tracy Morgan), I would  say I wanna take this chicken behind the middle school and get it pregnant!
4	I've been here for brunch and dinner, both were enjoyable experiences, but I prefer brunch. For brunch I got something similar to a continental breakfast. Came with sausage, potatoes, egg, toast, pastry, fresh fruit, coffee and juice. They also have great mimosas and bellinis!For dinner, I had their trout, which was not pleasant I would not recommend. The only part of meal that I remember and loved was the chocolate bouchon we had for dessert. Denser than regular chocolate cake but not as dense as a brownie, served warm with vanilla ice cream, the perfect dessert! Came really early for brunch so we didn't need to make a reservation, but definitely should make a reservation for dinner.
5	Came in tonight with a date to eat..... got seated immediately by the window with a great view. I had the bourdin blanc which is white sausage (cooked very tender and delicious). My date had the duck salad which looked like an egg roll but very tasty. To accompy the meals, we ordered a 1/2 dozen oysters that went well with the red wine vinegar and cocktail sauce. To finish we had chocolate mouse with burnt orange sauce for dessert; the chocolate was very rich and creaamy but not over-the-top. Great night for dinner and I rarely go out to eat at nice places these days so I was happy to have a night with no problems.
4	The french onion soup tasted burnt. The mussels were gritty. The bread was delicious. The service was great. Nice decor. Loud.
4	CHICKEN & WAFFLES--I wanted fried--but this ain't Roscoe's--but maybe the best roasted chicken I've bit into--crisp brown skin outside & moist/ tender inside--bacon- & chive-specked waffle--not bad--evenly cooked--I'm glad I can afford this ($20 more than Bruxie)SOURDOUGH WAFFLE WITH BANANAS--not special but goodFRENCH TOAST--it don't look like French toast--it's actually bread-pudding style--layered with brioche, custard & apples--this is special--in taste & textureSIDE OF BACON--6+ lean & crispy slices--only $5--should be shared by 2-3INTERIOR--classic continental--high ceilings--warmed by Palladian windows--natural light just touching the hardwood panelingCONCLUSION--nothing so far in Venetian disappoints (except Tsunami's demise)--but I need to visit Bouchon for dinner to explore Thomas Keller's aspiration--is this the Best Brunch in Vegas?--I don't know--but I'd much rather savor this than gorge myself on an uneven buffet--or to drop a half dozen chips at craps
5	Absolutely fantastic! We recently ate here to celebrate a special occasion with wonderful people! Allow me to stress the fact that the best appetizer is the pork cheeks...at first glance I was hesitant but once you see it on your plate mixed with the smell of the onions, your jaw just drops!My entree: Steak Frites! Enough said! A huge steak with a more than generous side of fries!If for some reason you don't like this place, you should have yourself checked out...because you are the Antichrist!
3	I really really wanted to like this place. I had heard so much about it, and was super excited when a client requested we go there. Unfortunately I was also super disappointed. I thought the food would be amazing and creative, but everything we ate seemed very commonplace, and nothing stood out. The presentation was impressive, but the food itself was not. The flavors were somewhat bland, and pretty plain.NOTE - we were a larger group, and we went on a Wednesday, so maybe it was an off night, or because we were a large group they were rushing - I don't know. All I know is, with all the hype around this place I was thrilled to get to go, but I was sad that it didn't live up to what I thought it would be. Maybe I will have to try again with a smaller group.
5	12.18.2011Group of friends decided to try somewhere classier and we ended up at Bouchon. We had reservation for 530pm and the place was quite empty when we in. There were plenty of meat dishes to choose from, yet I was feeling more adventurous and decided on the monk fish with lobster sauce. The monk fish by itself didn't have much flavor, but dipping it in lobster sauce makes it go from okay to amazing. It fills you up and leaves you craving for more. Be warned, one of my friends had the steak and fries and there is simply too much fries.The service is something you would expect from such a highly rated restaurant. The food is quite pricey, but certainly worth the dining experience.
5	Upscale French Bistro. Service was very good. Staff was attentive. Had bone marrow toast. Got the 18oz bone in ribeye special. Tasty! So happy after dinner, wallet was not that happy. Made reservation a month ago. This place books fast.
3	Not a must stop when I'm in Vegas, but definitely a treat. The croque madame is super rich with melted cheese and a wonderful, oozy egg on top. The hash is prepared with tiny ham squares, not at all oily, but during the meal I was wishing for a hamsteak. The chicken and waffle was all right--the chicken was just a tad dry, and the waffle didn't have that satisfying crunch, but the syrup was yum. I like the chocolate bouchons and the red velvet cupcake. And, since it's located in Vegas, I love that the place will serve me a double Jameson neat with my breakfast.
4	Yum!!!! Thomas Keller, I am uncertain how you make the plain menu taste so good? This place is delicious. We had oysters (west coast) that were amazing. Full of flavor and so delicately prepared.The foie gras (aged in a glass jar) was a great preview of what's to come.The monkfish was flakey on a bed of mushroom and veggies. The lamb was perfectly prepared to a medium rare and was delicious. The dessert of the chocolate mouse rich and memorable. The service was great and evident of the Keller name.Bottom line: a super delicious place with some of the best casual feel that relaxes one. The presentation, quality of food, menu selection and the taste of the items was outstanding. A solid 4.5 stars / 5!Can not wait to return and experience again!!!!!! This is like French Laundry Light ;))
4	We had a great time here! The service was superior - they really worked hard to be friendly, professional and take care of your every need. The restaurant is a cozier space on the 10th floor of the Venetian. It's a bit hidden and kind of feels like you've stumbled on to a beautiful secret once you finally do find it. We found the menu to be fairly complete - lots of great options. On top of that they had a few really excellent specials. We started with the bone marrow - because, when else would we ever order bone marrow?! My other half LOVED it, but unfortunately it wasn't for me. I still recommend you try it! If we go back I'll probably try the fois gras instead. Our entrees were the lamb and the saffron muscles. Both were beautifully prepared and presented... and delicious!!! The wine list was extensive, but also very expensive. There was also a fairly long wait between the started and entree course - the kitchen must have gotten a bit backed up. Bottom line - this is a must try!
5	With 1,000+ reviews under your name, where have you been all my life, Bouchon??  Even though we slept at 6AM that morning and were suffering from massive hangovers, we still trekked here from our hotel for a late brunch...so glad we did.  Grub:  DEEE-licious.  Not only did one of the chefs hook us up with an entire seafood platter on the house complete with oysters, shrimp and mussels...but man, everything was so fresh and rich with flavor.  We ordered the quiche of the day (*drool*) , corn hash (*nom nom*) and a pan with clams and plenty of dipping sauce.  Service:  It didn't hurt that our waiter was a cute young lad and we were three friendly girls.  He was funny but kept it professional and polite..i hope we get him again the next time we decide to drop by!Ambiance:  The design is clean with a touch of classy vintage...not too shabby.  :)   Price:  Top notch but relatively reasonable for taste bud ecstasy.  I think the average was about $15-$20 per dish.
5	I had a Birthday cake made for my husband by bouchon and everything was AMAZING!  They had excellent customer service, allowed me to customize my cake and were great about communicating.  The cake was Exactly what I had hoped for and was also AMAZING!  A lot of pretty cakes are just pretty but this cake also tasted So Good and everyone at the BDay party Loved it!  5 stars for great service, a great looking AND tasting cake! Go bouchon! I really want to try out the restaurant now
3	Bouchon.... eehh. It wasn't anything special. We came here after a couple of days of partying, drinking and madness. We were looking for a tasty relaxing something before we left Vegas that morning. We got the brunch.I think our expectations were to high for our own good. I ordered the waffles and was looking forward to a soft but crunchy treat. It arrived and it looked plane. it wasn't bad but for Bouchon I would think it would be better.i would rather try some other places in vegas than go back.
5	One of my favorite things about Vegas is the food. When I come to this city, I want to eat and be deliciously impressed. This place did not disappoint...I had the seared scallops with a side if some sort of squash creation, and it was PHENOM. Several of my friends had the vegetarian option of gnocchi with asparagus, and I have no idea what the chef did to this dish. The gnocchi had amazing pillowy texture yet was somehow sort of toasty tasting (brown butter sauce, maybe?) and it was literally the best I have ever had. The only downside was that we were at a table of 10 girls and they could not split the check by seat. Not sure I really understand that...just be advised and bring cash if you're in a big group and you're not expecting one person to grab the bill.
3	Bouchon got really good review so we decided to give it a try. The service is good  and the food was good but not to die for.  We had duck confit, cod beignet, steak frittes, turkey pot pie, onion soup, leek potato, salad frisse, trio tart of pecan pumpkin and apple. Of all the dishes, the pecan pie is the only reason I would go back.  My daughter says that my steak came out better than Bouchon and I thought that is really sad... if my steak can turn out better...
2	Not sure what happened here but I've expected better. It was an okay dinner but not at the caliber that I expected it - esp. not for the price of the meal and the name of the restaurant. We were here for NYE dinner so maybe the head chefs were all out celebrating already. Both of our pork chops and rib eye entrees failed to impress. The starter appetizers of beet salad and lobster soup were underwhelming as well.All I remember was that only Bouchon bakery's bread was the same consistency in terms of goodness.
5	What a memorable meal. Elegant Pinot Noir & Vouvray to start with. Silky foie gras  with blackberry preserves...Salmon Rilette, melts in your mouth. A beautiful, fresh salad, plump scallops. Every bite was fabulous. A classy atmosphere, although I wouldn't say it was a romantic atmosphere- a bit loud. I highly recommend this establishment.
4	After a couple of nights of stuffing ourselves with four course dinners, my husband and I were delighted to go to Bouchon and just have a salad and steak frites.  Perfectly cooked and delightful in every way.  I have eaten at all three Bouchons now, plus the French Laundry and Ad Hoc, so I guess that makes me something of a Thomas Keller groupie.  I've never had anything less than a great meal at his restaurants.
4	I was not feeling good after a night on the town.  My insides were rearranging themselves and I took a shit in their bathroom that made me weep for my soul.  I had a 4.5 hour drive back to LA to look forward to and I was just not feeling the classy, upscale vibe of this place.  But my girlfriend was.  The things we do for the people we love.Thank fucking God I sacked up and had brunch here first.  I swear that it saved my life.  It was reasonably priced and the food was outrageous.  They serve complimentary baguettes and butter/jam.  Seemed like every tiny loaf came fresh out of the kitchen with a mother's love baked right into its crust.  I got the breakfast americain, which is exactly what it sounds like - a man's fuckin breakfast.  Eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, and a pecan roll.  Fries on the side.  My girlfriend got the pan-roasted trout which was light and fresh. Everything was decadent without being too rude to my wallet.  One of my pet peeves is how slowly it takes some places to refill your coffee, especially when you're battling a hangover that is trying to force you to come to terms with your alcoholism.  These motherfuckers were right on the money.  Refills so fast, I barely had time to think "Hey, coffee would be nice," before they were at my elbow, helping me pump caffeine into my system for the ride home.  Excellent service.
2	i came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. There was an extremely long wait since we showed up at around 11. By the time we were seated, it was already a bit after 12. All i can say is .. this place is hella PRICEY! I ordered the waffles and it was $12. It was overcooked, and extremely sweet. My sister and our other friend were also very unsatisfied with the Corn Beef and Omelet they ordered.We shoulda just woken up a little earlier to eat steak and egg for $6.99 and wash it down with some Fat Tuesday. I know.. so classy.
3	This is the second time I've been, the first for brunch with the family and recently for an early Valentine's dinner.  Had reservations for Feb 13 on a Monday at 8:30. Was running late and bumped it to 9pm. Bad mistake. Got there at 8:45 and sat at the bar for 45 minutes before being sat of our 9pm. Forgot Magic (the garment convention and not the "poof it's a bunny" magic) was in town.Started with the Seafood platter at the bar.  The oysters were great, the rest was good too (I mean, how can you ruin steamed seafood?).I ordered the leg of lamb over beans and the gf ordered the Eye of the Rib since they did not offer filet mignon and the only other steak option was a pan fried steak.The bread was PHENOMENAL! Of course, it's Bouchon!The lamb was a little bland and the best part of the dish was actually the beans (and I hate beans usually).The steak, ordered medium rare, had to be returned as it was cooked through. Not a good sign at a "nicer" restaurant, so we ordered it rare. A steakhouse should really know how to cook their steak.Long story short: it was just alright.  And for the price tag, I was expecting more than alright.  As I remembered the brunch, it was only alright also. So in the end, Bouchon gets a 3 star, alright rating.
4	Good French fries, nice wine list which is remarkably reasonable.  Very limited menu in the afternoon, you eat at the bar.  Nice feel to this place.  Thomas Keller was actually here in the courtyard when I visited today.  This place is classy escape from the tackiness of Vegas.
4	I loved Bouchon. I went here for dinner with three of my "girls" (in gay language that means: your best gay male friends) for our "girls' weekend." This was, along with Sage at Aria, the most satisfying meal I had in Vegas. The service was great though not quite impeccable. There were a couple minor things here and there... refilling of water could've been better and maybe more check-ins here and there. If I were a teacher, I'd give the service 95 out of 100%. The ambiance felt intimate despite the restaurant being large and having high ceilings. The dim lighting, bistro-like interior, and dark wood panels helped offset the intimidating size.I ordered a delicious pan-seared white fish (If i can remember, it was halibut...) with capers. My friend ordered the scallops in a lovely cream sauce. (I vaguely recollect this since it's been a month or so.) The rustic bread they give was delicious and was a nice accompaniment to our dishes later on. Now, the only reason why I give this place 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because my friend *likely* got food poisoning from here. We were examining his day thinking about what he ate/drank that day and the day before and nothing was questionable except perhaps the scallops. So while we cannot determine if it was from here, from our conclusions, it probably was from a bad scallop or one that was underprepared. At the time, however (to be fair to the restaurant and the entree itself!), it was delicious according to my friend! Being obnoxiously excited it was our girls' weekend, the hostess was also nice enough to take our picture on the way out. All in all, a great experience sans the possible food poisoning. I'd love to come back again... just not order the scallops!
4	Been on a French kick lately so dinner here was a no brainer.  Decor is awesome.  I like how it's tucked away upstairs from the rest of the resort.  You definitely don't feel like you're in Vegas anymore.  Bouchon could be located somewhere in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.  For us, having foie gras at a French restaurant is an absolute must.  The Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard was something we had never eaten before.  Very interesting!  Served up in a glass jar and lined with the fat of it on top and spread on Bouchon's tremendous bread was awesome.  The consistency of the foie gras was more of a cheese spread and a bit more dense than usual.  Having it prepared this way really brought out some "wow" flavors.  Am I way out of line for licking the jar after I'm done?Ordering pate for the other appetizer was just way overkill.  What the hell were we thinking?  We should've gotten the veal appetizer instead.  Too much bread, too many spreads, we couldn't finish.  So we got the pate boxed.  I can't remember the last time we got a take out bag before the entrees!  But they did throw in a fresh baguette in the bag!  YES!!I see-sawed over entree choices for quite a while.  I would've been fine with some kind of a trio entree sampler but I'm a long way from Applebee's.  My wife got the Steak Diane which they call the "eye of the ribeye" and I got the scallops.  The steak was better.  I should've gotten it too!  Nothing wrong with my entree but it wasn't anything amazing.  Another course...another take out bag!  They gave us a baguette for this bag too!  Too full for dessert. I just wish I could make one of these damn Sunday brunches one time.  Sigh.  One day!
5	My boyfriend has been going here with his family, so he took me here on a belated Valentine's Day dinner. It's pretty isolated from the craziness of the strip, which is great. Have to take the guest elevators and this fancy bridge to get to it. Right away, I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. With one section closer to the bar and more open seems like a good place for groups. We were seated in a more intimate part of the restaurant, which I liked alot. The music was really cool, and the ambiance was really classy and French, haha. Right away, we were hit with amazing service. Extremely helpful, gave great recommendations, and had great small talk to the waiter. He seemed really interested in getting to know the people he was serving. Wish we got his name, he was one of the best parts of our dinner!Got the Spoonful of Honey cocktail to start. Just like a honey lemon tea with a kick, so good. Got started on the bread and pistachios which were both warm and tasty. I ordered the leg of lamb with the medium rare recommendation from the waiter, and my boyfriend got the beef short rib special. BOTH WERE AMAZING. and Surprisingly, very filling. The appearance, and taste was on point. Definitely expect fine dining prices, but very decent ones. Also got a free dessert from the waiter! Seriously, we had some great chemistry with the waiter, and he served us so well. Got the brownies with the coffee ice cream. Typically the birthday dessert, really tasty. No wonder my boyfriend goes here alot. It's amazing!
5	Every time I visit Vegas, I try to eat here.  I have had dinner here twice and brunch once.  Each visit has been top notch; the food and service are spectacular.
5	I cannot wait to come back to this place. Such a positive experience.Note: book a reservation. They were packed (and we got there at 9:30pm). I was very grateful that we had. It was also my boyfriend's birthday, so I wanted to make sure that they had that on the books. When our server greeted us, she wished him a Happy Birthday. Awesome.The ambiance of this place is awesome. Very French, and glamorous. I had Champagne, and it was wonderful. Not too sweet, dry, delicious. My boyfriend had beer and he loved his too.We started off with the Oysters. OH MY GOD. They were so good....that we ordered another round! I've never had oysters like this before. I want to go back and just order oysters.Luckily for us, the main courses were just as wonderful. My boyfriend ordered the Steak Frites, and I ordered the Saffron Mussels and Frites. Our server let us know that we would be getting a lot of fries, so she substituted mushrooms for one of the fries. The steak was amazing, cooked perfectly. They were perfect and full of flavor. The mussels were just incredible. The saffron really came through, and they just tasted heavenly. And the frites were the best we'd ever had. For dessert, they brought out chocolate mousse cake with orange sauce and a pistacio brittle. It was delightful.Our server was wonderful and so kind. She did an awesome job.Next time we are in Vegas, we will be back!!!!
4	amazing dinner.  the foi gras was moist, but firm with great flavor.  The table bread was heaven.  Our table had the steak diane, amazing, the gnocchi, very tasty, trout, delicious, white sausage, perfect with the prunes.  the only drawback was the steak frites was a little dry.
5	One word...amazing!
5	After a snafu from the hosty about seating....and the make up by the server - "It's your night, sit wherever the hell you want!"  All I can say about Bouchon - WOW!The ambiance and the out of the way to get to the restaurant (even though it is in The Venetian) makes the atmosphere and the food that much more appetizing.  Definitely recommend getting a reservation as this place fills up quickly and people tend to stay.Food - after experiencing what we ate, I have to say that probabaly almost anything you order is going to peek your taste buds and leaving you wanting more - again, why people probably linger for the atmosphere, food and drink.    They give you pistachios and some of the best bread and butter spread I have ever experienced for fine dinning - all while being able to make a mess on your table. For an appetizer we had the pork cheek - succelent little bites of meat that complimented our drink selections.  The main course consisted of the scallops - simply amaxzing!  And the special of the day - pork loin over a bed of dirty rice.  Both dished were outstanding and were a testament to the chef's knowledge of food pairings.  We ordered a half carafe of wine on the someliers (sp?) recomendation (although it was the most expensive, it was the best choice for the meals ordered and the wine likings of each person).We knew this was going to be an expensive meal, but we couldn't leave without having a dessert to walk off afterwards - our server keyed us into what he called "little pillows" of chocolate ding-dongs or ho-ho's of goodness with coffee ice cream - holy ****.  Enough said.In my opinion - if you want a great dining experience with great service and an uncomplicated/complicated menu, this is the place for you.  Plus, after dinner, you get to experience that lavishness of the decor at the Venetian as you walk through the long isolated promenade hallway back out into the Vegas night!
4	Went here for breakfast during the week.  They had a great selection of entrees.  Ordered beignets and a croissant.  Both were amazing start to the breakfast.  I had the omelette special and my wife had another breakfast special.  The potato sticks on my wife's dish were really good.
5	Soooooooooo good! It's quite possible that the steak sous-vide here tops the steaks found at both Peter Luger in NYC and Mastro's in LA. Great cocktails and wine list. Very fresh seafood as well.
4	Good service and excellent food. I really enjoyed the roasted beets with truffle and the Bib salad with tarragon.
4	Bouchon never disappoints when you want to indulge yourself with a delicious meal. Located in the Venetian, it's a little tricky to get to since it isn't located in the Canal Shops. Just ask someone working there and they will be able to direct you.During our most recent visit, we had reservations at 9pm but wasn't seated until 9:45. Because of the wait, the hostess invited our party of 10 to the bar and gave us complimentary drinks until our table was ready.I've tried a few things from their dinner menu and their foie gras, side of brussels sprouts & steak frites are the most memorable in my mind. It's hard to remember anything from a Vegas trip. If you're looking for a great dining experience, attentive service (with great recommendations) and a dim/romantic ambiance, do check out Bouchon. I would love to come back for their famous brunch one day.
4	Came here for brunch with my girlfriends (we're all in our early 30's). We had reservations and were seated promptly.Their coffee is good. The pastries are delicious (you can get the same pastries at their stand in the Venetian). I loved the strawberry croissant. I had the Bouchon French toast -it was good but I was not overly impressed. The Oeuf & Boudin Blanc was pretty tasty though.Next time, I'll have to try the Chicken and Waffles.
3	Very good restaurant and waitstaff. The food and total experience I would give a 3 1/2 if I could. The best thing we had was the caviar which well is not much in cooking , but in the serving of all the condiments.  I do most of my ratings heavily on the cooking, and frankly i have had better. Writing this review a few days later I cannot seem to remember  what i had? (confirms which is not very memorable) I do remember the lamb being dry and sat on a plate of beans... un colorful and as it may be traditional? (unsure) seemed very dull to look at.  I remember! I had the scallops and the bone marrow.... marrow  was very good. Extremely indulgent but good! I must say the crostini they had with the marrow and the caviar was excellent!  The scallops were nicely prepared and as I was eating them I felt I have made scallops like this.  Maybe a different type of cream sauce, but really if I can do anything like this then.... well its gonna receive a 3 star. I feel if you're going to pay this amount $300.00 + the meal should be of a caliber that reminds you of eating in the south of France. Hmm.... well at least it should be amazing enough to make  you wonder  how they made it!
4	Went here again this past weekend just wanted to toss in some new pro's and con's.We had a party of 6 around 11am or so for brunch on saturday.  They told us the wait was around 40 minutes but it turned out to be only 10 min or so!  Great right?But the service was incredibly slow that it pretty much negated the fast seating.  Our food took a long time to come out, getting the check, processing our check it took way longer than it should have.Thank goodness the food is very delicious, so I'll keep coming and hope the service is better next time.
4	Since Bouchon is located with in the Venetian was a convenient place to each Breakfast while staying at the Palazzo. Having been there before I knew that the food would be good, so we decided to eat there again.When we arrived out party was told they wait would be 40 minutes, however we were seated in less than 15 minutes. Awesome!The food was delicious! I ordered the Salmon Tartare and the Corned Beef Hash. They were both delicious. I like how the Corned Beef Hash is essentially chopped up  Corned Beed Brisket - Meaty, High Quality Goodness!The only bad thing about our experience was that the service was super slow, especially when we were trying to pay our bill. I suspect it had something to do with the fact that we were one of the last parties for their breakfast/brunch hours. It's no excuse though. Hopefully things are different on future visits!
5	I loved everything about this restaurant! Had an 8:30 reservation on a Friday night and had to wait about 15 minutes or so which gave us a chance to have a glass of champagne at the bar and peruse the menu and the crowd. Our waiter, Michael P., was amazing. He was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu, beer and wine pairings, and even the other places we had planned to eat on our trip. He took great care of us and we enjoyed getting to know him a little during dinner.The food was all excellent. I had the mussels from the seafood bar and my husband had the French onion soup and a mixed green salad with goat cheese. The mussels were simple and delicious. The French onion soup was the best I have ever had with so much deep onion flavor. I'm usually not a huge goat cheese fan but the salad was perfectly balanced and I really enjoyed it. For dinner my husband had the steak frites, which included the most perfect French fries. Thin, crispy and just perfect salty potatoey goodness. I had the lamb which was delicious as well. It was perfectly cooked as were the beans it was served on. They still had a little bit of a bite to them which I like. It was a fun dish to eat as the lamb, beans and sauce were all good by themselves but became special when eaten together. We also ordered a side of Brussels sprouts because the gentlemen at the table next to us did and they smelled so good I had to have some too. It's strange to say but I have been craving those Brussels sprouts ever since. Yum. I also liked that Michael suggested the cab franc with my lamb as opposed to the more traditional syrah.For dessert we had the apple tarte tartin with creme fraiche ice cream. Sweet apples, kind of a sour cream ice cream...a nice change from the traditional apple pie. Overall an excellent meal and really quite reasonable in price which was a very pleasant surprise. I have paid much more for meals that were not this good. We will be back for sure.
5	This place was great. The atmosphere is wide open yet cozy, the service solid, and the food absolutely amazing (most importantly). We got the bone marrow to start, and while that was great, the best part was the bread. Simple, grilled, oiled, it was perfect. It matched the fatty goodness of the marrow perfectly and was a tremendous start to the meal.For the main course we had pork cheek with barley and yams that was heavenly and lamb with white beans. Both of these dishes were delectable and enjoyable; something mixed together perfectly within the pork cheek, barley, and yams combination that made me wish it'd never end.For dessert we had ile flottante with almonds and caramel. I'd never had ile flottante before, and I was pretty much done food-wise, but it was like eating sweet air. The almonds were slightly crunchy and a perfect compliment.All in all a great meal.
4	not gonna lie...this place was extremely difficult to find. then again..I have a horrible sense of direction. please read the other reviews for location tips cuz i seriously just wandered around for so long i don't even know how i got there. Anyhow, I was that much hungrier once I found it. The pulled pork appetizer was much too salty. but i don't see it on the menu anymorethe salmon with leeks was succulent and flavorful. exactly how I like my salmon :) service was great, as expected. next on the list; French Laundry!
4	This is a belated dinner review from September 2010.We started off with some bread, goat cheese, nuts, a bowl of squash soup, and a couple of salads (see my pictures).  The goat cheese was great but everything else wasn't too memorable.I was scared the rest of the meal would head in the direction of the salads, but luckily that was not the case.  For entrees, we had the croque madam, the pork belly (a seasonal special), and the trout.  The croque madam was so delicious, but then again, how could one ever go wrong with a grilled sandwich with a fried egg on top?  The trout was superb--light, flaky and tender, pairing well with the sauces veggies and almonds (yes, almonds).  It was also humongous!  We barely finished it!  The pork belly, unfortunately, was probably the biggest disappointment (mostly because the waiter kept raving about how good it was).  The cooking traditions of Taiwan and Japan must have spoiled me, because I am used to expecting the satiny sensation of pork fat melting in my mouth, but the braised pork I had that night was on the dry side.  The potatoes and vegetables were still good, though.For dessert, we ordered the eponymous bouchons, which came with three different ice creams/sorbets (see my pictures).  Not something I would come just to this restaurant to order, but it was still yummy (for dessert, I personally think you are better off finding the Bouchon bakery stand next to the Phantom of the Opera theatre in the Venetian proper and buy anything that's there and enjoy it in the comfort of your hotel room).Now, this restaurant isn't cheap...but I think if you want to splurge and experience fine dining, then this is the place to do it.  Huge portions, high quality food, the Thomas Keller brand name, and a pleasant atmosphere totally make the extra $$$ worth it!
5	Hey LV yelpers!I love Bouchon!I had dinner here while visiting Vegas in 2010 and came back recently now that I live in Vegas and dinner was excellent both visits.Bouchon is my favorite french fine dining on the strip so far.Can't wait to go back.I'm a fan of their salmon spread (not sure on the name, I ask just for it) and their lamb :) save room for dessert! I love their chocolate filled mini donuts.Make reservations! If you're not drinking alcohol dinner for 2 should be around $125-Miss Yelp 2012
4	Oh Bouchon, I've heard so many great things about you and you certainly didn't disappoint. While I didn't think the service was particularly stellar (or bad) the food was certainly top notch.We started off with a {CHEESE PLATE} all of these cheeses were delicious and included some fresh honey, that was really delightful. We ordered  {SALADE DE POMMES POCHEES} to share, which was pretty sweet, and more dessert like but we all still really enjoyed it but probably could be saved for a dessert course instead of a salad plate. For dinner I ordered the {STEAK DIANE} which was absolutely mouthwatering good, cooked to perfection is some "diane" sauce, I really want some more just thinking about it.To round off dinner we ended with a {CREME BRUELE} and the {MAISON AU CHOCOLATE} with the perfect sweetness to end off the night.
2	I recently went for brunch due to hype from one of my co-workers.  I did not like much about my experience.  It started with what I think is an obscure way to get to the restaurant, to the wait, to so so food.  I am certain the Illy coffee downstairs is much better than what I had upstairs.  The breakfast was basic fare and included what I considered a overbaked chocolate almond croissant.  My girlfriend did like her waffle.  Ultimately, I left undazzled by ambiance, food and service.  I went back downstairs thinking maybe I should have just tried a chocolate croissant from the bakery.
5	Wow. Super delicious.You will need to make reservations! Also, looking at the menu beforehand can save you some time in the restaurant because it takes them a while to cook your order.We ordered:Foie Gras: 2.5oz is enough for 4 people to share, 5oz is good for 6-8. This was really interesting to try on bread with the sea salt they gave us. :)Bone Marrow: A must have! Delicious with bread, we dipped our bread in the fatty sauce at the bottom of the plate too! Reminded me of Animal Style sauce from In-N-Out, but more like Animal Style sauce 2.0. (no thousand island though..the bone marrow fat was the base)Pork Cheeks: Very small portion here. $17 won't get you much grub.Mussels: Heard this was delicious. He finished it in like 5 minutes.Lamb: I didn't get to try this, but she said it was good!Steak Diane: This was quite a large steak and it took a while for him to eat it. I had a bite and it was yummy.Salmon: This was cooked perfectly. 90% on one side, and 10% on the other to leave the top crispy and the other side soft and melt-in-your-mouthy.Blanquette: Braised Veal with veggies. This was pretty good. The veal was really soft and the vegetables complemented it nicely.Pomme Frites: Or french fries. One thing of french fries is enough for a bunch of people to share. It was a bit too salty for my liking, but I liked the crispiness if that's a word.
5	A delightful evening, great staff, wonderful food.  The waiter was exceptional, gave close attention to our needs and kept us very happy throughout the service.  The food was truly exceptional.  Starters, soup, main course, and desert for two will be remembered as one of the greatest evenings out we've enjoyed.
4	Came here for brunch awhile back ... brunch was ok .. nothing that blew my mind away but i did LOVE the epi bread .. That was perhaps the best thing from this place... dont get me wrong, the food was good but it wasnt great ... i LOVE the bakery tho .. =)
4	My boyfriend always like to try these fancy dining places with famous chefs so we decided to try Bouchon for brunch. Seating took about 10-15 minutes which wasn't too bad for a Sunday. As soon as we sat down we ordered our drinks (bloody Mary and bellini) and those were pretty quick. The drinks were okay, nothing special. Small and way overpriced (12.50) for the amount you get. We were given some bread and butter with jam. After looking over the menu and trying to pick between the salmon baguette or quiche I settled for the baguette. It is a build your own sandwich kind of dish. When it came out I was happy. There were capers and chives&cream cheese in their own small dish. Then I had lettuce, onions and tomatoes. The smoked salmon itself was slightly oily but sooo good. Instead of making one sandwich I made two open top sandwiches. Very refreshing and light. My boyfriend ordered the omelette Du jour which is the omelette of the day. It was prime rib with mushrooms and cheese. It came with a lot of bacon on the side (you can also choose sausage or ham) and this really distinct toast. The edges were flaky and crispy burnt. I usually don't eat the crust on bread but this one was addicting. The bill came out to about 63 so it's quite a pricey brunch but it's nice to try it once for an experience. They also had oysters and seafood on the menu but they were pricey. I would like to try their dinner eventually. The scenery is nice because it overlooks the Venetian garden that is on the 10th floor (the restaurant is on the 10th floor itself). Now I want some more smoked salmon.
5	Had a lovely lunch here!The restaurant is beautiful and relaxing, not stuffy at all.  The food is simply excellent.  Make reservations well in advanced if you are going to be in the area.  This place is a must.
5	The reviews hating on the cost of bread are out of control.  Did you go to Bouchon for a good deal?  I hope not.  It's expensive.  We spent $100 on brunch and honestly thought we got out of there for a steal.The food is amazing, but the drinks are even better - French 75 and bellini....wow.  They do amazing things with breakfast: who would have thought short ribs work in an omelet?  Thomas Keller.  Great call.
5	I was in LV for business, as and was lucky enough to join my colleagues at Bouchon for out final dinner.The service is exquisite. The servers really know their stuff and are very pleased to make your every wish come true. The food is amazing, from the foi gras, the seafood towers, to the dessert. It was all amazing, and ridiculously filling, but SO SO GOOD! I cannot tell you how delicious the Steak Bouchon is. But let me tell you this, if I could eat steak every day, I would want mine from Bouchon. Juicy, tender, and flavorful. Well worth they $45 price.If you are in Vegas, and you want to do Vegas up the right way, go to Bouchon!
4	4.5 stars......it really only misses for me on style and aesthetic.  I prefer something different in Vegas before a night out.  But I admit that is completely a stylistic choice. Although expensive, the meal was pretty impeccable.  I can only say that the onion soup was delicious and not too salty.   And if there is ever a place to order chicken, this it.  It was the most perfectly cooked bird I have ever had....with beans, onions, and a really nice jus to keep everything moist.
5	The food is very good we ate at a bar table and still had great service.  It's very difficult to find I would just ask someone in the hotel.
5	Bouchon was the absolute perfect place for a classy Saturday brunch before getting down and dirty at the Lavo day club later on in the day.They do not take ressies for brunch, but was told that if you arrive pre 11am, or post 1pm, you should not have an issue getting a table; just be seated before kitchen closes at 2pm and you are golden. Given my love for brunches waaaaay late in the day, obvi my group of 7 and I arrived a little after 1pm and only waited 5 mins for our table to be ready. The atmosphere is light and airy - reminding me a bit of Balthazaar in the city. The menu was extensive & everything sounded amazing, but I knew I HAD to get the chicken & waffles [$25] as well as the croque madame [$19]. A few of us started with some coffee which was rich and aromatic. They began by placing 2 "branches" of olive bread on our table. They legit looked like branches! Super cute - we all just grabbed a "leaf" and pulled. It was like having a wishbone moment at Thanksgiving, except we were all winners! ;)The plates arrived soon after, and the portions were very very very generous. My friend and I split the C&W and CM and could not finish our meal at all. The CM comes with like 5lbs of french fries! I was pleased to read that the C&W was not fried but roasted, as I had given up fried food for Lent. The chicken on that dish was SOOO succulent, moist, and tasty. It came with gravy, but was juicy enough to eat on its' own. Each dish comes with a dark meat and a white meat piece - both of which were amazeballs. The waffles are infused with BACON(!!) and chives, and had the right amount of crisp in them. The CM was good, but nothing amazing. I did enjoy the slippery egg on top and the perfectly runny yolk.The other girls ordered the Salmon Baguette [$16] (which you have to assemble yourself - cute, but I like my food done for me, thx), pot of mussels [$25.50] (lots and lots of lots and mussels!), and the sourdough waffles [$12] (the girl who ordered this is a waffles fiend, so she def liked it =D)Such a great meal w/ my best girlfriends. Would definitely return if I'm ever back in Vegas (psh, if? More like when...)
3	Here's the deal. The BF loved this place and his breakfast here was the best for him of the trip. I, however, was disappointed. So I am compromising and giving it 3 stars, when my food was probably 2 stars and his was 5. I was really looking forward to having breakfast here, but their website only has their brunch menu online, so I did not see the breakfast menu in advanced. I REALLY wanted chicken and waffles. Well, too bad for me, they don't have it at breakfast. They did, however, have a special that sounded delicious, a short rib hash with 2 eggs on top with toast. After hearing short rib, I was in. When I think of short rib, I think of braised short rib...long pieces of falling apart deliciousness in a rich sauce. Not the case. This was chopped into small cubes short rib (and too much of it), with a tiny amount of potato and onion in it. The meat was lacking flavor and was a bit chewy. I did not like it, sorry Bouchon! I was really really regretting not just getting the eggs and toast breakfast. The good part, however, was they did have toast with home made jam that was good and the BF loved his food. He got the waffle (he ate waffles every day this trip) with bananas and nuts and tahitian vanilla butter. It was soooo good. Sickeningly good. I would think about coming back here, but for the price (40$ breakfast) and the food quality I was really disappointed....
5	We were staying at the Palazzo and saw ads all over the place for Bouchon so we decided what the hey, we'll try it out for breakfast. In a word, delicious. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, our server was great, and the food was plentiful. For $22 I received coffee, pastry (chocolate croissant, yum), fruit cup, and a plate of eggs, potatoes, toast, and spinach. Well worth the price. My wife got fancy banana waffles with a side of bacon and she enjoyed it as well.We'll be back on our next trip, but maybe we'll head over there for lunch or dinner to see what else they have to offer.
3	We were really excited to eat at Bouchon, never having eaten at a Thomas Keller restaurant before. The decor is very French Bistro, down to the plants and brass railings. We ordered the appetizer, which was braised pork cheeks with a pearl barley risotto kind of thing. The cheeks were luke warm and the barley had a little too much acidity. When we commented to the server the the cheeks were just luke warm, he commented that "we don't really serve anything hot here."  HUH? Does Thomas Keller know that? The bread was good, I ordered roast chicken because Keller said that was the reason he opened the first Bouchon in the first place. To find a good roast chicken after work. The skin was crispy and it was cooked well, but it was a little bland. Truthfully, Costco's roast chicken has better flavor and is a sixth the price. The server seemed kind of distracted and a little out of sorts. The highlight of the whole meal was watching how good our server assistant was. He was everywhere at once and did a great job. I actually went and tipped him seperately because of his obvious work ethic. Wish he would have been our server.
5	Bouchon is top of our list on every Las Vegas trip. This past weekend was an interesting experience that started out bad and ended up amazing. In town for a business/pleasure trip and decided to take the fiance and her dad here for dinner as first timers. Was expecting the same five star food and service that I have always experienced at Bouchon BUT that did not happen. Unfortunately our server was not the greatest. He made some rude and derogatory statements to both my fiance and her father. I was shocked and thought he was joking...but he wasn't. Tried to order the steak between medium-rare to medium and it came out well done.I had the croque madame, they had steak frites. Aside from the well done steak (likely the waiters fault) food was spot on. We sat outside, which was a first for me, and the weather and atmosphere were perfect. After paying the bill and on our way out the hostess asked if everything was great. I was reluctant but ended up mentioning how rude our server was and that I thought it needed to be addressed. She took down my information for the manager and he called me the next day to apologize. He invited us back for a complementary brunch.Oh wow... let me tell you they treated us like royalty. Comped the brunch completely. We had mimosas, pastries, yogurt with granola, beignets, chicken and waffles - couldn't do the dessert -- so full. This place is a real class act. They actually care about their patrons and will go out of their way to make things right.
4	What kind of rotten, no good chef serves roasted chicken with chicken and waffles? Everyone knows the chicken is supposed to be fried, not roasted when served with waffles! Oh, Thomas Keller serves his chicken roasted with his chicken and waffles.....I take that back. It was delicious. That mans a genius. Located on the tenth floor of the stunning Venetian hotel, Bouchon is one of Thomas Keller's fantastic creations. The inside of Bouchon is elegantly decorated. It actually looks like an old French bistro you may find in France. Bouchon is open for breakfast, weekend brunch and dinner and is usually pretty busy, especially for brunch. And speaking of brunch, that's the meal my wife and I had at Bouchon. Since they don't take reservations for their weekend brunch we had to wait about fifteen minutes for a table. Once seated, we were given complimentary bread, butter and housemade jam. The bread was fantastic, as was the butter and jam. After the bread we ordered a side of pommes frites. These fries tasted so similar to fresh made McDonald's fries, which I mean as a compliment because I love fresh McDonald's fries.  For our main entrees this is what we ordered;Me- Chicken & Waffles- Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffles, Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce chasseur & maple syrup http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Jax-5woyQAIcJpNaHQkPHQWife- Oeuf & Boudin Blanc- White sausage w/ scrambled eggs, croissant & beurre noisette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=d2RZL9kZy3CphKljpgUWWA My chicken and waffles were great. The roasted chicken was so tender and juicy. The waffles were light and fluffy but the star of this dish was Tahitian vanilla bean butter. I have never ever tried a better tasting butter. I could have eaten it with a spoon. Actually, I did. Although it looked plain, my wife's dish was delicious. The white sausage was amazingly juicy and the beurre noisette sauce was excellent. The buttered croissant that came with her dish was also great. Probably the best buttered croissant I've ever had.  The service here is wonderful. Every employee we encountered was very warm and friendly. The prices for brunch are slightly high but since they use the best ingredients and since everything tastes so great I had no problem with the prices. If you're tired of the nasty foods at the breakfast buffets and feel something a bit fancier and tastier, head on down to Bouchon.
4	Yummm! Finally went to grab a bite for breakie at Bouchon. I was completely satisfied. Great restaurant tucked away in the Ventia Tower. I had the beignets which were a little different than New Orleans beignets (these were more like cinnamon warm donuts) - they were quite delish though! I also had my usual non fat latte and the hash and egg whites. My friend ordered the bread pudding french toast, it was SUPER decadent in a bread pudding french toast kind of way. OMG! I was so full, I only had one bite but if you are looking for sweet, that's the way to go. Service was good. This is a great stop in the morning before you start your day. I can't wait to return. If you aren't looking for a sit down place or in a hurry catch Bouchon Bakery (my fav!) on the other side of the hotel, near the other towers elevator bank.
5	Originally I come from around the Napa area and there's one name that rings loud when it comes to fine dining. That name is Thomas Keller. One of the things that always seems to shine through about his restaurant is the simple fact that he cares. He cares about the food and he cares about his employees. That fact is reflected in every one of his restaurants.What can I say about the food that the previous thousand reviewers have not. The food is spectacular. I've dined here on a number of occasions and have yet to be the slightest bit disappointed in what I have order. The most recent time I dined here I had the Roulette aux Deux Saumon to start, followed by the Moulles aux Saffron. Let me tell you, the roulette is one of the most spectacular things I have ever eaten. Something so simple has no business being as good as it is. The mussels were nothing to scoff at either. Very delicate, yet flavorful, which was exactly what I was going for after many nights of heavy drinking. The service when I came here was phenomenal. So here is my sad little story. I came to dine here by myself as I had an entire day to kill in Vegas before my flight. Often times I feel uncomfortable being a mid-twenties guy eating by myself. I feel that people look at me funny, but not here. The wait staff did an excellent job of engaging with me on a personal as well as professional level. The service was extremely attentive, but not overbearing. They really know how to balance it here. Their intuitiveness is something that I have rarely seen at many restaurants. They seemed to know exactly what I was going to ask for next and already had it prepared. Two drinks, an appetizer, and main course ran me about $110 after tax and tip. I feel that price was justified considering what I got out of it. What people often forget about dining is that the price is not just about the food, its about the experience. The experience I had here has only served to solidify that Thomas Keller is my favorite restaurateur. Thank you Bouchon.  PS: The baked goods are delicious.
4	Came here for dinner during my last Vegas trip. I ordered some sort of strip steak dish with au gratin potatoes and my friend got the pork shoulder special. Both entrees came out fantastic - cooked perfectly as requested and crusted well without being burned. My steak in particular was very juicy and tender.The other items we got were pretty good as well - we tried foie gras for the first time, and I think I am now addicted. It came out in a little jar and when eaten with toasted bread, it was delicious. A super rich, buttery flavor that was not overwhelming. I'm curious to see if its this good when I go to France later. We also ordered the beef cube appetizer which was tasty, but not memorable or worth it.We got a beer each as well.... I think they were $9 a glass. After doing the math, I ended up spending about $100, which is pretty pricey. But I left feeling satisfied with my meal.On another note, the ambience was very nice for a date - a little bit loud for my liking though.
5	I saw a spot on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations" about this place and mentally filed it away for my trip to Vegas. We were traveling with a group of friends who definitely weren't foodies so after we split for the evening I took my sister aside and dragged her over to the Venetian. We had to ask where it was inside the hotel because it's really tucked away. This restaurant was opened by Thomas Keller, who founded the French Laundry in California's  Napa  Valley. He didn't go to school but bounced around from place to place, picking up knowledge as he went. By the time he got to Napa, he had a strong idea how he wanted the restaurant to be. The ambiance is warm and understated, the service is attentive without being intrusive, the food is beautifully prepared and not fou-fou. My sister remembers the bread, fresh butter, and the coffee. She also had an excellent trout and a creme brulee. I was too cautious in my choice of dinner, by getting the chicken, it was good, but not remarkable. What was was the feeling of well-being and contentment that we felt as we lingered over dessert and after dinner drinks!
4	Bouchon again! After checking into the room, we decided our first food destination should be Bouchon. We had such a great experience in Bouchon at Napa Valley that we wanted Bouchon again. It's great how we only need to walk a little to get there (we were staying at The Palazzo). My recommendations:- duck salad (very small portion): I don't think they have this everyday but if they do have it, order it!- coq au vin: this one's a classic - it's a little on the saltier side though- steak frites: another classic - steak was nicely cooked and they give you loads of french fries (make sure you pack the left over fries to go because it'll be good drunk-food)- truite amandine - superbe!!! This one is a must try! Fish was very buttery, topped with fresh haricots verts! I paired my steak frites with a glass of champagne - perfection.How can I forget dessert!- Bouchon brownies (can't remember the exact name): this is not on their usual menu: it's warm brownies with melted chocolate inside topped with peanut butter ice cream and garnished with candied nuts - another must have!- ile flottante: this one's okay. I personally don't quite like meringue unless they have the texture of PavlovaBouchon has never disappointed me. Our server was great - explained everything in detail and that was a perfect opening dinner to our Vegas trip, even though my wallet has already started to cry (our total came to around $350 for a party of 5). sigh. It is Vegas afterall.
2	I hate to give this place two stars.  It's Thomas Keller and I thought I would be blown away.  I have the Thomas Keller French Laundry cookbook and have been dying to try his food.  I do understand that he's not actually back there working the kitchen, but with his name attached to it I am going to have high expectations.  Unfortunately our tab was extremely high, our service sucked, and not all of the food was on point.  For the price paid, the food should be mind blowing exceptional, and it just was not.  Had the service and food been impeccable, the price would not b an issue.First off, we waited forever to be seated.  I mean like 45 minutes when they told us it would be a half an hour.  We were starving.  When I went to the hostess table to ask about the wait, I was ignored by multiple people working the hostess station. Our waitress was super passive aggressive.  She ignored me when I tried to flag her down after we had made our initial order, because we decided to add an order of escargot as an appetizer.  I had to ask a busing staff to add it to the order because even though she saw me motion to her, she ignored me and never came back, until much later to say she added it to our order.  I also asked for raw sugar and she forgot and I had to ask her again after waiting a good while.  There were definitely some high points though, such as the complimentary bread with butter and apricot jam-amazing.  The escargot was delicious, but I've never had bad escargot, or escargot that tasted incredibly different from any place I've ordered it.  This escargot was prepared in a very classic manner with lots of garlic and butter, and topped with puff pastry.  It was excellent and we were happy to sop up the leftover garlic and butter with the bread on the table.One thing that I was annoyed with was the water situation.  I think it's absolutely insane to charge $7 for water from a spigot in the back that's put into a bottle and refrigerated before serving.  It was not a sealed bottle of water, which I could understand if the price was higher, or had it been sparkling water.  The other thing is she continued to bring our table more water, without asking, and of course we got charged for all three bottles of water brought to the table.  I just find it insane that the water cost more than my coffee, and let me tell you, it tasted just like the nasty water from our hotel room, only chilled.  Do not order the "flat" water, it is not worth the insane price tag.We went during "brunch" time, so I wanted to try the "french toast."  It's an apple french toast that is more like a french toast-bread pudding hybrid.  It was gorgeous, and the thinly, and perfectly sliced apples on top were tart, sweet and delicious.  The french toast itself was under-seasoned and bland.  I had to actually add salt to it, which I know sounds crazy, but it needed it.My one friend ordered a mushroom omelet, which was very small and also under-seasoned.  I also thought it would be a french style omelet, but it wasn't.  It came out as a thick, but small, folded in half, American style omelet.   It also came with a huge mound of perfectly crispy bacon that had to have been deep fried, but tasted heavenly.  Next friend had the special of the day, a "BLT" Benedict.  The Benedict consisted of a house-made split English muffin.  It was tiny.  The hollandaise on top was very thin and lacked a full flavor hollandaise should have.  The Bacon was fine, but the lettuce was iceberg.  I was underwhelmed by the pale white iceberg and thought something like butter lettuce would have elevated this dish much more.  The tomato was halved cherry tomatoes.  I think a nice slice of an heirloom tomato would also have been a better choice.  This dish also came with a small side of home fries that were perfect and delicious.  Even with the house-made muffin, I do not feel this dish warranted the $26 price tag.Last friend ordered the Banana Waffles.  t comes with nuts, but she asked for no nuts.  The waitress asked if she was allergic.  She said no, but I do not like them.  Of course the food was dropped off quickly by someone other than our waitress, and by the time we realized the the waffles were covered in nuts, there was no one to flag down.  We finally asked for the waffles to be switched out, but by the time waffles without nuts were brought out, we were all done with our food.  To make things worse, the waffles were cold.  Out of all the dishes to make on the fly due to a mistake on the kitchen's part, the waffle shouldn't be something that takes the same time for the rest of us to finish our food, to finish.Our waitress comped the cold waffles, but our bill was still crazy high for our mediocre experience.  She was also highly annoyed and kept rolling her eyes when it came time to split the bill up at the end.  I don't know if I would return here, perhaps if someone else was footing the bill.
4	Delicious!!!Came here for brunch on a weekday.  They don't take reservations for brunch so it's first come first serve.Service is EXCELLENT.  I felt like I was cared for while not being bothered.  I didn't have to ask for anything!  My water was refilled, my coffee was refilled, I was asked how I was doing at appropriate intervals...  A great sign at a great restaurant.The atmosphere was fancy French bistro... slightly rustic, clean, orderly, and spaced well.The food was SO TASTY.  I treated myself to a mimosa and coffee to start and ordered the Breakfast Americaine.  2 eggs, a pile of crispy crispy bacon, 2 sausages, and 2 brioche toast slices.  Comes with your choice of pastry... which I opted for the pain au chocolat which was the flakiest most delicious I've ever had and juice.  OJ tasted fresh squeezed and the coffee was fresh.I'm only disappointed that my waitress didn't tell me about the special pastries of the day.  Apparently there was a strawberry croissant option which was supposed to be divine.  The table next to me was told this by their waiter and got the last one!  Damn.  I'm not disappointed with my choices, but I might have gone with that if I had known.I love the Venetian and I am definitely coming back here for brunch... gotta come in on a weekend for the chicken and waffles!Yes, it's pricey for brunch but this is Vegas!  $50 for a high end brunch is completely ok with me!
4	Chimay...on tap! Enough said, that's worth it alone! My wife and I had a fabulous time at Bouchon last week. Everything we tried met or exceeded our already high expectations of the restaurant. Drinks: 5 stars - As mentioned before, Chimay on tap! My wife had a Bouchon martini that was fantastic. Starters: Beignets and escargot. I'll give this 4 stars. The escargot was fabulous, but when you're having puff pastry with all that butter, how can it not? The beignets were excellent too, but not in a blow your socks off type of way. A very solid dish. Dinner: Croque madame and glazed pork shoulder. I'll give this 4.5 stars. I absolutely love croque madame's, and I've had a lot of them! Overall, I'd rank the dish up there with the better ones I have tried. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was certainly better than most. The glazed pork shoulder, however, was absolutely fantastic. Easily the best pork shoulder dish I've ever tried. Dessert:  Little brownies sprinkled with nuts and peanut butter ice cream. 3 stars. Just an okay dessert. This dish was the odd man out because there wasn't anything unique or special about it. Service: 5 stars. Very prompt, informative and friendly. Couldn't ask for better.
4	Recently I took a trip to Vegas for one of my close friends "Sweet 16" birthday party. I believe this is her 9th Sweet Sixteen, haha never gets old. We stayed at the Venezia Towers at The Venetian and Bouchon was convienently located at the entrance to our towers. I am orginally from LA and never had the Bouchon in Beverly Hills and have only seen it. The group decided to have Sunday Brunch at Bouchon and it was NOT a bad choice. I had the Madame Croquette (sorry if i mispelled) and a side order of the Brioche toast. I must say I am a fan of both. The rest of the party ordered their famous Chicken and Waffles, which I heard did not disappoint. Something about the gravy making the meal delicious. Also some of the party ordered the Daily Special which was the seafood hash. It looked really good as well, full of seafood. It was nice that Bouchon was accomodating without having made reservations ahead of time. They have a few private rooms avaliable and we were able to snag one for our party of 11. Oh last but not least, the PINEAPPLE (i thought it tasted like orange) jam was delicious and spread it on the Brioche toast....TODIEFOR!!
3	sorry.this is the third bouchon i've been to and i still don't get the hype. i keep thinking if i try a different one at a different location, that it would taste better. BUTmy french toast was so-so.i guess my coworker's quiche was good.the croque madame was really rich but kinda bland.and they don't do anything for birthdays. it's just a "happy birthday" and that's it.i do love their bouchons though.
4	SERVICE/AMBIANCE:-Love the inside of this restaurant. When you walk in you can see the long counters with people working behind it preparing some of the food items. Really high ceilings with long windows for a nice view of the courtyard outside. Service was top notch. I'm not really a fan of eating breakfast but this place was so good that we ended up eating here every morning on our Vegas trip. FOOD:-SMOKED SALMON - Served with red onions, capers and cream cheese w/ a french baguette. Perfection. -SOURDOUGH WAFFLES - SOO delicious! I highly suggest this item.-All of the breads are baked fresh and they are all so delicious.
3	There's something about brunch that I love, it's breakfast combined with lunch, okay and besides the fact that I get to sleep in and still be able to have breakfast items at a restaurant. Bouchon in Vegas is like staring at the statue of liberty at NYNY hotel. It's just not quite the same as the real thing. Not to sound disappointed here but the food we ordered was mediocre, I expected more.We ordered the croque madame and corn beef hash. The corn beef hash definitely stole the show. Croque Madame, a ham sandwich topped with a sunny side egg with a huge side of fries. Corn beef hash... well, is corn beef hash. It was chopped up potato and corn beef, great for sharing. Must try the fries, absolutely addicting, oh and the coffee. So my advice is to visit the Bouchon bakery at The Venetian instead. Grab a croissant, coffee and some macaroons.
1	Went to this restaurent with the family while we were in town to see Phantom of the Opera. The service was quite good. However, the dishes tasted nothing like French. I ordered the Chichen. My wife the lamb. My dish was way too salty. My wife complained that her lamb was very bland, over-cooked (she asked for medium rare), and tough. My kid's Croque Monsieur came with a huge pile of fries, which was also way over-salted. It seems the chef got his or her salt for free and would not hesitate to use it liberally. Overall, it was a big disappointment after reading the good reviews.
3	Bouchon offers fine bistro style fare in a gorgeous and classy setting. However, I've been looking forward to a Thomas Keller dining experience but just wasn't wowed. To be fair, the food was executed well and I wasn't disapointed by the quality.
4	Yes I'm a fan! The salmon eggs benedict was very good! Not too much H-Sauce and not too messy either! My girls and I ordered a variety of sides that includes bacon, eggs, french toast and fries! The staff were very friendly and prices weren't too bad! A great place to start your day with a glass of OJ or Green Tea!
5	Dinner here was fantastic, no bones about it.  My three girlfriends and I ate here on Saturday night and easily out ate the entire table of 8 anorexic bimbos next to us.  What can I say?  We love good food and we know good food.  From start to finish, the food was top notch.  We started with the petite plateau seafood platter, the salmon rillettes, and the bone marrow.  Yes, all three.  If I'm being completely honest, the seafood platter was probably my "least" favorite and that is in no way to say that it was bad.  It was just fine in comparison to the other two entrees.   The sauce that accompanied the bone marrow was one of the best things I've ever had - simply delicious.  I think all four of us discussed whether it would be inappropriate to lick the plate at one point or another.  The salmon rillettes were also outstanding.  I saw this on an episode of Best Thing I Ever Ate (thanks Tyler Florence) and knew I couldn't come here without trying it.  Definitely not sorry I did.  My only qualm was that Tyler's came with a large chunk of clarified butter on top that he got to put on the delicious bread.  Okay, in retrospect, I probably didn't need that butter and it probably would have caused me to eat even more bread, which I definitely didn't need.  I opted for the chicken for my entree, given that Thomas Keller is known for his chicken and that the waiter didn't seem to endorse the steak frites too heartily.  This was hands down the best chicken I've ever eaten.  The white meat was juicy, as was the dark - a rare feat.  The skin was crispy and well worth the calories.  My favorite part was the au jus that was served with the chicken.  It was so powerfully flavored but not overwhelmingly so - it just captured the pure chicken essence into a magically flavored broth.  The steak Bouchon was also delicious - cooked perfectly for all of my dining companions.  The bouchon brownie dessert was very good and the creme brulee was fine, if not standard.  They were a nice touch to round out a great meal, though we were all too full to eat much of them.We shared a bottle of Cote du Rhone that was somewhere in the $44 range and was an absolutely fantastic wine.  Very smooth and complimented all of our meals (even my last minute change to the chicken entree) incredibly well.   I wish I remembered the name of it because I'd love to get it again at home.  I can't wait to try the Yountville location on my future (hopefully) trip to Napa.
5	Incredible dinner.  I could eat here every day, but the butter would eventually kill me.We started out with mussels, frites, and escargot.  You can't go wrong with mussels and frites... but I have to admit that I like new Zealand mussels over the new England ones.  Sacrilege,  I know.  The escargot was amazing.  Each one had a mini puff pastry on top.  Between the escargot and the puff pastry, it was like double the butter and garlic soaking ability.  Pure genius.  It didn't stop us from slipping up the remaining butter and garlic with the fresh baguette.For my main course, I had the leg of lamb by recommendation of our server.  Probably one of the best lamb dishes I've had.  The fava beans and turnips went well.  Nice rich lamb taste, not over powering.  I think the only better lamb I've had came off of a spit in Piraeus.Then, for dessert, we started with the Teahive cheese, again by recommendation.  It was a tea infused cheddar, served with a honeycomb, slices of apple, and some raisin bread.  The four flavors went so nicely together, and it was the perfect transition to our main dessert... brownies with peanut butter ice cream.  I have to say that it was the PB best ice cream ever.  Like a cold, creamy serving of hand made peanut butter.  Like I said, I could eat here for the rest of my life.  It was so rich though, I'd probably die of obesity and a heart attack sooner than later.Oh, I highly recommend Bouchon.
3	Hmmmm, I really wanted to love this place. It was either I came at the wrong time or the food was just really a-ok. I guess I don't read.. but I went during the weekday aka no succulent chicken and waffles. I was a bit bummed, didn't want to run out of the place when we're already seated al fresco, feeling like we're in France. So I gave it a try.We ordered the :Croque Madame - Really really good. That Mornay sauce with the fried egg, yum!Moules au Fenouil- Sadly a bit gritty.. However the sauce was lovely.Truite Amandine - This was just so-so to me, the trout was cooked perfectly. Very lightService was slow, can't find any runners or waiters around from time to time. Overall, I was a bit disappointed, but I won't give up! i'll come for Sunday Brunch and see how that is.
5	One of the Best French restaurant i have ever had. Id you order The Grand Plateau you will not be disappointedIII The lobster and Oyster were exceptionally fresh and tasty. Next come the main course Steak "Bouchon" Rare!!! Truly an Amazing steak!!!I would definitely come back next time i am in Vegas
4	This was my third Thomas Keller dining experience, and it did not disappoint. great food! tried the bone marrow to start, and it was perfectly prepared and seasoned. tried all the entrees, and everything was great. i've found that most "fine dining" in vegas is overpriced and under quality, but bouchon lives up to the Keller name. Might not be as good as the Bouchon in Yountville, but i attribute that to the Vegas effect.
5	Amazing. Food-gasm. Thomas effing Keller to the rescue. Words cannot describe my experience at Bouchon. I had the chicken, for god's sakes, and it was INCREDIBLE. The baguette? Like I had in Paris (yep, threw in the pretentious Paris card). Even the butter was amazing. Ended the meal with the lemon tart and could have died I was so happy. Do yourself a favor--go to Bouchon. Just go.
5	Granted, I've only eaten here for breakfast, but what a fantastic breakfast it is.  The croque monsieur is easily one of the best things I've ever eaten, and the fries here are some of the best.  The specialty omelettes here are also out of this world - it doesn't seem like there is really that much that can be done with eggs, but Bouchon manages to find a way. I love the atmosphere here early in the morning - its fairly empty, the staff is formal but still relax and not stuffy or annoying, and it all equates to a very nice, very relaxed breakfast experience.  A breakfast here also won't break the bank...it's not exactly cheap, but I'd much rather spend my money here than at a place like Grand Lux or Hash House.  I can't wait to try this place for dinner.
4	Stayed at the Venetian over the weekend, fell in love with Bouchon bakery (HELLO, carrot cake cookie) next to our rooms, and then continued to hop on over to the 10th floor to taste regular Bouchon's Chicken & Waffles everyone raved about for brunch.The chicken itself was roasted, not fried, and one of the softest chicken I've had the pleasure to sink my teeth into. The waffles had chopped chives in the waffle batter, with chopped up bacon sprinkled on the top. The waffles were tangier than usual, and it was a pretty decent pairing with the chicken. Will I ever fully absorb the concept of how these two things pair? Doubt it. -_- The dish comes with sauce chasseur (kind of like a brown gravy/glaze), the waitress suggested that we dip our frites in there. You have to and it's a must, there are bacon bits with that salty braised chicken grease roux. Awesome.Also took bites of what I wanted more of:Croque Madam - good but very very heavyhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Ipb7CRbmMzLwTvoOu9ut9g#XeGUX8Tv7xWupvrcndfDXgOpen-faced Tuna Sandwich - loved that they used capers http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Ipb7CRbmMzLwTvoOu9ut9g#Lt7QBEre9QHNxsV9t7GxewDefinitely not a bad place for brunch, I will probably be back to explore other options.BTW, their macarons are subpar (hitting 2 reviews in 1, hiy-ah!)
2	Disappointing. Service (just the server) was middle of the road to poor. Expected a lot more from a Thomas Keller place. Oysters were good. Server forgot oyster forks and a bowl. Brought them after we asked. Pate was off the charts good. Foie gras was bland. Some of the worst I've ever had. Wtf? Tasteless and like refrigerated lard. Lacked the wonderful textures and nuanced flavor that good foie gras has. Sigh.My friend's fish was on the bland side. Or uninspired. Lacking something. My pork short ribs were really tasty, but both of our entrees were on the just barely warm side. More Wtf. Dessert order was taken. Server returned to explain they were out of the one my friend ordered. Ok. I know it happens. Just added to the sense that the server wasn't paying attention. Dessert was dropped and table hadn't been marked (no silverware).  Another server noticed and brought us silverware.The back server (or busboy if you must call him that, though you ought not to) however: Amazing. This guy was on top of everything he could be expected to be from start to finish. HE was what we expected from the place. Changed plates, checked on us (when the server was off schmoozing the table of hot ladies next to us (yeah, I get it, they're hot and we're just a couple of guys, but we're ordering well and aren't you just the least bit aware of the difference in service you're providing our two tables when we're right next to each other and we can SEE it??).... oh wait, I was talking about how great the back server was... Right. He was great. Crumbed. Refilled. Fast. Expedient. Made us feel at the least... cared about? Noticed? Something like that.Lower than average overall experience.Palmed the back server cash on the way out. 20% to the server because you do. And sadly, wouldn't  go back.
4	The bread and butter were great - the bread reminded me of bread I've had in Paris. The onion soup was pretty good, but I wouldn't say great. The steak and frites was very good too. The fries stayed crispy throughout the meal, the steak was cooked perfectly, and the onion spread on the steak was a nice touch, even though I usually like my steaks plain. My wifes trout and green beans dish was very good too - especially the green beans, they were downright amazing. A very tasty meal to say the least.
4	Good choice for brunch.  Yummy complimentary bread and butter.  Lovely chicken and waffles.  Good coffee.  Great service!!
2	It was a little disappointing and not worth travelling up the strip. It's in the Venetian and in the heart of chaos. We had dinner here on a loud Friday night. Service was slow. Food was mediocre. The highlight of the meal was the bread that was served prior to the "plats principuax ". I had the Steak Frites -- nothing to write home about. My companion had the salmon -- really nothing to write home about. We shared a serving of the Pot de Creme, which I hoped would be like Creme Brulee but it was infused with lavender and just tasted off. The wine selection was limited.Oh well.
5	I keep coming back for more. Still the best breakfast in Las Vegas by far and off all the top name restaurants that serve breakfast,  still by far the vest value (even though it is a little pricey) Quiche Lorraine, bacon pomme frites. Can't get enough. So obsessed with Mr. Keller's quiche that I make my family sit through every failed attempt to match his quiche at home.  My only complaint, like everywhere I else, is the lack of a iced green tea. Can't wait to get back for another meal.
3	Had this been some typical, trying-to-be-trendy French place 5 miles from my house, I'd be giving 4.5 to 5 starts.  But it isn't.  Bouchon has to be judged based on what it is: a (supposedly) elegant, innovative, and exceptional Thomas Keller outpost, on a mezzanine level of one of Vegas's nicer hotels.  I came here with three other friends the week after my birthday, and wasn't really impressed.  While this might be a product of stratospheric expectations, there were some pretty basic things that stand out as very average and generic.  Let's start with the ambiance--the decor is impressive; nice without being overbearing.  The patio (we didn't sit there, but we checked it out) was an incredible, almost Shakespearean paradise.  But there was a white paper table cloth covering our table.  Eeek.  Seemed a little counter-to the attempt at elegance, to me.Our waiter was friendly, and I would have liked him, had he been serving me at Red Lobster or Texas Roadhouse.  But in a nice place, I would have liked less down-to-earth friendliness and more formal stoicism.  At least TRY to uphold the atmosphere.The food was good but not great, and nothing came close to wowing me to the point of NEEDING the food again.  The closest that came was the bone marrow (which I'm a sucker for anyway), but as far as bone marrow that I've had, it was pretty standard.  The lamb shoulder (my entree) was well cooked, but unremarkable.  I actually can't remember what it was served with, which I'm disappointed to say.
5	I came here based solely on the reputation of French Laundry and Thomas Keller. What I got was exactly what I was looking for and more, bistro style fare served in a great setting, but still laid back enough that I'm not going to knock a slip up here or there. My wife and I sat at the bar after being told that they weren't serving dinner yet, but we could get Hors D'Oeuvres. After a quick glance at their beer selection I chose a St Bernardus Abt 12 (Quad) and proceeded to look at a small menu. We opted to get oysters to split, salmon rillettes, and a croque madame.When the oysters came out they came with the usual condiments plus one that I was not familiar with. My wife was saying something about how I wasn't going to put anything on my oysters when the bartender interjected saying that the red wine vinagrette was actually quite delicious if used sparingly. I am very glad I took his recommendation. Growing up in New England I'm quite particular about seafood and he might have changed my mind about how to eat oysters. We got three varieties of oyster, which unfortunately I don't remember. Two of the types were absolutely phenomenal, one was average.The Rillettes aux Deus Salmon were absolutely out of this world. If you're not familiar with rillettes it was similar to pate. Traditionally they would be made using the fat of the animal served, however with salmon they use butter (it's an oily fish, but not particularly fatty) and age them in clarified butter. This was the most jaw dropping part of the meal. I want to immediately make the drive from San Diego to Beverly Hills to get this dish again. If you go for one single thing it should be this. It's a dish that is a little on the expensive side for the amount you get, but trust me on this one.I had never had a Croque Madame before, so I can't comment on any sort of comparison, but I can say that it was absolutely delicious, oh and served with a pile of the best pomme frites (french fries) I have ever had in my life. If you're worried about spending a lot of money this is the thing to get. It's under $20 (I don't remember the exact price, it might have been under $15) and is a lot of food. Bottom line, their beer is too expensive but the selection works very well with the food served. The ambiance is exactly what I was looking for. Removed from the strip so that you don't have to deal with that nonsense while you're eating. It's quaint, but not in a uber laid-back way. If you like bistro food you're going to love Bouchon.
5	We loved Bouchon! The hostess kindly sat us early since we arrived a bit early. Our waiter was helpful and friendly, the food was tremendous.  We started with a sazerac...very delicious. Then, on to a cheese plate (the blue roll) that was incredibly mild and smooth, served with sliced apple. It satisfied me, a blue cheese lover, and my husband, someone who is not fond of blue. Worked for both of us! There was also some delicious bread as an intro plate, and pistachios, very fresh. I then had the scallops as a main (gigantic and wonderful), and my husband had the lamb shank (a meat lover's dream) along with a side of cabbage fondue and bone marrow. Thank goodness we had meds for cholesterol with us, I am sure we used our year's allotment for fatty foods all in one meal. Wonderful and a very enjoyable evening.
5	Accessed through two elevators near the Venetian parking lot (not the Palazzo), this Thomas Keller gem is sure to be a crowd-pleaser whenever one wants to impress an out of town guest on the strip for a classy yet affordable weekend brunch.  They don't take reservations for brunch so getting here early will cut down on the wait time.  I've been here three times with close friends and most recently for my mom's birthday, and the chicken and waffles is what I always recommend.  Having grown up in the South, this is not your soul food variety with fried chicken and sweet waffles as is done at many other places in town, but a wonderful reinvention that showcases the creativity and respect Keller shows towards his ingredients, classical French cooking techniques, and the humble dish from which it is inspired.   The dish is presented at one's table with a perfectly half-roasted chicken with crispy flavorful herb-encrusted skin enclosing impossibly succulent and juicy meat that comes right off the bone.  Despite being laced with with chives and bacon, these savory waffles are light as a feather.  The accompaniments include maple syrup and a Chasseur sauce("hunter's" sauce) made with demi-glace, mushrooms, shallots, and herbs, along with a Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  Nothing is unintentional as one can feel free to spread a little butter on the waffle, drizzle some maple syrup to finish, and eat it alongside the chicken dipped in the Chasseur...such a complex symphony of flavors that will have your taste-buds doing cartwheels.  Very rarely can a variation on a classic transcend the original, but with someone of Thomas Keller's caliber, I think his rendition does just that.
3	Wasn't as good as everyone says....bread was delicious, fries were good too. The other things were just okay...
5	I always heard great things about Thomas Keller's restaurants and I must say, Bouchon Bistro was amazing!  From the moment my date and I arrived there, we were attended to immediately.  I can't even put into words the taste of the Steak Bouchon.....it was to die for, cooked to perfection!  And not to mention the truffle sauce (or should I say jus), I just couldn't get enough of it.  I became very full after eating half of the steak, but I did not let that stop me :) That's how delicious it was.  Now that I've been here, I will definitely be going to the French Laundry located in Napa. Who's in?!
5	Bouchon is a strikingly casual yet elegant bistro located in the upper reaches of the Venetian hotel.  How casual?  One of our servers did an extended shimmy to a Prince song, there was constant "inappropriate" banter between ourselves and the wonderful individuals who serviced our tables, and there may have been an impromptu coloring session wherein caricatures of patrons at other tables may have been found serenading around the staff's own contribution - the sexy and i know it duck.  So while the high ceilings and beautiful courtyard might suggest one experience, you certainly aren't limited in that manner.  The unanimous decision of our table is that this is the best service we have ever had.  I should explain that.  The balance between entertaining and professional one finds here is something I had previously not experienced.  One might think that perhaps the staff's antics was a convenient mask shrouding potential issues concerning their knowledge of the menu.  That is simply not the case.  We received incredible guidance concerning wine choices and our server hand-picked an off-menu dessert for us (an incredible vanilla bean creme brulee that one international traveler in our group deemed the best she has ever had... it was in my top five as well).  When I can say that people who worked at the restaurant overshadowed a Thomas Keller production in a positive fashion, it becomes at least subjectively obvious that a new dining experience has been created.  That leads us to the food.  Bouchon is one of those few Vegas restaurants that allows friends with different means to comfortably dine with one another.  You don't have to go high-end (I did anyway); as you can see, most Yelp reviews focus on the cheapest dish, a luxuriously decadent take on the Croque Madame, a dish that is fully less than 1/2 the price of the steak.  I am sure it is incredible, yet I would encourage patrons to purchase the steak Bouchon, a blissful cut of New York strip steak doused in black truffle jus and accompanied with celery and potato boulangere.  It was easily the best steak I have had since I have moved to DC, and frankly, may have been the best strip steak I have ever eaten (and yes, this is coming from a Texas guy).  The portion was generous, absolutely perfectly cut, aromatic from the truffle, and intensely flavorful.  I would strongly suggest pairing the steak with the sauteed spinach (brilliant) and potato puree (very buttery).  While it wasn't paired with the steak, the other dish I really enjoyed was the braised cabbage.  I wasn't as enamored by the mac and cheese here, but that isn't to say that it wasn't a solid preparation.  Given that this restaurant delivered on two of arguably the best experiences of my life (best service and potentially best NY strip steak), it is pretty much a no brainer that I would suggest this restaurant to anyone.
5	I came to Bouchon on a friends recommendation and boy was I impressed.  Great service from our waiter Nico. This review is for dinner only. We started with the soup of the day and escargot app. It was awesome. I had the Bouchon steak and my wife had the gnocchi, both were excellent. Great decor and ambiance. I can't wait to come here again and I can't wait to try the one in Beverly Hills.
4	I came to this restaurant with my cousins knowing that the food should be worth the hundreds of dollars we paid for. That was met - the service, however, I found slightly disappointing. While it was fine for the most part, there were instances where the waiter would just get our food without even asking if we were done with it. No complaints on the food part however, the complimentary bread and butter was delicious, and the only butter I would ever indulge in without worrying about its high fat content, that's how delicious it was! My favorites from all that we ordered were the duck confit, the steak bouchon, the fries! and the pot de creme. Vanilla custard with orange essence and a side of butter cookies. Absolutely divine!
5	Delicious! By far the best roasted chicken dish that I've had by-far. Went in April a few years back and also just last year and the foodquality has not changed. Ambiance and staff are excellent. Too bad I can't be a regular here since it's a bit pricey for me, but I will definitely be back for certain occasions. I hear their brunch is amazing, must be on my to-eat list.
3	For a Thomas Keller restaurant - I expected a little bit more. My dinner was amazing, my friend's was mediocre, and the drinks were wayyyy too strong with very little flavor besides alcohol. But anyways...The setting is breathtaking. Bouchon is nestled in the gorgeous Venetian hotel. Even though we arrived well past dinner hour, the smell of fresh bread was the first thing to hit our noses as we approached. At the recommendation of multiple Yelp reviews, my friend got the Croque Madame - which was good, but was basically a ham and cheese sandwich. The fried egg and butter sauce added a rich component to the dish, but caused the bread on the sandwich to get super soggy. The fries, on the other hand, were piping hot, salty, and delicious.My meal was outstanding. I ordered the trout, which was served whole with hericot verde and almonds. The fish flaked away perfectly, the haricot verde were crispy, green and fresh, and the almonds were sliced thin and added delicious flavor and texture. The service was okay, our food arrived hot, but it took way too long to get our check back, and our server never checked on us after we received our food. We had a good experience, but with so many incredible fine-dining restaurants on the strip, Bouchon needs to step it up a bit.
5	An amazing restaurant in a great location. I always leave here stuffed because i can not stop eating the bread. Best bread anywhere. I recommend the steak frittes but they always have amazing specials as well.
4	must-try: sourdough wafflesairy with a slight crunch that melts in your mouth. highly recommend.
4	The best roasted chicken I've ever eaten...the poulet roti at Bouchon!  I couldn't believe how incredibly moist the chicken was, even the white meat was so tender.  The chicken jus was so delicious too - I literally mopped it up with the epi bread, even our waiter commented on how I cleaned my plate :)  At first I was uncertain about ordering chicken for my main dish, but our waiter encouraged me to try it as it is their signature dish and I'm so glad I did!  My husband's roasted leg of lamb was amazing as well...I'm usually not a big fan of lamb, but this was definitely one of the best I've had.  The only part of that dish we weren't crazy about were the Tokyo turnips and the crispy panisse (chickpea flour cake).  The panisse lacked flavor and was a bit cold, it just didn't add anything to the dish.  I really wanted to try the smoked salmon rilettes as an appetizer after seeing it highlighted on The Best Thing I Ever Ate, but since there is raw fish in the dish, I'll have to wait until I deliver this baby :)  Instead of having dessert at the restaurant, we opted to go to Bouchon Bakery by the Phantom of the Opera theatre.  We had the strawberry croissant, which was a sliced croissant topped with strawberry jam and a crumb topping...so buttery and decadent, I loved it!  When you go, try to get a table close to the windows, I think that's a prettier part of the restaurant (we were seated towards the back right by the kitchen, and it seemed really removed from the rest of the restaurant's ambience).
4	Sourdough waffles are delicious!  They should extend their breakfast hours for the sleepy heads =p
5	Excellent food -- as others say, best roasted chicken I've ever had. It was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Service was friendly and attentive.
4	chef thomas keller's reputation has drawn me into the restaurant while visiting venetian at vegas, since TFL is no were in sight, we decide to pay bouchon a visit, the special of the day,  cold foie gras with sweet jelly  was perfect pairing with oven-roasted baguette , moelle rotie, the roast bone marrow  grilled with champagne was my favorite of the night, confit de conard (duck leg), well marinated with red wine , we didnt quite finished our entree (poulet roti) after the  appetizers and totally miss out the dessert since we were so full from previous meals, complimentary strawberry macarons at the end of the meal was a sweet ending.  i will be sure to have my stomach empty before  visit bouchon again sometime ....in napa
5	Perfect place for sunday brunch and its been a traditional that we come for sunday brunch after a crazy saturday night. love that they have fresh squeeze juice because that is the only way i like my juice. the beignets are so amazingly good and what better than housemade jam and nutella to go with. it was breakfast heaven. of course the oysters were fresh and ohhh so yummy mmmmmmMMMMmmm. i had the special for that day and everytime ive come ive always ordered the special and it was always spectacular! however that leaves me unable to eat the regular menu which i have been wanting to do everytime im there. unfortunately once the waiter/waitress starts telling me about the special of the day its so hard not to order that. still want to try the chicken and waffles and the french toast OMG that will be the goal next time im there. Last time here i treated myself and two others and it came out to 150. not cheap to eat but anytime your at a thomas keller establishment this is the kind of price tag you are looking at but you will definitely get the most bang outta your buck here. food wise at least lol.
4	Beautiful atmosphere and delicious food. Perfect for our group of 6.
4	Great Brunch Spot.Highly recommend the Smoked Salmon on French Baguette.Really nice outdoor seating. Recommended when the weather in Vegas permits. :)
5	Two words:  Steak Frites.  That's all you have to remember to say when the server takes your order to ensure you enjoy your meal.  The french fries are unreal.  Anthony Bourdain raved about them on his show so I knew they would be legit.  I'm heading back to Vegas in two weeks and will be dining at Bouchon again.TIPS:  1. Order wine, not cocktails.  Their mixed drinks are a little too stiff.2. Not overly stuffy, so you can leave the dinner jacket and evening gown in your room3. If you've made other plans for dinner, consider Bouchon for Breakfast.
5	My boyfriend brought me here for breakfast in Las Vegas.  I love dating a fellow foodie, he makes magic happen for me.He had the chicken and waffles (roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle,Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce chasseur) and I had the sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  It was sheer heaven.  We both had cocktails, mine had an edible flower in it.  The whole meal was a complete treat.  I would recommend highly and return.The wait staff was amazing too.
5	Never in my life did I expect to succumb to the chicken and waffles craze. But my friend invited me here for brunch and after reading the reviews I had to consider it.And then I ordered it. And oh my was it delicious. Moan with happiness every five minutes delicious. I pretty much had a near religious experience with this dish. The roasted chicken + brown Thanksgiving-style gravy paired with the bacon and chive waffle + vanilla bean butter + maple syrup all sounds like an odd couple, but was absolutely and positively magical. The flavors mixed together so amazingly that I was in shock. Every now and then I'd eat only the chicken or waffle, but would quickly return to the well engineered combo. That's right, engineered - it was clear that this dish was well thought out.Now that I've gushed about the chicken and waffles to the point of boring you, I must also note that the complimentary bread and butter were also divine. And the house coffee is some of the best coffee I've ever had. Truly an amazing experience all around, and one that I will be dreaming of frequently.
5	Took mom here for her b-day brunch - I was on a mission to order as much food as possible because every time I come to visit she tries to take me to TGI Friday's or some BS so this was my attempt to change that.The beignets covered in cinnamon and sugar served w/ nutella and jam were so friggen good. Those and some coffee would make a nice snack. I got the shrimp and grits special and it was delicious. Mom got steak frites - very good, the fries are not of the crunchy variety but they had a really good flavor. The french 77 cocktail went VERY well with all the food. We shared a chocolate mouse and it's hands down one of the best chocolate desserts I've ever had.
3	A little disappointing.  Keller is one of my heroes, so I was expecting a little sprinkle of culinary magic on my food.  What I had was a good, competent brunch, but nothing more.I ordered the mussels and fries (moule frites).  Fries were good, very nice and crispy and properly salty, but were served in a large cone, so that the fries at the bottom of the cone were crushed and steamed by the heat of the fries on top.  The broth served with the mussels was underwhelming and very one-note.  It needed some acid or fennel or something to kick it up.  I've made better myself.I also sampled some of my wife's chicken and waffles, which were better.  The waffles were really good: a slightly firm crunch on the outside followed by a soft, almost pudding-like inside.  The chicken was very moist and flavorful, but should have had a crispier skin.  It was also served with a gravy that was just too salty, almost like it came from an instant gravy pack.Prices were high ($20 per entree, $15 per cocktail), but pretty standard for a Vegas Strip restaurant.  Not a bad meal, just not a particularly great one.
5	We had dinner plans and found out our show was within the hour. We told out waiter who was so helpful and we only got to try the appetizers! Our waiter was very helpful in suggesting the appetizers! Would come back and try the main dishes. We had fresh oysters, Terrine de Foie GRAS de Canard, Escargot a la bouguignonne and Confit de Canard! It was awesome!
4	A solid choice for our "nice" Vegas dinner. We asked for a nicer table, despite having made reservations months before, which was a little annoying (there were plenty of tables open). We started with the Salade de Pommes de Terre, little potatoes with onion and egg yolk -- so fresh and satisfying -- followed by Beignets de Brandade de Morue, cod brandade with tomato confit and fried sage -- also amazing. For dinner, he got a giant plate of mussels and frites, and I had the pan-roasted Idaho trout with haricots verts, toasted almonds and beurre noisette -- it was crunchy from the beans and the hazelnuts but the fish was perfectly cooked, moist and succulent. The view of the pool area is really nice too. You have to take an elevator up to what feels like a private area for special people paying lots of money to be there, so the whole experience makes you feel elite (unless you are staying up there already, in which case, carry on and can I be your friend?). Fun people watching, too.
3	I went there for 10th year anniversary because we saw Anthony Bourdain poured wine on the table after he tasted their fries on his Vegas episode. Was disappointed, at $7 a pop it was not worth the money. I ordered the fish dish but it has bones in it and was not very tasty at all. Would rather spend my money at my favorite Chinese restaurant, the chef at least knows how to cook fish... And for the money I paid, I could have ordered for 10 people if I ate some other place. If I paid that kind of money, the food better be so good i will never forget the experience. But really, the food is mediocre. Gave it 3 stars because my husband enjoyed his dish and the service is very good.
2	I'm not impressed. The food was ok at best. The corn beef hash is not at all what you'd expect and it was a disappointment. A mimosa will cost you over $12 too. Very overpriced and I do not recommend it at all.
4	My friend and I had dinner here and were really happy.Food was amazing,wait staff was attentive and atmosphere was great.Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5,we waited 35 min for a table even though we had reservations.  I had to go up twice before we got seated.The food was so good, I will be taking my husband to the Yountville  location soon.
4	Great food, great patio, overall a great experience. Their bread is how bread should always taste and the food in general is at the level of quality I would expect at that price point. A favorite for me while in Vegas especially because it's one of the few places on the Strip with outdoor dining. I will be back!
4	I LOVEEE THE BREAKFAST FOOD HERE!! but dislike the service!! the waiter walked by a couple times and still didn't noticed our empty water glass...i was soooo thirsty too!! so...we flipped our water glass upside down to show that it is EMPTY!! since it wasn't obvious enough.. -.- gosh.
1	This is certainly not a French restaurant. The waitress didn't even know what brioche is, not that they serve it here. The brioche here is just toast.  The Corn Beef Hash wash cubed beef not hash and not very good.  The cappuccino was mediocre. Sour dough waffles, gouffles, nothing special. I wanted a souffle and my wife wanted a brioche. Neither were available. French, absolutely not.  Tourist trap, yes.  Never again for us.This is Vegas.  I don't care if the food is pricey as long as it's good.  Don't waist your time here.
1	Terrible food! Could have been called a DDD!  They piled the French fries to falling off the plate. We asked for ketchup and waited ten  minutes-the fries were cold! Service was extremely slow and the whole experience (supposed to be a celebration) dampered by the restaurant. Shame on you Bouchon,
5	Bouchon is one of my all-time favorite restaurants. Top 5 for sure. The food is exceptional. I order something different every time and I'm blown away every time. The charcuterie platter is delicious and the salmon rillette is ridiculously good. We tried the bone marrow last time and it was awesome. I had the New York steak with potato gratin and my girlfriend had the veal tenderloin. Both were fantastic. Throw in a couple Grey Goose martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives and a waiter with a good personality and attention to detail and we had a dinner to remember. Definitely worth the price. I'm looking forward to going to Napa to try out the Bouchon there, as well as Keller's other restaurant, French Laundry.
3	I have to agree with some of the reviewers here....I was expecting more from a Thomas Keller's restaurant.  The food was decent, but there was no wow factor. Guess, I'll have to pray for a miracle to happen so that i can crack the reservation code to The French Laundry in order to really taste his real works. Anyhow, outdoor patio is nice, staff was also attentive. The location of the restaurant was a bit tricky, so definitely ask the staff at the Venetian for directions, else, you'd prob end up doing a walking tour of the whole place. I will prob try out other French restaurants in Vegas next time i come back.
4	I was disappointed that they only offer the chicken and waffles on the weekends because nothing else on the menu looked that great to me. I came alone at 12pm on a Thursday and the place was about half full. I ordered a Bellini  ($12.50) and the Croque Madame ($18).The sandwich was really good. I wish the mornay sauce was a little warmer, but I was too hungry to send it back. It was perfectly salty from the ham, the cheese was nicely melted and the egg a perfect over easy. It came with a HUGE mound of fries, which were okay, nothing special.
4	5-star service. 4-star cuisine.Specials:Pork belly app (4-star): Friend ordered this and completely finished the starter.Braised short rib (4-star): We ordered 2 of the last 3 remaining (they sold out by 7:45pm on a Friday evening). Dish was rich but perfectly done.Standards:French onion soup (4-star): Super-rich with an extra-dark noteHouse salad w/goat cheese (4-star) - greens were super fresh, red wine vinaigrette was perfect. Sturgeon (5-star) - this was incredibly fresh, sturgeon melts in your mouth, done to perfection. One of the most memorable fish I've had anywhere. Leeks were a bit overly salted, but added a good savory complement. Roasted beets were fresh and delicious.Crepes Suzette (4.5 star) - crepes with orange compote - a delightful, refreshing finish to an excellent meal. A classic executed perfectly.Service:Would return for the service. Server had a phenomenal eye for detail, noticed our preferences, made excellent recommendations and provided a fantastic experience. Perfectly paced meal and an enjoyable evening.
5	The service was impeccable. The 6 of my closest girlfriends dined here for my bachelorette dinner in Vegas. We wanted a classy dinner to celebrate all of us together :) I couldn't have picked a better place. We got outside patio seating and the lighting and weather couldn't have been more perfect.We ordered the soft-shell crab appetizer special, along with the entree Salmon, Steak dinner, Lamb entree dinner, Steak and Frites, and the Sole dinner special. I also got to try their French onion soup.Everything was splendid! The soft-shell crab and the french onion soup were some of the best I've had. Order the steak dinner - so worth your money. It was a 16 oz. piece of perfectly made beef! My lamb was spectacular and I would order it again in a heart beat. Both the fish entrees were cooked well and extremely flavorful.I want to come back for their brunch!
2	Brunch is mediocre.  The 'basket' of pastries were a good value but the croissants had unsettling crunch and hardly tasted like anything I had in Paris.  The drink I had was adequately strong and fruity.  I was kind of annoyed and disappointed at my special entree, shrimp and grits, for being way too bland (although the shrimp was good) and not even buttery.  My boyfriend had sausage and omelet with chicken that was on par with something that you would get at a Hobees (California breakfast chain). When I got the bill, it suggested that I was eating breakfast at the French Laundry, without the yum factor.   I don't think this place is worth going to, due to its diluted and deluded brand.
4	So this place is all kinds of nice! Nice view of the gardens, airy, and bright! We came here on Saturday for brunch and our party of three was seated almost instantly. Ask if they have the strawberry croissant available. It tastes like strawberry cake or something! It has crumbles on it! Get it! My boyfriend and his friend got the omelet du jour (prime rib, oyster mushrooms, and I forget what else). It came with brioche and I think your choice of sausage or bacon (I don't remember). I had a few bites and it was quite good! I had a croque madame, and I found it very rich and satisfying. And extremely filling. I think I would've been fine with the sandwich alone. I also really liked the fries it came with... but they were soooooo salty. They were good, but they would've been sooooo much better if they didn't taste like they had the entire salt shaker in there. Would've polished it off had they not been so salty.Next to the hostess podium there is an embossing machine with some cards that you can make some souvenirs with. Do it! What's even better is that when you use it, it makes an embarrassingly loud noise that makes everyone know that you're using the machine!
3	Bouchon... tsk, tsk, tsk.  If it wasn't for your pleasant waitress and that beautiful sauce on the truite amandine, I would've ran out of there as soon as I could. Well, I kinda did that anyway. I get it that it was during the peak hour of lunch, but why are you so loud?  I'm glad that my friends at least liked what they ordered, but they too had the same thoughts overall. I'm also glad I didn't have a hangover to make things worse. I'll give it to you that the set up was somewhat rugged and sorta classy,  but how could you serve me a 6 oz. pasteurized orange juice from the gallon for $6? I know you can do better! I can taste the plastic on that sucker. Ew. Ok, call me picky but I had a high regard for anything Keller and I was really looking forward to an overall experience.  So it's not you Mr. Keller... it's me.  Goodbye (*sniff) maybe, just maybe someday we'll see each other again.
4	Have you ever heard of a bachelor party booking the VIP Room on a Friday night at the renown Bouchon by Thomas Keller?  Well... you heard it now! That's how we roll! My homie Jon Margarte called up his boy Thomas to let him know the YOLO crew is coming through and to have the reservation for 20 ready.  Bouchon is pretty much the best french spot in Vegas. Way better than anything at the Paris hotel. The experience is exquisite and first class. It's the spot to be scene and dressed up (we wore our YOLO sleeveless shirts). The food is nice, clean, flavorful, high quality, cooked to perfection, and petite. I had the roasted lamb which was joy in every bite, but after a day of drinking did not soak up the alcohol. Every dish and side is done with detail and emphasized on flavor from the bread to entrees to the fries. So good! Highly recommend Bouchon Vegas for a visit.
5	DINNER:Moelle Rotie  *My first time trying roasted bone marrow and I loved it!  I had no idea there was so much flavor in the marrow of bone.Salade de Pommes de Terre  *This was potato salad but pumped up a notch.  It was good but what really made this was the egg yolk on top.Escargot a la Bourguignonne  *So buttery & delicious and topped with a super light, fluffy, puff pastryConfit de Canard  *The duck leg confit was so delicious and flavorful and the lentils were the best lentils I've ever tasted!Confit d'EsturgeonThis was a bit of a disappointment.  After starting off with 4 great starters, this dish was a just okay.BouchonChocolate brownies shaped like corks but BETTER than ordinary brownies.  As you would expect from a restaurant known for it's pastries, these were the perfect balance between rich, chewy goodness but not too chewy with a bit of that crunchy edge that everyone loves.  These are a must!I can't recall the name of the other dessert we ordered.  Perhaps it's because I could have easily forgotten this dessert.  It was described as almost like a fancy pop tart.  I guess that should have been a clue but I expected more.I was also disappointed that they didn't have beignets on the menu for dessert but returned the following morning to get my beignet fix.BREAKFAST:Beignets  *FANTASTIC!!  We were lucky enough to get a special treat!  After meeting the pastry Chef, after our delicious dinner, we got a special order of beignets.  Three types, filled with chocolate, raspberry and a delicious vanilla custard.  The vanilla one's were my favorite but all were oh so delicious!Corned Beef HashThis was surprisingly disappointing.  It was mostly corned beef and very little potato.  I prefer my corned beef and potato bits to have more crispy edges.  I also asked for my eggs to be 'sunny side up' but they were more 'over medium'.  My yolk did not ooze out over my corned beef, the way I like it to.Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde  *This was so delicious!  Better than the mussels I experienced in Brussels but then I think I somehow managed to find the worst place to have them when I was in Belgium.  Anyways, these were so buttery, garlicky and TASTY!!  We hardly touched the fries, although they were thin, crispy and perfectly fried.  The rest of the food was just too good to fill up on fries.SUMMARY:I put a star next to each of the items I had that I would recommend.   :)
5	This is truly a must for a great, wait, I mean fantastic breakfast. There is most likly going to be a nice wait in store for you, but let me tell you it is well worth it. My wife and I got the pastry plate, I know it is a lot of pastries, but, just take them back with you to your room so that you can savor them later, or maybe the next morning with some coffee. (help soak up all the drinks from the night before). I don't even remember what my wife had, but I had the special, braised short ribs with eggs over an English muffin!!!!! Wow, what a way to start a morning.This will for sure be our go to in Vegas, I love staying at the Pallazo, probably one of the best resorts on the strip in my opinion, and Bouchon just adds to the experience.Cannot wait to try dinner there!
3	Good brunch for a pretty penny.I thought I'd be wowed but I wasn't. The food was good but not mind-blowing.Service was on-point as you would expect in a place like this.The chicken and waffles were good but really overpriced for what it is - around $25.The salmon rillette was tasty. The salads were not entree sized. The flavor was average.Beignets were fine but still not amazing.The corned beef hash, again fine not amazing.The coffee was excellent.Just underwhelmed by my Thomas Keller experience. Guess I'll have to go to the French Laundry for the real deal. I'll save my pennies for that.
3	Came here for dinner, after a great "run" downstairs in the sportsbook and the tables, and had only one thing in mind....the roasted chicken!  I've frequented the Napa location somewhat often, and the roast chicken is still my number one....at the Napa location, and will always get at least a 4star rating.In this case, I was utterly disappointed.  Dry, almost flavorless chicken breast was what greeted my first bite!  I'm a dark-meat fan, purely due to its moisture, depth of flavor, and its succulence, so I already knew the dark meat will satisfy.  But the white meat in this case was typical of ANYWHERE else!  I'm not sure if the Las Vegas location is lacking the passion of its Napa bretheren, but the execution needs some adjustment.  The roast chicken in Napa seriously kills this 10-fold, with the breast just as succulent and moist as the thigh/leg.Best part of the meal?  The onion soup, and the amazing bread and butter!  I left the chicken on the plate, but destroyed the soup and bread as if that was what I came there for.  As for a return visit....it'll have to wait till my next visit to Yountville.
3	We had dinner there this past weekend and had high hopes but they fell a little short.  It was a perfectly fine dinner but with a name like Thomas Keller attached to the name, I expect elevated everything.We had a reservation and they ran 20 minutes past.  Our server was delightfully low-key and the appetizers were delicious.  Fresh pea soup, bib lettuce salad, and oysters. Yum!The main course was where things started to go wrong.  All entrees were too salty to enjoy.  I ate about a quarter of my trout and my husband had about the same with his gnocchi.  Also, the portion sizes were HUGE.  I know this is America: Land of Large Portions but again, I was expecting something a bit more refined.Add to that the fact that the restaurant terrace backs on to the pool at the Venetian which remains open until 9pm....(which means you'll be treated to whoop whoops of drunk party goers if you dine before 9pm)...it felt a little 'average' and not 'amazing.'Not likely to return.
4	I've waited a little while before reviewing Bouchon because I have often been critical of restaurant reviews from people who just don't dig the particular style of cuisine. Do you rate according to the experience, or whether or not the food was exactly your cup of tea?The wife and I have wanted to try some celebrity chef places before we leave Vegas for good and Bouchon, being one that is willing too look the other way on.... Well, let's just say we put the "casual" in "business casual" and they seemed like an option for us.I'll get this right out there and say that I am generally not a huge fan of French cuisine. WIth the exception of the marvelous concoctions served up by Olivier at his Baguette Cafe (Hi Olivier!), which routinely blows my socks off, and many wonderful encounters with crusty bread across the globe, the flavour profiles just don't do it for me very often. Bouchon was up against it from the beginning.I ordered a new potato salad with egg confit, the steak Bouchon with a black truffle demiglace, and a chocolate marquise for dessert. All were good on various levels. The salad was fascinating and I was surprised how much I liked the way the raw egg yolk that crowned the whole affair oozed all over the dish. Steak was cooked to perfection and tasted good, but of course I just wasn't that into the glaze. I'm not one of those Philistines who smothers steaks in gloopy brown sauce from a bottle; however, I'd have preferred my steak unadorned or in a nice peppercorn sauce. Mushrooms and fungi, it turns out, don't just turn me off because of their texture -- the taste plays a part too. As I alluded to in my intro, this is personal taste preference rather than having anything to do with the quality of the dish.The desert was suitably chocolatey and tasty, nothing I'd go running out again and again for, but pleasant and a nice way to round off an elegant meal.Overall, the meal was tasty. The experience was amazing. So why only four stars? Well, it was nearly $200 for the pair of us without any alcohol and I find that I'd prefer to be spending that money on a week's worth of panini and chocolate tart from around the corner at The Baguette Cafe. Bouchon was an experience that I am pleased to have had and I would recommend it to friends, but it's not calling me back.
2	Ugh. I get annoyed just thinking about my first and only dining experience here.It's going to take a lot for me to want to eat here again. Maybe I had set my expectations too high. Maybe I was too worried about having those expectations met the entire time I ate here. Maybe their menu selection really wasn't that great the day I went and their waitstaff really was that annoying.For now, I'm going with the latter.Croque madame. Gnocci. Mussels. Those were our menu options. A sandwich, some balls of dough and seafood in the middle of the desert. Why? How does that even make sense? The bread on the croque madam was overly buttery, a failed attempt at resembling anything remotely grilled or toasted. I have no idea what they were trying to achieve with that. The gnocci was very unmemorable. And the mussels were mediocre at best.One more thing: the fries. Let me talk about the fries for a second. Each entree, even mine which didn't include fries, came with a mountain of fries. Again, "Why??" No idea. Was the chef over zealous about giving out fries? Were they knowingly trying to supplement their subpar food with free French fries? Was it necessary to give us five pounds of this stuff? It was a. Lot. Of. Fries.On to the service. Our waiter was teetering very close to annoying. Lingering at our table, asking us what ethnicity we were, what our plans were for the night, where we were from. Dude, can a girl eat her food without having to entertain the waitstaff? Guess not. Of course all traces of doting attention evaporated when it came to paying the bill. The sun had set, it was very dark outside and we were trying to split the bill in the dark, amongst six people. Yikes.The combination of our clingy waiter's intrusive and at times, snide remarks and the poor menu selection have me more than convinced I do not need to eat here again. Next time Thomas Keller. Actually, maybe not.
5	Great food, great service, and interesting presentations! Go! Enjoy!
2	Another confirmation that famous chefs who open restaurants in Las Vegas do a disservice to their reputation and their customers.  Yes they make a lot of money because the hotels practically pay them to open a restaurant, and yes, they can get away with it because most of the people who come to Las Vegas are not particularly attuned to great cuisine (there are certainly exceptions, but just look around).  I went there with a group of 15 on a Tuesday evening, and the place was not even close to full.  The service was attentive, but it took forever to get any food out of the kitchen, and what came out was mediocre at best.  The clams and oysters on the seafood towers were gritty, and did not taste fresh.  The Pate' was served too cold and my steak, while not over-cooked, was also not properly seared.  The vegetables were entirely taste free.  The only good thing I can say about the place is that the wine list was reasonably diverse and well priced  (We finished off 7-8 bottles of wine while waiting for our food.)  I spoke to the wait staff several times about how long it was taking to get food to the table and they said they would send a manager over to talk to me, but they never did.  In any case, Thomas Keller should reconsider having his name associated with this bistro.  The same goes for most if not all the other celebrity chefs who make the same mistake.
2	Had a pretty bad experience here. I'm not sure if this is normal or if my party experienced an uncharacteristically bad time.I've only heard good things about Thomas Keller so I was pretty excited to try this place out. The first thing that bothered me was how inattentive the service was. It took quite a while before our drink orders were taken and it was ages later that we received our appetizers, which were okay. The entrees were the real let down. My meal was just okay and a little on the cold side. My brother's meal was plain cold and flavorless. My friends steak was also cold and very tough. My other friend's croque madame was okay, but nothing special. My brother ended up sending his meal back, for which the table was given a free desert of profiteroles. They were okay. Overall, the restaurant was quite a let down. Maybe the cold food was the fault of an inattentive waitstaff and not the kitchen, but that doesn't help the fact that our meal was poor.
5	This review only pertains to the midweek breakfast offerings at Bouchon, our party of two enjoyed a Noon seating on Wednesday.  We were hoping to eat on the patio, but alas it was just too hot yesterday when we arrived (maybe early in the AM is best for that) and we decided against it, although there are very spacious umbrellas there for coverage from the hot hot Vegas sun. We enjoyed the fresh squeezed OJ, sourdough waffles (with strawberries and vanilla bean butter), brioche french toast (with paper thin apple slices and cinnamon), side of perfectly crisp bacon and a yogurt parfait.  I wanted so much to ask for a side of beignets, but realizing that we were already approaching carbohydrate overdose I held myself back.  Speaking to the fluffy brioche french toast, it was lovely and the perfect size for a breakfast dish, not sickly sweet.  We ended up adding two scrambled eggs on the side and they appeared on our table very fast.   All in all, Bouchon was the perfect meal for a late breakfast, a peaceful morning dining experience in the middle of Vegas hustle and bustle.I just woke up the half-asleep boyfriend to ask if he wanted to add anything to the review and he said, "it was really good."
3	I had brunch here with some friends.  The food here is good, but very pricey.  Service is good.The bread was good.  The beignets were good as well.  My main dish was the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was tasty and juicy.  The waffles were unmemorable, but solid.  Portion sizes were pretty good and I left the establishment full.I expected more from a Thomas Keller restaurant - while the food was good, it was not overly memorable, which I was expecting given the relative high price and the Thomas Keller brand name.
5	Have only been for brunch on Sundays.  But I think they do it best.  Service is 5 star, food is 5 star.  Seating inside and out, although outside in summer can be okay as the sun doesn't hit their seating until about 1-2.  Mussels are awesome, Oeuf and Boudin Blanc is amazing.  Good cheese selection and seafood selection.  Wine and drink selection also suits all.  If brunch is a must for you, this is the top of the list.
3	Came for dinner with two close friends during our most recent Vegas trip. I've heard good things about Bouchon and Thomas Keller so I was really excited. The service was really good but the food fell a bit short of expectations. Service: Our waiter was pretty good. He knew the specials of the day and was able to suggest wines that complemented our entrees. He was really sneaky about figuring out who's birthday it was without asking us upfront (did it when he carded us for our drinks). Funny thing, the birthday girl ended up not coming to dinner so he just assumed it was the guy who didn't get a drink that night. LOL...props to him and his detective skills though!Food: Duck Confit -- the duck was delicious. Outside was nice and crisp while the inside was very nice and tender. The accompanying lentils and vegetables were delicious too, but they didn't complement the duck very well.Veal -- very tender. I can't remember what else was on the plate (left the menu in the hotel room...foodie fail) but the presentation was really nice. Roasted leg of lamb -- much lighter than expected. The components worked well together but I was hoping for a richer sauce and bolder flavors. Polenta wasn't too heavily seasoned which actually worked out well with the dish (surprisingly since I love super rich polenta haha).Sole -- one of the richer dishes of the night. Comes with some clams and chickpeas.French fries -- were pretty delicious. Our server recommended them since they're supposedly known for their fries (fried in peanut oil). I was really disappointed that they just serve them with regular ketchup though...for the price I was expecting house-made ketchup or a more unique dipping condiment.Pot de Creme (strawberry flavored) -- good end to the meal. We all wanted something light and fruity. It's a good size for two if you don't have enough room for a full dessert.Birthday dessert (chocolate cake, mint/ginger ice cream) -- super delicious. The ice cream was a nice surprise (wasn't expecting that flavor profile) and the chocolate cake was really rich and decadent.Overall, A-OK experience. I'm actually more curious about their brunch offerings now after reading other reviews and considering how much I like their bakery...
2	Four stars average on Yelp, REALLY??? We dined here because it's Thomas Keller's establishment.  Alas, it proved that the negative rumors of his restaurants are true.  Bouchon fell short. Croque madame: seriously the BEST croque madame?? More like average to decent.  Eggs Benedict: again, way average.  For that price tag, it fell BELOW average. So my conclusion is Las Vegas dining does not compare to other places in its class (Chicago, NY, SF Bay Area).  Oh and service was atrocious!  We had to serve our own water because our glasses never got filled. The server scolded us for serving our own water.  I had to walk up to ask for a spoon.  We have to ask for bread, and it was just tossed on the table.  The server rolled her eyes when she dropped a spoon.  Is it because people don't expect good food and service from Las Vegas???  Whatever the reasoning, skip Bouchon.
5	Bouchon, how have we never met before?My bf is a chef, and has loved Thomas Keller for as long as he can remember. He always told me about Bouchon, and how he had never been... so for his birthday I decided to make reservations at the LV location.Reservation service on the phone was helpful and on point. I notified them it was his birthday and they gladly served him a dessert at the end of his meal.Upon getting there (with our reservation being at 8P) it was packed! With it being such a popular place I wasn't mad even though I was hungry. It took about 30 mins to get seated.... but once being seated they gave us complimentary champagne for having to wait, win!The service was efficient and accurate. Remember if it's busy, the time from ordering to getting your food can take a while. This restaurant is beyond amazing and extremely busy, but it's clean, intimate, and the food was amazing.Did I mention the portions are big? For it being a chic restaurant, my beau and I assumed the portions would be a bit small.... once we got our food we were shocked, they are very giving. +Fries are heavenly.+Bib salad.... the dressing with herbs is fresh & out of this world. Light & simple.+French Onion Soup - will get your taste buds going crazy, very savory & onion-ey!+Trout with the best green beans you'll ever consume+Complimentary bread & pistachios (bread is cold.. pistachios are warm!)By far one of the best dining experiences I've had. They have one in Beverly HIlls which is in my area, so I will be back. Check the menu since it changes with the season. You will not be disappointed with your dining experience at Bouchon. Cheers!~
5	Brunch here was amazing! I ate here dinner about 2 years ago and it wasn't very memorable, but their brunch is worth getting up early for. We ate here on aTuesday morning and there was no wait but I'm pretty sure there is a long wait on the weekends. I would wait to eat here though, it was that good.The scenery is also great. We ate outside on the patio and it was perfect. We started out with a pastry basket and coffee. The coffee is served in the cutest little cups. The pastries were delicious but very filling. I just got a standard bacon, egg, and toast breakfast because I didn't want anything too sweet. But it was amazing. My boyfriend is very indecisive so he ordered two things. He got the french toast which was extremely sweet but good. I wasn't able to have more than a bite and that enough. He also ordered the waffles which stole the show. Amazing. The waffles come with this amazing vanilla bean butter and strawberries. I'm seriously craving their waffles right now! So good. Worth waking up early and a good place to nurse that Vegas hangover!
5	Finally made it for dinner.  Thomas Keller fans rejoice.  Arrived around 9:30 pm, no wait at all.  Front of house staff were awesome, made us feel welcome like you were guests at someone's home.  Service was flawless.  Love the bread on the table.  Like right on the table  Salmon fans, try the Salmon rillette.  Amazing.  So good, my wife and I had to take our mothers the next night.  Also tried the Lamb, Sole, Steak Frites.  All good, but they had trouble cooking my steak at medium rare.  But because of the overall service and quality of food it is still a 5.  Will definitely be back.  Dont miss it!!
4	Came here for brunch, and I got to say I was pretty impressed. This French styled restaurant in situated in the the Venetian, and the place's grandeur and food is worth the experience. So me and family came here, got seated within 5 minutes, and were treated to good, but not great service. We waited for a while to get our entrees  (25-35 minute wait), and since I have a tendency to act a bit impatient, I felt a bit disappointed in the wait time. But hey it's a fancy French restaurant, long wait times are expected for a well crafted dish. So I got to savor the Ham steak and eggs, and that was just delicious. The ham was just smoked to perfection, and the eggs I asked to scrambled was very good too. My sister had probably the best dish, which was the Croque Madame, which was a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, with a fried egg on top, and french fries on the side. It was a pretty big portion for a sandwich, and tasting just a part of it was just sex. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now. The cost came out to be nearly 90 (4 people) for the tab, but I have to say it's worth it compared to eating at a buffet, where your stomach would be subject to gluttony and unhealthy decisions. I would like to come back to this place again when Vegas is on my mind again.
4	This place was awesome, the potato croquettes have so many layers of flavor I could eat those all day. They had a great outdoor seating area with a view of the Venetian pools along with a very tranquil fountain in the background.
4	Two words: bone marrow. :-) My husband and I went for dinner when we were "up". lol! We were feeling adventurous and decided to try the bone marrow appetizer to start which we'd never had before. I don't have anything to compare it to, but it was certainly a memorable experience and quite tasty. Then we had some wine. Then some entrees which I can't recall very well after the wine. We left happy. Isn't that the story of a good night in Vegas or what? The place was beautiful as well and makes me want to remodel my kitchen. Very romantic at night in the dim lighting. If only I could eat like that every night (or at least pretend at a nice marble table of my own).
1	Where do I start? Checking in:We were staying at the Venetian for my BFF's birthday. I called Bouchon to check how long the wait was since it was a Sunday afternoon. The gentleman told me about 5 minutes or so. When we arrived 5 minutes later (this was about 2PM), the receptionist told us that the wait was 40-45 minutes! She was very rude and acted like she hated what she was doing and didn't want to be there. I politely explained that I had called to check on wait times about 10 minutes prior to our arrival; she responded in a nonchalant demeanor and said "that was 10 minutes ago". Running low on sleep and patience, I still managed to brush her attitude off- after all we had a fun weekend. We arrived at Bouchon at about 115 PM, and we were seated at around 135. 20 minutes, not bad. Service:After having waited to be seated, the OCD side of me decided to time how long it'll take us to get noticed and be handed our menu. 3 minutes. Not bad. Sensing the "busy Sunday afternoon" atmosphere, we ordered Beignets (sp.) together with our coffee and water to be "ahead" and not starve to death while waiting for our breakfast food to arrive. We ordered our real food at around 150 PM.155 PM: coffee arrives. yay.2PM: we asked for some bread and coffee refills...... Its already 220, still no Beignets (sp), no refills, no bread.  (AND NO FOOD)230 PM: still no food, no bread, no coffee, but YES beignets. 235 PM: party right next to us who arrived 20 minutes after we did and had the same server got their food FIRST... WTH?240 PM: our food finally arrives , but my partner's smoked salmon plate (which does NOT require any cooking whatsoever) has not arrived yet. WTH?Food:Biegnets: Yummy, but not life changing. Similar to the one Grand Luxe servesCoffee: Good.Croque Madame: heavy sauce, but lacking flavor. Brioce bread was excellent though. Bacon: Its really hard to mess it up, right?French Toast: Hybrid between Tiramisu/angel cake consistency. Too much cinnamon! Smoked Salmon plate: eh.The food is not bad, but they definitely need to work on their customer service. WHen we asked for an explanation on why our food took forever, the waiter-in-training tried being sarcastic and gave us a snide response. Seriously? Seriously?
5	The brunch here was amazing. A total of 6 of us arrived at 11:30am on Saturday for brunch. We waited 30 minutes and were seated. The bright atmosphere and the gardens/pool outside were perfect.I had the corned beef hash and it was DELICIOUS! I tried a bite from others and the food was top notch. We had a great time and I would highly recommend this place.
4	Although the dinner is tasty, I recommend going to Bouchon for brunch. The dinner menu is just ok, nothing spectacular. However, brunch is worth trying! The chicken and waffles is a must. And enjoy a cocktail with your meal. I'd recommend making reservations before going, just so you don't have to wait. If not, the wait time is about 30 minuts. Sunday Brunch at Bouchon is a great way to end your weekend in Vegas!
4	Thomas Keller is known for being a freakin' genius and since French Laundry is super expensive, Bouchon is a more cost-effective way to taste Chef Keller's masterpieces. So, I dragged 17 of my closest relatives here to experience one helluva breakfast! Many in my family, by the way, think IHOP is the best breakfast place on earth...*groan* *eyes roll* I hoped this place would give them an eye-opening, revelatory, perspective-altering dining experience!FOOD (And yes, I sampled ALL these dishes):Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde ($25.50) - WHOA. Mussels and fries for breakfast??? Oh hell yeah! I HAD to try it! Fries were cooked and salted perfectly. Tiny mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, and saffron...so tasty, so fresh! After the mussels were devoured, I wanted to grab the egg-shaped metal bowl and gulp down the remaining liquid. The white wine in that liquid was so distinct! Don't worry, I didn't lose my composure, I subtly used my spoon to enjoy the leftover yumminess.Breakfast Americaine ($22) - This was served with two eggs any style, bacon, sausage, and toasted brioche. It also came with your choice of breakfast pastry, juice, and coffee. The most memorable thing about this dish was the surprisingly delicious strawberry croissant that didn't even look like a croissant. It was actually kind of ugly, but when I put a piece of it in my mouth...HOLY MOLY! I was surprised by how tasty it was! Warm, moist, sweet, with a hint of strawberry; soft and crunchy at the same time.Bouchon French Toast ($12) - Brilliantly executed! A French toast cylinder with layers of bread pudding, brioche, custard, and apples. So light! so sweet! So moist! So nice to look at, I almost didn't want to eat it!Gauffres ($12) - Waffles with fresh strawberries, sweetened with maple syrup and vanilla butter. Light, sweet, crunchy! Oh yesssss...Les Oeufs ($13) - Nothing impressive. The scrambled eggs and country sausage were decent. The toasted brioche was good after I covered it with the made-in-house strawberry jam. I am not a fan of fruit preserves, actually I hate them but this strawberry jam was excellent. The potato croquettes were alright. Christopher C said they were good with ketchup.Cinnamon Oatmeal w/Candied Orange Peel & Raspberry Puree ($7) - Bland but it was served in a cute little metal bowl. The raspberry puree was so subtle I could hardly tell it was there. And where was the candied orange peel? I couldn't see or taste it. The raspberries on top added a little flavor. It was a little better when we added the small cup of brown sugar that was included. We experimented and added some strawberry jam and oatmeal was way better!Pecan Sticky Bun ($4.25) - Oh myyyyyy! Topped with crunchy pecans, this bun is very sticky, very sweet, and very good!Hibiscus Champagne Cocktail ($12.50) - I ordered a mimosa but when they brought it, I saw this drink on the tray going to another table and I had to have one too! What a pretty cocktail! The hibiscus was fun to eat! When a person says no to this champagne, they say no to life!SERVICE:We had two waiters all to ourselves. We didn't wait too long for our drinks & food but they seemed to disappear after our food was served. It was hard to flag down our waitress when I wanted another champagne. Also, it took a while for my dad to get his coffee refilled.I was proud of my family for being adventurous and trying something other than Ihop or McDonald's for breakfast. Even though we didn't get stellar service, they enjoyed their breakfast here. I sure LOVED it! After eating top quality food at this restaurant, I would love to eat at French Laundry. Hmmm...I might have to wait to win the lottery.
1	My husband and I ate at Bouchon in Vegas as part of our twentieth wedding anniversary celebration. Expecting an amazing meal given it is a Kheller establishment, we were unfortunately very disappointed.   Our first impression was soured by the two men in suits at the podium when we arrived. We assumed at least one of them was the maitre de, but as neither acknowledged us, we couldnt say. We waited standing literally right in front of the podium for several minutes and neither ever acknowledged us. Finally, a young woman took pity on us and handled our seating. So much for being welcomed at Bouchon. On to the meal....We ordered the bone marrow appetizer. Tasty, but served at room temperature rather than warm which, frankly, was a bit gross.Sardine salad was swimming in oil and no acid at all, ether lemon or vinegar was discernable, to cut all of that oil.  We sent it back. The entrees, trout for hubby and sole for me, were so oversalted, they were barely edible.We did not bother to stay for dessert.
3	I have been waiting for quite some time to return to Bouchon and I am pleased to say that the second trip was far superior. I still have to give it a three though as the seared duck from my first visit still deserves mention and stands out in my memory.It was perhaps the toughest piece of duck I have ever eaten. So lesson learned. Don't order the duck if it is on the menu. I fear it was a frozen breast tha twas quickly thawed and cooked. Maybe not. But it was tough as heck.
4	The lunch and brunch menu is not that big they could use a couple new items, but the pastries are AMAZING !!!
5	Amazing restaurant! We ate here twice in one weekend! Located in the Venetian with its own elevator from the casino level, Bouchon leaves little to be desired. Plates are large and reasonably priced for such decadence and service. The Steak frites was very tender, grilled to perfection, the mussel plate come with a million mussels! Wine-sauce was perfect for the meal. Each plate came with French fries---and a ton at that, the server mentioned that each plate comes with 17 potatoes.Brunch was delicious. The coffee is the best I've had in a long time. We ordered te cheese tasting (honey and cheese and apples)---great! Madame Croque is fun. It's a sandwich with ham, cheese, eggs, wow. We also ordered their famous chicken and waffles. The chicken isn't fried, it's baked. Waffles are cut into quarters and are full of herbs/tasty spices. We loved the syrup and the savory sauce that came with it. Both dishes came with fries!5 stars for an amazing dining experience. I wish I could eat here all the time!
4	Was super excited to come here after having been to the Santa Barbara location and absolutely loving it. Came here with my boyfriend during our last trip to Vegas and had a weekday reservation for 9pm. When we arrived, the place was practically empty. This concerned me, but eh, we went in anyway.The service was awesome--our server was a younger, good looking asian dude (with impeccable posture--military, maybe?), and he was super knowledgeable about the menu, and not at all uppity/snobby. The bussers were like ninjas--water glasses always full but you never saw them. It was magical.The food: **Bone marrow: 5 STARS. SO. GOOD. Fatty meaty fattiness. Served with grilled bread which is seriously the perfect accompaniment. Ours was a rather skimpy portion of marrow, but the flavor was so on point and rich that it was really all you needed. I split this with my boyfriend and wished I had ordered my own. But I'm a fatty, so take that with a grain of salt.**Special Salad: 3 STARS. Bloomsdale spinach with nectarines in a vinagrette. Meh. There are better salads to be had.**Salad with goat cheese (boyfriend's order): 3 STARS. Goat cheese was good, but again, the rest of the salad was just okay--nothing special.**Croque Madame: 5 STARS. HOLY BUTTERY SANDWICH. Toasted brioche with ham and cheese inside, topped with a fried egg (sunny side up, runny yolk), covered in hollandaise. It was intensely rich, but so good. I would suggest serving it with something other than fries since the plate is basically a giant, fatty, carb overload, but regardless, it was awesome. I would totally get that again.**Steak Frites (boyfriend's order): 4 STARS. Kind or a small portion of steak, but really tasty. The meat was tender, but still had a good bite to it. Seasoning was perfect--the butter they serve on top of the beef is awesome. Served with a whopping pile of fries that fills up the plate but makes the small steak look even smaller.**Sorbet: 4 STARS. We ordered 2 flavors--white peach and coconut. Okay, first off, the flavor of the peach sorbet was lovely by very very sweet. It also seemed more like yellow peach than white peach, but that's just hair-splitting. Overall, peach was awesome. The coconut was alright imho--it didn't taste like fresh coconut, rather like shredded coconut. If that's your thing, you'll love it! Boyfriend thought it was really good.Overall, I'd definitely be back, for the awesome service without the uppity attitude, the bone marrow, and the Croque Madame. I'm also dying to try their oyster selection. Next time!P.S. The restaurant can be hard to find if you're not staying at the restaurant. We had to ask around several times before figuring out that you need to go to the self-parking bank of elevators. There's an elevator towards the back there dedicated to bringing you up to Bouchon and some other section of Venetian hotel rooms.
5	Definitely recommend this place. Service is excellent.
1	Do not go here. King of like maggianos. I hate it. Huge factory. We had bad experience with almost everything we ordered. If u love french fries then this is your place.We both got sick after.
4	Came for lunch with a friend.  Had the beignets and their burger.  First time trying beignets and yes, they were really yummy, but is it me, or does it sorta taste like those denser donuts, but fresh...The burger was fresh and probably one of the cleanest tasting burgers I've ever had.  What I mean is that the patty was juicy, but not oily.  There was no mess in the end or greasy feel to it, yet it was a very wholesome burger.  A bit strange, but in a good way.Coupled with the 20% off coupon they gave us at check in, it was not an expensive meal at all!They did, however, double charge my credit card... That's BAD on you, Bouchon!
5	This restaurant never disappoints us.  Until we can afford French Laundry, we'll enjoy Bouchon. Whenever we want good meal, Bouchon is the one to go! Even their french fries are too goood. The ambiance to the food, everything is perfect. At first glace on the menu, everything you see, you have seen before but when you taste it, it's like the first time you've ever eaten it. There is something to be said about doing something that everyone has done before but doing it better. I think dinner here is the way to enjoy Bouchon. Breakfast or Brunch is wonderful but I think the best way to enjoy Bouchon is thier dinner.
5	Excellent Food, what else can I say. We ordered 2 main courses: lamb and muscles and oysters appetizer. I wouldn't change a thing. My Sazerac was also excellent.
4	Appetizer compressed melon with white anchovy was awesome.Then I had the pork belly main.  The pork had zero taste.  It was made sous vide which means that whoever seasoned it screwed up the entire batch.  I returned it.This happened on 7/26.  Whoever is reading this at Bouchon please forward to Keller.  The guy who prepared the pork belly needs to be reamed out.  Keller is arguably the top chef in America.  This was an embarrassment to him and to American cuisine.  I can understand if a dish seasoned at the last minute in the heat of service is off but a sous vide dish?  Basically no salt at all???? Inexcusable.So I returned it (no charge) and got the bone marrow.  The toast was burnt.  OK that happens.  I got new toast.  The bone marrow sauce (red wine vinegar I think) was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Truly spectacular.  Keller is the man.  The chocolate mousse (which was in a terrine) was amazing.The red wine by the glass was too woody.  Get a better producer.  People drink cru bourgogne young - it should not be woody.Keller needs to visit Vegas, get  a megaphone and scream at the staff.  Bouchon is an American treasure.  These kinds of mistakes should not happen.
5	An absolute Must Eat in Vegas! It has been on my list for ages, and I finally made it on my bachelorette trip last weekend. We went for brunch, and it was fantastic. Upon first inspection of the menu it appeared a little over-priced, but then you realize that most meals come with coffee and juice, a pastry, and fresh bread with butter and jam.I had the Breakfast Americane which is two eggs any style, toast, bacon, and sausage. It was quite a lot of food, so much I couldn't even finish it. My sister had the Jambon et Oeufs, which is ham, eggs, toast, and Lyonaisse potatoes -- GET THE POTATOES. They melted in your mouth they were so good.
3	This review is for dinner.  Had some fois gras for the first time.  My palate must not be that sensitive.  It tasted mainly like butter.  $25 for 2.5 oz.  The entrees were decent.  I had some lamb, because they were out of my first choice.  The service could have been a bit better, but overall it was fine.
5	This review is for dinner.  I was between a 4 and a 5, but I rounded up.  I don't have any specific gripes, but maybe I was just expecting something unique.  This is classic cuisine done well, without a "twist."  And that's just fine.Service was helpful without hovering.  Our server helped us make decisions about the cheese plate, and his recommendations were spot on.  The Corpse Reviver cocktail is something that you can't get everywhere, and it was delicious.I had the steak frites, which was classic and delicious.  My buddy had the lamb main, which looked wonderful and she said was great.I would certainly return.  The atmosphere was Vegas-dressy, meaning you'll see the t-shirt/jeans crowd along with those dressed up.  I would feel most comfortable somewhere around business casual land.
5	One of the absolute best meals I've ever had. ever.
4	We sat outside on the patio. It was a beautiful Sunday morning, the perfect ending to a very fun girls weekend. I had the waffles with strawberries and tahitian vanilla bean butter. YUM! My friends had a  puffed pastry breakfast special that they said was delicious.A little overpriced for breakfast food, but its Vegas so its to be expected. Overall a good dining experience. Will definitely be back.
5	I would love to give Bouchon a 4.5, but instead I round up a little to a 5.  French is my fave, so I was really excited to try Bouchon.  We came in a group of 4, with reservations made about 1 hour prior to our arrival on  Saturday night at 8 PM.  We were starving when we arrived and nommed our way through the delicious bread extraordinarily quickly.  The only thing that would have improved the bread would be warm bread.  Two people in our group ordered the french onion soup, and they raved about it.  We ordered a side of marrow and I really enjoyed the way it was seasoned.  We had to ask for extra crostini, which is a pet peeve of mine when serving food that requires a cracker/crostini/etc to eat.  But it was tasty and they brought out the extra crostini without delay.  I shared the goat cheese salad with my husband.  It was exactly what we expected it be, and very tasty.  For our mains, three of us ordered steak frites, and the oddball in our group ordered the veal.  We were already full on bread, salad, soup and marrow so it was hard getting through the main course.  Sadly, no one finished their dishes, despite wanting to desperately.  I really wanted to try dessert but there was just no way it was going to happen.  Maybe next time.  The total bill which included two cappuccinos, 2 glasses of wine, one beer, and one iced tea came to $325 - not bad at all!   Overall, the meal was enjoyable and extremely tasty, the atmosphere was fabulous, the service was impeccable.  The menu is not very exciting, but who needs exciting all the time?  How awesome would it be if every time you went to eat somewhere it was everything you hoped it would be?I cannot wait to come back, eat a little less bread and try dessert. I recommend Bouchon to anyone who loves classic french, or just classically delicious food.
5	This past weekend was my second visit here to Thomas Keller's Vegas Bouchon Restaurant.  I had brunch here with my boyfriend right before our flight out to the Bay Area.  We were seated outside facing the pool on a gorgeous sunny day.  The ambiance was relaxing and classy.  The food was delicious.  I ordered the roasted chicken and waffles.  YUMMY!  The chicken was the most tender I've ever had.  The waffles were savory.  My boyfriend had the corn beef hash.  The servings are generous.  This IS the place to go for brunch.  I've had dinner at the Bouchon in Napa, California.  The quality is consistent among his restaurants, which is great!
5	The atmosphere is sensational!  You can't beat sitting on the patio overlooking the pool for brunch.  The smoked salmon and french toast is very good.
5	This place is great. I wrote a blog post on my experience here. If you're truly interested, you can go read it...but in a nutshell, this place is a must for breakfast, lunch or dinner! We gluttons hit up this place for dinner and breakfast! LOL!http://mintyfoodfanpage.wordpress.com/2012/07/01/poppin-the-bouchon-cork-on-a-popular-bistro/HIGHLY recommend: Breakfast: * Moules-frites (for breffas???? yessssss doooo it! you won't regret it!).* Beignets...or as my friend and i call them, Beign-YAYS!!!!Dinner:* Bone marrow (dude...like, is best! is best.)* Escargot!* Potato Salad (really? yes really....)Would I come back? Oh my my, oh hell yes... ;)
5	From start to finish this meal was one of my favorite things about Las Vegas. The food is exquisite, the ambiance is high class, the service is top notch, and the whole Thomas Keller vibe is something you will not get anywhere else. Vegas is all about indulgences and and Bouchon is the best of them all. A perfect meal at a perfect restaurant.
5	We had dinner here and it was amazing.  My husband had the chicken dish with corn and natural jus and it was spectacular.  A 20 hour brining and roasting process made the skin really crispy and flavorful - he's particular and couldn't stop talking about this.  My dayboat scallop special with the mushrooms and swiss chard and a special vinaigrette were also exceptional.  The french onion soup was a little disappointing but only because it was made with white wine and we prefer the flavor of dry sherry.  The prices are not cheap but this is owned by a world class chef with preparation to match.  These are not dishes you can make at home, Chef Keller deserves his reputation!  We will be back on our next trip to Vegas
1	Thomas Keller should shut this place down if he wants to save his reputation. This restaurant is mismanaged and the food seems like it's right out of the microwave. I visited Bouchon back in 2009 but didn't remember the name when my friend made the reservation. I didn't like it in 2009 and things have gotten worse.If Yelp had negative stars, this is the place to award it.We had a party of 13 last week. The waiter raved about the fresh oysters and how they were flown in daily. We ordered 3 each for apps and 2 out of the 3 oysters were horrible. We were nice and didn't send any back. However we provided some candid feedback. The main courses were all $35+ except for a ham and cheese sandwich. I'd the veal which was so-so. My friends had other specials like salmon, steak and fries, etc. Again, nothing special. They all tasted like food from a chain like Chili's. At the end of the meal, the waiter grabbed the plates and spilled food residue on my head and didn't even notice he had done so. I'd to call him back to tell him. The waiter didn't offer any napkins or anything to help me clean up. He said sorry and left. When I demanded a manager, the manager again only apologized on behalf of the waiter. The manager kept asking me what I wanted. Common now... What I wanted then couldn't be fixed because my hair is dirty, my shirt is stained, and my whole dining experience was ruined. I could have told him I wanted a shower, new clothes and a ride back to my hotel... but it wouldn't be reasonable. If this place was run by a professionals and wanted to be a high end restaurant, the manager would have immediately offered compensation instead of asking me what I want. The manager would have offered a discount or a cab back to my room to clean up, etc. After scolding at the manager, another person came back and waived my $35 plate. Essentially saying we'll feed you if you let us spill dirty food all over you after you've finished your meal. So if you want a real dining experience instead of getting abused and dealing with amateurs, go across the street to the Bellagio's Picasso or any other restaurant.
4	Went for dinner on a Friday night, we were able to get in without a problem.  Reservations (for two) were probably not even required.  Spinach salad was great, yellowtail carpacio was good (I'm more of a traditional sushi eater), steak was great, and the lemon tart was fantastic.
3	How it pains me to write this review just to drop a star off my last review. I love Bouchon. I really do. I frequent the Bouchon in Beverly Hills, but we came here on my last Vegas trip. We were seated on the outside patio and service was completely LACKING. A good amount of time passed before our server even popped up. We placed our orders and she dropped off some jam and butter shortly after. What was missing was the bread. I'm also not sure why we didn't have bread plates because I've always had them on my table on prior visits. Our bread came way later and just a bit before our entrees. My chicken and waffles were great as usual (they've changed it a bit since my last time ordering them. They add bacon and chives to the waffles now). But back to my main point, water glasses would sit empty for a good amount of time before being refilled. It was hard to catch someone's eye to get their attention. We sat around waiting to grab someone's attention just to get a box. I'm not sure if service would have been different inside, but it was extremely lacking at this location compared to my previous visit about a year and a half ago (or to their other locations for that matter).I'll have to give them another chance since I seriously adore their food if I'm in Vegas again, but for now, I'm sticking with the Bouchon in BH for my weekend brunches.Note: They do not take reservations for brunch at this location either.
2	I was flabbergasted at how bad my experience was. Not just the service, but more shockingly the food. At $100+ PP (and we ordered conservatively) I would probably never set foot in this place again sadly.Started off with a clunky server, really scattered and slow. We had to ask for lemons 3 times, asked for a cocktail that never came, we were waiting forever in between courses. It just felt sub-par.As for food, I will say the salads and the wine were really, really good. The wine list is actually pretty amazing if I am being honest. But that is where the happy times ended. My $44 scallops were totally cold and had sand in them. The steak frites were cold. You read that right, not warm, totally cold to the touch. Which for steak and fries isn't the most appetizing. It isn't appetizing at all actually.  We had to do the unthinkable and send it back to be heated up, and then it went unfinished. After this lackluster showing, we skipped dessert and will be skipping Bouchon Vegas ever after. Mon Ami Gabi at Paris hotel blows it out of the water.
2	A disappointment to say the least.  The evening started off with a so so greeting from the hostess.  The lighting at the table was so dim I had trouble reading it(can you get rid of the menu printed on that ridiculous brown paper?)  The waitress seemed nervous as if it was her first day. To all,make sure your dental work is in good order to chomp through the bread.  The pate was so so,the onion soup mediocre. I had the mussels which were ok at best,a number of them did not open when cooked and a number were gritty. My dining companion had the trout which was alright but nothing to rave over. We had to ask to have our wine refilled. We did not stay for dessert or coffee,we figured it just would be on a par with the rest of the meal.  Needless to say we won't be back. Bouchon get your act together,
4	Whenever I visit Vegas, I make sure I have breakfast here. I love their pastries, their corned beef hash is delicious and home-made. The coffee is perfectly brewed. The service is outstanding.  The French Toast is a one of a kind dish that keeps me coming back.
5	Between Bouchon and Bouchon Bakery, I managed to have Bouchon at least 5 times in 1 week.Buy the cookbook.So many good things on the menu.  Bone marrow is a nice healthy, fatty portion.  I love the garlicky spinach.  And there was peanut butter ice cream.  YUM.Lunch menu is also good.  And very generous portions.  I'd rather get Bouchon lunch to go at Venetian than get stuck with crappy Wolfgang Puck at the pool.Macaroons are wonderful.  As are the bouchon bites (chocolate brownie things).
3	It must have been an off day.Yes, I was not in a healthy state to be eating my food but had my sore throat been gone, I'm sure I would have had the same reception to the French Toast before me. Petite, cinnamon, tart... a flavor combination I am not fond of. My other friend who was perfectly fine didn't seem to care for the toast either.What I can assess is that the service was particularly slow that day. I felt like everyone around us was getting tended to but us. When I had my water refilled, the waiter unknowingly allowed all the condensation from the pitcher to drip down onto my pants. As far as the food, no one professed that their dish was out of this world and for that reason, I have to give it an A-OK rating.
5	Chicken and waffles....enough said....not fried and instead rotisserie, which I prefer. The chicken is very flavorful and cooked perfectly falling off the bone. The waffles are also made perfectly with a little bit of crispiness and softness. The combinations is ridiculous...simply put...DELICIOUS!
3	I was extremely excited for this place because it was Thomas Keller's restaurant but I thought the experience was mediocre. The ambience is fantastic--great lighting and set-up but I was not too impressed by the food. The octopus salad I had was quite nice and interesting but it was a bit too tart. The french onion soup was a bit too salty. Their carrot soup was quite nice though. For my main dish, I got the Sole Mariniere which was beautiful in looks but was drenched in their salty veggie broth. I am Vietnamese so I don't have a sensitive palate but this was really overdoing it.The rest of the table ordered the Poulet Roti (roasted chicken), Veal Chateaubriand(seared veal loin), and Steak Frites (pan-seared flatiron). They were pretty good but nothing spectacular. Overall, I was disappointed by the lackluster dining experience for such an expensive meal.
5	INSANELY delicious...trout...what?? Cannot even describe how good this was...Octopus salad...fabulous. Service fantastic. Thank you Michael...we are only upset because we didn't have time for brunch the next morning. Oh oh we must return!!!
4	I'll be the first to admit, I think "foodie" is a dirty word and don't belong to any celebrity chef cult of personality:  I'd rather prefer to enjoy food than to turn it into some sort of hobby .  As the Big Pun' so eloquently put it:  "I'm not a playah, I just crush a lot."  Stuff I crushed and wished I could have crushed more:  the petit plateau (seafood platter with oysters, clams, mussels, lobster) was fantastic. Stuff I crushed but may not crush again:  main course was not too impressive:  the lamb was great but the grilled polenta that came with was kinda tasteless -- it didn't add much to the dish other than to provide some visual contrast on the plate.  Was running tight for a show, so didn't really have time to do dessert justice, but the raspberry cobbler was really good.  Service was on point.I haven't been to the French Laundry so have no basis for comparison, but my overall experience was a little "meh," mostly because of the main course and the compressed timeframe, which is really no fault of the restaurant.  A solid four stars seems honest.
4	You know the restaurant is fancy when you ask for poached eggs and they offer them hard or soft.. haha.  Consider yourself warned, this place is $$$$.We ordered:- Sourdough waffles awesome!  Never had them, would DEFINITELY have them again if I'm in the area! - Poached eggs (single order = $3/each) sit pretty on a piece of toast.- French toast - It's more of bread pudding french toast with caramelized apples and it's 2-3 inches high!  It'll definitely pass for the sweet tooth lover in your life - this entree can actually pass as a dessert serving as well.  I thought it was overly sweet..I love the feel of this place.. it feel small but is spacious and has a really high ceiling.  Their service is great too!
3	**BRUNCH REVIEW ONLY**After watching their segment on Anthony Bourdain, me and my boyfriend had to try this place out during our vacation in Vegas.  Despite its popularity, we were mildly disappointed.FOIS GRAS ($25/2.5oz jar): This appetizer was our favorite part of the meal and came with crunchy baguette bread.  The fois gras was flavorful, rich, and melted in your mouth.CROQUE MADAME ($19): Basically a fried egg on a ham and cheese sandwich with a ton of fries.  This entree was standard and not worth the price in my opinion. It was recommended in 200 reviews, but I'm not sure why...BREAFAST AMERICAINE ($22): 2 eggs any style, bacon, country sausage, fries, pastry, and coffee.  VERY standard, nothing was special enough to make my taste buds want more.CAPPUCINO: although I ordered a warm beverage, it came with a straw? Service was friendly.  I would suggest not sitting outside like we did because the umbrellas did not really block us from the sun... we ended up having to change tables.Overall, I expected more from a restaurant this renowned and fancy!
5	This was among the most wonderful meals I have ever had.  I had the poulet roti ,and my wife had the (huge) pork chop special, which I also tasted.  Excellent service, top quality food and a full bar from which to order drinks.  It doesn't get much better than this, and I've been to some of the finer restaurants in Paris!
5	Amazing food, ate here three times in my las vegas stay, it was that good.
3	Super overpriced for mediocre food. I ordered the croque madame with a side salad and fries. The croque madame was good but the bechamel sauce was way too creamy. The fries and salad were decent, nothing special. The server was so busy catering to the table next to us with a table of drunk guys, and she never came to check up on us. She would literally just walk by the table without even looking at us. It took us about 10 minutes to get her attention so we could ask for the check. I have never been to the Bouchon in Yountville, but my boyfriend says that the one in Vegas does not even compare to that one. I could definitely see that.Maybe the dinner menu is better, but I was pretty unimpressed with our brunch.
4	The food was good, but I'm not sure that the prices were in line with the quality of the food.
2	Insanely slow.  All they did was apologize.They got my order wrong too.Soupe Provencal very bland. Took a while to get our waiter to bring some salt & pepper for it.Strawberry tart, meh.  Was bitter as the orange pate sucree had too much rind.  Johnny cake cobbler had a very strong flour taste, yuck.The Bouchon cocktail at the BH location is better.  Plus the butter here isn't honey butter.Still... Overall not bad, especially for Vegas.  The Julia Child promotional prix fixe was a good deal.  The pork portion was huge, almost disgustingly so.  Desserts were also quite big.
5	Ate here twice during my stay - dinner and the famous weekend brunch. Both times, very delicious. I will definitely remember the meals as some of the most fresh/ flavorful dishes I've had.Service the first time was unremarkable, but the second time was outstanding. I feel like his name is Doug, but I am unsure. The pastries are a delight, the chicken and gnocchi were delicious too.Be sure to check the book in your rooms if you're staying in the Venetian/ Palazzo - there is a coupon that if you eat anytime as a hotel guest, you receive 15% off. The one in the coupon book the mean people at the Venetian give you is only good from Monday - Friday 7 am - 1 pm.
2	I've heard a lot of good things about Bouchon's brunch, but I must say I was a little let down while I was there the last time I was in Vegas. Although the restaurant is difficult to find, it is a rather lovely setting whether you're sitting inside or outside. This time in particular I sat outside and throughout the entire brunch we probably only saw our server 3 times.We were seated and it took about 15 minutes for anybody to even approach us. We saw a male server hitting up all the tables around us except for ours. Finally a woman approaches our table and takes our orders. I asked for a coffee that took a while to get to the table. I decided on getting the corned beef hash with two eggs, which was recommended by our server and although the food came out in a timely manner, I didn't find anything particularly special about this dish. It was even a little bland and I wanted to ask for hot sauce but our server was out of sight for most of our brunch. When I was finally full and we were all ready to go, our server came back to check on us to see if we needed anything else. I'm sure there is a reason why people love this place, but I didn't see it the first time I was there. Food and service just wasn't up to par the day I was there.
1	Seriously disappointing. Everything our table got for dinner was bland, gross, and way overpriced. The waiter was condescending at times. The environment isn't anything special. My friend got food poisoning. We all felt jipped and sad and it really ruined our Saturday night.
4	Thomas Keller, you are fantastic; and I can say the same about Bouchon. Came for brunch. Bouchon is located on the second floor of the Venetian. Beautiful, bright atmosphere. A great way to end a weekend in Vegas. Please note that they do not take reservations for brunch.- Bouchon French Toast/   Layers of brioche, custard and apples. Light, moist bread pudding consistency. Indulgent and sweet.- Escargot a la Bourguignonne/   Topped with a fluffy puff pastry which was a nice compliment to the buttery escargot.- Pastry Basket/  Choose 4 pastries. I recommend the cheese danish and raspberry beignets. Heaven.Recommended for brunch!
4	Brunch here is the BEST!  If I'm in Vegas on a Sunday, this is my top choice for brunch. The pastry basket is wonderfully prepared and dishes are well executed. To get Keller quality w/o the French Laundry pricing is a bargain right there. If you're in a hurry and want to get some baked goods to-go, there is also a separate Bouchon Bakery on the casino floor.
5	My husband and I went here for breakfast during the first day of our honeymoon. We were considering visiting Napa and I really wanted to go to one of Keller's restaurants , so eating here was high on the list for dining in Vegas for me.I ordered the sourdough waffles and a side of bacon, my husband the breakfast american with a strawberry croissant, one of the daily specials, as his pastry. We both got coffee and his meal came with juice.The coffee was good but didn't stick out in anyway other than tasting relatively freshly brewed. No burnt coffee, yay! The waffles, served with syrup, vanilla bean butter, and strawberries, were fantastic. It was especially glorious to have all three together on a bite of waffle, the flavors melding together. The effect was a light sort of sweetness that wasn't too heavy or overwhelming. Possibly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. The bacon was...bacon. And there was a lot of it. It was actually bordering on too much bacon.I got a bite of the husbands croissant, which was also incredibly delicious. It had a think layer of strawberry jam and was topped with a crumb topping and served warm. The fresh, tart flavor of the jam kept the pastry from being overwhelming rich. It was really tasty and I wish we had brought some home. Husbands eggs were over easy, cooked perfectly, and he said the flavors in his sausage were very good too.Would have gone back a few more times were it not so damned far from our hotel.
4	I was a little out of my element at this high class restaurant but it was worth the trip.  We went for breakfast and tried the Chicken and Waffles.  The baked chicken and gravy was fantastic.  The service was top notch.
4	My boyfriend and I had no idea what to eat for brunch so I used my handy dandy Yelp app and found Bouchon.We made our way from Caesar's Palace to the Venetian. From the doors of the Venetian we went up the escalator and walked to the end of the corridor.We were seated immediately in a gorgeous dining area with the view of the patio. I ordered the french toast and my boyfriend had eggs, toast, bacon and sausage. A pastry of your liking and coffee was also included with his meal. The french toast was delicious and just what I needed to start my day, not to mention nicely prepared.The service here was kind and quiet.
4	Good food, service is great.Have been here twice for breakfast and had two good meals.  Drinks are a little pricey but hey, it's Vegas.
3	ckn n waffles..it was ok..bland waffles..super salty ckn...sad..the jelly was good..the vanilla bean butter from the ckn n waffle was good..the corn beef hash wasn't bad..egg was good..i think i ordered the wrong thing..service was ok..and pretty much the tea was good..the whole environment is nice..classy..a bit expensive tho..
3	I'm giving a 3-star rating because I love Bouchon, (both Napa and Vegas) but we had a not-so-great experience this time.  If I were to rate this visit only, I'd give it a 2.  The wife and I were staying at The Venitian and we had plans to go to Bouchon anyway but as guests of the hotel we had a 15% off coupon.  Even better.  Well we went for brunch and put our names in.  We were told it would be about a 20 minute wait.  After waiting about 10 minutes I see a couple that arrived just after us get sat.  I asked the hostess how much longer the wait would be and was told there were still a few people ahead of us.  I said, "But you just sat those 2 and we were here before them."  We ended up getting sat quickly after but I guess I should have taken the seating mix-up as a bit of foreshadowing.Our waitress took her time getting to us, so much so that our busser came over and took our drink order.  When she finally came around she was a bit stand-offish and didn't give much eye contact.  Perhaps when she saw the coupon she assumed that we were cheap and wouldn't be tipping her well.  I ended up not tipping her well but that was because her service sucked not because of the coupon.  I'm sure that once she saw the tip she thought to herself,"I knew those people weren't gonna tip me."  Oh well.  I don't remember her name but she was a heavyset caucasian woman with brown hair in a pony tail working the Saturday brunch shift.  Look out for her folks, she's a bit snooty.
4	Fabulous place to have a lovely breakfast while in Vegas!  Food and service are always spot on and I love eating outside when the patio is open.
5	I've been trying to get to this place for awhile now and it is definitely worth it.  What's even better is that there is something for everyone.  Prices range from $12-30.HIbiscus cocktail (4.5/5) This was nice and not too sweet. The candied flower was pretty tastey.Orange juice (5/5) Fresh squeezed, sweet and crispSteak Hash (4/5) This was good, but not as good as the next twoCorned Beef Hash (5/5) Finely diced and on the dainty side but the flavor is all there!Croque Madam (5/5) Super good, it's obvious why this is the staple.  Abundance of french fries.Gravlax (4/5) DIY plate and although it was good, you can get this elsewhere.Will definitely be back!
4	One of the best breakfast places on the strip.  It is a rather formal place so not quite the usual hangover breakfast that people have in vegas.  As a local however I do get the opportunity to have non hungover weekends and so I was able to enjoy the scrumptiousness of their bakery and cooking.  The daily specials are something worth paying attention to as they are made fresh that morning.
4	Th dining experience was wonderful here at Bouchon.  I actually had outdoor sitting which was wonderful evening it is.  The waiter were very helpful and their bread & butter is to die for.  We ordered a seafood tower which has lobsters, oysters, shrimps, clams, Alaskan crabs & mussels.  It was the freshest seafood I ever had in Vegas.  The shrimp was so sweet and lobsters was great.  I also had the sear foie gras and the taste of it was amazing.  But I did also had the French Onion soup which I didn't care for so much....
3	I was very impressed with the service, and I give them a 5.  Our waiter was great, and his team was phenomenal, and what I really appreciated is that they were nice to us, and didn't rush us, and were happy to answer our questions.  The food was pretty good, but if you are really into food, and can hold your own in a kitchen, you might be a little disappointed, because you will be able to cook these dishes just as well as the restaurant.  Overall it was a great experience, we had fun, and all the dishes were well prepared.  Considering the vast size of the restaurant, the huge number of patrons they go through in a night, the consistency is just amazing.  I did not taste the seafood and I regret it now after reading the other reviews.  So please use another review if you intend to order a seafood tower.  To sum up, eat here if you value service and a great dining experience.  If you value food first, you might be a little disappointed, but will still have a good meal.
1	FOOD POISONING FROM OYSTERS I dined there on Tuesday September 4th with my boyfriend. We had oysters and a Sancerre. I had been skeptical of eating oysters in the desert but I called Bouchon and the hostess asked the kitchen and reassured me that they're flown in fresh every day. Alas, I got food poisoning and couldn't eat for the rest of the week. Look up "DSP." Yep, that's what the ER told me I got. In fact it's Sunday now and I'm just barely turning the corner. Dining here dampered my Vegas vacation to say the least.
4	Don't get me wrong...when in Vegas, loosen up that belt and hit the buffet scene. However, quality not quantity should also be on the agenda. My friends and I decided to try Thomas Keller's Bouchon bistro restaurant at the Venetian. Unfortunately, we were not able to have what the state of California regards as an illegal substance, Foie Gras. Only a large serving was available at our late dining hour...unsure if the rest of our party wanted it, so we passed on it. My family and I had the Fennel soup, Escargots in a puff pastry, Mussels, Steak en Frites and what every foodie can't do without...Macaroni and cheese...well my 6 year old had to eat something. Nonetheless, this M&C definitely did not taste like something out of a blue and yellow box...the different cheeses used made for a very tasty mac n cheese that any adult wouldn't mind having. The fennel soup was very good and the escargots were very tasty. Mussels have never really been a favorite of mine but my wife said they were excellent...I did try one or two and the broth it came in and I must say it pretty good. The steak I had was great..tender, lots of flavor and yes, it was actually cooked medium as I liked, but many places do not seem to get right. A very good dinner indeed...next time Foie Gras no matter what.
5	I stopped by on Labor Day to try their Famous Fried Chicken!I had wanted to try for many years but never had the chance since they only serve it on special occasions.So when I heard that Bouchon was serving their famous chicken, I quickly reserved a table.I arrived at 6 and was seated in a great table by the window......the restaurant is decored as a French Bistro should be.......drak woods all around with alot of detailing.When I sat down, I said, no menu needed, bring out the fried chicken meal.  For 36.00, I was served with 3 large pieces of chicken, macaroni and cheese, buttermilk biscuit and collared greens.The greens, biscuit  and mac and cheese were ok......nothing special....but the fried chicken was awesome....very flavorful and super juicy and tender.I probably would not go to Las  Vegas just to eat the chicken, but if it was being served, and I am already here.....I am back!
4	Got the assorted pastry basket. Fantastic. The berry fruit salad, also good. This place is solid on baked goods.Tip: they don't take reservations, but you CAN call and get an idea on the current wait before trekking out there.
4	What a delicious place to dine!  We were in town with friends for a wedding and were just looking for a change of scenery by heading over to the Venetian, we got that and more!  It was about 12:30 so we had the brunch.  Very short wait for a table. We got seated outside in this lovely courtyard which really added to our experience.  We ordered the following:Croque MadameWafflesBreakfast special with french toastBloody Mary Gin FizzFunny story on the gin fizz's....apparently bartender had never made before but he was more then willing to learn and along the way, our friends said they were the best they had ever had! We were very happy with the service, found them to be just the right amount of attentive and the food....delicious.  I have never had Frites so perfectly seasoned before in my life and the Croque Madame was heavenly, especially if you had the egg on top over easy so that when you cut into it, the yolk just blends wonderfully with the bechamel.  I saw a review on here that said the bechamel was too creamy.  Ummm....it's bechamel!!  Simply divine.    Also, most delicious Bloody Mary I have ever had.We were quite pleased and I for one can't wait to get back here for a different meal to try. See the pictures of what we had to eat, there is no shortage of them!
4	I have been trying to get here for brunch for a long time and never get up on time, but we decided to have dinner here.  We were sat by the fountain outside, and I loved it, it was romantic, just a little loud cuz it is a big fountain :) Our server(s) were wonderful, took their time with us, treated us so well... I fell deeply in love with the bread and butter, I tried the foie gras because I have never had it and anthony bordain said it is the best thing in life once I think... :) I liked it, I am glad I tried it, but I would actually like the bread and butter by the ton next time... I ordered the lamb, and I LOVED the pain purdue it came with, it tied the meal together so well... but the sweetness of the rest of the dish was a little more that I liked. The hubby had the steak frites, and it was very good, different than what he expected, but good... Those fries are great!!  I will be back for sure, I love the menu, the setting, etc.  I think it just missed a five though, it was great, but not amazing...
5	Thomas Keller, I really wish you were there! I love Thomas Keller cookbooks, but never had the chance to visit his restaurants.  Bouchon is the first, and the food and service are overwhelmed in a good way.  I had a great time in this restaurant with my friends.  My friend and I share the appetizer special and entree special.  Yummmmm, super delicious.  The smoke salmon is amazing.  Prime rib just cooked so well.  They really can make food delicious.  Also, my friends love the butter.  We can have non-stop bread with butter all day long.  Bouchon is Bouchon, make every little detail so perfect.Just can't wait to go to other Thomas Keller's restaurants.
4	A friend and I went back for brunch this time--no reservations but only a 30 minute wait when we got there around 11:30am. :) Not bad! This was on Sunday over Labor Day weekend.We shared Classic Beignets, she ordered the Eggs Benedict special (artichoke hearts, heirlooms tomatoes and other veggies), and I got the chicken and waffles. We also each ordered mimosas!Okay, the food was awesome. I want to eat those beignets every. single. day. for the rest of my life. Seriously. They come with nutella and homemade jam! How can you go wrong?? They're also the lightest and fluffiest beignets I've ever eaten. FIVE STARS for those!Special Benedict: I only tried a bite, but the bite I did have was awesome. perfectly creamy sun-dried tomato hollandaise! Also, the potatoes that came with her dish were awesome. Not sure what they were called, but they were cubed and looked/tasted deep-fried. :D 4 STARS! She also ordered a side of bacon, which was generous, and TASTY, though can you really go wrong with bacon?Chicken and Waffles: omg. HOW do they keep that chicken so moist and tender and delicious?! Best roasted chicken ever. The waffles were good, but for having bacon and chives inside, were a little light in the flavor department. Doesn't matter though, because the gravy that's served with the dish (alongside your typical maple syrup, which I passed on) is AMAZING. Rich but tart, with pieces of fatty meat (I'm thinking pork belly?) and little chunks of indiscernible veggies. Incredible flavor. 5 STARS, easy.Mimosas were 12.50 each, which I thought was steep, but I guess that's Vegas for you! No stars off for this, but I'll pass on the mimosas next time.As for ambiance, it could have been a teeny bit better. We were seated outside (no one asked if we wanted to or not), and while I LOVE dining al fresco, sweet baby jesus, THIS IS VEGAS. THE DESERT. How can you seat people outside when it's 100 degrees out?! No outdoor fans/misters either, just umbrellas and the shade of the hotel. 1 star off for this.Overall, I'll definitely be back, if only to stuff my face with those sweet, heavenly beignets, covered with nutella and jam.
3	Good not great food. Did not quite live up to expectations. Nice atmosphere. Simple in approach. Great chef not clearly evident on the plates. Not bad by any measure just no wow factor
3	We had dinner here before our table at Tao. It is conveniently located at the Venetian and has a great atmosphere. It is a nice French restaurant but not stuffy or pretentious. They make it quite clear Mark Hopper is the chef. The drink menu was superb and I greatly enjoyed trying a few concoctions. I also loved their cheese plate. But this is where my love affair ends. I ordered the beef tenderloin for dinner and it was awful. I literally ate 3 bites. The fries on the side were my savior. Most places, especially if they are nice, would notice that I had only eaten 3 bites and ask what was wrong. But our waiter did not. He simply removed the dish, which was pretty much untouched. For a $35 entree, I would at least like an inquiry. I don't think I would eat here again, but maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
2	The trout almondine was good, but only Vegas Good. Vegas Good means okay food and okay service at twice the price. We can get way better grub served by cute French waiters at Cafe Beaujolais in LA. When I dine out of town, I want tasty, exciting and new. Bouchon's pricey faux-French pretension just made me realize: There's no place like home.
3	Shit was overrated and overpriced. I am a big fan of Thomas Keller restaurants and I'm from napa and have been to bouchon in Yountville before. The menu is pretty much the same but I just think that this restaurant doesn't compare to the original in the valley.... Here's what we had...1/2 dozen raw oysters... These were yummy and very fresh.I had the Poulet Roti, which came with Bacon Lardon, sweet corn, arugula and onion confit. The dish was good but not anything great. At the end of it I was thinking to myself "Dammit! why didnt I get the Croque Madame?!"The Steak and Frites... Left a lot to be desired. The best thing about the dish was the French fries. The steak lacked great flavor and the carmalized onion overpowered the protein. A big no no. I probably wouldn't come back to Bouchon  Las Vegas unless it was a company paid meal lol. FYI the service wasn't great. We saw our surver once, only once in over 2 hours. our busser was too busy talking to some chicks in the back and we had to ask for steak knives and fill my own water (which I'm ok with) but I worked in fine dining and I know what good and great service is and this wasn't it.
4	A must every time we are in Vegas. I love the bread you receive while waiting for your food.. I can overdose on that complimentary bread, butter, and jam!!! I tried the french toast and it was rich and deliscious-it really is dessert for breakfast! My hubs had a basic breakfast-eggs, toast, protein-that was fine too. The fresh pressed espresso was for real! It is strong-the way it should be! I can't waitto return to Vegas to eat here again!
4	I absolutely looove this place!!!!!!!Terrine de foie gras...OMG! I could've finished all 5 oz to myself if I didn't eat a bunch of other stuff. Their crispy finger-sized toasts made the perfect companions.Grand plateau....this is their 3-tiered humongous seafood combination platter that include cocktail shrimps, 3 types of raw oysters (including Kumamoto), raw clams, mussels and lobsters! My favorites were the Kumamoto oysters...they were the perfect size (abt a one dollar coin), so creamy and super fresh! Yummmm!!House special short rib...tender, delicious and FULL of flavor!! It's laid on top of a bed amazingly flavored mushrooms that's been reduced in wine and their special sauce. Salade de Cresson d'Endive....delicious and refreshing with perfectly seasoned vinaigrette and walnuts.Veal Chateaubriand...extremely tender cuts of meat but flavor was nothing too memorable.Escargot a la Bourguignonne...braised burgundy snails with garlic butter under Bouchon's puffed pastry. Fantastic but very heavy on the butter....the richness of the butter and the pastry may turn some off.   And for desserts!!!! The dark chocolate mousse and the pot de creme are must-tries!!! Perfectly rich and creamy!! If you're a chocolate lover...you will not be disappointed with chocolate mousse!!!! Warning...will induce foodgasms!!! ;DOverall...even though Bouchon has multiple locations and a commercialized chef (still very respected)...the food at this Vegas location is Fantastic!!! Especially if you know what to order....and if you don't, ask the friendly server and give him/her some specific descriptives of what you favor and seek. Bon Appetit!! :D
4	At Bouchon, we were seated immediately at a lovely banqette facing tall, French doors with arched windows, which let in a lot of natural light.  This restaurant is very much like a French bistro, except for the high ceilings, and it glimmers enchantingly with lots of glass and mirrors.  There is a massive pewter and mahogany bar that, despite its scale, makes you feel you could have a very intimate conversation while draped over the rails.  The lighting is deliberately dim and a bit filmy, rather like the kind of light emitted from gas wall sconces.  There is mahogany millwork throughout.  The stunning blue Copenhagen floor tiles from Grenada Tile completed the interior; I immediately thought and felt like I was in Paris when I walked through the door.  I ordered the salmon rillettes--exquisite--and enjoyed that with a glass of Lucien Albrecht Cremant d'Alsace.  I also sampled the gravlax plate, a rather straightforward presentation, but the salmon was silky and lovely.   My husband, ever the "breakfast anytime" guy, ordered a sky-high plate of toast, pommes frites and beautifully fried eggs with the most enormous portion of bacon I've ever seen.  It must have been a full quarter-pound, cooked.  The service was lovely and as attentive as we needed it to be.  I lingered over my second glass of wine, a Sancerre, soaking up the ambiance and watching all the fabulous, beautiful food that whisked efficiently by my table.
5	Probably one of the yummiest dinners that I ever had. Service was a little neglectful at times, despite the open tables. I give it an excellent rating because the food and atmosphere was great!
2	We had breakfast at Bouchon mid-morning. The staff was accomodating, but, tried way too hard (came off a bit pretentious).It was worth a try (we were staying at Palazzo), but, I do not think we would return.
1	Over hyped....Disliked the overly priced food that was "meh" at best......Disliked that I was seated so close to the next people. I could hear their entire conversations and if I looked SLIGHTLY to the my left or right I was starring right at their faces. Increadibly ackward for an intimate evening..
3	So convenient if you're staying at the Venetian, which we did.  The Venetian even gave us a coupon.  Having nothing to prove to anyone, we were like "H#$% YEAH, let's go!  Let's be fancy and save money."Entering the dining room, we were like "ooohh, fancy."  It was so French theme-y, I thought I was on a Disney cruise. After that, not too impress.  The service was good, but I've had better.The brunch food was good, but nothing great or memorable.The Corned Beef Hash ($18) was alright.  Kind of whatevers actually.  I tried my friends' plates and didn't really love anything either.  We also ordered Beignets ($7) and it was good.  First time I've had beignets and I wasn't too impressed.  Since then I've had beignets in New Orleans.  Bouchon definitely falls short.I've eaten here.  I've moved on.  If I do eat here again, it wouldn't be for brunch.
5	This place exceeded my expectations.  Came here in a party of 8 and was seated for brunch in about 30 minutes.  Our table was near a bright window.The prices aren't cheap, but the portions really are more than adequate.  The complimentary bread was good, but a bit hard.  It came with nice raspberry jam and butter.  My orange juice tasted super fresh.Everyone seemed to enjoy their food -- the country breakfast is $25 but comes with eggs, biscuit, meat, gravy, and buttery grits.  Yum!  I got the salmon baguette plate, which was very fresh.  The others at the table seemed to enjoy the chicken and waffles, corned beef hash, etc.  I'd say the only dish that was not super mindblowing was the french toast that someone let me try... plus it pretty much just stands alone like a dessert (though it looks/tastes like one).We also ordered beignets, which were more like doughnuts.  They come three to an order but are fairly large.  The insides were warm and soft and came with nutella and raspberry jam.Staff was very nice, though a bit slow at some points (like bringing the check).  But the point is to enjoy your food and company, right?  The five-star rating is mostly for the overall experience, I've had slightly better selection and similar food at other breakfast places, but the overall experience was a 5.
3	Fine place to go if you want a casual dinner but don't expect much more.  Well priced, many options, everything good but nothing amazing.  Loud atmosphere, service fine. If you're looking for a more celebrity chef type restaurant you can easily find better options.
2	Mediocre. That best sums up my experience. However, it should be noted that I just came back from Paris so perhaps my expectations were higher. That said, I have tried French food in the states. As such, I can't go beyond two stars. I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough. The breads were not up to par, the vegetables over saturated, and the meat run of the mill, with no distinction in flavor.  It's like they have a few template dishes and they remake it over and again, with varying quality. To me, the appeal of French cuisine is that a lot of attention and care is focused on the nuance of flavors and the artistry of the final product. I feel like this restaurant is more focused on giving Americans the image of French food but not the substance. But I guess this is fitting, as it is in Las Vegas (note the fake eiffel tower, european replicas). So in that respect, this Bouchon is every bit as kitschy as the place it's located. While Las Vegas' kitsch is part of its charm, this doesn't quite work for Bouchon. Even the staff appear to be part of the spectacle, ad hoc accents all over the place.  Hopefully, someone comes in and will rescue this place from being cruise ship fare  and turn it into a good option for French food on the  strip.
2	Quite pricey for the food that they serve there.We ordered the fries since they got some raves fro Anthony bourdane.  They are just normal fries you can get anywhere for 3 times as much.  The steak was slightly chewy, not much flavor.  I also had the bouillabaisse soup.  Pretty bland.  The steam mussels left something to be desired.  My 5 yr old son fished the melon procsuto and said he liked it.I would not come back.
5	This place is the real deal with a beautiful dining room, a professional wait staff, and the food and wine is outstanding. My wife loves duck and it was perfectly prepared. I had the sea ass and the waiter helped me pair a glass of wine. We laso had dessert and the waiter had the staff pick a perfect dessert wine to go with our dessert. Just perfect. You will love it.
1	Oh darn. I wanted this experience to be every bit as good as Napa. Au contraire. They forgot we were waiting for our 7:45 reservation and were finally seated at 9:00. We ordered a bottle of wine and our meal. The frise salad with egg atop was interesting and tasty. I ordered the bone in ribeye and my friend ordered the lamb. I ordered the meat at 9:15 and it finally arrived at about 10:30! And was overcooked! I sent it back and the manager comped the meal...as he should have. As we left, we noticed the restaurant wasn't even full. So maybe it was the biggest screw up if the night. Who knows? But suffice it to say I will not be going back. They did the right thing but my friend said his lamb was "tough"! Wait, this is Thomas Keller's restaurant. The originator of sous vide. How could we have received anything tough!? So, I think we have a clear case of management not paying attention to detail. And that is sad. We heard another table complaining too. So I think you should give Bouchon a miss in Vegas and go to Napa where the food was incredible!
3	I wasn't really impressed here. I went with some friends and it was billed and being the real deal. I don't know, it felt for the price average. So many great places to eat around here and this being as expensive as most anything, I felt like it could have been better. I had the lamb and it was good but a really petite portion. Drinks were over priced and the service was okay but didnt impress me. So, overall I wouldn't go back. However, the venue is really cool sitting outside in the center of that tower is a nice treat.
5	Thomas Keller never disappoints! The fries are great... the mussels are even better!
5	SO...... I watch all these cooking shows on TV, I know the name of all the hot-shot chefs, but I've never, until now, been to one of their restaurants.It's safe to say that after the experience we had at Bouchon, I am inspired to visit more high-end restaurants like these once in awhile.Bouchon was a big treat for us, we don't normally splurge quite that big for dinner, but we were out celebrating our birthdays, we were going to see the Blue Man Group and so I ended up making reservation at Thomas Keller's Bouchon.Being that we never splurge like this, we had decided that price wouldn't be a concern, we knew it would be pricey but to order whatever dish we wanted, it was a special treat after all.After running in circles around the Venetian we finally found Bouchon!  We were greeted very nicely and promptly seated at a table where we immediately were served water and introduced to our waiter who explained every dish so that our mouths were watering before even having seen the menu!We ended up ordering a gnocchi with chicken and some kind of cream sauce, along with a carrot soup (well it had a fancier name than that....it was kind of like a vichyssoise.) and I, of course, HAD to get the french onion soup.  Why dine at a top notch french restaurant without finding out what a top notch french onion soup would taste like?For dinner I ordered the Bouchon steak it had, for a lack of a better common term, something reminiscing of potatoes au gratin, but the potatoes were shaved and stacked into a square with sauce between .... (I'm not fancy chef, so I can't remember the term for everything lol....).  My husband had the flank steak with french fries.Now, before we even got to the food, they served us fresh baked bread, it was delightful!! Soft in the middle, crispy crust.... just like it should be! Butter came with it AND warmed pistachios!  I'd take a warm pistachio, eat it and then eat some bread and the flavor from the pistachio carried over to the bread, it was divine. Can't stop dreaming about it ;-) lol.The rest of the food was also magnificent.  Have you had french fries that melt in your mouth??? Never! (Well, now I have.... thanks Bouchon!) Steaks, of course cooked to perfection.  For dessert, they happened to have my very favorite one on special for the day, Creme Brulee!   It was perfect.  Sugary top that cracked when we poked our spoon through it, cream velvety vanilly goodness overflowing..... The service was of course impeccable. Every time I took a drink of water, the glass was topped off again.  After awhile I almost felt bad drinking any more, because the poor guy kept running back with the water jug after each sip! :)Pricey? Yes. But we went for the experience of tasting a master chef's cuisine and for the atmosphere.  For one night and one night only, we didn't care much about the bottom line.  If you come to a fancy eatery like Bouchon, do yourself a favor and forget about the price.  Order what you want to taste because THAT is what you will remember for the rest of your life.   I would definitely come back, I do recommend that if you are out to try an upper class type of restaurant with good food, Bouchon is a good one for sure :)So put your blinders on for one night, make your reservation at Bouchon and treat yourself to a mouthful or two of Thomas Keller's excellent cuisine.  You will enjoy it.
3	Bouchon is one of those places that everyone hypes up and says is amazing but sometimes its not that great.Came here for dinner because we watched Phantom of the Opera and there was a coupon to 25% off Bouchon. We decided to eat here before heading to the airport. We started off with a salad it was decent but it was a heirloom tomato salad. They dont joke around with the tomatoes because it had some big ones in there. As for entrees the best one was the day boat scallops. It was so tender and not at all overcooked. It also didn't smell like the ocean so that was good. My other sister tried the steak, she said it was decent but not the best steak ever. I opted for the fish of the day, i forgot what it was, But i can say it was pretty decent. There was a good amount of flavor but its not as if i wouldnt be able to make it at home. The most disappointing part was dessert. The server said it was a apple tartine on a puff pastry. WRONG, when we got it, it was an apple tartine on a shortbread. We were pretty disappointed because we thought it was coming with the puff pastry. We didn't complain about it and just ate it because we were in a hurry. The apples were soft, tender, sweet and cinnamony! i really liked it but the shortbread was so hard to get through we just ate everything but that. I'd maybe consider coming back here but maybe not for dinner? I would possibly try for brunch and see how it is.
4	Brought my wife to Bouchon, due to great reviews so far the place did not disappoint. We had a wonderful dinner great service we got wine as well. I ordered steaks my wife had scallops all was prepared very well and tasted great. I would recommend the restaurant for special occasions. I would still try the french laundry in Napa Valley will have to plan a trip there soon with my family.
5	Best meal of my life. Period.  The carrot soup was divine and there are no words to describe the gnocchi.   They were so good I wanted to throw them on the floor and roll around in them like a happy puppy.  Yes, they were that good.The service was wonderful, and it was worth every expensive cent. Well worth the investment and it's a good thing I don't live in town or I would be broke and fat.
5	I didn't like the location since it was not easy to find.  Regardless, the service is great: felt like that I was being well  taken care or while not so over bearing.   Their attention to details and a hint of unique culinary color in menu items made it a 'fine dining experience' although customers are bit casually dressed.
4	Always a great breakfast, from fancy eggs benedict to chicken & waffles.I've only been here for breakfast and I've only been a few times, but it is consistently some of the best breakfast food I've had. The eggs benedict is fantastic. The vibe is a little odd because while you probably should be sort of at least smart casual to be in the place, many people will not be.
2	Okay, if you are going to go this far with the "French" theme, how about a decent French cup of coffee. My cappuccino came in a tall mug with a straw, kid you not. And my husband's espresso was in a big coffee cup and was so burnt that we had to send it back twice! But the worst part is that the waitress looked at us like, "what am I supposed to do about it" and then left it on the bill! It's a cup of espresso, I think the casino can eat that.My sausage breakfast was smothered in butter and my husband's chicken and waffles were nothing to write home about. Just okay. And so not French. Over rated and the service was pas bien.
5	Made a re-debut at this place with my Jamie M. in late August to show her just how good Bouchon takes care of you. We made an appointment and this time had a coupon for 25% off which was amazing.My advice is to make a reservation, not because of a wait time, but because, its a great feeling to sit in the corner tables, and not in the middle, simply because its just more comfortable. They, of course, start bringing you the bread I mentioned in my last review. One nuance I noticed was the bread man was very serious about his table-setting, table-clearing and general discourse in the provision of services. He'd bring bread and have this focused look on his face. I'm always watching people working in restaurants to figure out what their work environment is like. He seemed tense and even perturbed when the main waiter brought us bread but didn't put it on the correct side of our place mats. He gave him a condescending glance after he cleared crumbs from the table with a little metal scooper object. Haha! Co-worker drama at a high end restaurant! But only because he wanted things to be perfect, and I respect the level of artistry put into anything in this life.We had oysters and after I had a fish plate and she had something I can't remember. The surroundings, the service and beating the rush made this another unforgettable experience. Thanks to the coupon, it felt like our tip was comped, so you can probably see how much it might have costed with a 25% coupon. So worth it.
5	I make it to Bouchon every time I am in Vegas at least once (but often more!)  It is always amazing!  We had a reception dinner here after getting married at the beginning of the month and were marveling to friends last night about how well orchestrated it was and perfect in terms of food, service and ambiance.  The atmosphere there is relaxed yet attentive and the food is elegant yet simple.  I cannot get enough of the french onion soup or the salmon rillette.  We have stayed at the Venitian the last few times we were in Vegas, and I would be lying if I said that Bouchon was not a factor when chosing a hotel!
3	Breakfast. Decent filled omelet, nice crisp bacon, coffee stronger than American but weaker than real French, disappointingly ordinary brioche toast, fawning service. Prices not too heinous considering the location, but it's really about as French as Olive Garden is Italian.
3	First of all, I think I ordered all the wrong things (based on the server's recommendations).  I was thinking about steak frites.  Instead, I got a special appetizer that was short ribs with foie gras and a red wine reduction.  It wasn't what it sounded like.  It was a tiny rectangle wherein the short ribs were chopped into the smallest possible pieces, topped by foie and then topped with a jelly that was the red wine.  It was like a mini layer cake about the size of a Twix.  It was also cold.  The texture was unnerving.  I couldn't get past it.  The flavors - if they melted all into your mouth - were good.  But I could not get past that weird jelly texture.  Blech.  Then I got the gnocchi because the server told me that they were pasta - not potato - and they were not.  The only way to even sort of describe them is that maybe someone took something light and fluffy like mashed potatoes, squirted them out of something and into a pan and browned them slightly.  So strange and not even good tasting.  Herby.  They were sauteed with spinach, goat cheese, olives and purple carrots.  Nearly flavorless.  I took two bites and left it sit.  Not one person asked why I wasn't or didn't eat my dinner.  No one asked if we liked anything.  My husband had a big steak that was delicious.  Our friend had the leg of lamb and it also was delicious.  Stick to meat people.  I think they do it well.  Oh and dessert too.  Yum.  Those chocolate bouchon are AMAZING.
4	Great for brunch. Excellent table service but a little lacking at the bar. Love the waffles and chicken, moules frites and complimentary epi bread. However the bread pudding style french toast is not for me.  No reservations for weekend brunch. Boo!
2	Escargot were good, tho overpriced for the quality. Had a Cosmo which was awful... Tasted more like lime juice than anything else. I had the gnocchi, which were ok but not fabulous. My dinner companion had the croque madam which was greasy and disappointing. Ate at mon ami gabi at Paris the night before which was a much better restaurant. This was to be a special meal and it was pretty disappointing overall. Would skip it next time
5	Among all the many shops and restaurants at the Venetian there is a special place on the 10th floor. My wife and I had discovered this place a few years back and we looked forward to re-discovering the ambiance and the food.To our pleasant surprise - it was better than remembered! Our favorite entree' was the special french toast - you have to have this with the apples! Ok - it ay be dessert for brunch but its wonderful!My wife had the quiche and salad and it was super.Great service, nice decor and a pleasant meal. When in town find this place!
2	Such a disappointing experience after a fabulous weekend with girlfriends in Vegas.  Visually it's beautiful, classic dark wood, sparkling white table cloths, pale yellow walls, huge French doors leading onto an outdoor patio - very French looking.It makes me sad to report that while the food had a few delicious high points, but mostly average, the service was so poor that it spoiled the expierience. The special, flat iron steak eggs benedict, was served barely lukewarm to 3 of my dining companions. Even the cast iron serving dishes were cold. Another guest had ordered her bacon extra crispy only to have it delivered soft.While I think that everyone wasn't completely turned off by their meals, they certainly weren't worth writing home about or coming back to try again.  Other small mistakes were made with our ordering and the waiter was quite rude when we had to flag him down to bring it to his attention.  Taking into account the miserable service, the sadly average food is not worth a second round.Happily, I can say that our dinner at another spot off the strip magnificently made up for our brunch at Bouchon.
5	Atmosphere is relaxed but upscale. Great place for a date. Calm & chill, fantastic service, the most delicious veal & steak.  One of the best meals of our lives.
3	This is my third review of the place and I am starting to get a little depressed. The review keeps sliding lower and lower, which saddens me in that Thomas Keller is such a culinary hero. I ascribe the issues to management at this unit.Anyhow: we went for breakfast and the place was quite busy. Service was pleasant enough. We all ordered champagne cocktails of various kinds and found them to be quite small. We then ordered pastries and food. The pastries came promptly and while the croissants were gold standard, the nut rolls were just ok. Then there was the L O N G wait for the breakfasts... about 45 minutes of waiting after the pastries. Sadly, when breakfast arrived, it was quite ordinary. My wife's omelet was completely boring, and that is the benchmark for a great french breakfast. No one in our party thought any of their breakfast dishes were better than average.It is still a gorgeous space, but I truly wish that management would work harder on pulling it together.
5	I had a delicious meal at Bouchon. Boudin Blanc. The service was very friendly.
4	Just can not wait to return to Sin City for another visit to Bouchon. Granted there is a Bouchon here in L.A., the service just doesn't match that here in Vegas. The service we received was very professional. Some highlights were the Sourdough Waffles with fresh strawberries, scrambled eggs which were so rich in flavor, and the sausage.  Obvious, started with the Bellini, could have had like six of those, and finished with espresso. I really recommend dining al fresco. Especially in the middle of summer, in the morning. It is so peaceful. A truly pleasant way to start the day. The only disappointment is that the chicken and waffles I was so looking forward to, ( thanks for all the teasing Yelp!) is only served on the weekends. Unfortunately we were there on a Monday morning. Would love to try a dinner here also! Can be a challenge to locate if your are unfamiliar with the layout of Palazzo/Venetian properties.
3	Tucked away, almost hidden amongst the Venetian suites you will find Bouchon. What a beautiful french restaurant with great outdoor seating. We ate here for Sunday brunch and sipped our Bellinis while we ate french baguette with jelly and butter. The eggs benedict was delicious as well as the corn beef hash. My only concern with this restaurant is the service. Our waiter was not with it at all. We had to ask twice for a soda, it finally came when the meal arrived. There were four girls in our party and 2 of the meals came out and it took about 5 minutes for the other 2 to be delivered. When I am paying close to $30/plate I think the meals and sodas should come out on time and together. I don't know. It was a nice place and the food was good but in Vegas the food is good at so many places. Make your way to Mon Ami Gabbi if you are in need of a French cafe fix.
4	Went for wife's birthday and not disappointed.  Bartender was excellent, made a great sazerac.  Service was excellent.  Lamb was cooked perfectly and very tasty.  I had the veal special which was special.  A little disappointed in the French onion soup, just didn't have the favor in the broth, have had much better elsewhere.  We sat outside in it was terrific.  They even gave my wife a comp birthday dessert that was delicious!  Highly recommend
2	Great food scuttled by a hour wait for brunch dishes which came out 5 minutes apart.It was a 20 min wait for brunch on a sunday, so not too bad and we ordered drinks, pastries and mains.  They ran out of one so we subbed another and they were truly astounding but then it took an hour for mussels, chicken and waffles and a tuna sandwich.  Each dish was exceptional but an hour wait in a half empty restaurant when other tables get the same dishes ahead of you and they come out 5 minutes apart is just poor.  The waitress was great, empathetic and had a manager come over who comped a round of drinks which was nice but the experience wasn't close to what i was expecting from a Keller establishment.  Food saved the experience but they need to hire an expediter.  Thankfully we had the time to spend from 1 until 3 waiting for brunch but it should be better and i hope they make changes.great food and hope they just had a rough day.
5	My wife and I know breafast fare, and we think Bouchon is the best anywhere, bar none.  Yesterday morning was our second visit to Bouchon - the first was a couple years ago.  The setting feels elegant and calm, in stark contrast to manic hustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  My wife ordered the Quiche du Jour, which yesterday was a quiche florentine (spinach and cheese), served with a simple salad of lightly dressed greens.  I had the Croque Madame (toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce) which was served with more french fries than I deserved.  Seriously, Chef, you can pull back on the volume of fries.  But everything, from the complimentary bread served with butter and incredible jam, to the perfect quiche to the wonderful croque, was FANTASTIC.  Highly recommend.  Only criticism was they were a bit snooty when my wife and I tried to swing by for lunch the day before - seems strange that they say they are open for lunch but close at 1 pm.  Regardless, we can't wait to come back.
3	3.5  only because no chicken and waffle and the waitstaff hatin on all of dis!!!!   This is for breakfest.......So came in with the PIC  and boy I never been stared down so much in my dining life. Mostly by the patrons but there were these two waiters that killed me. One chick and one dude. They were only 6 feet from our table and she whispered something to him and he turned to look my way and they went back to talkin shit!!!!! Who does that. At least go in the back and talk your shit! Whatever I know him and I very opposite in looks but we ain't new he's my PIC GAWD DAMN IT! And it is what it is!  Ok so scale the menu and even look at the specials and I don't see the crack chicken and waffles I kept frakin reading about and seeing in pics!!!!!!! Didn't want to ask about it, I was just damn hungry! So scaled the menu and couldn't figure out if I wanted breakfast or lunch because both sound great! Our waitress was nice unlike those losers that tried talking shit on me.  We started off with some champagne cocktails. I think I ordered Strawberry fields and it was deeeeeeeeeelish! I loved that drink and I could drink more but I really don't like drinking when the suns still up!  Onto the food we ordered. I ordered this dish with some bomb toast, potato sphere lookin thing lol eggs and sausage. PIC ordered the french toast and the side of bacon.  Everything looked like basic breakie BUT it was tassssty and fresh. The side of bacon was a BIG side of bacon. Im telling you like 8 pieces of thick cut bacon. I love putting sugar on my bacon and that hit the spot! I had no complaints from this breakfast. Straight to the point brekie, not fancy schmancy. PIC didn't say much about his dish since hes no foodie like me!I will comeback here but if I see those two shit talking waiters, Im dropping a drink on both of their bobbleheads!
1	Tony Bourdain we followed you here and found that your dream fries were less tasty  than McDonalds and a not less tasteless steak attested that your review was a big favor you had to do to Thomas Keller. But I'm sure you didn't get the meh lame service the rest of us got while you guys were blowing each other. Don't forget to wipe your mouth when done. Those fries can be crumby.
4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a party of 5 around noon and were quoted a 40 minute wait and were pleasantly surprised that it only turned into a half an hour. Definitely do-able. The place is super cute and very french bistro like, very authentic to some of the places we ate in Paris. And it was kinda big in size which is necessary for the demand of people that come here. It's kinda tucked away downstairs in the Venetian but there are signs everywhere so you won't get lost. I loved all the cute pictures on the top walls of random french stuff, very adorable for people like me who appreciate pleasant ambiance.Now onto the food, I was kinda worried since I'm more of a lunch, dinner person than a brunch person but the menu was pretty good. I had the special butternut squash soup which was simply delicious and fresh. The happy bread that comes complimentary on the weekend with french butter and strawberry jam left me very happy and super full as we could not stop ourselves. My husband had the omelette du jour which he seemed to enjoy with a side of bacon that I helped myself to as well  which was delicious. We also had the pommes frites which were some of the best I've ever had. I dipped them in mayo and jam, and both were just to die for. I'm dreaming about those pommes frites. Friends had the lox and cream cheese, mussels and other brunch items and everything looked and smelled fabulous. A must go to place in Vegas especially for brunch. The walk from Aria and the wait was well worth it.
3	Came here for my birthday breakfast.We worked up a sweat just finding the place and walking all over the Ventetian from the parking lot..LOL..I wanted protein as breakfastt had to last all day..so I got the Americana breakfast, coffee, juice, bacon, sausage, eggs and basically toast ( they said brioche). Also could get a pastry. My mom ordered the quiche.Got coffee which was nice and strong. Didn't wait too long for food BUT it was tepid and I like my food HOT. I ate it anyway. Wait service was POOR as he didn't come back to ask if everything was OK. The butter was hard as a rock so I couldn't put it on my toast. I didn't get a refill of coffee. Had to ask the bus person for coffee and different butter. There was LOTS of bacon which was good..not just two strips ( then again it is $22.00 a plate so I guess we're getting our money's worth?) Waiter didn't come with juice until after my meal was over. My Mom also ordered a pecan sticky bun which she said was GREAT..I had a bite and it was good and not sickening sweet with LOTS of pecans. The ambiance was nice so that made the occasion. The breakfast was so-so. I did take my pastry home, pumpkin muffin and had the next day. It was very good..I didn't see the bakery so didn't get anything to go..I read here on Yelp that it was down stairs..oh well next time..if there is one..
4	Lovely food, great wine, great service, great price!It is well worth the couple hundred bucks you would spend here. Everyone in my party was happy with the meal!We had apps, main and dessert and a few bottles of wine. Would not hesitate to go again!
3	I dunno... it was fun to get dressed up and go to a grown-up restaurant, but I got the feeling they were more interested in the big ticket peeps.Not much value. We ordered the petite plataeu, a cold seafood tower, for $65 if I remember. 1/2 a lobster included. Imagine my chagrin when I noticed Mon Ami Gabi, at the Paris, had a full lobster in their seafood tower for like $20 less.Ouch.
4	Vegas is known for interesting, delectable fare, and Bouchon fits perfectly into that description. We decided to patron Bouchon after reading some yelp reviews, and looking up the creator, Thomas Keller. Although yelp has it down as casual, the overall aesthetic was much classier. To be fair, they didn't refuse us service for our subpar attire, but I get the feeling that flops and shorts would be frowned upon. We arrived a little before our reservation, and so we waited at the bar and helped ourselves to a cocktail while we waited. The bartender's mix and presentation was superb; exactly what you'd expect for a 12$ cocktail. Once sat, we were greeted by an ever rotating service staff that seemed to have extremely niche positions. First in the parade was our head waiter, who showed us the menu (hint: it's wrapped around the napkin!) and immediately assuaged us without seeming condescending. Next in line was our baker, who's sole point was to constantly keep us breaded, buttered, and pistachioed. Since Keller also has a Bouchon bakery, we weren't shocked to find the bread was crusty deliciousness. Out waiter returned and I decided to quiz him on his menu knowledge. He scored a perfect grade. At his suggestion, we tried three cheeses as a sampler. We had a musette, cheddar, and a goat's milk cheese. All three had exactly the flavor profile described by our waiter, and were paired with a scrumptious dob of honey and a apple sliced fanned out.At this point, the dedicated drink carafe holder had made an appearance, as well as our table clearer, who doubled as a utensil swapper. I've never used a single utensil for so brief a time. The main course arrived - lamb for myself, a gourmet bacon salad for my friend - and was, as expected, excellent. For dessert, we enjoyed the signature Bouchon (miniature brownies topped with pumpkin ice cream, over a toasted marshmallow base). Between the fantastically attentive and personal service, to the gorgeous presentation and overall tastiness of the meal, Bouchon easily earns a 4 out of 5. The food was delicious, but the flavors were relatively unidimensional and didn't quite reach that delightful level where you're left satisfied but craving more.
2	While in last Vegas I had 3 different dinners at 3 different locations. This was probably the worst of the 3. The food is very average which is very surprising knowing the chef behind the restaurant. It is a copy of a French brasserie but I would have expected better food.  We had the special soup (yam) which was delicious but that was the only dish that was above average. We also had soup a l'ognion, mussels, gnocchi and the special veal. The waiter did a good job at selling the specials and we expected a better quality food ( we had dinner at Scarpetta the night, now that was outstanding). The place is overpriced, the wine list although extensive is way overpriced and the service is awful. The waiters kept on dropping plates and silvers on the floor, it happened at least 4 times during our dinner, and the busboy poured water into our wine glass. The sommelier was unshaved and in a suit with no tie. It was not a good experience and will not recommend it.
2	For a brasserie that purports the name of Thomas Keller from Per Se and French Laundry, it was very disappointing experience.We went there for dinner on a Wednesday night. The first course all lived up to the reputation- my husband had the onion soup which was respectable. I had the fall squash soup which was also very good.  What was disappointing were the entrees. My mussels with pomme frites were overly salted. The gnocchi was ok and my husband took the $40 veal special that was just passable.I do not recommended. Definitely not worth the money.
5	Oh.My.God.  This place is pretty sneaky, as it's not located on the regular Grand Canal level of the Venetian like the other restaurants.  You have to take the guest elevators up to the 10th floor (just tell the guard you are going to Bouchon) and you exit down the hallway (it feels really strange since you walk past guest rooms) down the corridor, and at the end it opens to a magical world of amazing, mouth-watering cuisine.I had only heard of this place because a friend recommended it to me -- it didn't even pop up in my Yelp search.  Also, you wouldn't really know about it if you were just perusing the hotel since it's so hidden.We went for breakfast and I wasn't sure what to expect -- there wasn't anything super special about the decor inside.  We ordered an chocolate almond croissant, the french toast, and the breakfast with eggs, bacon, toast, etc.  Can I just way... BEST eggs, toast, and bacon I've ever had!  Big portion.  It came with these hash brown-type potatoes (sorry, don't know what they are called in French because I'm uncultured) but they were SPLENDID!  The french toast is more like a dessert (NOT complaining about that).  It comes in a cylindrical shape and has layers of butter/saucy soaked apples and the perfect amount of syrup.  Seriously, you've never tasted french toast like this before.I will, without a doubt, return to Bouchon the next time I'm in Vegas.  Service was excellent.  I can't wait to try their dinner menu.  Culinary circus in my mouth...
4	Wow, great corned beef & eggs. Great service.
5	Stay at the Venetian a number of times, and this was my 3rd or 4th time at Bouchon. This time, I dined with the Canadian King of Scotch and The King of Calculations from Cal.  Appetizer - Foie Gras (now outlawed in California) with short rib was extraordinary. As the Canadian King of Scotch said, it is an inspired combination, savory, sweet and incredibly rich! - 5 starsWine - The King of Scotch selected a nice white wine from France, refreshing with a nice earthy mineral finish - the sommelier complemented the selection, and thanked us for ordering a grand but overlooked wine. - 4 StarsEntree - Scallops with citrus foam.  Plum scallops seasoned to perfection and cooked just right.  The citrus foam combination imparted an almost Maine Lobster flavor. - outstanding 5 Stars.Service - attentive, consultative, sold us just the right amount and directed us to truly incredible selections that made this an exceptional and memorable experience.The Canadian King talked about the unique and difficult cooking techniques, and the waiter complimented him on his knowledge.  I asked the waiter if we could have a tour of the kitchen.  We were invited back the following afternoon, when they were not in full swing.  The kitchens were incredible.  Large, orderly, and ran impeccably, in a quiet but efficient alacrity.  We were impressed with the gleaming, modern equipment.  Despite this, our host mentioned that they plan to significantly renovate the kitchens to keep up-to-date.Bouchon runs a largish crew, but they can handle a full dinning room and support large private parties at the same time.  We saw the TV screens that Thomas Keller uses to monitor the culinary operations.We kept the manager's business card.  We're hoping it will help us get into French Laundry (but that's another story for another time, I hope)
4	Way better than Napa. But hard to find. You've gotta take the elevator to the 2nd level.Anyway... we didn't make a reservation and had to wait for a while. And some asshole took our table! Hope he choked.Based on our friend's recommendation, we had chicken and waffles. Best waffles ever. So light and fluffy... they were savoury bacon and chive waffles. so good. chicken was perfectly roasted. the sauce went well with the chicken and waffles too. i didn't need the vanilla bean butter but it didn't take away from the dish. very satisfying.my husband had scrambled eggs with croissant and white sausage. don't bother! it was so sad... just a lonely croissant, rubbery-looking eggs and regular sausage. get the chicken and waffles instead :-)i also had a peach beer which was nice :-) this is more like what i expected of thomas keller :-p
3	Breakfast in Las Vegas on the strip by Thomas Keller. It smelled amazing inside, like hot pastries. The fresh croissants ($3.50 for plain) were light and maybe the best croissant I have ever eaten. The waitress was very stern and did not smile, she took our order like a drill sergent. The service was prompt but not friendly.I order Les Oeuf $13, two medium poached eggs on toasted brioche served with potato croquettes and normally with a side of meat options (I requested the garlic spinach instead). The eggs came as soft poached instead of medium poached, the toasted brioche was extremely dry and I was almost unable to eat it and I needed to lather it in butter and sour cherry jam, the potato croquettes were good but I realized they are not vegetarian (small bits of ham in a mashed potato & chive log). The best thing I ate here was the croissant, go get a croissant to-go.
5	I've eaten at both Napa and more recently Vegas Bouchon and have absolutely no complaints, this was an OUTSTANDING meal. Food was great, service was timely, no waiting.What we ate:Endive salad with Roquefort cheese, watercress, walnuts, lardon.  Divine!Entrees:Pork loin special with potatoes, apples and carrots delicious.  Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. Sturgeon confit on large couscous.  Beautiful fish ... excellent texture.  My entree was the chicken.  Let me just say this - I think it is a complete and utter waste to order chicken in a place like this.  But the brussels sprouts and parsnips were too appealing to pass up so I went for it.  I cannot believe how delicious this was.  Every aspect of the dish.  I would order this again, and I don't even particularly like chicken.I would recommend Bouchon without reservation (but yes, make a reservation!)
5	Just as good as Yountville. If you can't make it to Napa then eat here. On a nice day have breakfast outside, it's beautiful.
4	We loved the food and atmosphere here.  We ate here on a SUnday night.  Not too busy.  Great service.Escargot was great.  Roast Chicken was perfect.  Wine list is great.Didn't particularly love spending money in Sheldon Adelson's casino, but hard to avoid giving money to people you don't like in Vegas.
5	Was there for brunch this past weekend.  What a great place!Joined the fray without reservation around 11am on a Sunday.  Peak Bouchon!  Table wait was 30-mins and so we snagged a small table adjacent the bar.  Enjoyed a couple of very, very wonderful spicy Bloodie's and a nice glass of Champagne (approx $42 iirc).Escorted to table where we met our server who was a simply wonderful woman (if TK's looking - African American 20-something) who really knew her way around the large menu and gave us great pointers.  Great sense of pace and read our table well.  To me the service is as important as the food and she was the best...The Petit Plateau (cold seafood platter - $65) was great - wonderful oysters especially, plus great lobster in addition to mussels and clams.  Nice shared dish for the four of us.Thereafter we all went our own ways - Croque Madame, Gravlax, Omelette and Quiche du Jour.  Couple of side dishes.  In brief - a great unrushed brunch.  All in, including the drinks (couple of glasses wine also made it to the table) was about $60pp.  We were seated at a booth right at the back just off the bar.  Although a "main room" table would have been great this table offered its own charm and the bar ambiance added to the Bistro feel.A worthy alternative to Mon Ami Gabi, though I still love that place...similar price points, maybe 15% higher at Keller's joint.  Both wonderful.
5	Boom! I said it. 5 stars. While dining in Las Vegas you have a plethora of options to choose from. I really wanted to try something I couldn't try back in Chicago.  Bouchon was the right choice. My wife and I just ordered a bunch of things and kind of created our own tasting menu to really get a feel for the experience.  We were not disappointed. This place is as good as it gets. It's not a steak house. It's French cuisine and they do it really well. I will return. I will dream about returning. It was the most expensive meal I had while I was in Vegas, but the one I felt best about paying for.
4	Pretty damn good. Nice atmosphere. Small complaint: Menu print was pretty small, and lighting is not great. Our waiter had to actually give us a flash light. And surprisingly empty for a Thursday night! Overall, very good food that was prepared thoughtfully. I had the butternut squash soup, a special for the day, that was smooth, slightly sweet, and nice. Gnocchi in brown butter was a nice dish, and the quince was a tasteful touch.
4	This restaurant was great!  The menu had a lot of variety and options, although I would have liked a traditional Breakfast plate with pancakes, bacon, eggs, etc.  Then again, it's a French restaurant, so it wouldn't have necessarily been fitting...I arrived around 10:30am on a Sunday without a reservation and the wait was about an hour long.  After waiting for 20 minutes or so, I asked if we could have a full meal at the bar.  The hostess told me we could, so I found two seats near the end and sat down.  Service wasn't super attentive.  I was kind of disappointed that no one checked up on me after I got my meal... Especially disappointing since typically one sits at the bar hoping for great service.  And based on the bartender/bar patron ratio... there was no excuse.  I had the Corn Beef Hash with two over easy eggs.  It was OUT OF THIS WORLD delicious!  Would definitely recommend the food.  Atmosphere is cute -- very french bistro like.  Overall, not a bad experience.  Had the service been more attentive, it would have been a 5.
4	I have tried to get into their sister restaurant in Napa, The French Laundry, for some time with no luck since reservations are required 60 days out and are handled like a radio contest. So since I was given the opportunity to dine here while staying at the Venetian, I figured this was as close as I was gonna get. Reservations here were much easier - opentabled it the same day.The restaurant is as beautiful as you would expect and the service is spot on. It is definitely pricey, but that was to be expected. The wine list is original and the menu has a great variety. I had to go for the foie gras and it was one of the best I have had. For my main dish, I wanted to try something adventorous so I opted for the sturgeon. I have never had it before and it sounded great on the menu. Sadly, it wasn't anything special like I was expecting - just an ok piece of fish served fairly plain. I was hoping for something inventive and creative, but it was probably a basic sous-vide with barely any seasoning/sauce. My friend ordered a salmon that was actually very good - perfectly prepared and a tasty sauce to go with. It is definitely worth going to, just for the pate even.
4	I ate at plenty of restaurants in vegas, but this by far is my favorite place to dine.  And yes, it's worth the 20+ min wait time......waiting was not bad though because we had bloody mary's to keep us entertained.  OMG, they have THE BEST bloody mary's --- i had to order 3 (yes, 3 at 10 am... ahem, only in vegas?).  The service was great... i kind of forgot what i ordered but remember it was tasty.  :) (just kidding).  I ordered the hash brown and potatoes -- it was really good and fresh! would def order it again.  oh and their bread was amazingly fresh ---- mmmmmmm.  I want to go back to vegas just to eat here (again!).
4	There's a Bouchon in LA that I haven't gotten around to trying yet, but after having brunch here in Vegas it's been bumped up on my to-try list!We arrived around 11am on a Saturday morning and waited about 20 minutes for our party of 10 to be seated - not bad. (Maybe just lucky though...)Service was a little bit slow, maybe because we were in a back room with a few other large parties. They seated us even though we were missing a few in our party, which was nice. I ordered the corned beef hash, and also tried the omelette du jour and chicken&waffles. Heads up that the corned beef hash was A LOT of meat! And not much else... Tasty but didn't really hit the spot after a long night... chicken and waffles probably would have been a better choice. The chicken was very moist and waffles tasty. Really good syrup too, but it was at $26. Sharable for breakfast/brunch, but probably not for a full lunch/dinner. The corned beef hash was $17 I think.The star of the morning for me was the beignets for sure! They come with a chocolate sauce and a currant (?) compote, both of which went well with the donuts. Really moist and cakey - what I imagine they would taste like in New Orleans!I also got an OJ with my breakfast which tasted like it came from the carton and not fresh squeezed. Kind of a disappointment for $4.
5	what can i say that the others haven't? the place is amazing for brunch. my sugar level may have jumped 10 fold but it was well worth it. the sourdough waffles are amazing if you like light, fluffy, waffles with a little more than a hint of sour along with strawberries and a tahitian vanilla bean butter that i wouldn't be embarrassed to eat by the spoonful! also don't forget to order a cheese danish and 2 to go.
3	ehh. 40 minute wait at 1pm, and the waitress ignored us for half an hour. It was automatic gratuity at 20% with a party of 6.the French toast... well I guess I chose to ignore the "bread pudding" part, but this was nothing like French toast. it was like a super sweet melted apple pie in a stack. it was much too sweet for breakfast and I'm a chocolate chip pancake fan. just didn't want an apple pie for breakfast. It's the kinda thing that's so heavy and rich that you buy one for your table of 10 after eating breakfast so you can all say you had a taste. No one or three people would finish this.and I felt sick all day from it. Idk if it was just too rich or oily or what. I drank gallons of tea to get rid of the feeling.I got a good amount of bacon on the side though.my friends chicken and waffles were okay, the chicken was pretty good, the waffles were pretty good, with chives and bacon peices. the sauces were strange, a think gravy/salad dressing zesty sauce and a thin maple syrup.over all the bread was the best part, the prices weren't worth it. I'd stick to pastries. mimosa = $12.50
5	Steak frites. Seriously to die for. I could live with not having the steak again but the fries were mind blowing. Friendly staff and tasty cocktails.
5	Like a lot of people, I tried this place based on the reputation of Thomas Keller and the French Laundry. I once cooked an appetizer out of the French Laundry cookbook, and once I was done with the tomato confit, chive oil, and tomato powder a simple appetizer took about five hours to make. Those are the details that make Keller's restaurants special; an exacting and intense devotion to technique and quality. Four or five meals here so far, every one exceptional. Recommend the Mussels and steak frites, with bread to sop up the broth, the Croque Madame, maybe the best open-faced breakfast sandwich in existence, and all the baked goods.A little pricey, but lunch is reasonable, and during the week usually not busy. If you just want to try the pastries, the Bouchon Bakery downstairs in the Venetian is a great quick stop. The little round sugared doughnuts filled with jam are a particular favorite.
1	Blah! Small portion sizes, tasteless food, limited menu options & a hefty price tag to sour your mood after a terrible meal. Skip this place & go somewhere- ANYwhere- else for dinner. I asked for pasta & the server initially said they didn't have any. Then I saw it on the menu as a side dish to a rabbit dish & asked if I could have just the pasta (I don't eat Bugs bunny) & after talking to the maitre'd, they finally agreed. BUT they charged me for the rabbit dish! So essentially I paid like $40 for 6 strands of plain fettuccine pasta, minus ANY sauce. And instead of steamed veggies on the side, they gave me steamed FRUIT. Yes, really. Steamed apples, pumpkin...it was disgusting. I specifically asked for steamed veggies like asparagus, broccoli, spinach etc bc I'm pregnant & need my daily greens. The server said ok, and brought out soggy fruit without any explanation or apology. I was pretty surprised by the bad quality of food & inattentive service, from the soup to the main course to the dessert. My friend got the merengue for dessert and she said it was too soft & overwhelmingly sweet. My husband got the gnocchi and it was actually really tasty. But it was $26.50 so buyer beware you're going to pay like $4 per bite. The French onion soup was basically a finger bowl of salty melted cheese, so I had to send it back. We were out for a good time so I didn't really mind that the food sucked so bad, and work picked up the tab so I didn't really care how much things cost, but it did irk me that after a $1,500 meal for 11 people, we still had to catch a midnight snack just to feel satiated. I get it that French food isn't really made for vegetarians but just bc I dont eat meat doesn't mean I don't have a refined pallet for taste. And even the meat eaters at the table agreed that the food was blah. BTW I initially asked for Mac n Cheese (the only vegetarian dish on the menu) and was told they could not make it with easy cheese bc it's all pre-made & heated. When I asked for a variation on some other dish (can't remember which one...sorry I've got pregnancy brain), I was given the same unappetizing response: sorry our food is pre-made, all we do is heat it up when you order it. Jeez, for $40 an entree I'd like more than a microwaved meal please. Other meat-eating patrons were very turned off by this information. Should Bouchon really call itself " fine dining" when all they do is re-heat food that's been prepared in the morning? Hmm.
5	My friend had read a lot about Bouchon, and suggested that we go when we went to Vegas together the first time. Definitely a great suggestion in the end! We ended up going on subsequent trips as well. Both times we went for breakfast, and the restaurant was rather busy, but the wait wasn't too long in the morning. Even just approaching it, Bouchon feels like a little world of its own. The wait staff was very attentive and professional, and ready to answer any questions, but didn't rush us through our meal. As far as atmosphere, the interior can feel a little crowded, but the lighting and the arrangements make it comfortable still, though it can border on a bit loud.We always begin with the champagne drinks, with a preference for mimosas. Everything we've tried has been absolutely wonderful. So far my favourites have been the almond brioche (which is lovely and has the perfect texture) and the waffles, though we also enjoyed every other dish we've tried. I have yet to eat anything there that I dislike. The price was as expected, and more than worthwhile for the quality of the food and the experience. This is one of the must-go places in Vegas as far as I'm concerned, at least for breakfast.
5	Amazing.. I took some clients, expecting to be disappointed, as so many high profile chefs/restaurants often do; what a great surprise.. the food was delicious, the service friendly and attentive.. started with a smoked duck and foi gras glaceau special which was one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.. the trout entree was cooked perfectly, light and without the usual overkill almondine.. I will definitely return on my next Vegas trip.
2	The food here just isn't that good. They try to make french food, but it's way too heavy on butter and other fats, and tastes more like diner food than a french breakfast shop.
1	We booked our 15th wedding anniversary dinner at Bouchon Bistro in Las Vegas. I am not a rich guy but I do like to eat well and prepared to pay for a good meal. Having been a food network addict as well as reading a lot of books on food, I was impressed with Thomas Keller' pedigree. I have been fantasizing for years to eat at Per Se in NY. Since we were visitng Las Vegas I booked a dinner at Bouchon hoping to get amped up eventually for Per Se. Well..........I was distinctly underwhelmed and frankly disappointed with the experience at Bouchon in Las Vegas. The restaurant is in a very fine setting up on the 10th floor in the Venezia tower. The ambience is muted and elegant and evokes a parisian setting. I can vouch for that becuase we visited Paris last year. The dinner started out with the staff seating us in a very nice setting. I had been hyping up the restaurant to my wife and I was eager for validation of the hype. The maitre'd looked very harried and was brusque. Another waiter brought out the bread and placed it on.............the table, not on a plate. Nowhere in Paris have I seen bread placed on the table. In any case, we proceeded to order the food and wine. Meanwhile the maitre'd corrected my pronounciation of some wines (okay for a guy from NJ, I  kind of expected that). Our waters were poured once and thats it. We replenished our glasses. We did not order appetizers. I ordered the chicken (yes, the same one that pops up when you open the bouchon bistro web page) and my wife ordered the gnocci. Then the food arrived, looked pretty but was salty and mediocre. My wife could not even finish her gnocci. Meanwhile, another usher kept on coming to our area and making notes on a notepad while we were left completely unattended. In any case, we proceeded to order the desserts. My wife ordered the cheesecake and I ordered Marquis au chocolat. I got a competely different dessert which was the special on the menu. Both the desserts were good but kind of the "Maggiano's" quality.Bottom line, this restaurant is coasting on its laurels and food quality is just okay for the reputation. I would not frequent this establishment again..........
4	I would definitely go again if I am in this area. It wasn't as foodie central as I hoped like the one in Napa Valley. Most of the entrees were supplemented with heaps of french fries. So order the specials and the items from the menu that is not fries galore, their flavors were good.
3	3 stars: A-OKAt this price level, one can eat a very nice meal in any city on the planet. So it stands to reason that with the credentials this restaurant possesses, one should eat an exemplary meal.I will posit that the food here is average for the price, the service is adequate for the price, and that your general feeling after leaving is that there has been a good deal of  mathematical number crunching and statistical grinding in developing and pricing the menu to create a pseudo-bucolic, semi-gourmand experience while generating as healthy a profit as possible for the ownership. For instance, the Croque Madame. Everyone raves about it. It is certainly delicious. It comes with fries that are super delicious. But the components? For what is essentially a $19 ham & cheese sandwich with a fried egg, not so grand. The brioche, not so great. A little dry and coarse, and not quite as buttery and cloud-like as you would hope or expect. The ham, not so great. It lacks everything that makes a great ham. It's closer to Costco than Iberico. A nice egg and that expertly prepared Mornay saves the day and makes you justify the sandwich to yourself and others after you've left the restaurant. Is it a truly great sandwich? No. Is it delicious? Yes. Therein lies the rub. We enjoyed were the escargot, thought the terrine was just ok, and spent a good ten minutes raving about the heavenly fries. Bourdain famously commented about the fries here. And he definitely hit the nail on the head with his thoughts on the $7 fries here. They are pretty spectacular. Are they worth a try? Yes. But will $7 fries complete your life? No. That's my feeling about this restaurant. It is good, it is proficient, it is efficient, it is a well-oiled machine, it is a chain, it is a profit center, it is many things, but the best meal you ever ate, it is not.
4	I spend all too much time at the Venetian each year. This is my first stop after I check in and unpack my bags. Early evening cocktail paired with the Rillettes aux Deux Saumons is a perfect start to a long trip. Savory and sweet options available for brunch with delicious coffee. When the weather is right, the outdoor patio is lovely.
4	Brunch for me was just ok but...Sometimes you just want a good seafood tower, with some good sparkling wine. And Bouchon is where you get that. Be prepared to pay though. Thomas Keller + Vegas = $$$$
4	Always wanted to try the Thomas Keller experience. Here's is what we tried:1. Foie gras - it's nice to have it here because we are out of California. Not the best I've had but it's good with their truffle fries. The order also comes with two plates of toasted baguette which you can spread the foie gras on. Yum!2. Escargot - too salty, but very unique having a puff pastry on top. The flavor would have been very good if it wasn't too salty. 3. Oysters - LOVE them. There were different kinds and all of them were so good. 4. Mixed greens - love the taste of their red wine vinaigrette. 5. Bouchon steak - again, too salty. I always think it's not the best idea to order steak at a French restaurant, but we just wanted some meat...6. Sturgeon confit - good flavors! Seafood here is worth a try.
2	I wanted to eat here for a long time, and now I can say it was not worth the wait. I came here for brunch and ordered the apple french toast. Although it was beautifully presented, it was so overly sweet that I only ate about a third of it. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles which was definitely better. The chicken was tender and the waffle was crisp with good seasoning, but at $26 isn't that to be expected? Someone next to us ordered the american breakfast which came with eggs, bacon, sausage, bread, juice and coffee and that was $22! At these prices I prefer going to one of the many delicious vegas buffets where there is always a good variety and I can eat to my heart's content.
4	very good french food. menu caters to the foodie crowd, so be prepared for a slightly pretentious clientele. the waitstaff, however, are very helpful.food is good, drinks are strong, and desserts are worth the price.note: with california's recent foie gras ban, this is one of best, most accessible options for californians looking for fatty duck liver (it's very good here)
4	Ate at Bouchon twice on last trip to Vegas. The first time was was solid, though service was a little indifferent and unattentive. The second time we had dinner at the bar. The bartender was so nice we decided to eat at the bar. She seemed only to be concerned with us and make sure we enjoyed our dinner, though it was clear she was busy handling drink orders for the entire restaurant. She made great recommendations for both food and wine -- set the perfect balance between making sure everything was perfect and not being too intrusive. The food was excellent, but she really amplified all of the positives and made the experience really memorable.
5	Bumping it up to 5 stars after our last dinner.  You GOTTA try some of the dishes they got going on like the sturgeon confit!  Oh my god!  It was as if a salmon mated with a whole block of tofu and voila!  That may sound terrible to some but goddamn!  I've had plenty of sturgeon caviar but never the actual fish.  The fish was truly amazing both for texture and flavor.  Then there's the veal appetizer.  They slow cook the veal, bread it and THEN pan fry it!  What??  I'll have whatever the chef is smoking please.  Juicy, flavorful and crispy with some great cream sauce.  I would've taken this as an entree.  We also got the saffron mussels and pate which were very good but not as good as the top 2.
4	It's a branch of Thomas Keller's French bistro inside the Venetian.  We've been here before and always enjoyed the first-class service and beautiful ambiance.  The food is amazingly consistent and well priced I think.For appetizers, our party of three split the barley salad with baby artichokes and the duck confit.  The salad was interesting - interesting texture similar to rice but with a good amount of acidity from the tomatoes.  The duck is basically a leg quarter that's cooked to a super juicy consistency with a crispy skin on the outside.  It's served on a bed of buttery polenta.  This dish will make you a fan of duck!For main course, I always get the roast chicken - basically Bouchon elevates this dish like no other.  It's roasted to perfect consistency and like the duck has a crisp, buttery skin.  They offer some roasted potatoes and Brussels sprouts too.  The chicken meat is perfectly cooked and the sauce is amazing too.My wife had the mussels in saffron broth with truffle fries, which were generous portions.  Our 14-yr old niece had the grilled ham and cheese (topped with a fried egg) with fries.  It looked pretty tasty since she scarfed it all down.  Note that Bouchon is fairly generous in portion size - so no need to order extra sides of fries.For desserts, it's hard to do better than the chocolate bouchons (3 brownies per order) with peppermint ice cream.  Sweet balanced by minty refreshing flavor.  The other dessert was the eggnog pot a Creme, with two shortbread cookies.  This was also amazing - similar to a panna cotta with a unique flavor.
5	bomb. get the salmon gravlax.
4	extremely good fine dining. I really liked the sweetbreads, which might have biased me towards it because I really like sweetbreads and they are rare to find in restaurants in the first place. Also, great roasted bone marrow!
4	I seriously need to thank this place for providing such stellar service. After a nightmarish meal at an Italian restaurant in the Miracle Mile, I was thrilled to come here and feel more welcomed. *high five*Bouchon has never disappointed me. This is only for brunch though, I can't say anything for lunch or dinner. I've tasted the pomme frites, chicken and waffles, croque madame, profiteroles, brioche and jam and hibiscus drink. The pomme frites are crisp to perfection. The bread on the croque is nicely toasted and tastes wonderful with the gooey runny egg- however, I prefer mine with a fully cooked egg. The chicken and waffles are probably my favorite. Compared to Roscoe's, it's a different experience all together. You don't have to use the syrup because the waffle has this nutty flavor alone. Topped with a piece of chicken and a smear of butter and you're good to go! The chicken is beautifully fried with all the flavors coming from the meat itself, not the batter. I love bread and Bouchon has the BEST bread and vanilla bean butter on earth!!!! Everything is better with butter- lemme tell you! Just remember that the vanilla bean butter only comes with the Chicken & Waffles dish and may cost extra if you order it alone. Also get the profiteroles which are tiny fried pieces of dough (fancy donuts if you will).
1	The woman who answered my call was very rude! Nuff said.
4	Went for Dinner on 12/27/12 and I really liked the ambiance and the service. We had  Salad, Muscles, Veal, and the Trout which was suppose to be the best thing on the menu. Well the food is nothing to write home about but the view and ambiance is one of the best in Vegas. So go for a pleasant or a romantic dinner not for the good food. Next time we will order the steak. French restaurants won't disappoint you with that.
3	I really was looking forward to eating here because of the great reviews I have read on yelp. It was  a disappointment. The service was ok, I was expecting to get great service from the staff but they were not up to par. I ordered the trout which was the only tasty thing from dinner. I like how it was presented, the head and all. It was cooked perfectly and really light. We ordered the short rib and it was okay. It was a little dry and the sauce was lacking in depth. We also shared a salmon appetizer. It was basically smoked salmon in a jar and it was not that interesting. I don't think I will be coming back.
4	Amazing service!  The entree's are about $20-$35 each so it wasn't too bad.  Had the french onion soup to start and it was beautifully presented, the broth was beefy and flavorful and loved the gruyere cheese on top.  I had the steak frites and even though i was hesitant to get a flank steak, it was grilled nicely and to my Medium -rare, it also cam with a mountain of fries which I wasnt even able to finish.  Love the horseradish also, very strong so becareful when you use it.
4	I am a great fan of Chef Keller. As an Executive Chef myself for 35 years I have lot of respect for what Chef Keller has done to French food and his passion for for sous-vide cuisine. But Chef where in the world do you find a restaurant that closes at 1:00 pm for Lunch ??? nowhere that I know of... We always look forward to have a great meal when  we go to Vegas but when we get turned away at 1:05 pm it was a big disappointment . Sorry...
2	I thought Thomas Keller had a good reputation, but it looks like he has resorted to trading on his name like so many of his contemporaries.Not a very good place, the type that serves mediocre food and survives on their name, undeserved reputation from when maybe they used to be good, and the expectation that their clientele are ignorant and either don't realize or are too proud to admit they were suckered in to getting ripped off at a place like this.The seafood platter starter was pretty good. Nothing to complain about although not nearly as epic in presentation as, say, Mastro's which really makes it feel like a night out.For my courses I decided to judge them on a couple of bistro classics, the onion soup and croque madame (a croque monsieur with a poached egg on top). I can make better onion soup than Bouchon--straight up. If Thomas Keller would accept the challenge I would go on Food Network for a cook-off and bury his ass. The soup tasted a bit burnt and too strong overall, my first impression was that someone dumped a double-dose of instant bouillon into the pot by accident. And not enough cheese, which is a major pet peeve. At a nice place, why cut costs by withholding the last ounce or two of cheese that would put the soup ever the top?Croque madame was served cold, almost completely. Once I started eating I found a little warm spot in the center, but it had definitely been sitting for a while, so I suppose that's why the food took so long to arrive; I should have sent it back but didn't feel like waiting another hour. It was pretty good, definitely would have been better served hot but even so nothing remarkable. The bread was a bit thick and the ham wasn't anything special. The fries were unremarkable, and not consistently cooked which is kind of an unusual problem. A lot of them were a bit undercooked, the rest were fine, but visually they all looked like they came from the same batch. Not as good as McDonald's.The lemon tart dessert was probably the highlight of the meal, but even so, I occasionally caught a slight stale taste.Don't bother, go to Chinatown or anywhere else they still feel like they have to work for it.
4	There's not much that can cure a hang over. I was pretty upset at myself that I finally visited Bouchon in a less than proper state. The BFF and I were seated, and I chugged water for a good five minutes. Damn it, Vegas. I'm a foodie. I love great food and even better drink. I have been planning on Bouchon for weeks and finally made it back to Vegas, and I go so wrecked from the previous night's dinner and fun that I'm in no state to truly enjoy Bouchon's offerings. No problem. It's about the food and the experience....Wonderful, fresh and delicious sandwiches and cheeky, fun service. I can never say no, and will have to come back to Bouchon to check out the dinner service.
5	I have only ever been to Bouchon for brunch but I have been there about 7 times (including twice in the last week) and had a fantastic experience every time.  The big bummer is that they don't take reservations, but I can tell you it's worth the wait (especially if you're in need of some great food to sop up that hangover).  The food is fantastic.  The croque madame has basically ruined all other croque madames for me - it is that good.  I've also tried the beignets, waffles, french toast - all delicious.  It's  not a light meal (a side of bacon is literally 10 pieces) but man, is it worth the food hangover afterwards.  The cocktails are also good if you need a little hair of the dog.
4	If you've been to the one in Yountville, this one is definitely worth going to. I didn't like it the first time I went, but definitely this time I enjoyed everything. The highlight, for me, was that I could get foie gras here, which I can't do back home (stupid CA laws!). One thing to watch out for: it's VERY hard to get reservations during large events like CES, which is when I was there last. Get yours ahead of time or expect to eat dinner after 9pm.
5	A thoroughly memorable dinner in a beautiful and inviting space. I had the Croque Madame and it was amazing. Very fresh with a creamy rich topping. The soft egg on top was perfection as well. My dinner companion had the short rib and mashed potatoes and it was also delicious. The portion was huge and beautifully presented.We were seated immediately and our waiter, James, was knowledgeable and helpful. He didn't seem to mind that I only had a sandwich for dinner and happily substituted a huge fresh salad for the French fries. It made for a perfect compliment to the rich sandwich. perfect vinaigrette dressing.My only regret is missing the lemon tart. This will be the first thing on my list for a return visit.
5	From the moment we arrived at Bouchon everything was perfect.  We were lucky to have been seated in James section, I would venture to say that James is among the best servers in Vegas. We started with the charcuterie and Foie Gras-both we're mind blowing!  Our mains included the salmon, short rib, and lamb.  It's impossible to capture the expert preparation and presentation of each dish, leave it to say each dish was savored and enjoyed.  Deserts included the Bouchon Brownies, Lemon tart and bread pudding.  If you're in Las Vegas, make dining at Bouchon a priority!  You won't be disappointed!
4	Went on Monday around 11:30 and we were seated right away.  I've been to Bouchon three times.  The first two times were great but this time I ordered tuna sandwich with fries and the taste was just okay, nothing special. cost $17.   My hubby ordered steak sandwich $18 and it's much better than tuna.
3	Eh Meh Bleh... Fancy.. good service.. annnnnnnnnnnnnnd.. I think that's about it. Food.. its really whatever..
5	A friend invited me out for brunch and suggested this place. To my surprise, they have a great and reasonably-priced menu!! I ordered the french toast with a side of sausages. They prepared the toast in a breadpudding style drizzled with syrup. Make sure to order the syrup on the side; I did, because I knew the syrup will make it too sweet for my taste. I loved the sausages, such well prepared,  juicy and perfectly seasoned sausages. They were a great compliment to my delicious french toasts!! The coffee was a bit too strong for me though. I will come back for more sausages and French toasts.
4	Came here with my girlfriends for brunch while on our Vegas trip! Loved the decor of the place! And every dish we ordered was really good. But I would have to say that their pastries are the best! We love their Pecan Sticky Bun. Too bad they don't have the sticky buns at the bouchon's here in LA!
5	Our last night in Vegas and we wanted to make sure to finish off with a great meal and Bouchon delivered!Not only were the meals great but the dessert we had was sooo good as well. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for something a bit different and a great atmosphere.
4	This place is pretty consistent with the other Bouchon properties in Napa and LA.  The major difference from what I can see is that the Vegas location is more of a restaurant and less of a bistro.We had dinner and dined pretty late (9:45pm reservation) but the food was good as usual.  I always have their foie gras and it was excellent.This is a great stop for a nice meal in Vegas.
3	I've been here twice for brunch and twice I felt let down.  I had the chicken and waffles, which was okay.  The chicken had flavor, but felt rather forgetful and so did the waffles.  I think the best thing about the brunch was the pastries.  At least they have that down.  Service was slow and a bit forgetful.  We had to ask for a replacement fork twice.  Server was difficult to find most of the time.  Would I come back next time I stop by in Vegas?  Most likely not.  There are so many other places in Vegas I could spend the money and the experience in.  And if the pastries are the best thing here, I could get it at their cafe.I feel for the price they charge, the food and service lacks in almost every way.
4	Comfortable, high-end bistro.  Nice outdoor area ideal for breakfast.  Adored the sweetbreads and you can't beat their moule frites for a late night dinner.
5	Great food, and great prices. Service was average (inattentive and slow). I recommend the salmon rillettes appetizer. I recommend one the daily specials. They rarely disappoint.
5	The brunch here was everything I hoped it could be. I'm talking fresh beignets with dip sauces, delicate quiche, fantastic french fries. Even the baguettes were just perfect. This will become a standard Vegas brunch destination.
5	One of My Best Meal so Far!!!!  Love the Ambiance . Great for First Date...!!!
3	Another breakfast...My hubby and I frequent Bouchon as one of our favorite strip restaurants for dinner. The foie terrine and hot epi bread always has us coming back for more. However on a recent brunch the service was less than stellar. Things were off to a good start as we were sat at "our table" which they also call the Anthony Bourdain table. A crescent shaped banquette made of crushed velour is super comfortable and always romantic. You can ask for it by name and they'll know which one you're talking about. We were sat promptly but once seated we were left hanging for a very long time before our server finally appeared. When she did stop by she seemed less than impressed by usI ordered the Apple Croissant and the Gravlax for me brekie. Apple croissant, wholly hell man, this is fuck-yeah pastry. Imagine this super light flakey buttery heart stopping layers of sheer awesomeness topped with caramelized apples and strudel. Now imagine that this is no imagination, its real, its good and I ate this delicacy ever so slowly as to not miss a single flavor moment. Honestly this alone is worth 5 stars however its the combined experience that makes up these stars. Gravalax. First off I need to say that I don't eat salmon very often unless it's coming from a trusted source and yes Thomas Keller is definitely a trusted source. For me this his is like Swedish sushi, beautifully fatty cured raw salmon with accompaniments of capers, tomatoes, onions and chive cream cheese. No bagel here, you get a warm crispy baguette instead. Im not bitching about this as I love anything baked from Bouchon and was a really nice way to stack and eat this dish. I felt very euro. Back to the service.. our water glasses went empty, nobody checked on us after our food was delivered (my dining companion had an issue so we waved down a busboy so he could find our server), it was like we were abandoned. I don't like that the food was better than the service since to me both should have equal standing. While I would go back for dinner Im not sure if its worth going for breakfast/brunch especially since all the pastries can be purchased at one of the Bouchon Bakeries inside the Venetian. I still think about the croissant.
4	My last meal in Vegas was at Bouchon, and the lunch was pretty good.We showed up at 11, and practically had the whole restaurant to ourselves. The restaurant was a little hard to find (in the Venezia section of the Venetian), but the restaurant looked nice and classy. We ended up getting:Moules frites (mussels in white wine came out in a Staub cast iron, with tons of fries): this dish was very goodCroque madame: again, this dish came with a lot of fries. Everything tastes better when you cut the yolk on the sunny-side up egg. I liked this dish more than the mussels.Goat cheese and greens: the salad was decent, although I would have liked something crispy or crunchy to contrast the warm goat cheese or nicely-dressed greens.Although not cheap (a little less than 80.00 including tax and tip), it was one of the best meals that I had in Vegas this past weekend.
5	I came back to see whether my first review still stood the test of time. The pomme frites here are still the best in the country.Go. Now. I recommend arriving with an empty stomach.
5	My last meal in Vegas before flying home had to be at Bouchon.  I still have yet to try them for dinner, but that's okay since their brunch is always stellar and was a great way to finish off my Vegas food adventure.I didn't go here my last trip back in May, so I was definitely due for another round of their Roast Chicken & Bacon n' Chive Waffles.  Another awesome pic of my favorite version of Chicken & Waffleshttp://bit.ly/YxtMdBI really wouldn't have it any other way.  The Chicken was roasted perfectly.  The Waffles had a nice crunchy texture outside while staying moist with bacon inside.  And the gravy and syrup go so well with the chicken and waffles.  It's just a straight foodgasm with every bite.What a way to cap off my time on the Strip with the best roasted chicken ever and bacon and chive waffles that always makes me say, OMGYUM!!!
5	There is nothing about Bouchon that would warrant anything less than 5 stars. This is as good as it gets.
4	My last day in Vegas before catching a flight out of town I came to Bouchon for a decent meal before getting shafted by the airport.  I ordered the Jardiniere breakfast that came with two eggs any style, brioche, fruit salad, spinach, potatoes, a choice of pastry and a glass of OJ.  The scrambled eggs I ordered were perfectly cooked, still had that creamy custard texture that perfect scrambled eggs should be and they were well seasoned.  The spinach in my opinion was a bit over salted and the potatoes were fine.  The chocolate croissant was awesome, unlike so many places they actually had more than a meager line of chocolate, it was nice and flakey to boot.  The service here was awesome, we told the waiter we were in a hurry to get going and the kitchen was able to quickly knock out our meals.  We were able to get in and out of the restaurant in about half an hour, so a huge thumbs up to both the front of the house and back of the house.  Wish I could have come here for dinner, but I guess that'll have to wait till the next SHOT show.
5	Bouchon is one of those places that you go to in Vegas so you can show people back at home pictures of to brag about living a fancy lifestyle in Vegas just because you were in Vegas. It is beautiful inside and directly outside of it. They're connected to the outside gardens in the Venetian with beautiful flowers and a pool, along with a really pretty gazebo. Just down the hallway a bit is a lounge near their second "front desk" that has amazing architecture and design that makes you really feel like you're not in America anymore, but is instead in Europe. They may be a bit pricey, but you're still getting great food and amazing service, so definitely worth the price tag if you're up for paying about $20+ for a brunch.I've had two items on their menu before and they are both delicious. One is the baguette with smoked salmon and capers. This is my pretty standard choice when I'm not sure what else to get. It is flavorful and the just a good combination always. But if you want something more out of the ordinary, you should definitely look at their Chicken and Waffles. I have never had a waffle that was so meant for chicken! It is not your typical buttermilk waffles. It is the best combination of a savory waffle and chicken where the batter of the waffle has been mixed with bacon and chives! Doesn't that just make your mouth water?!? It was so perfect! So crispy on the outside and perfectly fluffy on the inside. The chicken went deliciously well with the whole combination and they roasted it to a good taste, yet didn't burn any parts of it. The sauce that comes with the chicken was a bit salty so it went well if you were to order some fries to dip into it too. So a definitely recommendation from me are these two items.They also serve you some bread that are shaped in the most unique possible way. It looks like a bunch of leaves strung together and you basically break off one of the leaves. It is a bit hard since it seems a bit over crispy, so don't expect too much from that. But other than that, the bread is still good and I think is very artistically appealing for the eyes rather than the teeth that you're going to have to use to crunch through the tough to break shell!In short, beautiful location, beautiful presentations, amazingly delicious food and wonderful atmosphere. If you need to brag to people about the high life in Vegas, you need to visit this place at least once.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!  Will eat here again!We had a great experience.  Service was impeccable!We had steak and frites and had the braised short ribs.  Both were wonderful.  Fantastic presentation and taste!  Wonderful wine list.Everyone should add this place to their list of restaurants to visit.
1	Are you kidding me with the 4 stars? Bouchon is so over rated and the service is the absolute number one worst service out of any restaurant in all if Las Vegas consistently. Every single time I have friends that insist on going I experience the same thing, tons and tons of servers and bussers running around not doing anything. Don't waste your time coming here
2	Our second night in Vegas was a much anticipated reservation at Bouchon. We arrived at scheduled reservation and were seated immediately.The service was not what we'd expected of a fine dining establishment associated with Chef Thomas Keller.The waiter was appropriate in greeting us and defining menu, he was appropriate in taking our order. Problem, we never saw him again.The meal was delivered by restaurant staff. We had to communicate thru restaurant staff for the Wine Master service(sommelier title  unknown ), he was appropriate with paring and serving wine, still no waiter.There was a gentlemen across the dining room, we made eye contact, he approached the table, he knew we were unhappy. I asked what happened to the waiter, he pointed across the dining room indicating he was busy with another table. We were speechless with this response.There was no reason to debate at this time. We asked for the check, he indicated he could help us with that. Still no waiter....The lack of training we observed from our experience at Bouchon was not acceptable.Upon exiting the restaurant we were approached by a female employee"she wanted to make it right". A little to late, the core staff is weak at this establishment.I will be sending a note to the corporate office of Chef Keller informing him of this situation.What a disappointment.
4	Our family had a fantastic birthday dinner at Bouchon and I'd love to come back in the future.  Service was perfect.  They checked on us often, but not too much.  They were accomodating and attentive to the birthday girl as well as the toddler at our table.My favorite items were:The Roasted Bone Marrow with garlic, parsley, shallots and sherry vinegar served with toasted bread.  Fatty and flavorful.The Roasted Chicken with caramelized cabbage, forest mushrooms and whole grain mustard was tender and juicy.  I especially loved the tangy mushroom sauce and went really well with the chicken. Improvements:The Gnocci was a little too soft and mushy.  I think it was cooked a little too long and the plating was inconsistent.  Two of us at the table ordered the gnocci and one of the plates had a good amount of vegetables, while the other had a few pieces.
4	Came here a couple year ago for my birthday dinner.  The food was good.  We really wanted oysters and they were completely out of everything.  =( Great Service.
4	Came here for brunch on 2/9 and sat at the bar.  First time here.  It was early so the oyster bar was still being set up.  Service:  Great.  Servers very attentive.  Food came out really really quick. Food:  I had the French toast and it was really good.  They make it in a bread pudding style.  I didn't think it was overly sweet.  The portion was perfect for me.  Would love to learn the recipe.  I would love to return here for dinner and try the oyster bar.
5	Went back for the chicken & waffles.  Good Lordy!  Who can say no to roasted chicken with bacon & chive waffles?  Not anyone at our table."I'll take the chicken & waffles""Me too""And me""Really? Well I'll do it too then""Make that five, please?"Two words:  WORTH EVERY SINGLE FREAKING PENNY!
4	I've done brunch here multiple times and dinner here once. I much prefer brunch. Mimosas, quiche with some greens, a glass of Sancerre, some oysters, delicious bread and butter. A dream brunch for me. My wife goes for sourdough waffles or French toast with bacon and mimosas throughout the meal. The perfect way to start the day in Vegas.Dinner is a wonderful experience and can actually be quite affordable in comparison to many other places we like to go, or you can go all out. Wonderful wine list given that I prefer old world wines in general, and they have a full range of prices so it's not intimidating if you have a budget, but if you aren't holding back you can grab a great bottle. I wouldn't pass up the terrines, pates, and other classic charcuterie if available. I also suggest digging into the oysters. The quality is incredible. Brunch or dinner, Highly Recommended.
4	I've come here several times for brunch and each time hasbeen fantastic. I've tried a bunch of different things, waffles, the quiche, even the Breakfast Americaine is wonderful. And of course the pasties are out of this world. I am a tremendous fan of Bouchon Bakery, I've been to the one in Yountville, Columbus Circle and the one at the Venetian and all three are fantastic. The restaurant is decorated very authentic like a French bistro and during the daylight it really looks spectacular. The only reason why I don't giveit five stars which I know in my  heart it truly deserves it because of one time I came for dinner with a friend. I ordered the steak frites which was wonderful and I ordered a glass of red wine (cannot recall which one) and tyhe waiter said he "did not recommend that one, he would not clean the floors with it". What? I kid you not. Totally uncalled for, I had not even asked his opinion. I said I wanted it either way. This was some years ago ago and to this day I have not returned to dinner. I'll do brunch here, the sunlight seems to keep the staff happy.
5	If I could wake up to there french toast and coffee every morning I would be a much more pleasant person. The french toast is like a bread pudding with apples and pears and it is amazingly decadent and rich. Their coffee is a wonderful and potent french blend which gave me a nice wake up call. We also had beignets which come with nutella and homemade blackberry jam. I suggest you mix the jam with the nutella place on the beignets and enjoy.  The bill was horrible considering it where it was and how the chef is. My only complaint is that the hostess seated us away from the windows in a really crowded corner when their were plenty of tables open by the windows. Make sure you ask for a table by the window if available.
4	A delicious french toast breakfast with a gorgeous view in a beautiful atmosphere.
5	Baked chicken and waffles....TO DIE FOR!  I love the subtle sweetness in the waffles and the chicken was absolutely delicious!  I can't believe I haven't tried this place before when I was in vegas.  The hibiscus champagne is a must try.  The flower was sweet and tasted just like a fruit roll up.
3	This restaurant was pretty good but I have definitely had better in Vegas. I guess i had really high expectations given the reviews and the fact that this is a Keller restaurant. What we ordered: Beef Bourguignon, New York Steak Frites, Onion Soup, Mussels, and Fries. The soup is delicious! You must try the soup if you come here. Everything else was A-ok. My steak was overcooked and my husband can make a better beef bourguignon at home. Again, it is a good restaurant but given the price, the crowded dining area (tables are very close to one another so its not very intimate), and the quality of the food, I would never consider this to be a 5 star restaurant. Im glad i tried this restaurant but I do not think I will be returning.
5	I can only speak to their brunch, but that's because I just keep going back and eating it.  It's the best one in the city, and if you can wake up before 2PM on a Vegas weekend (no easy task), you should stumble into this wonderful restaurant.Try the croque madame, it's the finest I've had in this country.  The oeuf & boudin blanc, which is essentially a white sausage, is fantastic.  Lastly, you can't go wrong with the steak frittes to help you refuel for another day in Vegas.Tip: Get a sampling of their pastries to get the meal started properly.  Phenomenal.
4	Chicken and waffles, that's all I hear about this place. So I gave it a go and ordered a plate. First thing first, I had a huge hangover so this might affected the way food taste to me. The chicken was good. The gravy was good. The waffles was meh. It was good in the beginning but it started to be too overwhelming with flavor and sweetness. Service was on point. Price...well lets just say chicken and waffle isn't worth losing an arm and leg over. Its just chicken and a waffle lol. I've had a lotttttttttt better for half the price. Can't say I will ever come back or recommend it to anyone.
3	Sadly, good; not great.  Had the boneless trout.  The fist was cooked to perfection, but the veggie medly on top was not good.  Disappointing after my recent first visit to the French Laundry.  Understood it would be a more casual dining experience, but expected more from a Thomas Keller restaurant.  The service was slow, but luckily we were not in a hurry.  Prices were reasonable.
5	Can I say enough good things about Bouchon?  The answer is no.I LOVE Bouchon.  I've been here for both brunch and dinner and given the financial means, I'll continue to go back.Brunch was absolutely delightful.  I love the natural sunlight that bathes the restaurant and view looking out towards the Venezia pools.  They have really good coffee, which is a staple in a brunch place.  We ordered beignets with nutella and homemade blackberry jam.  I ordered the Gravlax, a fresh and light DIY plate.  While you can get this dish at a lot of other brunch places, it was really refreshing and I wanted something light since I didn't want to hate my life after a heavy brunch.  Side note: I would highly recommend NOT ordering drinks for brunch.  My mimosa was $12.50, average, and in retrospect not really worth it.  Stick with the food people.Side side note: I couldn't find the infamous chicken & waffles on the menu. Unless I'm blind, it may be a special.  Next time, I'll definitely ask.My dinner experience was a few months back with a group of 8.  Our server, bless his heart I can't remember his name, was outstanding and exceptionally professional, helpful, and informative.  He was the epitome of what service in a restaurant owned by a James Beard award winning chef should be.  The foie gras special was possibly the best I've ever had and still makes my mouth water thinking about it.  I had the poulet roti.  My chicken was juicy, moist, flavorful, and just wonderfully delicious.Go to Bouchon.  Go for brunch.  Go for date night.  Go for a business dinner.  Go alone.  Just go.
4	After reading the reviews I was excited about going here for brunch.   Once you get beyond the hostesses looking down their noses and being disorganized, the service was great! Loved the wait staff.    After being seated at a great table, we were immediately greeted and asked about our drink order. I asked if they had regular black tea, was told yes and got a fruit flavor tea. No biggie, I still drank it.   I had a simple breakfast of smoked salmon & baguette. Can't really go wrong with this.. presentation was nice and everything was what I expected.    My friends ordered the quiche - said it was delicious, another eggs and hash, she said was good, and the other eggs with sausage. The sausage appeared homemade and she ate every bite of it.    Why I am not giving this a 5-star is the hostesses and the loud music. It was so loud it was very hard for the woman across from me to hear what I would say and vice-versa.  It was not that loud the other night at dinner, and when asked why it was so loud they said they do it because brunch is so crowded. Not the answer I would have expected. But I am assuming if you blare the music louder than your guests conversations it makes a better atmosphere... Fail
5	Loved the food. Thought is very good. Very simple but elegant, very flavorful but not over spiced. Thomas, great chef!
5	I love this place.  Classy and elegant but not as pretentious as one might think.  Go casual for breakfast or lunch, and get away with either a simple skirt and blouse or even a more formal dress/suit for dinner.Their coffee is perfectly balanced and goes well with any breakfast food, or dessert.The steak is literally "melt in your mouth" fantastic.  Bouchons are very rich and satisfying.  I will go back whenever the opportunity presents.
4	The food was BOMB!So I'm going to be honest...I wasn't in the best mind set to enjoy this meal...I had just eaten my body weight a few hours ago at Wicked Spoon...and then indulged in a wide assortment of libations...but still, the food was awesome! Since I wasn't too hungry I ordered the Croque Madame. Basically a ham and cheese sandwich with an over easy egg on top. It also came with a mountain of french fries. The plate was amazing. The egg was perfectly cooked and the innards of the sandwich were delicious. The fries were also perfectly flavored. I couldn't finish the meal, but I wanted to!I tried the mussels which were also great, and the gnocchi which wasn't my favorite. My friend wasn't a big fan either. The service was great and the place was quite nice. I'll have to return with a more welcoming stomach and save the liquid festivities for after.
5	I had a fantastic dinner at Bouchon on my most recent trip to Vegas.  I very rarely go to the strip but will make future exceptions just to eat here.  Steak frites, yum, soooo good.  The cocktail menu is impressive.  Their house cocktail (peach vodka martini) is just barely sweet and very refreshing.  Best macaron ever.  Wonderful service.
1	I am not clear why this place is rated highly.  To me, The food is salty and full of butter.  As someone who loves to actually taste fish, I was disappointed when my trout taste like a piece of butter sliding down to clog my arteries.  If you want to eat healthy, this is not the place of low calorie food.   There was just too much seasoning in the dishes I ordered and it masked the natural favors.  Over priced, I even had horrid bowels after this.  The alcohol selection is good.
2	The food was great. I had the short rib, my husband had the steak and frites. The atmosphere was classic French bistro. Very nice wine selection. The reason for the low rating is the service. It was awful--our server forgot to bring our wine, brought us the dessert menu before our entree was served. He was totally distracted the entire time and MIA the entire dinner.
5	Amazing foie gras and mussels!
4	Desperate for some brunch grub after a long night and a pounding headache... Bouchon seemed like the perfect place to go, since it's conveniently located in the Venetian, where we stayed for the weekend.Despite my hangover, the food was delicious! I stayed on the safe side and had an American breakfast even though I was in a French restaurant... yes, a bit lame. But that seemed to be the most appetizing thing for me. I didn't have much of an appetite, so I boxed about half of it. And even a few hours later, it still tasted amazing cold! Haha. I know... I felt like I wasted my money on food I could make easily at home, but oh well.The croissants are to die for. So flaky, buttery, and bad for you... but man, worth it. I don't normally eat bacon but I caved in and ate them since they couldn't substitute it with anything else unless they charge you extra. The eggs were fluffy and they even took my nit-picky requests of egg whites only. I'd totally come back here for the croissants... At that time I wasn't feeling adventurous with French cuisine (most likely because of my nauseous state) but I'll def be back to try them! I was also surprised the place wasn't packed and crowded. The restaurant itself isn't probably known for its breakfast... I'm a bit bummed they didn't have the chicken and waffles on the brunch menu as others have mentioned =(Our server was also super nice and gave great recommendations! And she was very patient with me, especially in my unpleasant state. I felt bad and hope she didn't think I wasn't enjoying my food =X I did thoroughly enjoy the leftovers, though!
4	Came for my favorite meal, brunch. Love the atmosphere. It was winter, so it was too cold to take advantage of the outside patio. Started out with really good bellini's, they went down too easy. I had originally planned to get the Chicken & Waffles, but when I discovered the chicken was roasted and not fried, it threw me off. So I decided to try the shrimp and grits appetizer (wasn't good, it had pimentos in it and they took over the flavor) and I got smoked salmon and bagel. Who gets this at a French bistro? Me. My bad. My friend ordered the sourdough waffles and another ordered the quiche. I was jealous of both. I definitley didn't order the table favorite. Brunch menu was decent, it had a fair amount of selections. My favorite dish there has to be the Ad Hoc chicken, I just wish they would serve this more than twice a year at this location. It's weekly in Beverly Hills, why can't we have it weekly? I like their bar as welll, really good margaritas and I had a delicious drink made with Hangar One Kefir Lime. Can't wait to try the patio when it's warmer.
4	I've had desserts from Bouchon, but this was my first time dining here. I had a lovely Bellini with ripe raspberry while waiting for our table and we all enjoyed the pastry samples that were put out in the bar area. Needless to say, they were delicious!I ordered the cinnamon apple oatmeal and brioche with jam which was outstanding and my boyfriend ordered sourdough waffles with bananas and walnuts. He loved them! Other dishes at the table included "bread pudding" french toast, yogurt parfait, and pastries; everyone was very happy with their meals.All in all, we really enjoyed our brunch.
4	Great place for brunch! Everything I've eaten here has been good.
5	Our go to place for breakfast in Vegas. The service and food is impeccable and at a level you'd expect from a Thomas Keller operation. We've never had a bad meal here. The food may be by some standards pedestrian but it's always a solid value.
3	Bread = deliciousLyonnaise potatoes = deliciousOmelet = mediocreOthers in my party ordered the french toast & mussels and were very pleased with their choices. I, however, regretted my omelet selection. The eggs weren't fluffy, they failed to omit what I asked them to omit, and the ingredients didn't seem very fresh. Also, the waitress visibly rolled her eyes when we ordered water rather than a cocktail. I'm sorry-- not everyone in Vegas wants to drink at 10 am. That doesn't make us cheap and you don't need to be snotty about it.
4	Came here for the highly-recommended Chicken and Waffles, and I have to say it was superb. The chicken is roasted, not fried (as it usually is when it's a chicken and waffles dish), and it's very juicy. As usual, I preferred the dark meat over the white, but you can't go wrong with either here. The chicken is seasoned well, and the skin was delicious (when is it not??). It came with Chasseur (a gravy-like) sauce on the side, which was good, but I didn't think it was needed. When I eat chicken and waffles, I typically enjoy the waffle more than the chicken, and it was no different here. At Bouchon, the waffle has bits of bacon and chives in it. And of course it has the crispy, yet light and airy, texture to it. Add to that the Tahitian vanilla bean butter and maple syrup, and you have a winner. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish.My wife was debating between the Bouchon French Toast and one of the dishes of the day, which was a Breakfast Tartine (bread, prosciutto, Gruyere cheese, frisee salad, and a sunny side up egg). Let's just say she should have gone w/ the French toast. The prosciutto wasn't salty enough to flavor the entire dish, and the Brioche bread did nothing for us; it was just bland throughout. The couple next to us both ordered this dish, and I wished they would have asked us for our opinion before doing so. Our server did a great job of making this sound good, but it failed to deliver. I'm sure the other dishes here are awesome... just not this particular one. If you find yourself in a similar dilemma, go with the French toast.Other than that, service was great, and dining outdoors next to the pool surrounded by the beautiful building that Venetian is made it an enjoyable experience.
5	Hebe S., whoever you are, I love you.  You were awesome.  You made our experience even better than the food did.  Chef TK, I don't know how often you visit your Las Vegas Bouchon restaurant, but you truly have a winning staff.I did like your food, especially the croque madame and frites. The croissant roll was good, the chicken and waffles were good--the baked, not fried chicken was juicy and well brined, while the waffles tasted fresh and unique because of the chives and bacon--but my favorite experience of the day were your beignets. And Hebe.Well done.
5	Thank you, Yelpers for recommending Bouchon. You were right on the mark! Bouchon is an amazing experience and I am so glad we came for breakfast! The restaurant is popular so we had a bit of a wait but we were seated much faster than the time quoted to us.Once seated, our server was polite and attentive. We drink a lot of water and she did a fabulous job of keeping our water glasses filled. (Seriously, not an easy task--my husband is a camel!) My husband ordered the sourdough waffles with a side of sausage; I ordered the quiche du jour with a side of bacon. Well you certainly won't go hungry at Bouchon! A "side" of sausage meant 3 FAT (and delicious) sausages! A "side" of bacon was about 8 pieces of crispy, crunchy, perfectly cooked bacon. Yum!The sourdough waffles are so wonderfully tart you'd think they made them right in San Francisco. And they come with the most incredible culinary mashup I can imagine: VANILLA BUTTER. O.M.G. it is amazing! I actually thought about asking for a small container to take what we didn't use home with us because the thought of them throwing away such a gorgeous concoction made me want to cry.The quiche du jour was a spinach florentine and it was delightful. The eggs were almost a custard consistency: smooth and creamy. The spinach was fresh and fragrant. The crust was buttery and flaky. It was served with a salad of spring greens so I felt healthy and superior to everyone who was ordering the croque madame (which I drooled over enviously).I would definitely visit Bouchon again. We only had breakfast. We gotta try lunch and dinner!
4	Very good food.  Beyond excellent service.  My only complaint was that my Croque Madame was a little overcooked on the outside and I couldn't really taste any cheese on the inside.  Otherwise everyone else in my party raved about their meals and I loved the chocolate mousse dessert I had - It wasn't an actual cup of mousse but like dark chocolate mousse was packed into a loaf pan and sliced into servings.  It was supposed to be orange flavored but all I could taste was chocolate deliciousness.  I was totally fine with that.
3	I'm a sucker for breakfast food and while in Vegas this past week for a conference my friend and I made our way to Bouchon for breakfast not once, but twice in two days.  The decor is beautiful, but then again everything in or on the Venetian is beautiful right? I had two different experiences each day. Day 1- Omelet du jour (spinach, mozzarella and tomato) and a side of bacon and the Strawberry champagne cocktail. - The presentation was lovely, the omelet was perfectly whipped and was almost too pretty to eat. The gravy boat of bacon was also a treat. However, I felt like the omelet was served luke warm and wasn't "done" enough on the inside and I got the feeling our waitress wasn't too thrilled to be at work that day. Lastly, my cocktail was too syrupy...the flavor was quite artificial. Day 2-Sour Dough waffle - Totally different experience! The waffle was detectible, light and fluffy and the vanilla bean butter melted in my mouth! I would go back again and again for this dish. My cocktail the "75" was fantastic and perfectly balanced and lastly, our waitress was very sweet and friendly. Next time I'm Vegas, I would like to try the restaurant for a meal other than breakfast/brunch.
3	Visited for dinner on a Sunday evening, July 8, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!)I expected to be wow'd a little more, having high expectations of Thomas Keller, my favorite chef if I had to pick one.  But, I think he dropped the ball on this location.I really had to examine the pics I took to refresh my memory of that dinner, as it was not very memorable.  Let me start with the good:- a chef friend loved the puff pastry escargotShit, I'm at a loss! I just sat for a good 5 minutes scrolling back through pics to put something good down about that dinner, avoiding the obvious "in good company" (we were celebrating a friend's bachelor party that weekend, so in high spirits).  But I really was unimpressed.The carpeting seemed drab, though the lighting was a warm yellow glow.  I got sleepy just looking at the pics of dinner.  I am careful not to say romantic though, cause it didn't feel that way to me... more like "old."  Yea, if I was 62 and wanted to enjoy a quiet, civilized dinner with my wife, this is the spot.  Until then, I think I'll stick to hip trendy spots filled with girls in short skirts spilling out of their top.  Oh God, I need to return to Vegas soon.
5	By far the best lunch in Vegas.  Fantastic atmosphere and food that matches. Outside tables (on the 10th floor) are the perfect setting for a relaxing meal.  I'll plan on coming here every time I come back to Vegas from now on.  Prices are super reasonable for Vegas also.
4	This was my second time at this restaurant and the experience again was great!Good service, original warm ambience and really tasty food!Prices are ok considering you are in Vegas!!!
5	After a night of drinking and clubbing, what do two girls do the next day? Fancy brunch, DUH!The location is a bit hard to find within the Venetian. It's not in the main floor and kind of hidden from everything else.  I kind of enjoyed the restaurant being separated from all the madness of the shopping center and casino games.It's technically supposed to be a French restaurant, but I'm going to say it leans very American. There's a pretty sizeable brunch menu, but everyone's favorite seems to be the chicken and waffles. Well dreams were crushed when I found out they don't serve it on weekdays! NOOOOOOOOOOO! So instead corned beef hash & croquet madame was ordered. Corned beef hash - Seriously one of my all-time favorite breakfast foods. Unless you've had experience dealing with the stuff, I never recommend it for the first timer. However, Bouchon's version is very simple and stripped down. It is salty though, so be aware. Still delicious.Croque madame - After finding out chicken & waffles weren't available, most yelpers suggested this delicious eggy-ham sandwich. It comes with a MOUNTAIN of French fries. May seem small, but it's hearty. Did I mention the mountain of fries?Service was top-notch (they refilled my glass of water like 4 times) and friendly. I love the atmosphere. It really doesn't feel like you are in Vegas at all. They have beignets on the menu! This place is pricey (especially considered you are in a city where you can get steak and eggs for less than $5), but sometimes well-made, high quality food is just worth it.
5	My friends were able to get the 4 of us a 8:15pm reservation on our first night in Vegas - which happened to be a Thursday. I was super excited to try this restaurant as I've had the Yountville location bookmarked for some time now--and of course, Thomas Keller is one of my favorite celebrity chefs.  I'm still working my way through his cookbook but to this day, several items in there are my go-to recipes and are my most favorite.We were lucky enough to get a booth on the back side of the restaurant. I was pleased with this seating arrangement because the tables in the center did not look as cozy and the bench seating provided us a lot more room to spread out and get comfy.  It's probably not so "french bistro" but in the end, It proved to be more private and much more intimate for our group. For starters, the Epi (branch leafed bread) they immediately deliver to your table is irresistible and clearly made in house.  It was so fresh. We cleared both loaves before our appetizers were even out. The warmth of the bread, the crunch of the crust and perfect center -  along with the creamy, room temperature butter left me with no self control. It must've been obvious because the bus boy brought another loaf and even gave us an entire bag of bread on our way out along with a little wink. Cute. While we all ordered our own dishes, we all kind of tasted each others plate so i'll give you the low down for each item ordered and what I tasted:* Bone Marrow Appetizer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#IFq8fcrtUt9SsxQm6DbpQg): We ordered this for the table to share (minus my hubby since he doesn't do what he calls,"weird" food).  He missed out because this was so rich and full of flavor, I could've had this as my meal. We licked that plate clean. I could not get enough and craved more!  ORDER IT!  * Endive Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#sfV5ar3nyCDXMd2dYIRn6w): Since my hubby didn't indulge in the marrow, this was his appetizer. It was very tasty and the presentation was beautifully done with the endive leaves placed strategically on the plate as if a house of cards. The vinaigrette was not at all overpowering.  With the roquefort cheese and the nuts, it was nicely balanced. * Smoked Salmon Appetizer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#kaFzihNKLmZyvcT5RR92Bg): Good things come in small packages. Presentation was simple - served in a small glass canning jar along with baguette slices.  I actually stole an endive from my hubby's salad and the salmon actually went really well with it. This appetizer was tasty but if I had to choose between this or the Bone Marrow, this wouldn't stand a chance.* Trout (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#2xOHkIxvWabr3zIB1ITElw): Seriously...this dish was off the hook! My friend also ordered this dish and we both agreed it was unbelievable.  We were both full but we kept going until every last morsel of fish was in our belly. The buttery croutons sprinkled on top were an unexpected addition but couldn't have been more perfect. I might have to steal that from him next time I prepare fish at home. Also, loved the presentation with the head on. It made my husband squirm but hello...he married a Filipino!  Get used to it!  * Roasted Chicken (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#CijX0I2eVnH2eXejPOrk4A): Hubby ordered this one. I got a bite and the skin was nice and crispy, the meat was tender and had lots of flavor. He loved it and I enjoyed the bite I got.* Short Ribs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#dmhLzxDCxt-KbyYgkG1FSg): My girlfriend ordered this and loved it. I was so stuffed, I couldn't take another bite of anything else. She was very pleased with her order. * Dessert (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#VZNaOGdvtZbpA2dw-8gmjw): Our awesome waiter wouldn't let us leave without dessert and insisted we get one that wasn't on the menu; Mini chocolate cakes with zest from a blood orange. This was served with a generous helping of vanilla ice cream on top, slices of flesh from a blood orange as well as several julienne candied orange zests. If you really like orange flavored desserts, you'll enjoy this.The dining experience here was fantastic and I just think Chef Keller is a genius with how he approaches his menu. Everything we had far exceeded my expectations and made me one happy and full girl.  I look forward to coming back and trying their brunch next time...and of course, dinner (again).  Great job, Team Keller!
2	Was excited to eat breakfast here.  Had to wait about 35 minutes which we were okay with since the food was supposed to be good.We got to the table, ordered two sparkling wine cocktails.  Waited 10 minutes, waitress was wondering what was taking the bar so long, checked and we got the cocktails.  They were good, maybe a buck or two more than other restaurants but still acceptable.Ordered corned beef hash and sausage and eggs (we're not chicken and waffles people unfortunately as the table next to us ordered it and they seemed to like it).  Waited another 10 minutes.Got the bread, which was good but hard to chew as there was a lot of crust and not much insides.  The raspberry and butter tasted great on the bread.  Almost forgot what we were doing, watched the huge clock on the wall tick another 20 minutes by.Got the food, the hash was cubed (which is fine), a little dry, but tasted okay.  Sausage was good size and taste, but the scrambled eggs looked puny on the plate.  The table next to us agreed: don't get anything with scrambled eggs, you'll be underwhelmed.Our waitress didn't seem to be having a good day, but we've all been there at work.Saving grace: sausage and eggs came with a croissant which was exceptional.  Slightly flaky and buttery, delicate and delicious.Bottom line, skip the restaurant for breakfast and go to the bakery for excellent pastries instead.  Then go to the Paris and eat at Mon Ami Gabi.
1	We chose this place because of all the terrific reviews, so I am not sure what happened.  My wife sandwich was horrible and my short rib meal of the day was nothing special. I would have expected so much better especially for the price.
5	On a bright late Sunday morning, the four of us didn't have to wait too long (@20-30 mins), for this caliber of a restaurant.  We went before our flight back home so we had our luggage.  The hostess took our bags and checked them in a separate room so we could eat comfortably.  The servers team worked like a well oiled machine.  We probably had 4 servers tend to us, like they worked as a team to make us happy.  As a former server, I LOVE when that happens.   The servers, informed us well on the specials, asked to prepare the foie gras for us, always had our water glasses filled (very important after a Saturday night/Sunday morning in Vegas), and were attentive without being to nosy (love when this happens as well).From the taste and presentation, the food was spectacular.  The bread comes out in the shape of leaves.  Then starting out the foie gras appetizer was decadent, 2.5 oz, would have been enough for us, the mussels were so fresh, and even the olives in the bloody marys had a freshness to them.  As for the entrees, all of us were very pleased with what we got.   I had gotten their signature dish, the prefectly cooked roasted chicken and chive waffles, accompanied with chicken gravy, maple syrup, and vanilla bean butter.  All of it was amazing, except for the gravy, that was just way too salfty for me, and I love salt.  Nonetheless, the meal was delicious and didn't even need the gravy so it was all good.Definitely a great place for brunch.
5	Okay I have to update my review. We were a bit unhappy at first because of the wait and the poor service, but the manager soon noticed our situation and made amends. First, they brought us some salmon rillettes, pickled olives compliments of the chef. They were AMAZING. I'm not a big fan of olives, but I couldn't stop munching on them. For our entree, we ordered the lamb and the crispy pork belly. The crispy pork belly was their special, and it was the finest we've ever had. It came with an onion cream sauce, which was incredibly flavorful and just perfect with the pork. Unfortunately we had no space for desserts but I am definitely looking forward to come back again!!Not even done with my meal and already unhappy with my experience here. We made a reservation, but had to wait 15 minutes for them to clean up the table, and anther 20 minutes before we got to order out food. And that's only because my friend waved the waiter over. This is not the type of service you should have at a high end restaurant.
5	Wow.  If you didn't catch it the first time, Wow.We didn't know much about Bouchon when we made our reservation except the Keller name from our trip to Napa. From the moment we told the reception of our reservation we were called by name. The service was probably the best we received our entire stay in Las Vegas.  Our waitress was amazing in her recommendations, attentiveness and grace.  Both on the seafood site (my wife had salmon) and land (I had the lamb) food was delivered perfectly plated and there wasn't a flaw in the preparation. Had the half steamed mussels as an appetizer and white wine sauce it was prepared in was outstanding.  Although Bouchon is pricey by everyday standards, for Las Vegas and the quality of the experience, we thought it was worth every penny.
2	My hubby and I are vacationing in Vegas and on our list of must eat restaurants, was Bouchon. Too bad our experience was a big disappointment. We arrived for our reservation on thursday, excited about the upcoming culinary experience... The hostess was friendly, seated us and then about 15 mins later a man, who never introduced himself asked us about our water preference. We only realized later, when he came back, still never making eye contact,  he was our waiter. This was probably one of my worst restaurant experiences ever. When i asked him about the chicken dish- i was expecting some description on the preparation or even his opinion ( which I love to hear from waiters!), instead he pointed to my menu and read it line for line. That was about the most interaction we got all nightHe never came to check on us, his eyes always looking at his colleagues, no smiles, just seemed bothered to be thereIt's one thing to be ignored when the restaurant is busy-- but literally be forgotten when there are empty tables surrounding you, is too much. He never bothered to check in on the apps or entree were. i would have overlooked all of this, if the entrees were as good as the appetizers. Endive salad and onion soup were delicious (and the reason  i gave this place two stars) Steak frites was just ok. My hubby didn't even finish it, which is surprising for him....my Chicken was cooked well, great crisp, but  again, only ok.All in all, the wait staff needs some training... Smile, talk to your customers, a little eye contact and fake small talk will go a long way with tourists and maybe even yield a good tip!
2	Bouchon is one my favorite places to go when I am in Vegas,My last trip in March was marked with a scar. I left a comment on their website and have not heard back so I decided to post here as well.If you have been there you would know that the food is good and prices are on the expensive side. So what stunned me when I got my bill is the charge of their house water for $7 a carafe. ($21 for 3). Seriously! You are charging me for tap water at a place where we pay more than regular prices for food. Shame on you for trying to rip off your customers. And btw I didn't ask for any special water, I said tap water when I was asked what do I want to drink. The good news is that they adjusted the price but that was embarrassing in front of my business guests.
4	I had their Chicken and Sourdough with Chives and Bacon Waffle.  Overpriced, but service, ambiance, and food were good.  I could taste the fresh Chives, and the Bacon.  The bacon pieces were not super salty, and were not the fatty part, but more like the center cut.  They served this with maple syrup, vanilla bean butter, and some sauce/gravy (didn't really care for it).  The roasted chicken was already moist and very flavorful by itself.  The skin was very crispy and very good.Complimentary epi bread with butter and a berry jam that was not too too sweet.
4	Came here for brunch, and it was pretty good!  I ordered the croque madame and it was a little bland, but mostly good.  I wish that the flavors stuck out a little, but I still managed to finish the whole thing.  I loved loved loved the french fries that came it.  Delish.  I ate every last one.I also ordered the Habiscus and bellini champagne cocktails.  When at brunch... am I right?  I liked the bellini more, but they were both pretty good breakfast drinks. :)
5	Nearly perfect meal last night. First, the atmosphere. Buried at the back of the casino, up the elevator, but then you're into another world of elegence and class. Great start to a great evening.No reservation, nearly full restaurant but they brought us back within 5 minutes to a great table. Very attentive wait staff but not intrusive. Wine prices reasonable for this caliber. Food prices even more reasonable. Excellent endive salad with great tasty crunchy warm bread. Moules and frites (fries) were superb. And the profiteroles made it a grand slam.Not sure how I could improve upon it, so had to give it five stars.
4	The server was pretty chatty and then would disappear but that is my only complaint.  I love the location, the decor of the hotel, the view on the patio, and the food!  I uploaded a picture describing my brunch selection at Bouchon!  How great does Cinnamon Oatmeal with Peach Puree & Raspberries sound?  What about a Turkey Sandwich on Cranberry Wheat Bread with Aioli & Brie?  AMAZING! Caution:  HUGE portions for a French bistro!
2	We had a private dining reservation for our clients here. We chose the location as we heard this was on of the best restaurants in Vegas. I will say the service was impeccable - our waitress was outstanding. We had a preset menu for our clients (table of 14). For those who ordered steak (myself included) the steaks came out RAW. It was horrific. They were not even cooked and they were cold. 2 of us at the table didn't want to make a scene so we told our waitress who removed them. They didn't bother to check w/ the others who also ordered steak. When the steaks returned to us they were lukewarm and still very chewy and hard to cut. I have had much better steak at other places - I have even made better steak!The shocker came at the end when 3 other people at the other side of the table mentioned their cold steaks. When I told the manager, he said since we ate the remainder of the meal, he would only discount us for the steaks.Very disappointing. We spent over $3K at this dinner and he only offered a $40 discount. He did ultimately take off $100 but no other offer was made. Bad service on their part.Awful place.
1	We ate here a couple of years ago and had a fantastic dinner (one of the best I have ever had). This time around was pretty terrible. The wait staff was unprofessional - holding fairly loud personal conversations around our table. In fact one of the waiter kept rapping the top of the booth divider with his knuckles every time he came past our table- extremely annoying. All of this would be tolerable if the food was great - not this time around. The lamb was tough and gristly, and ended up flavor wise being very one dimensional (all salt).The next night we went to happy hour at American Fish, had a fabulous meal, great service and atmosphere.
4	Great setting, fun energy, prices weren't overly outlandish, good service, food was good. We ordered jelly filled beignets which were very tasty. Pecan sticky bun was edible but not my favorite (a little dry)I had croque Madame which was my favorite dish of the meal. Not too heavy surprisingly and very flavorful. Friends got chicken and waffles which I thought wasn't that great, and another guy got smoked salmon plate which was pretty basic. I'd definitely come back if I wanted a non-buffet Vegas brunch.
3	Great salmon dish with a seafood type broth. Trout comes pan seared with head still on so be warned! Duck confit was just okay. Croquet madame was a hit with the table. Foie gras was hit and miss at our table. Great ambience. Nice outdoor patio. Service can be a bit haughty. Good beer selection. Nice experience, but not sure I'd come back just for the salmon.
3	I came here for dinner which is apparently the less popular option for dining here. I was tempted to give this place 4 stars because they serve beer from one of my favorite breweries, and the crab cakes and braised short ribs I ordered were delicious. However, I am deducting one star because their dessert cheese plate was horribly unmemorable and the amount of honeycomb and fruit on it, which was highlighted on the menu, was laughable. In addition, the place is just so damn dark at night. Spend some money, get some lights! Stop relying on the crutch of those big windows that wow your brunch crowd, which don't do anything at night.
4	Came here for breakfast, and was definitely one of the highlights of our Vegas trip. Initially I wasn't actually too excited about visiting the restaurant, but was pleasantly surprised by the food.My group ordered the Croque Madame ,Oeuf and boudin blanc, and sourdough waffles.  The croque madame is definitely a must try.  It was really good, and it had tons of fries on the side.  The oeuf and boudin blanc was house made except for the eggs, I didn't like it much but my group liked it.  The sourdough waffles were amazing and crunchy and the walnuts and bananas added a nice touch.  Definitely a good experience and would come back again for the dinner menu. Service was attentive but it wasn't that friendly.
2	My family and I dined here on Friday April 12th for dinner and I must say I was extremely disappointed.  We were deciding between Bouchon, American Fish, and Bartolotta.  However, two members of our party had dined at Bouchon and suggested it.  We had an 8:30pm reservation and arrived about 20 minutes early to have a drink or two at the bar.  It was pretty packed so we grabbed a bar table in the bar area.  Not once did a server come by to bring us water or take a drink order.  We went up to the hostess to express our concern and see if they could send someone over to help us.  Before anyone came by, the hostess came and escorted us to our table outside on the patio.  She was aware of the situation so we assumed that our service from that point on would be impeccable. Boy were we wrong!Once seated at our table, another 15 minutes passed before or waiter even came by to greet us.  We had to flag down a bus boy for waters!  Upon our waiter visiting, he was friendly and warm but it did not make up for the start of the meal.  They had a few specials on the menu where one struck our immediate interest.  However, when we went to order it, the kitchen was out of it.Moving on to the food.  We ordered the salmon rillette appetizer which was delicious.  We also each ordered the endive salad per our waiter's recommendation.  It was tasty but nothing extraordinary.  I have had many better salads in my day for half the cost.  For our entrees, we ordered the chicken, salmon, and trout.  All were very tasty but nothing to rave about.  I was expecting much more from Thomas Keller. Back to the service.  We had ordered the Pommes Frittes as a side dish.  A very simple side dish we presumed.  However, it never came.  When we asked our waiter about the status of the dish, he said it is on his way.  However, having been a waiter for a fine dining establishment, I can pick up on when a waiter messes up and when the kitchen messes up.  Immeditaley after I ask about the status of our fries, he ran to the computer and began inputing what I presume was the fries.  To make a long story short, after much reassurence they were coming, they never came.  We finally had enough and decided to call over the manager to make her aware of our experience.  She seemed very sorry and apologized but only proceeded to take off our apps and drinks from the bill.  You would think that our meal would have been taken care of.  Lastly, we were celebrating two birthdays that weekend in Vegas and I made Bouchon aware when we made our res.  However, they did nothing to acknowledge that.  Overall a very dissapointing experience.  With all of the great restaurants in Vegas, I will never be returning to Bouchon and I suggest you check out many of the better offerings of Sin City.
2	Breakfast only rating.Coffee took 10 minutes to arrive. Cream another 5. Waffles and side order of bacon - cold. Waitress MIA whole meal - never asked how things were or enabled us to get more coffee.2 stars for my wife's breakfast was fine and they comped my waffles after I complained.
5	Had just one night as we were passing through. Wanted to go fancy but unsure where to go. Decided on Bouchon based on the fact that we love Bouchon Bakery in the Time Warner Center. LOVED this Bouchon-so grown up-so fancy-but not pretentious-wonderful staff. Ordered the Roast Chicken ((minus the bacon) which was a knockout & loved the Chocolate Salted Caramel desert. Will return and will probably order the same thing-still thinking about that roast chicken today.
5	I love Bouchon, it is the best place in Las Vegas for breakfast hands down. I make it a point to come for the Ouef and boudin blanc at least once each trip and the pastry is not to be missed. The portions are sufficient but not huge and the service is efficiently understated, just what I need early in the morning.
5	Rico was an amazing server. AND it was his birthday. And with what didn't even feel like a long wait, he got the head chef to comp us several appetizers and a lemon custard birthday tart for one of our friends. Perfection. The food was incredible (bone marrow was like butter and the raspberry sorbet was RIDICULOUS), and the service truly made for a memorable experience.
5	Every time we go to Vegas we go to this place. I absolutely love it here. Amazing service, and extraordinary food. The atmosphere and view of the pool make you want to just sit at the table and talk all day. The brioche French Toast is always amazing ad we got an order of that to split. It is a great consistency, with the soft apples and cinnamon between the stacks. Our waitress was very informed about everything on the menu and suggested a customized version of the *Croque Madame" which was amazing. My other half had the Sandwich de Charcuterie which was among the best sandwiches I have ever had. Idk if it was the combo of the pepperoncinis and the balsamic or what, but the sandwich was incredible. We actually switched entrees because i loved the sandwich and she loved the Croque.  Overall great service, atmosphere, and amazing attention to detail on everything including the food. A mist in Las Vegas.
5	This was absolutely my best meal in Vegas. We came here for brunch on Sunday around 9am.  We were seated immediately and we were able to sit outside in the courtyard with the incredible sun shining down.  The coffee is divine - bold and rich.  Best coffee I had in Vegas.  I had the Oeuf & Boudin blanc while the BF got the Gravlax with croissant.  Great portion for an early morning meal. Food was expertly cooked and beautifully presented. The cherry jam and butter combination are OUT OF THIS WORLD!But the real reason it topped my list was the SERVICE.  I'm kicking myself for not remembering our waiter's name.  He is the yard stick by which all service professionals should be measured against!  I had asked if there was somewhere I could buy the amazing cherry jam - knowing that they had a bistro in the Venetian premises. He told me no, I couldn't buy it.  Instead, brought out three 4oz sized to go cups of jam for me.  I'm still eating this amazing jam 1 week later. You must stop here for the incredible service, food and atmosphere. Bring your honey and wow them!
5	I came here for my birthday with a girlfriend of mine and we had a blast. We had saved up for the dinner and it did not disappoint. I ordered the boeuf braise and she ordered the croque madame and both were delicious.Honestly, I am so happy I ordered the boeuf even though it was on the more expensive side. The meat basically melted when the fork barely touched it. OMG !!! then the pasta was exceptional and I found myself licking the plate clean. The cocktails were a little pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. I loved it and would recommend it to anyone! The wait staff was very attentive and very helpful and very professional.
5	Celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary at Bouchon for brunch April 27th, 2013.  Had a group of 16 including two children and they graciously accommodated us all.  The food was UNBELIEVABLE, between all of us, all of the Brunch items were covered from the Steak Frites to the croque madame to the American Breakfast.  The only thing better than the food was the service which was impeccable.
5	All girls weekend in V-town! Went here for dinner on Sat night. Service was excellent, as expected for a restaurant at this caliber. We started out with a couple of salads and the escargot. Both were up to par. After a bottle of champagne and 3 bottles of red wine. We were ready for our night! I enjoyed the lamb for dinner, which was cooked to perfection. Two of my gf's had the chicken, which was off the bone and absolutely delicious. The waiter was oh so kind to give us 3 desserts on the house. I guess being gorgeous ladies does have its benefits.
4	Visited for breakfast on our second day in Las Vegas.  Waited about 20 minutes for a patio seat.  Hubby got the apple french toast and I got a basic breakfast of eggs, toast, sausage and potato croquettes and we both had a bellini.  Everything was good and it was a lovely (albeit pricey) way to start our day in Vegas.  Bill with tip $65.
4	Food was good, service was good, and wine was good.  Overall, I can say that I was a fan of Bouchon, and will gladly try the restaurant again.  My friend, Mr. Bloewen had the steak and fries.  The fries were the most amazing french fries I had had the pleasure of trying.  His steak looked to be cooked perfectly, and my taste was really good.My Booth had the Croque Madam.  For those of you that know Mr. Booth, he is a big chicken guy.  However, he ventured off of the norm, and really enjoyed his french specialty.I had the lamb.  The lamb had good flavor, but there were olives that it was served with.  I am not a fan of olives, so it did slightly decrease the experience for me.  Had I liked my dish better, or gotten one of theirs, I would have given Bouchon 5 stars.  It may have been my fault that I didn't read there were olives, but I wish the waiter would have given more suggestions or been more interactive.  He as basically just going through the motions.Our desert was OK, but not memorable.  We had some chocolate dessert, and an order of profiteroles.  The profiteroles were good.  Overall, it was a good meal, and I am glad that I finally went.
5	Best service in Las Vegas. I go here every time I am in town.  I am usually dining alone and the servers make you feel like the center of attention. The food is obviously great and the lemon pepper tasting sauce on the steak was beyond amazing.  They also have gorgeous private rooms for private events that I would strongly suggest. Love it!!
5	This resturant is tucked away in the Venetian and worth 2 visits in a row.  Breakfast was so divine, we came back twice!  Sticky pecan bun, Croque Madame and french toast were the highlights.  The location on the patio by the fountain, garden and pool transport you from Vegas to an Italian courtyard.... beautiful and serene.  This is a nice small resturant... tasteful and classic, no neon here.  My favorite for breakfast/bruch and sooooo much better than anywhere else.  Will be going to dinner at the Yountville branch soon!
5	Incredible.I had the Croque Madame, a ham sandwich topped with egg and my wife had a quiche and both were amazing. And "amazing" is probably much overused on Yelp, but really: amazing! Every other quiche I've ever had seemed dry once I tried Bouchon's take on it. The french fries are fried in peanut oil and tasted so good I didn't need ketchup (and I'm a ketchup fiend).We also had the pastry basket: you choose four pastries from the menu. The pecan sticky bun was my favorite.Found this in a list in the Las Vegas Sun as one of the ten must-try brunch spots in the valley; and I expected the heavy emphasis on baked treats would really ring my wife's bell.Our server, Rafael, was practically a mind reader as he brought things for us through the meal, and his recommendations were spot on.
5	EXCELLENT.  Went there for Mother's Day and everyone was very pleased.  All the dished were fresh and delicious.  Service was also great.  The wine selection was good.  Don't know what else to say, it was great.  We ate on the patio and there was one smoker who appeared to be walking to the pool nearby that was bad for ambiance so, recommend eating inside.  Besides it's cooler inside.
3	Great ambiance and fairly priced restaurants always make me a happy man. Came here on Mothers day(mother not included) and enjoyed a quick seating with a nice seat. Intially enjoyed the service but later realized it was very poor.  I felt ignored the entire time. Sever forgot multiple things. But anway once I got my ice tea I was in heaven. It was unsweetened but needed no sugar what so ever. Loved the fresh bread placed right on the table accompanied by some homemade apricot jam and butter. I ordered the open face tuna sandwich with a fancy french name and the girly friend had the waffles. The waffles were delicious! The fries I had were great as well. Overall presentation top notch. I'm a harsh reviewer but I think giving three stars and being served raw food isnt too bad. For dessert we had beignets but were served raw on the inside. Waiter kindly took it off our bill and served us a to go box with beignets in them which I kindly gave to a homeless man by Treasure Island. We'll be reading his review never but hey I won big that day great karma ! I would go back for the fries and affordability.
5	Absolute Perfection!I have been there many times and the experience is AMAZING! To begin with, the service is impeccable. From the point of making a reservation, to the dining process, all the staff are there to provide a top notch experience. The drinks are stellar and the food is always perfection. I make it a point to dine here during my Vegas trips, and will continue to do so! Excellent Job Bouchon!
5	If you are celiac and hesitant about eating out, Bouchon is safe and a really smart choice for gluten free dining.  The staff is attentive, caring and well informed.  Management is appreciative and helpful.  Food is delicious.  Drinks are superb.  Enjoy!
5	Food is amazing. We sat outside by the fountain. Great ambiance. I had the lamb medallions over rubarb and it was tender and juicy. I enjoyed every minute. The side of mac and cheese was creamy, flavorful, and rich. The real star for me was the special. It was a cold potato leek soup. The texture was smooth and buttery. On top it had crumbled bacon and blue cheese. It sounded interesting and all the components worked together so well. My boyfriend had the flat iron steak. It was like butter. It was cooked perfectly and the pomme frites were hot, well seasoned and perfectly cooked. He said his salad was well dressed and tasty. I loved the warm pistachios that are served when you first sit down. Our server was nice, but seemed a bit slow. The back waiters however, were not. They were quick to remove plates and replenish our bread, pistachios, and water.  They sent out a complementary lemon cheesecake for my birthday! What a nice touch! We didn't finish it, we were so full!To me, this was an epic meal. I really was so happy we chose this restaurant to celebrate my birthday!
5	Actual wait: 20 min., told to wait: 35 min. My boyfriend and I crashed brunch here (wouldn't take reservations) on MOTHER'S DAY, and thought we would be waiting forever, but the kitchen and wait staff were completely prepared for the extra crowd. All women were given  free mimosas (as many as we wanted), and mini champagne macaroons from the bakery (with the check). They definitely did not hold back on the booze in the mimosas.Price: I expected to pay at least $100-$150. It was less than $80 before tip (for two people, ordering enough food for 3 or 4 people)Food: We ordered a cheese sampler with bread and honey comb and preserves, quiche with salad, pancakes with strawberries and vanilla butter and creme, and crab Benedict with peas,mushrooms, and crispy, cube potatoes. Let's not mention the little bread clusters with butter and peach compote, the tea carafe, and free mimosas. Pretty much the best breakfast ever, but I had some trouble choosing until our waiter told about the egg Benedict special.
4	I can definitely see the hype with this place. D'Artagnan, Strawberry drinks were all delicious and well...endowed haha.Quiche & chicken/waffles were all delicious as well, no complaints there. Would love to come back if time permits.Only complaint is they called our name but we didn't hear it so we waited longer than necessary. Maybe you could have tried again? Or gotten the name right? I take brunch very seriously and you don't want to see me with the hangries!
5	While in Las Vegas for business my colleague and I decided that we'd use our company food reimbursement solely on our dinner (breakfast and lunch were being provided so this left a good amount of money).  We searched on Yelp and found Bouchon - and how can you go wrong with anything Thomas Keller?  In San Francisco we can't get foie gras and I hadn't ever tried it before but was excited to - it was absolutely delicious!  We also shared the gnocchi (which is pasta rather than potato) and the beef short ribs - both were spectacular.  I had a glass of red wine which was delicious even though it was one of the less expensive choices - I especially enjoy when a restaurant will serve good wines that are less costly.  I would definitely go back again.
2	I read an article a few years back, and the writer asked Thomas Keller what he thought of Yelp, the restaurant mogul was unfamiliar with the site.  After reading many Yelps for Bouchon, many diners are spreading their love for Keller, which was why we chose to dine at Bouchon on our holiday.  We walked into a pretty vacant restaurant, and were seated promptly.  This place is very "fine dining" but because it is located in a hotel you get all sorts of tourists.  Lets say Thomas Keller might not approve of a diner wearing cutoffs and running shoes, while choking down a $22 breakfast, but hey, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.  My sis and i  both ordered the the breakfast plate that came with  two eggs, potato croquettes, toasted brioche & applewood smoked bacon.  Moments later our food arrived, and my sis took one bit of her bacon, and pulled a face, the food was cold.  We debated just eating it, but if Keller can make oysters and pearls, can he not make bacon and eggs?  We told our server our issue, and she seemed shocked that there was an issue, and returned it to the kitchen.  Our plates came out again, this time they might have been 1 degree warmer.  We didn't want to send our food back for the third time, so we sucked it up.  The manager was very generous accommodating us with a box of pastries for the trouble.  Overall i wouldn't go back, I think Thomas Keller has stretched his name a bit too thin, and this restaurant is not dishing out the same quality of food that he would oversee at The French Laundry.
4	Very cute almost hidden gem inside Venetian.  Had breakfast there.  I had the French toast bread pudding.  Very good, but I have had one better at Julienne's in Los Angeles so it's hard to compare.  The atmosphere is very cozy and good service.
3	There are days where I want a nicely prepared meal. And then there are days where I want to stuff my face at a buffet. Our friends chose Bouchon for brunch because we were itching for the former.I tried a small piece of the sourdough waffles with fresh strawberries and vanilla bean butter. It was very tasty, like a fried waffle. The vanilla bean butter was a nice touch.The vanilla bean yogurt with granola was tasty, and boy do they give you a LOT of granola! A bit too rich for my taste, but the granola helped ease it.The Cobb salad - didn't take a picture, but it was kinda meh. Limp iceberg lettuce, scarce pieces of chicken, and a small portion to boot for a $17 salad.This is a good stop for some carb-loading for any pre-intense-cardio on the dance floor at a club later in the evening. The service is great and our waters were constantly filled.Price-wise, it's high for a mediocre meal at The Venetian hotel. I think I'll stop by Grand Luxe the next time around, as their menu contains better choices. Not recommended for those looking for healthy options - everything tasted very rich and heavy.
4	In vegas for a girls weekend - checked out bouchon for our first dinner off the plane.Great!  the wait staff was knowledgeable and were able to recommend a wine in our price range based on my description rather than a type that was a perfect fit.  Somewhat tucked away and hard to find but worth the search!
4	So yes this is a fun Dinning Experience for those that want something fresh and tasty... Snails! Bone marrow! Pork Belly! Shrimp rissoto :(    service :)Go, its worth it!
5	Delicious!
4	Excellent food... but for the slow serviceWas excited to try Bouchon as a Thomas Keller fan.  To be upfront, Bouchon is no French Laundry.  The latter blew me away whereas, Bouchon was excellent but unremarkable.  I had the chicken and waffles, which were superb and the waffles threw me for a happy loop with the bacon specks cooked in and the flavored butter.  Other folks in our family had rave reviews for the Tartine de Thon, Bouchon French Toast, and trout dish.  Gravlax and Croque de Madame were said to be good.Service staff was very nice, though remarkably slow in their execution.Couple criticisms: (1) Service was exceptionally slow!  Ordering took about 25 minutes.  It was about 50 minutes before food was on the table.  And paying was the equivalent of a race with your chunky buddy on your back.  All in all, our dining experience took about 2.5 hours.  (2) The Bouchon Pastry Basket was grocery store caliber.  Two of the flavors came back as unavailable.  Then, when the platter did arrive, they all had cold centers.  Seriously, for $13 for four pastries, I would expect thorough reheating.(3) We sat in the back right and with things taking so long, the sun was hitting us hard.  My cousin and I started eating lunch with our sunglasses on.  As the temperature on my phone crossed 90-degrees, I called over the staff and asked to either move or have them pull some kind of shade.  They kindly put an outside umbrella against the window which helped greatly.  They were very kind in responding.  I would have liked it more if they had thought ahead reacted to our discomfort without being asked.  We aren't the only ones who have eaten at the table.In sum, excellent food, slow service, nice staff, a few knocks on food preparation, and a some small doubts on quality for the price.
5	This is one of the only restaurants that has never let me down.Ive lived in Las Vegas for 7 years, I have eaten here about a dozen times.I come here when I want to show someone a good time.I insist on the brunch.The Quiche Lorraine is spectacular and everytime I have it, It gets better and better.I keep trying to order more things, so what i do is bring my friends and family here so I can get them to order and I taste everything.Thier bacon is RIDICULOUS! Even thier butter is the most amazing butter Ive ever tasted. I love the service there, It is immaculately clean everytime, never really loud, and not as uptight as you would think. I have never been dissapointed EXCEPT when I order "specials" because you cant go back and get them when you want. If they offer Cauliflower soup, I highly reccommend. As is the Shrimp and Grits. Dinner is perfect, and the portions are bigger than you would expect. This is the perfect place to take Mom or Grandma for lunch! If you want to get laid take your date here for dinner! She will definitely put out!I really love this place, I could eat there every day if I could. The only negative thing I could say about it... Im not fond of the french bread they offer the table, it is way too french for me and I prefer a more airy fluffy bread, The location in the hotel from parking garage is a pleasant little walk..This is a MUST for anyone visiting Las Vegas.Ive also been to the Bouchon in Beverly Hills for dinner, and toured the kitchen, and it was exactly what you would expect from Chef Keller. A very quiet peaceful kitchen, everyone is very matronly, focused and the back of the house was spotless.
4	My group and I were highly impressed with this restaurant. The reservation was easy to get; much easier than our reservation for French Laundry which we waited 3 months for which Thomas Keller owns as well. We did arrive slightly late (15 minutes or so) and the hostess seemed unaffected. She was able to seat us promptly upon arrival of our group.We enjoyed the bread very much and the view was fun! The service was fabulous and so was dinner! The after dinner coffee was also wonderful! I was hoping to see the truffles at the end of the meal (like they do at French Laundry) but there were none... Still an amazing meal :)
5	Best Brunch location in Vegas.  Period.
2	went for brunch. overall food was pretty good (I got the chicken and waffles), but not for the $$.  pastries, especially pecan sticky bun,  were excellent.  Our waitress was horrible and extremely unprofessional, probably why she is working the brunch shift. However, you would think tho that at a restaurant of this $$ range, even brunch servers would be good. there were 3 of us, we each got 1 alcoholic drink and the total was $145 with tip; pretty pricey for an average breakfast(aside from pastries) and poor service
5	Had breakfast at Bouchon after finally finding the place in the terribly confusing Venetian (and we've been to the casino many times).My wife had the waffles with strawberries and vanilla syrup.  I had the sourdough French toast with bread pudding.  This was the best breakfast we have ever had bar none!  What we cook at home as waffles and French toast seem like totally different foods!Service was good though perhaps a bit stiff.  No real issue though.
4	My favorite place for brunch in Vegas (Haven't been here outside of the morning). The food is delicious, and while you're at the Venetian, why eat at the Grand Lux (It's the Cheesecake Factory guys) when you can go to Bouchon for the same price? They've never disappointed me.PRO TIP: If you've been up all night and want some grub before crashing, take a dip in the Palazzo garden hot tubs (open at 6:30am) next to the restaurant's outdoor seating.  Bouchon opens at 7am. Don't drown.
5	Loved the food!  The service started off great and then died.  Sad part that it wasnt busy so we didnt understand where the waiter went.  Didnt get to try the chicken and waffles but definitely next time.Bouchon Pastry Basket (assortment of four pastries) Pain au Chocolat $4.00 Pecan Sticky Bun $4.25 Blueberry Muffin $3.50 Scone $3.75  Beignets du Jour house-made  spiced doughnuts with Bouchon Bakery jam $7.00 Quiche du Jour classic French tart  with a savory custard filling  $13.50 Croque Madame grilled ham & cheese sandwich on brioche with a fried egg & sauce Mornay served with French fries $18.95 Corned Beef  Hash  corned beef hash served  with two eggs any style & toast $18.00
5	The best breakfast I have ever had. Good quality food! I cant wait to try lunch!
4	It was really a 3.5 star experience for me. I am giving it 4 stars because I do want to come back and try other stuff off the menu. I got the bone marrow, salade de betteraves and lamb. It was my first time trying bone marrow for me and I really liked it. But my fave of the night was the salad. As for the lamb, it was good too but nothing exceptional. For me, I think I had too great of an expectation going in. I have been to plenty of restaurants in Vancouver and they are just as good. As for the service, we didn't feel neglected but it wasn't spot on.But I would definitely would like to give it another chance next time I am in town.
5	This ain't your Roscoe's Chicken n Waffles...but this herb roasted chicken can probably compete with any chicken dish any restaurant offers.  The herb roasted chicken had a nice crispy skin and was fall off the bone moist.  It was paired with this amazing Chasseur sauce/gravy that just added another layer of flavor to the already delicious chicken.  My favorite part of course....bacon/chive laced waffles!! The waffles have a nice crispy exterior and soft fluffy interior and come with an amazing vanilla bean butter with maple syrup.  Sweet/savory perfection in one meal!  I'm salivating as I write this review....it's that good....you should always recommend this place to your friends and if you want to impress your foodie out of towners take them here!
4	We had breakfast here and really enjoyed it.  Do yourselves a favor and enjoy some pastries!
3	it might have been cause the 1/2 yard 44 magnum drink i downed on the strip prior to dinner but i was not hungry after the appetizer.  We ordered the salmon tartar (which was amazing) but my entree was meh.  I ordered the gnocchi.  it had spinach & mushrooms mixed but def a lil too salty for my liking.  for four girls.. we ordered an appetizer, 3 salads, 1 soup, and 2 entrees... family styled it.... and paid about $40 per person. (for tab, tax, & tip)
4	I finally had dinner here after staying at the Venetian several times.  My friend and I ordered the escargots a la bourguignonne ($17.50 - red wine braised Burgundy snails w/ garlic butter & Bouchon pastry puff pastry);  petite plateau ($65 - a seafood tower w/ a 1/2 lobster, 8 oysters, 4 shrimp, 4 clams and 8 mussels; gigot d'Agneau ($33.95 - roasted leg of lamb w/ wilted cavolo nero, garden rhubarb, nicoise olives, crispy panisse and lamb jus); and saumon poele ($36.50 - sauteed Scottish salmon ministra w/ manila clams, salsify, oyster mushrooms and young artichokes - not pictured).The escargots were the best ones I have ever had.  In most restaurants the garlic and butter overpower the snails.  Not in this case.  The snails were large, uber fresh, super tender and their was just enough sauce to flavor the snails:  5 Stars.  The seafood tower was also excellent.  The seafood was uber fresh and the star of the tower was the oysters and clams.  The brininess of the ocean where each oyster came from stood out:  5 Stars.  Our entrees were very good.  The gigot d'Agneau was very well thought out by chef Thomas Keller.  The lamb was medium rare and the combination of sweetness of the cavolo nero (an Italian kale), and the tartness of the olives went well w/ the strong flavor of the lamb.  The crispness of the panisse (a chickpea flourcake) also contrasted nicely.  I did not snap a pic of my friend's salmon but he said it was very good also.To accompany the meal we ordered a 1/2 bottle of Louis Jadot Beaune Theurons Pinot Noir ($50).  My friend is a wine connoisseur and he never steers us wrong.  The wine was excellent and the winery is one of the renowned ones in this region in France that produces light, fruity wines that go well w/ meat, seafood and cheese:  5 Stars.The only downside to the meal was the service was spotty.  We arrived early and we went to have drinks in the bar.  We didn't see a waiter so I went to the bar.  There were two bartenders and one managerial type.  It took a while for one of the two bartenders to notice me.  In addition, when I asked to charge it to my room, the bartender said I had to fill out some slip - WTF?!?!?!  When I checked in the person said I could use my keycard to pay for meals, et al.  I ended up using my credit card.  Secondarily, when we were seated the hostess tried to put us in a table for two next to a post.  The seat next to the post did not have much hip room.  My friend and I are both 6'2" and 225+.  We asked to be seated at a table for four and the hostess displayed a bit of displeasure.  Come on girl!!!  It was not that busy and we were going to drop $300 - We deserved a large enough table to hold our Petite Plateau!!!  Lastly, the shrimp were not peeled and the lobster was not cracked.  We understood the foregoing because the chef wants to demonstrate the freshness of the seafood.  However, when we mentioned it to the waiter, all he did was apologize vs offering a solution.  I said OK, and ate the lobster head like a "Hombre de Cavernas", much to the chagrin of some clients.  F*ck em!!!  I wanted to get all the meat out:  2 Stars on service.The ambiance is excellent.  There is a fresh seafood bar on your left when you walk in.  The bar is also very nice with a large clock in background.  Lastly, the restaurant reminds you of Bistro in Paris:  5 Stars.I will definitely come back to Bouchon when I am in Vegas.  I always stay at the V, so Bouchon is easy to find on the 10th floor.
3	Since I live in SF and have been to Ad Hoc in Napa I kinda knew what to expect here. The food is excellent. Nothing too fancy or creative - just French bistro food. It's a little hard to find hidden in the back of the Venetian. It feels like a real stand-alone restaurant that way since it doesn't overlook the casino floor and has its own pool next to it separate from the rest of the casino. Since I arrived ahead of the party I had a drink at the bar which was very nice. Then when our gigantic bachelorette party we seated promptly and proceeded like any large group to discuss what we should all be ordering for dinner. After much back and forth across the table we ordered a bunch of appetizers. For our half of the table (5 ppl) we had what I like to call the trio of fats - foie gras (5 oz), salmon rillette (salmon w/ butter) and bone marrow. I thought they were all good but being a big foie gras fan and having it banned in California that was definitely my favorite. It comes in a little pot (same as the salmon) which provides a lot of spread for the bread. I was laying it on really thick and we still ran out of toast. Still tasted just as good with the table bread.Since I knew how us girls are when going out to eat together (eat waaay too many appetizers then feel too full to eat the rest of our meal), and I knew we were going out clubbing afterwards I stuck with the french onion soup for dinner. Although I was jealous of everyone else's food (chicken, steak, seafood) it was more than enough and at least I wasn't groaning at the end.  The soup was perfect french onion soup.We also ordered one of every dessert on the menu to pass around and share but I wasn't really tempted by anything but a few bites from the cheese plate.Service was excellent except for a small incident not at our table. In the middle of dinner everyone looked up because we could smell something burning. Someone said it smelled like burnt hair but we couldn't see anything. Some aussies at the table behind us informed us that at the next table over - another big bachelorette party - the waiter had attempted to put a tea light on the table and passed too close to one of the girls and her hair had burnt. Wow. Crazy, right? Even worse the Aussies observed that after this happened the waiter just walked away and the restaurant acted like nothing happened. No one rushed over to the table to apologize or anything. Then 10 minutes later everyone sees the EMTs arrive with their gear and the girl has a huge ice pack over her face. I guess she was okay because eventually they left without eating but they did not look happy. I'm not sure if it's the restaurants policy to downplay incidents so as to not upset other patrons but from my pov it seemed like they treated the girls really crappy. Afterwards we found pieces of burnt hair in the bathroom where she had obviously gone to fix things. Excellent food though the menu isn't that interesting (very little wow factor). Minus a star for the bizarre incident which put a damper on our meal.
5	Once again, I opted for Bouchon to be my last meal in Vegas before my flight home.  This made for somewhat of a rush though since I got there when it opened for brunch at 8am and my flight was at 11am.  This is where coming in early and already know what you're ordering comes real handy since I got seated right away.Of course for brunch, it had to be their Roast Chicken with Bacon & Chive Waffles.  With the exception of their Croque Madame, there really isn't anything else that I would order.  And as usual, it was OMGYUM!  The chicken was nice and juicy and so rich with the gravy and the waffles were still epic with the maple syrup.  Because I had to fly though my meal, I didn't get to take a pic of it.  But it's pretty much the same as the other 4 times I've had it.  Here's an earlier pic I took of it if you haven't seen it before:  http://bit.ly/YxtMdB  It's still my favorite meal in all of Las Vegas!!I was just so impressed with how fast my waiter was and also how fast the food came out.  It was all so perfectly timed that by the time I finished my meal, I had only spent about 30 mins at Bouchon with plenty of time to get back to Encore, check out, and head on over to McCarran Airport.  Big props goes out to Bouchon for pulling that off!I definitely need to come by for dinner next time.  I keep on saying that but always end up going for brunch.  So hopefully on my next trip I'll be able to follow through with it.  All in all, despite only spending 30 mins over there, another solid 5 star experience!
4	4 1/2 stars. Came in on a Thursday evening without reservations around 8:30pm. Located on the 10th floor this was my first visit to Bouchon Las Vegas.I was greeted by my waiter who took my wine order and his assistant brought out the Epi - branch leafed bread.  The bread was overcooked and some was inedible due to the hardness. I went with the Gigot D'Agneau - Roasted leg of lamb with wilter cavolo nero, garden rubard, nicoise olives, crispy panisse and lamb a jus. The lamb was not gamey and cooked perfectly at medium rare, the rubard was yummy and I enjoyed the panisse. I deliberately ordered only a main entree so I could save room for dessert and went with  the waiter's suggestion Mille-Feuille - Puff pastry, vanilla bavarois and raspberry sorbet. The dessert was off the chart - devine!I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here at Bouchon although I feel the Yountville location was slightly better but then again my choices of food were different.
4	Excellent service, beautiful decorated restaurant. Brunch was fabulous, the crab hash is tasty, raspberry stuffed beIgnets are a must....yummy caviar..da bomb...
2	Beautiful decor and atmosphere, fairly attentive service, but....the food is nothing to write home about. I was very underwhelmed with the breakfast at Bouchon. Ordered the omelet special of the day (with steak, roma tomatoes and feta), which was delivered to me cold. They promptly and kindly replaced it with a "fresh" one, which was at least hot. However, it was still a poor excuse for an omelet...rubbery, flavorless eggs, chewy steak and under-ripened tomatoes. Bacon is pretty tasty, but isn't bacon always tasty? Brioche toast was dry and not very buttery, and coffee was a bit stale. If you're in Vegas and want a good breakfast, try the Peppermill on the strip instead...you'll spend a lot less and leave much happier.
4	Bouchon is more than just breakfast."I'll buy dinner and the wine" says Lucas, my poker bud from France, "as long as it's French" then giggles."Ever heard of Thomas Keller?"  I remark."The dry cleaning guy?"  he quips in his thick French accent, as if the chef of one of the greatest restaurants in the US, the Michelin three star French Laundry, can't compare to the French."Bouchon it is but if you like the food, you pay the check and twice that to me in cold, hard cash"."Book it" is the smug reply.Truly French, baguette, chewy, expertly baked with a crisp crust.  It's required to carry the delicious "stuff" that is to follow:(1) Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard - Velvety smooth with a clean foie taste, balanced saltiness and a kiss of Sauternes sweetness.(2) Pate de Champagne; a country style pate akin to a finely ground head cheese.  Delicious tasty bits of this and that.  Perfect with grain mustard and cornichons that elevate it's natural sweetness.(3) Rillettes aux Deux Saumons (a combination of fresh and smoked salmon rillettes, prepared in terrine and topped with a layer of clarified butter.  Rich, fatty, salty salmon bits begging to be spread on some crusty bread.Finally the must have, Brandade de Morue ala Provencal.  Not the traditional whipped salt cod and olive oil, this interpretation is deep fried into crisp, light balls of goodness.  Incredible.A nice selection of creamy goat, sheep, and cows milk cheeses finishes the meal.Service is French casual and Vegas friendly.Short but very well chosen French / domestic French style wine list.  $100 average bottle price with few selections below $65.Oh yeah, "Pay up Frenchie".  He did; in Euros.  Ugh.
1	Sad to say the Bouchon in Vegas does not seem like true Thomas Keller quality...so it saddens me to write this review, when I consider the Yountville Bouchon a 6-star joint!FRENCH TOAST: probably the best thing we had, but mostly because it was like brioche bread pudding and not really a breakfast food--I thought I was getting breakfast.  We had dessert at 10am. Oh well.  While the general flavor was pretty good, I do not know why they poured the syrup on the plate--it made everything that touched it soggy and uber sweet. So that's to say I ate around those sickly sweet parts because I don't like it sticky soggy sweet.  If you put the syrup on the side, which I didn't know i had to ask for, I might have really enjoyed this.CORNED BEEF HASH: it had real hunks of corned beef and potatoes, but it didn't have much flavor.  I think it's a totally fixable dish.  STEAK AND EGGS: well it was what they said, steak and eggs, with potatoes on a skillet.  The steak was ordered medium rare and it came out medium to almost medium well--c'mon, this is a Thomas Keller joint, isn't steak temperature one of the most basic things?  And then on top of it, the steak had no flavor.  It was like ok Safeway meat, thrown in a pan, with no seasoning.  If it was like a $2 dish, maybe I would understand but I'm pretty sure it was a lot more than that.COFFEE: it was bitter and not enjoyable at all.ORANGE JUICE: it was sour, but it was fresh squeezed so it's a risk you take, I know.Service was friendly and quick at least.  And the decor is nice like a big version of the Yountville location (thankfully no neon Vegas lights or anything).  The only thing I wished they did was when we walked in, the restaurant was empty, and the hostess said it will be a 20-25 minute wait.  Maybe she could have explained 30 seconds because we all looked confused why you're telling me there's a huge wait when there's tons of tables--you know, we only have so many servers during the day, or we close half the restaurant etc...in any case, we got seated in 5 minutes so I'm not complaining, but I'm just saying it was odd.On weekdays they only serve their breakfast menu from 7am to 1pm and there is limited lunch items...I absolutely love the Yountville location but this one is no comparison so I don't need to come back to the Vegas Bouchon...Tips--It is located in the Venezia Tower. If you enter the Venetian main lobby, turn right at the registration desk (NOT towards the casino) and take the elevator to the Venezia lobby (it's like on the 14 floor or something, but there is only one button anyway)--Bathrooms are located outside of the restaurant--There is outdoor seating that overlooks one of the pools as well as indoor seating--if you use their massive Bouchon stamp at the front of the restaurant, be ready for a really loud noise to imprint the card...it is cool, but it is hugely loud.
5	First thing's first, ask to sit in Adam's section. He is the best at what he does. Attentive, polite and entertaining. Ask me again if I want Baileys in my coffee and I'd probably say, "Yes, pour it up, pour it up." Almost had to go all RiRi on him.Second thing, ladies/gentlemen/pool go-ers, you will not be served by the restaurant if you are not actually wearing clothes. Aka, bikini tops/bottoms, tankinis and midriffs are not allowed. The host will probably tell you to go back to your room and change. Okay, now to my review of my overall experience.We got to the restaurant on a Sunday at around 12pm to have brunch. Like a boss, we were seated within five minutes of arriving. ***DISCLAIMER: THERE ARE NO BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS HERE.*** Kind of the first thing I look for when I go to any Sunday brunch, nowadays. Don't worry, I don't have a problem.Chocolate croissant: Flakiest chocolate croissant I've ever had with slivers of almond and a drizzle of chocolate on top. Absolutely perfect.Raspberry beignets: Not my favorite of the selection because the raspberry jam within the beignet was too sweet and the entire thing was just coated with sugar, so too sweet for my taste, but hey, who's to say this won't be the perfect fancy donut hole for some other brunch go-er.Steak Frites: Those frites tho. They are probably the best I've ever had. Next to anything with truffle oil on them. So, take note, Bouchon, I like truffle fries as much as the next person. Can I get an 'amen?' Steak was cooked perfectly and covered with onions. Now, if you're weird like me and don't like the taste of the onions, then refrain, refrain, refrain from ordering this. Or you can ask them to omit the onions, but I'd rather get the food the way that it's supposed to come. Chicken and Waffles: Bacon, bacon and bacon. Whaaat? Yeah. If you're looking for greasy fried chicken, you're not gonna get it with their version. It is a roasted half chicken with a side of chive waffles. And you guessed it, there's also bits of bacon in the chive waffles. Also comes with a side of gravy that comes with plenty of, you guessed it again, bacon. I was halfway expecting the maple syrup to be bacon infused. But I didn't even use the maple syrup, so I guess I'll never know. The chicken was moist, the skin slightly charred and the gravy added the perfect saltiness that the chicken needed. The waffles were a perfect balance of sweet and salty. I, also, ordered a coffee, which they kept filling and piping hot. The overall experience was great. I have no complaints. The service is the best. Make sure you ask to sit in Adam's section.
4	I'm not a brunch type of person because I'd rather save my appetite for lunch or dinner. However some of my friends are brunch type people and the last 2 visits to Las Vegas I went here to eat with them. Sometimes I surprise myself for being able to wake up on time for a meal this early in Las Vegas. Might be tricky to find but it's below lobby level of The Venetian.The food here is very good, and the selection of different type of brunch food and pastries is big. Both times that I've been here, we had to order the foie gras spread. So delicious! Corned Beef Hash was what I had and the portions are very big. Our waitress was friendly and knew the menu very well.
4	Came here for brunch on a Tuesday and I am glad we did.  Got there and had to wait about 10 mins before we got seated.  The server greeted up promptly.  The service here was fantastic.  Our water is always filled and our server checked on us often.  Items we ordered:French Toast - This is more like bread pudding.  Its a little on the sweet side, but overall this is pretty good.Croque Madame - Pretty good dish.  I actually like this better than the French Toast and the fries it came with was yummy in my tummy as well.Will come back there to try their dinner items the next time I visit Vegas.
5	My husband and I were staying at the Venetian. I saw the Yelp reviews for this place and the menu online and wanted to give it a try.We came for brunch. The food was wonderful! The fresh bread and maple preserves they bring to the table are quite tasty.  I had the Chicken and Waffles. Best I ever had. My husband had the Croque Madame which was also really good. I think the apple juice I had was made in-house. Delicious!I highly recommend this place! It's a bit pricey but worth it. They really need to come to DC.
4	Went back to have breakfast/lunch on a Wednesday morning with 5 other people.  We entered at around 11 and was seated in 10 mins.  We were hugely disappointed to find out that things were not the same on weekday mornings as they are on the weekends.  First, no complimentary pastries or bread (like was raved about).  Also, no specialty items like chicken and waffles.  Service was ok.  Waiter seemed a tad slow on things.  We ordered the french toast (great as always), the smoked salmon lox, corn beef has, and a few other pastries.The smoked salmon lox was really good.  You just had to assemble it yourself (cream cheese, onions, tomatoes, etc.).I thought the best dish was the corn beef hash.  The corn beef was really juicy, meaty, and tender.  Probably one of the best ones that I have tasted. Would definitely order that dish again.All in all, a good experience, just bummed that we were not able to enjoy the weekend brunch items and experience.
5	Bouchon is not just a pasterie!! Brunch here is amazing!!! Every time I am in Vegas, since I have been introduced to this place, I must stop in for brunch. EVERYTHING IS GOOD! A lot of their pasteries are seasonal, so ask the wait staff for their recommendations. I've never been steered wrong. The specialty menu is listed on chalk boards throughout the restaurant and always has amazing options. The regular menu, which also changes per season, has never disappointed either.LOVE:- Strawberry croissant- Pecan chocolate croissant- Gravlox- Duck confit: light, perfectly prepared- Chicken & Buckwheat waffles: vanilla bean butter was a little too sweetWhen in Vegas, this place is a MUST TRY! It's worth the price. Don't be late! Last brunch seating ends at 2:00pm sharp.
2	We came for breakfast.Steak and eggs:  plain, asked for medium rare steak - came medium well.  Potatoes over cooked and bitter.  Eggs cooked perfect, though. $25!Bread pudding French toast:  super sweet.  It's a dessert.  The syrup came prepoured so we couldn't even adjust.  It was good but couldn't take more than a few bites.  Wow - sweet!Coffee:  bitter.  Really bitter.  (I enjoyed the bouchon in Sonoma - 5 stars.  Bouchon in Las Vegas - 2 stars)
4	We stayed at the Venetian so Bouchon was just an elevator ride and a short walk away. It was brunch hour and we were able to use a 15% off coupon for their Journee menu. My wife got the Les Oeufs which she got with scrambled oeufs, bacon, brioche toast, and awesome potato croquettes. I got the sourdough waffle with strawberries, pecans, maple syrup, and I ordered a side of bacon (which ended up being like 6 strips.) For dessert we had beignets, which were amazingly prepared... Crisp yet fluffy and served with hazelnut spread and jam.All the food was delicious, although a bit on the pricey side for breakfast. We would definitely eat here again.
5	My favourite restaurant in Vegas. I like the steak and Lamb dishes here, I have not tried any of their other dishes. The oysters are the best, they serve the best west coast oysters. The wine selection is good but overpriced, which is only the downside of Bouchon. But hey you are in Vegas you can make your money back at the Casino! :)
4	From the minute we walked in, we were greeted then seated almost immediately. Our waitress was very patient with us while we looked over the French menu trying to decide what we wanted to eat. My wife ordered the shrimp omelet and French toast.  I ordered the smoked turkey club which came with fries. We both liked our food and had no complaints.  The bill was ridiculous to say the least! My wife whipped out a coupon that and they took 10 bucks off the bill.  It was a good experience and we would good to eat there again.
5	Great food and excellent service. Steak was cooked to perfection and my lamb shank was very flavorful and tender. Only thing I can point out was the lamb was bit on the salty side. My family was very happy and didn't get the name of the waiter but thank you. You made us feel right at home
5	5-star reviews at Bouchon are a dime a dozen, but I really want to share my experience because it was just that great.We made a reservation here for a late anniversary celebration, at 6pm to avoid the crowds, and because we were seeing Mystere later. Great choice, the restaurant was emptyish and it was nice and quiet. We decided the apps and sides looked more interesting than the entrees, so we ordered a bunch of things to taste, like:-Oysters-Bone Marrow -Quiche du jour-Salade des tomates-Tiger Shrimp Risotto-Marinated OlivesA standout for me was the bone marrow. Having never tried this before, I was excited to see that it came with thick grilled bread. We scooped the marrow out and spread it on the bread, and drizzled some of the garlic/parsley/shallot/sherry vinegar sauce over it. Just out of this WORLD. So decadent...I definitely can't eat that all the time, but was glad to try it this once!We also were presented the dessert menu, which we pondered for a few minutes before quietly deciding on sharing a lemon tart. Now, this is where it gets interesting. Before we could order, our waiter, Rico, walked up to the table with a plate of dessert-a lemon tart, which was compliments of the chef. How did he--? Maybe it's the standard celebratory dessert, but I'd much rather think that the tables were mic'd up or that the waitstaff have the ability to read minds. Keeping the mystery alive! What a fantastic dinner here, can't wait to come back and try the croque madame, which sounds incredible.
5	Allow me to add my review to the numerous reviews of Bouchon already here. After all, I've lived in Las Vegas nearly my whole life and today was my first trip. Being that my heritage is 50% French I feel as though I've been doing myself a disservice of *not* visiting Bouchon. Now that I have been, I will admit, I most certainly want to go back.Although I was disappointed I am unable to attend their brunch which is served on the weekends only, my friend and I made late breakfast plans at Bouchon on a Tuesday. When we arrived we were told there would be a 10-15 minute wait. I believe our wait was only about 5 minutes. We were brought into the dining area which has a large, cavernous feel to it because the ceilings are very high and it is a rather open restaurant. Plus there is plenty of daylight that comes in through the large, glass windows. Overall I enjoyed the feel of the restaurant. The only thing I could comment on negatively was the fact that there was a fine settling of dust on top of the velvet bench cushion I was seated on. However, I'll forgive it, since this is the desert after all.Our server arrived and offered water, which we both partook of. I informed the server we would be starting with the foie gras (2.5 oz/$25). It was served up by a gentleman who mumble-bumbled something to us as he scooped the foie gras out and presented our bread. Now, this was my first time eating foie gras so I really have nothing to compare it to, but I thought it was deliciously decadent and had a certain taste of fat/butter. My friend and I really enjoyed it and noted it got better with each bit of it you happened to eat. We didn't even finish the 2.5 oz container between the two of us.Our Croque Madames came out and I was pleasantly surprised to see it was quite a large portion of food. After all, paying upwards of almost $20 for a ham and cheese sandwich - I was hoping it would be fulfilling! The best part for me was the amazingly rich white sauce that accompanied the sandwich. It was just fantastic and everything one could hope for in a fulfilling French sauce. After all, sauces are a staple of French cuisine/cooking. As we ate and ate we became fuller and fuller. I left about half of my french fries (which were also very good!) on my plate. I went through about 3 cups of Bouchon's velvety delicious coffee. And lucky for us - our server asked if we would like cups of coffee to go! Hurray! We paid our bill as we awaited our to-go cups.Overall for food - absolute 5 stars.Overall for service - 5 stars.Ambiance/Restaurant - 4 stars. Overall rating completely has to be 5 Stars. I cannot wait for my next visit to Bouchon!
5	What a great experience!  The service was great, the food was great.  It's not even that expensive.  So happy that we decided to have breakfast here.  I didn't want to leave!
4	My 2nd Bouchon visit. First was in Yountville, back when Keller was still cooking!Came for a light bite dinner, but even ordering off the starter and salad portion of the menu, couldn't finish the food, and felt badly.. since it was all so yummy.Well prepared... romantic inside, but music was inappropriate and just way too loud. Ordered some light white wine.The dinner was just perfect...Pan epis comes to your table without plates, so don't bother asking, as I did. So fresh and crunchy.We started with the special chilled cantaloupe melon soup. Nice balance.. sweet, salty, creamy... yum.We also got the starter dish of clams with sofrito. Can get salty without any kind of bread to dip and balance it out. Then we also splurged for the cold salmon rillettes (remember.. the week we were there, it averaged 117F!!!)... also wonderfullly rich, tasty, and slathered all over fresh crostini. What we just couldn't finish was a wonderful watercress and endive salad that had chunks of Roquefort cheese and this great walnut vinaigrette and large toasted half walnuts. Perfect  and light. Full of flavor and service was not pushy.We dined in a relaxed space before heading out to the hot Strip to enjoy the night shows on the Boulevard. I heard brunch is also otherworldly.PS when arriving from Palazzo, 10th floor, Veneta bridge to get there! Restroom is outside the restaurant. Turn right when exiting; they will be on your left.
4	Not as good as Yountville... But that's me being picky! A must go if you don't travel to NY or Napa and want to try Chef Keller's cuisine.
4	We came here for Sunday brunch before heading back to LA. The wait was about 45-50 minutes but it seemed to go fast. We were started with some bread, plus butter and blueberry jelly. I really liked the blueberry jelly. Perfect sweetness of the natural blueberry flavor. It was delicious with the bread.I ordered the corn beef hash with over easy eggs and was able to try the croque madame. The corn beef hash was excellent! I didn't expect the corn beef to be thick diced chunks because I'm so use to the canned corn beef. It was a nice surprise. Cutting up my leaky eggs were a perfect combination with the potatoes making it just soft enough. Not soggy. Great flavors of pepper and a hint of salt. Corn beef had a good coriander taste but not overbearing. Excellent pieces of meat. The croque madame was yummy. It was quite filling from one bit. Very generous with the ham. The cheesy sauce drizzled on top put the whole sandwich together. I liked it very much. Bonus, the dish comes with fries. Great service.-Give it a try!p.s. Bouchon restaurant is located on the floors of the Venetian suites. If you can't find it ask so you don't waste your time looking around for it.
4	Bouchon in LV is great- and a great imitation of the Yountville restaurant.  The food, service, and all details down to the chairs, the trim on the furnishings, wall-coverings etc were precisely the same as Yountville, with the exception of the layout being much larger and on the 10th? floor LOL!  There is a certain charm lost leaving the restaurant into an elevator & then casino vs into a beautiful country vine-yardy area, but do what you can with what you have, I suppose.We enjoyed a great meal here on 4th of July, and mashed down on the fried chicken special w/ mac n' cheese, corn, biscuits, and ordered a little seared fois gras on the side (outlawed in CA of course!).  Everything was great, no complaints.  The restaurant was packed, and the mood was jolly.I'll surely come back, but the experience is different for me than with the Yountville location.   Whereas I would and have driven over 1.5 hrs for the experience in Napa, the experience is not as net positive for me in LV (although the meal was truly great). In reality, my rating would probably be 5 stars if I didn't compare it against the Napa spot and its unique charm. Some things can't be completely reincarnated in the desert, but they did a pretty good job nonetheless.
4	MR says ... if this is how I'm going to get my breakfast, I don't mind having this every single dayMRS says ... first let me get this out of the way. DON'T GET the CORNED BEEF HASH. It wasn't what I expected it to be. Basically, it was more like diced or chopped ham and potatoes. I was hoping the corned beef to be like shredded corned beef like the ones you eat during St. Patrick's day. I was disappointed BUT taste was alright. The over-easy egg helped make it better for me :) Do get the CHICKEN & WAFFLE!!! It's the BEST! and that's what they're known for. We had some pastry sampler (croissant, raspberry donuts like munchies, chocolate croissant and a pecan/walnut? type muffin). Good variety selected by our nice server.
5	This place is awesome!Service 5 starsFood 5 starsAmbiance 5 stars.Went for brunch today, and were treated 1st class. This place does not disappoint, and they treat the locals very well.I would recommend to everyone.
4	Throw your pinkies in the air. You need to have your pinkie in the air no matter what you're doing here, whether it's reading the menu, sipping your coffee, or taking a pee. It's that fanciful. You need to put on some "just came up" rap shit that samples Vivaldi and has delicate piano keys in the background and talks about bands or stacks or racks or birds or what have you denominations of ill begotten money to set the audio landscape that will match the views in the amazing outdoor garden in which you will consume the culinary raison d'etre. Oeufs brouilles et boudin en beurre blanc, bitches. Boom. That's scrambled eggs and sausage in country gravy but it's in French so fuck all that Waffle House noise. My bad, I actually love Waffle House, but again, pinkies in the air. Can't see you 'cause the money in the way and it's also this new kind of soundproofed cash being beta tested by the U.S. Mint so I can't hear you either. Fuck all that noise.The foie gras terrine? Gangsta. My friend who was there with me commented to our server, "I love this fancy peanut butter." But he said that shit with his pinkie in the air. Real recognize real. It is what it is. Haters to the left.The Bloody Mary here is just retarded. I mean that in a colloquial, superlative and complimentary way. The Bloody Mary here is Rain Man. Word.
5	YUMMMMMAY~!!!Le Boyfriend & I finally had a day to spend some quality time together after a busy birthday weekend and so based upon his love for chef Thomas Keller we decided on brunch at Bouchon.. Well it was more like breakfast because they don't serve the brunch menu on weekdays ;[[[ No worries though!We were promptly seated upon arrival by the friendly hostess. Our table was by the window which gives you a view of their pool or in our case a view of an older gentleman sunbathing in his speedo :O The atmosphere is pretty with the natural sunlight peaking through the windows and is casual but still nice. Our server, Drumaine, (I think that was his name haha) and the server assistant were AMAZING! We got:*Bouchon Pastry Basket: $13 - the strawberry croissant was to die for ahhhh; the cheese Danish was just ok; and we took the pecan crumb cake & the chocolate croissant to-go ...which my mother later told me were delicious!*Corned Beef Hash: $18 - comes with 2 eggs however way you want them cooked (I recommend sunny side) & 2 mini pieces of toast.. I really loved this dish! Perfectly seasoned and the corned beef and potatoes were perfectly cut.. The best corned beef hash I've ever had! *Croque Madame: $18.95 - a fancy ham and cheese sandwich topped with a sunny side up egg and creamy mornay sauce... comes with a mountain of pommes frites.. How can you go wrong with this? Although, I will say after indulging in the pastry basket, I really couldn't have more than 2 bites of the CM.. *Coffee: They use a delicious roast that I enjoyed black.. I did notice that it was not served piping hot.. must be a French thing? LOLAfterwards, we were going to walk over to Bouchon Bakery to pick up some macarons but we were just way too stuffed!!!We will be back to try the Steak Frittes, Chicken & Waffles (both are only served during the weekend brunch) & the Gravlax!!! The ambiance gets an A, the service gets an A+ & the food gets at A++ ;) HOT TIP: They don't take reservations for breakfast, lunch, brunch.. Their last seating is at 1PM.. We went at 12PM and there was no wait~ ALSO don't ask for ranch they don't serve that ish here LOLOLOH and Bouchon is very close to the self parking garage.. Just go to the guest elevators going up to the rooms, take the elevator to the right to the 10th floor and cross the bridge ;]]]
5	To Mr. Thomas Keller Thank you. Wish I could give you 20 stars instead of 5. This was the best meal I have ever eaten. Thank you.
5	So I'm in Vegas for a 530-person Scrabble tournament, where I'll get to see a ton of my similarly-geeky friends. Leading up to the event, the thing I was most excited about after the chance to revel in wordsmithery was being able to return to Bouchon, this time with the husband in tow (which meant I had semi-control over ordering two meals, not just one, which we would then split in whatever fashion I deemed acceptable).He got the breakfast jardiniere (eggs, brioche toast, potatoes lyonnaise, spinach, fruit, juice, tea, and a pastry -- we got chocolate almond croissant).  I got the brioche french toast and a side of corned beef hash (not on the menu, but they'll make you whatever you ask for here, within reason -- it was $8.50 in case you're curious) and a coffee. Everything was great. Eggs cooked perfectly, toast light and fluffy, spinach buttery and rich, potatoes well-crisped (and also buttery and rich). The french toast was quite rich and sweet - I definitely wouldn't have been able to eat a whole serving, but about 40% of the serving was perfect for me. The corned beef was well-seasoned and savory, the potatoes were small cubes, well-crisped -- I'm not sure that the two married perfectly, as I think the potatoes were a little too crispy to integrate just right into the meat, but I still ate all of it. The chocolate almond croissant was crazy good. I have read this recipe in the cookbook, and all the steps that go into making it, and now I can see why it's all worth all that work. If there's an almond or chocolate almond croissant on the specials menu when you're there, get it. Service was smooth early on, though it got a little slower as the place filled up (it was surprisingly full by 830am on a Friday), and we got someone else's toast delivered to us, so he went toast-less for longer than he probably should have until they figured it out. Thanks for the extra toast, Bouchon :) Any time I'm in Vegas, this will be a breakfast stop.
3	I thought the food was just fine. Not memorable, but just fine. I wish I had come for breakfast, because I understand that it is quite the bomb.I did love the service - I found my waiter to be hilarious, though I think others at my table were put off by him. (They are a slightly conventional bunch.)
3	I had the croque madame and it didn't really impress me. I was slightly disappointed. It tasted like a glorified ham sandwich. Maybe we came on an off day but I had high expectations. It was still tasty but it could have been better. And the fries were alright (I heard good things about the fries--even Anthony Bourdain raved about them on one of his shows). I'll be trying the one in Napa so hopefully I will have a better experience there.
4	Came here for a Friday brunch.  Disappointed the chicken and waffles was not on the menu.  But everything was very good.  The chocolate almond croissant was delish, and the corned beef hash and eggs were delicious and filling.  Vanilla latte was merely ok.  Nice classy place; windows face the pool area.Not cheap, think our party all paid ~$25 each.
5	I was expecting perfection and they achieved it! Gnocchi were light and pillowy. Sauces were deep and delicous. Steak frites was decadent and twice-fried like it should be. This place does not make wildly creative dishes, so if you are looking for Vegas flash, look elsewhere. What it does do is execute classic french bistro food at exceptional levels. Absolutely fabulous. The pricetag does match the quality, but it was well worth it for one of the best meals I have had in Vegas (which IS saying something in the foodie Renaissance currently blossoming here).
4	Ordered a chicken sandwich for lunch. Good food and quick service. The ambience is very nice if you choose to sit outside the restaurant.
5	On our way out of Vegas we stopped in for breakfast at Bouchon.  I had the french toast, it was truly the best I have ever had.  It was as beautiful as the picture in the cookbook I have been drooling over for months.  It lived up to all of my expectations.The hubby had the daily steak and egg omelet special.  It was delish, the meat was tender, and the side of bacon was plentiful and yummy.  It was served with brioche with house-made jam which was wonderful.  I wish I had some to take home.I can't wait to go back!
4	I had to stop by this amazing place before I left Vegas. I was not in the mood nor was feeling very happy at the moment...since it was my first time in Vegas and I had a little too much fun the night before. Anyways long story short, I ordered the chicken and waffles, order of fries, and my boyfriend got a croissant, soup of the day, and we ate. Barely ate but the food was good. Its a shame that we put it to waste. I did stop by their bakery, which is weirdly located, like the other yelpers have said, and I got half a dozen croissants to take home to Texas and 6 macarons to boot. I was really excited to try it. But I knew today was not the day, so I froze the macarons as soon as I landed and got back home and the next day enjoyed the sweetness and awesomeness that a macaron should be. Definitely try to come here for brunch, not hungover, and stop by their bakery. So yummy!
5	We've been here several times as it's one of our 'to do' list when we fly into Vegas & thus far the food has been fantastic! We love love the chicken & waffles, gravlax (aka lox &bagel), croque madame, & the pommes frites.  My husband loved the prime rib hash, but I guess it was a special since they didnt have it the last time.  The staff is great & very helpful.  Our last trip there we tried the brunch & it was crazy busy, it was packed & the staff was running around all overthe place.  Looked exhausting & made me a little dizzy watching them.  Overall its a place to check iut! Good eats!
4	Beautiful breakfast on a Friday morning.  We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, and first tried to seat us next to a crowded service area, but when I requested a different table the hostess was very accommodating and  seated us in a large booth with a view outside.  I ordered the American breakfast, because I wanted a little bit of everything; eggs, bacon, sausage, brioche, croissant, juice and coffee.  YUM!  Adult daughter ordered the french toast, and it was delicious.  Adult son wanted a sandwich, and on my recommendation ordered the Croque Madame.  I think he got a little more than he bargained for!  The sandwich had white sauce (mornay sauce) poured over it and a fried egg on top.  Considering he is a fast food junky, I was impressed that he ate it all.
5	As soon as we stepped out of the elevator, the delicious smell of bacon smacked me in the face and I knew we were in a good place. We put our names down, were told it was a 30 minute wait and had a seat in the lobby. There were these mini almond cupcake things to to munch on as we waited.  30 minutes seemed like forever with an empty stomach.When we were seated, I noticed that the floors were a little dingy and the velvet seats were a bit run down and itchy. Maybe they were going for that old school vintage look. Who knows? I ordered the hibiscus cocktail, which had an actual hibiscus flower in it. I was told by our waiter Aaron that it was edible, and I do have to say that who knew flowers were so tasty? The free side of bread was nothing to rave about. It was served warm, but it was hard and really chewy on the inside. The chicken and waffles were TDF!!! The chicken was roasted, but still had crunchy skin. The meat was juicy and tender. The waffles had bacon pieces throughout, which made them savory and sweet with the syrup. It was also served with vanilla bean butter, which I pretty much devoured with my first waffle. I didn't care too much for the gravy. Too salty and took away the taste of the chicken. The corn beef hash was also good. It was a good amount of food. Good ratio of corned beef to potatoes. Corn beef wasn't too salty. Two eggs were mounted over this pile of yumminess, which we got over medium. The egg yolk added that extra richness to the dish.Our server Aaron was the final touch to our experience here. The wait times were a little long for the food, but he assured every one of his tables that the food would be arriving soon. When our meal ended, he took the time to chat with us and tell us about their 3 bakeries thorough out the casino. (Tip: if you take your bill to the location facing the strip, you get 15% off your pastries.) All in all, I had an amazing experience here. A little pricey, but oh so worth every penny!
4	My chicken was superb, but our table's steaks were slightly overcooked. Ambiance was great and although service was a bit slow, server was super friendly and helpful. Will return next time I'm in Vegas. Breakfast sounds divine.
4	We had  lunch/breakfast  here and the food was great.  The croissant was one of the best I ever had and I've had plenty.  The brioche bread with the egg dishes were delicious as well as the corn beef hash and frites.  The only complaint was the hamburger being a little overcooked.  I would definitely eat here again.
3	WTH? This is supposed to be Thomas Keller fantastic. I have his cookbooks and have made his incredible recipes... They don't seem to be making them here. WHAT is going on? The service is great, the wine delightful but Puuuuuhleese.. The fare is second rate. NOT what I've come to expect.
4	Thinking that we (10 of us) would probably need to wait when we arrived at Bouchon on a Friday around 10:30am, we were surprised that we were seated after a short wait of 10 minutes.  The food (a good menu choice) was very good.  Portion was generous.  The pastries were delicious that we bought more in the bakery downstairs on our way out of Venetian.  Price was less than what I had expected for a restaurant like this type.  Forgot what it called on the menu, but there was 1 set breakfast for $22 which included fresh OJ, 2 eggs w/ bacon & sausage and a choice of pastry.  Service was excellent.  Would definitely return next time we visit Vegas.
2	We had high hopes when we went here given that it is Thomas Keller's restaurant, guess we expected to much. We, my wife I, went here for our wedding anniversary. I ordered the Fois Gras special which was void of seasoning but the warm brioche was good. For my main course I ordered the hanger steak special, the salt that was missing from my app was on my main course but the strangest thing was my main course was a hot item served in a cold all clad roasting pan that was cold, in 26 year in a kitchen I was always told hot food hot plate but what do I know. My wife tried the "Roast Chicken" it is Thomas Keller's restaurant after all, we are still trying to figure out why he is so noted for this dish as it was nothing to write home about. We didn't have dessert as nothing was appealing, every item had ice cream or sorbet on it in some form or another. I big let down for us and won't be back
5	We were in Las Vegas for a mid-week business event and stayed at the Venetian. We made advanced reservations before arriving in LV through Open Table.com. Everything went smoothly and the hostess called each time (we ate two dinners there) to confirm reservations the day of the meal. Both meals were pretty much flawless. We each seemed to especially enjoy any of the nightly specials which happened to be hanger steak, fresh corn salad and some other goodies.
5	I had some family in town visiting, so we decided to do a weekend staycation on the Strip.  The only request for specialty food was something French.  We settled on Bouchon as it was an easy walk from where we were staying.  First of all, the atmosphere is great.  Quiet enough to have a private conversation at the table but not so quiet that you feel like you're in a library.  The service was excellent.  I had a hard time deciding what to order (everything sounded so good!), and our waiter made great recommendations (he also picked out some cheeses for us for appetizers).  I ended up getting the trout amandine; it was fabulous.  So soft and buttery, it melted in my mouth.  Other dishes ordered were the mussels and fries (mussels were amazing!), and one of the specials; pork chop-- everything was so tastey!We had a great dining experience and everyone in the restaurant seemed to be having a good time!
4	My love loves this place. We basically come here for brunch every time we come to Vegas. I love their patio, their service, part of their food. I don't like the wait, and the other part of their food.First time I came here was over a year ago, I was looking forward to their brunch since my love was telling me how he raved about his dish and how they have chicken and waffles. I admit, I didn't hear a single word except "chicken. and. waffles." Unfortunately, I didn't get to try it. Their chicken and waffles were only on their weekend brunch menu. We went there on a Monday, so I opted for something off of their daily specials. I could not remember what I had there but I remembered what my love had ordered. It was such a plain and simple omelette that I don't remember eating, I don't recall anything. He had this overly sweetened french toast in a cylindrical shape with apples and syrup. He isn't a sweets lover, so it might be reasonable for most. He liked the texture but the sweetness was too overwhelming. Few months ago, we went there again, choosing the right day of the week. Dealing with an hour long wait wasn't cool, but for a group of 6 without a reservation, it's reasonable. They had these little pastries in the front for the people waiting for a table and you can always order a mimosa and drink your day away. I am happy to say that I finally ordered their CHICKEN. AND. WAFFLES. served with both gravy and syrup. Chicken wasn't deep fried like southern style, and my waffles had bacon and chives in it. I don't really care for bacon but this darn thing was so delicious, that I had to stuff my face immediately with table manners. For the first time I enjoyed the taste of syrup more than gravy on my chicken and waffle. The sweetness of the syrup was balanced out perfectly with the chicken and waffles. My chicken tasted like honey grilled wings (except it was a chicken leg and a breast) and the bacon and chives made this dish into more of a savory course rather than the confused-wtf-are-you-eating dish. Because my sauces are served separately, I don't need to worry about my waffles turning soggy. The waffles were so plump and fluffy, I was gonna die. I fell in love with this dish right there, right then. It will be hard for me to come back here again to try other things. Their daily special almost did it, they had shrimp and grits that day, it was one of my toughest decisions to make in Vegas other than to bet on red or black at the roulette table.
5	From parking garage... Down to 3... Then up a side elevator to L... Follow signs.. you'll get there...Our last morning in Vegas, the wife says, "I really want to go to Thomas Keller's Place for Brunch". After a great Vegas Birthday Trip, how can I refuse her.... Plus I wanted to go there too.Obviously sitting in a grand restaurant, overlook the atrium Garden at the Venetian is spectacular in and of itself, Add in the service and the ambiance of excellence and you get an idea of how plush and nice this restaurant is.We were sat promptly and proceeded to listen to the day's specials. Joy had already set in her mind to have the Brioche French Toast...DUH!I went with the steak omelette.Coffee was refilled and service was on point. Vegas is one of those places that if you wanted to have a $5.99 Steak and Eggs Breakfast, you totally can do that. But its also that place that if you can spare the extra dough, you can enjoy a high quality meal at above market prices and still feel like you got a steal, knowing who is directing the flow of the food. Not that I believe for a second that Mr. T Keller is back in the kitchen directing the traffic, but his influence and high standards are felt everywhere and in every bite....For as often as I make it to Vegas these days, I can spare that extra dough and have a meal that I will not easily forget...
5	While in Las Vegas I ate here four times because I could not imagine a better breakfast stop. The coffee was fresh and strong (I even brought a bag home and it was amazing), the food was always delicious, and the service was stand out. I would go back in a heartbeat next time I am in Vegas.
5	So freakin good. The Chicken & Waffles dish is seriously heaven in my mouth. The waffles are soft and fluffy and THERE ARE BACON PIECES MIXED IN THE DOUGH! I don't even like bacon regularly but this was delicious. The Eggs Benedict was also delicious and their drinks are amaaazing. Service was super, a little slow but worth it. There is usually a wait, I mean, it is Vegas and this restaurant is pretty well known so it's no surprise. They even have a bakery that sells little French desserts like macarons in a different area of the Venetian. This is a must try place for those visiting Vegas.
4	When you can't see much inside a restaurant because of its very dim lighting, then you know you're in for some upscale dining among fine individuals with night vision (read: Predator).Tucked away in what seemed to be another time zone in the behemoth of a casino, Bouchon indulged me with French fare in an intimate, classy setting.My party of 3 were seated promptly and we started off with escargot (perfectly buttery and chewy).  The house bread and PISTACHIOS are bomb diggity.  I love anything bread and butter so I was in heaven. The pistachios were a bonus ;) C'mon, where else can you get pistachios?!  Indeed, I am a sucker for novelty. I ordered an iced tea and our server brought it out in a carafe, which I thought was and refreshingly...refreshing.  My only gripe with it was that the carafe was not large enough, as I am a bottomless pit for tea.I have had their lamb so I tried their steak frites, prepared medium rare.  I forget the cut of the steak but I will say that it was one of the best cooked steaks I've ever had!  The center was pink and juicy (no innuendos here!) and every bite of it left me wanting more!  I didn't care too much for the fries; I wish I had substituted it for  something else. What a waste of fries...My only gripe with the establishment would be the cramped seating between tables.  It can get extremely awkward taking my seat, wiggling my rotund derriere in between tables to get to my destination.  Most of the time, the company directly next to me are not within earshot; but, when they are, then I'd find myself biting my tongue, trying not to spew out my vernacular of special four-letter words. Our server was superbly nice and accommodating and our waters were always filled to the brim.  I've always had a great experience here.  The wait staff had greeted us on the way in, which set a precedent for great service and food.Oh, Bouchon, I will be back.
5	Culinary perfection!!! For dinner I had: caviar, foie gras, and peach melba. Each was PERFECT!!! I highly highly recommend Bouchon!!!
5	Being from the South, I never saw myself paying over 30 bucks for chicken n waffles accompanied by "puff pastries" I'll never be able to pronounce. Moreover, I never saw myself ordering the same thing again the next morning. Holy wow.
2	The hostess in front was not at all friendly. She didn't even welcome us. Just asked for name and party. That was kind of a bad start... The wait was 50 minutes for Sunday at 12... We waited the 50 minutes Bc I had wanted to try this place for a while....we were seated in 53 mins. The waitress Megan took 10 mins to greet us at our table ad she wasn't all that helpful. When I asked if the waffles were good and she replied, "yeah."  Let me tell you after she too our order she did NOTHING for us. We actually ordered another side dish through another waiter.  The busboy was great! Always filling up our water cups. We personally gave him cash tip and left our waitress with a 5% tip Bc again she did NOTHING. She didn't even serve our food get us condiments. NOTHING. My husband got the ham steak which took 20 mins to rcv. I ordered the waffles and it took 30 mins. Again I ordered waffles- not chicken and waffles just waffles... 30 mins. The male waiters were all very nice and attentive to us and our needs.. All of the women workers seemed to have a pretty large stick up their............ I will not return here again.. So disappointed in the upgraded ihop/Denny's food.  Not worth the wait, money or rude service. Blah!  The service was so bad that my husband who never complains about anything, was even pissed and called the manager... He spoke with "yushon?" And she offered to pay for our next meal which we all know is the restaurants way of saying "shut your complaining"
4	Our steaks were cooked wrong, so the restaurant went out of their way to fix the problem.  Once it was all resolve, the food was good and we'd go back.  Had a great first experience here.
5	I had, quite possibly, the best corned beef hash in the world at Bouchon. The chicken and waffles came in a close second. It ain't cheap, but it's worth it.
5	Concluded our most recent Vegas adventure with brunch at Bouchon. Non existent wait time during a Monday afternoon. I believe Riley was our server, wish I was a hundred percent on his name as we definitely wanted to note his level service. He was funny, utmost honest and very accommodating. We requested a table change and serval order alterations as well in which he addressed on a positive note with good humor. Menu offerings were all mouth watering, our  ordered dishes were even more delicious! I had the corned beef hash, side of potato croquettes accompanied by a bloody mary. Portions were particularly large and made the travel trek to be served as breakfast for the following morning back home. Dining in gained us a 15% treat receipt at the strip bakeries.
3	Been to French Laundry and PerSe so DH  was hot to try Bouchon. Have to say it is hard as hell to find and again not so many helpful people in hotel. We went early  as we had theater tix. I'm really not into French cuisine as I used to be but  food was good, service good and noise level really tolerable.i had the skate and it was super salty. Waiter willing to take back but time was an issue. Hot bread and salted butter---bring it on--I'll make that dinner. Pot de crime --meh. $75 pp for cafe food...I know it's Vegas where everything is on a grand scale
4	Finally visited Bouchon with friends and even though it is not French Laundry, It is a must try place when you are in Vegas. It is a bit difficult to find but it is well worth the wait.
2	We looked reviews up on yelp. We were excited to eat here because of the chicken and waffles! After a $12 cab ride, our waiter informed us the chef only likes to make that on the weekends. Although, he said they have requests for that all the time!! My boyfriends food came out first and mine was 5 minutes after his... Food was good but luke warm. Service lacked. 2 people came by and no one refilled our coffee, we had to ask. The last straw was they took my food away and didnt ask if I was done!!!  Food was decent but service was VERY poor. Will not be back.
4	I came here for brunch and let me just say...THE BEIGNETS. That's all you need, with the nutella and whatever that jelly is they serve with it. It's life changing. I promise.
4	French toast was very good.  The french fries were good.  The croque madame was just ok: the bread seemed dry and lacking.  The ambience was amazing with the Itaian garden/pool area.  The food was perhaps a bit over-priced for what we got.
5	An excellent fine dining experience without the stuffiness. Beautiful view and excellent service. My only complaint was that it was hard to get to as it was in the hotel itself and you had to get special access if you are not a hotel guest. This seems not to business smart, but the restaurant itself made up for it. Food was amazing. I had a pork chop special and it was honestly the largest and must perfectly seasoned and cooked piece of pork I've ever eaten. I highly recommend this place!
5	This place s absolutely amazing! This is the first Thomas Keller restaurants  that I have been to. First of all , I was incredibly peeved that I had to wait for 45 minutes for brunch but boy was it worth the wait. The hostess sat us an outside table overlooking the Venetian Pool and our server was incredibly attentive. The brunch menu looked amazing and I was having a hard time making a decision of what I wanted to eat. But then I asked our waiter what he recommended  on the menu, he said Chicken and waffles . Now I only had fried chicken and waffles before ,not roasted chicken so it was interesting to try it. To my surprise, it was amazingly well executed. Not only the food was amazing, the service was exceptional. Our waiter was attentive and ave us an insight to work for Thomas Keller.Because of the food and the conversation it makes this a must try for Las Vegas! And now my husband and I must try his other restaurant , French Laundry!
5	Great atmosphere and great food.  If they have a special Eggs Benedict that seems like a crazy price, get it!!   it will be worth it.  Specialty cocktails for brunch are great as well
5	Best french toast EVER!!!! OMG I'm still dreaming of coming back just for the breakfast French Toast! How do you guys make it Bouchon? I really want to know? Pretty please?! You guys just ruined every french toast that I'm about to eat after this.  No french toast would ever be the same.  Thank you!
5	I come here every time I visit Vegas.  The food here is incredible. Every time we spend a while here, enjoying a number of courses.  For brunch I had the Chicken & Waffles.  Every part of this is delicious in it's own right, and then also amazing combined.  For dinner I had a series of appetizers and the Gigot d'Agneau (Lamb).  I can't remember this one so well, but I recall that I was very pleased.
5	My wife and I had an amazing brunch here!  We both ordered the french toast with a side of bacon.  When they brought the food, we both ended up with a boat of bacon, a side obviously meant to be shared.  Our server offered to take one back but seriously, who refuses a boat of bacon?  Would highly recommend going here for brunch and get a bottle of Rose like we did!
4	I went for brunch.  I was really expecting more or exceptional flavors.  I sat at the bar and the service was so so.  I was in and out in 20 minutes so that was good.  I traveled across the strip to try the place out walking away feeling that I wouldn't do it again.  Overall, the food was good and above average.
2	CHICKEN AND WAFFLES.... NOT SERVED ON WEEKDAYS!! I'll just get that one out of the way, right away. Being a nice French restaurant located right on the edge of one of the Venetian's pools, I was expecting much more from Bouchon. We were very promptly seated on the patio after being asked twice if we were sure we wanted to sit in the heat. We were fine with sitting outside, but being sat almost directly in the sun when there were empty tables still completely shaded was a little bit of a head scratcher. (No biggie, brush it off) A server then brings a glass of orange juice to our table and the girlfriend and I look at each other, confused. Is OJ complimentary at this fine place? Answer: No. OJ was then taken away after our server being made aware. Then comes the C & W fiasco. Oh, Chicken and Waffles, how I so looked forward to devouring you this fine Vegas morning......(Screeching halt) "C & W is one of our most requested dishes during the week, but our chef likes to serve it as a specialty item on weekends" was the response from our waiter. So... you tell me how many times daily that $12 is wasted on a cab ride to NOT eat C & W on a weekday? (Yes partially my fault for not doing my research, but c'mon man) Breakfast was just OK, my corn beef hash was served first and started to get cold as we waited about 5 minutes for the girlfriends dish to arrive and her's still wasn't warm? Girlfriends food was snatched from her before she could finish. We had to ask every time we needed our coffee refilled. Not impressed. Won't be back
4	Bouchon is THE ideal brunch spot after a long night (and/or morning) in Las Vegas. Roll out of bed (or the club) and get yourself over here for some hearty delicious grub! Anna R. and I strolled over in the hot sun and arrived around 11 AM. We were told there would be a 25 minute wait. Since we hadn't eaten much the day before, we were practically starving. Luckily they offer seating at the bar, so we gratefully decided to sit there.We each ordered a Croque Madame -- Anna highly recommended it and the description on the menu made the dish undeniable. I had no other choice. While we eagerly waited, we each enjoyed a refreshing **Hibiscus Cocktail**. Just the right amount of bubbly and lightly sweet for a morning meal. The candied hibiscus at the bottom of the glass was delicious! When the **Croque Madame** finally arrived, I wasn't quite ready for what I saw. Beautiful presentation -- a sunny side egg perfectly placed atop a ham and cheese sandwich with thick bread, accompanied by a huge mound of french fries. As I cut this creation open, I happily observed the cheese oozing out from within the folds of the sandwich. I was also very pleased when the egg yolk started running all over the absorbent bread and the rest of the sandwich. HEAVEN. And those fries are extremely addictive and come in a dangerously generous portion.Service at the bar was excellent. The bartenders checked on us frequently and made sure we were taken care of. My only complaint is that it took around 30 minutes to get our food. The restaurant seemed to be understaffed on Labor Day Sunday, as there were several tables available that were not being used. I was surprised that an establishment of this caliber would not be fully staffed for a holiday when lots of hungry folks would be waiting for a table.OVERALL: Extremely pleased with the food and service, but I hope they can fully staff all their meals so there aren't such long waits and unallocated tables.DATE TIP: This is a super cute breakfast/brunch spot with French decor and a warm vibe. Consider taking your date here in the morning after a fun night!
2	Not impressed, I went here for breakfast/brunch...I was truly disappointed! -we were shuffled outside to the patio. (Dishes were unclean with dust all over....) -the price for the quality of food is not worth it. -service is ehhh....-if you arent looking for good food and only want  an overpriced mimosa then this is the place for you. -bread pudding is savory, ours came out ice cold. -i have nothing more to say. -maybe they are better for dinner?
4	Had dinner a few nights ago - the wait staff were fantastic, the wine selection was amazing and the cuisine was excellent.  If a place like longman and eagle in Chicago rates one michelin star, surely the michelin reviewers have overlooked Chef Keller's Bouchon in Las Vegas.
3	Good service, average food.  Ordered the croque madame and a chocolate croissant.  The chocolate croissant was more like a roll filled with chocolate, the dough must have been overworked because the pastry lacked the signature flaky layers of a croissant.  It may have just been mine though since I sampled a friend's croissant and it was much better.  Croque madame was disappointing the bread was borderline burnt and I had to search for the cheese, the fries were nice and crisp though. Server was friendly and knowledgeable.  Probably will not return as there are many better brunch options in Vegas.
5	Amazing food and amazing service. My sister and I came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning and it was totally empty. We were seated immediately and I ordered their sourdough waffles while my sister got their American breakfast with their chocolate almond croissant. I loved my waffles. They were crispy yet chewy. My sister enjoyed her American breakfast, but she absolutely loved their chocolate almond croissant, which was pretty amazing. We later ended up going to the bouchon bakery to get another one. Service was impeccable, everyone was beyond friendly! I will definitely come by again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Dining at Bouchon has been pleasure all around. Breakfast or Dinner they delivered outstanding dishes with impeccable service.   Even simple fries were incredibly delicious and just as beautiful to look at, coffee was so good I had to buy a bag of their house blend beans to take home with me. All around a 5 star experience. P.S. you have to try their Pan Seared Trout
5	This review has been long overdue with my first visit dating back to the beginning of 2011. Each of my three visits since then have not strayed from fantastic. It's no secret that I am a huge fan of Thomas Keller and I'm simply grateful that I can access one of his restaurants easily.A beautiful restaurant with wonderful views of the Venetian courtyard, floor-to-ceiling windows, but it doesn't feel too fancy with the bustling atmosphere. It's such a wonderful setting for breakfast or brunch and catching up with old friends. The service is always phenomenal. On my last visit (09/08/13), our server and busser were both so friendly with great personalities! My friend and I had so much fun interacting with them. The server was even kind enough to write down the details of the special since I want to report it accurately for my review and photos! He even signed the paper, haha.I have tried the Croque Madame, French Toast, Salmon Tartare, Omelette Du Jour (12/31/11), Chicken and Waffles, Beignets, and Breakfast Pot Pie. I have also tried their French 77 and Hibiscus cocktails. Everything is really great! On my most recent trip, the Breakfast Pot Pie was the chef's special composed of a Bouchon puff pastry, scrambled eggs, cherry heirloom tomatoes, country gravy, and crispy bacon and served with Pommes Persillade. The "Chicken and Waffles" is a dish I will always go back to even though I want to try so many other dishes. The roasted chicken is always juicy, skin crispy, and with the Sauce Chasseur, really savory. Paired with the bacon and chive waffles and maple syrup. The perfect sweet and salty relationship. The pot pie was actually my least favorite of all the dishes I've had.I absolutely recommend Bouchon for a nice brunch with a loved one, a great setting for a morning date! Always check out the chef's specials for the day as well!
5	Really, what can I add after all of the great reviews everyone has already added.In town for my company's national sales meeting, and we were staying at The Venetian.We decided to have brunch our final morning at Bouchon, before heading to the airport, and not did we save one of our best meals for last.From the gorgeous French baguette braid and butter, to the French toast and chicken & waffles, it was all so freakin amazing. So much so, that I am surprisingly wife with brunch at the Napa Valley location when we're there in Oct. for our 5th wedding anniversary. I called months in advance to make sure we had a good time, and table, to wrap up our trip to Napa. If the food is anything like the Vegas location, we'll be in for another treat.
4	Came here on a Friday night with the whole fam. We were seated promptly. Impeccable service. Our needs were always met by the staff. We didnt have to ask for water refills as the water goblets were filled at one half full. The interiors is very classy and old world Europe. The waiters had a suit on which added to its ambiance. The clientele, however, was a bit too casual for my taste on that particular evening. I was expecting dressy and stuffy. But I got shirts and shorts. But as it is Vegas and summer, I guess I was expecting too much. Some people were dressy so it balanced out my expectation for that evening. With Zin in our hands, it was time to finally order. They have a limited but goodmenu. Not a lot of variety, but I prefer quality over quantity so I was perfectly fine with the menu. After putting on our order, we had to wait for a long while to get our actual orders.  Being a French restaurant and as with everything in France, it took "forever" to get our meal. Although after the first bite, we were all convinced that the food was really good and that it was the right restaurant for the whole family to enjoy on a Friday night on a Vegas weekend getaway.Our bill for a family of 8 was $$$ and nearing $$$$. No one paid attention and were all in agreement that it was worth it. So I would recommend this restaurant for casual yet elegant dining.
5	The best meal I had in Vegas, by far. I went for brunch on a Saturday morning. We didn't have reservations (you can't make them for brunch, it's first come first served) but got a table right away. There was a wait for outdoor tables, so plan accordingly. The dining room is gorgeous, the wait staff was super attentive.Okay, so the food. Everything was delicious: the baguette braid with butter and blackberry jam, pain au chocolat, cheese Danish, bacon, eggs, sourdough waffles with fresh strawberries and vanilla bean butter (!!!). All of it was so, so good. This was by far the best meal I had in Vegas. While it is pricey for brunch, it's nothing outrageous: my total was $23 and I had waffles plus I added a pastry and a side of bacon.Highly recommended!
5	Had a throughly enjoyable dinner.The braided bread called api served was freshly baked,I could not stop eating it.The grand shellfish platter had amazing oysters,lobster,crab and dipping sauces.The bagaduce oysters our are favorite and apparently Thomas Keller as well.The duck confit with lentils had perfectly crispy skin with succulent juicy meat that fell of the bone.The profiteroles with table side poured valrhona chocolate sauce sealed the deal.The service was very attentive and friendly.
5	The Bouchon brunch at the Venetian was the best I have ever had.I had the omelette du jour which was spinach and cheddar cheese with bacon on the side. As soon as I had my second bite of the omelette (that sweet spot where you first hit cheese) I knew that I had to try to replicate this at home. I started concentrating intensely on the flavors, so that I could remember this meal. I manufactured tiny bites with my fork, a triangular piece of omelette, a bit of bacon for the top...trying to make it last. It didn't last.When I was eating, I had this crazy thought: "If I win the lotto, I'll fly my whole family out here so we can come get brunch". I also had this intense urge to steal the plate. I have never been a criminal, I was just high on cheese, and I needed a memento.I have been unable to replicate it at home.
4	I wasn't able to try a lot because I was allergic to many of the breakfast dishes. But the bread pudding French toast was delicious and everyone else seemed to love their sourdough waffles and Cobb salad. If you have a nut allergy your choices will be limited. Service was exceptional. My Bellini was outstanding and apparently the pastry basket had a strawberry croissant that was to die for. Bouchon lives up to the hype.
5	dining experience, its definitely a cut above the rest. I like the fact that it's away from the casino floor. very secluded, nice view, (we ate outside at the patio). if i were to nitpick at one thing, I wasn't too impressed with the bread. but that's about it, even the butter was great. so soups, had the french onion, loaded with flavor, it was heavy and rich. i only ate half. friend had the soup de romaine.( i think thats what it was called) I thought to myself, wow romaine in soup? doesn't sound too appetizing. it comes out, it was romaine, pureed and garnished on top was creme fresh, mixed with a minced pork product, in what seemed to be cooked pancetta. either way it was a great surprise that romaine lettuce soup tasted that good. main entrees, had the scottish salmon, sauteed, with lentils and mixture of veggies. lentils were braised in red wine and oxtail meat. oxtail and salmon? weird combination, but i ordered it because of the fact I enjoy eating both. salmon had great flavor, very crispy on bottom, and light fluffy on top, juicy, cooked medium, cooked well, great dish. I had a bite of my friends quiche. it was a spinach/florentine quiche. it was a dense but fluffy/airy flavor. weird way of saying it, but i got an aftertaste of egg whites. i would order it for myself. crust is what made it. if i were to guess they used egg whites in the filling and egg yolks in the crust. i can't stress enough it was worth the price. great meal overall.
5	Brunched on 9/29, not my first time. Showed up around 10:30, had a 15 minute wait.  Our group of four were seated outside near the pool (per our request) rather quickly. Drinks, bread, coffee came quick.  After some small talk and what seemed like an eternity (but was really 10 minutes of excited anticipation) my plate of chicken and waffles arrived. The chicken is prepared perfectly, the gravy is savory and thick, the waffles lovingly accept the entire boat of syrup without letting any spill into your plate. (Don't forget to slather on Vanilla Beam Butter first!) Simply put, this is the very best breakfast that Vegas has to offer.
5	Great food - one of the best French toasts I have ever tried and now I know I love pudding style French toast! My boy friend loves their scrambled egg - the best he said! A place we must come back again! Oh, great service too!:)
3	When I found out that Thomas Keller had a restaurant in Vegas we were excited to try this place out. We heard great things about French Laundry but still have not had a chance to visit so this was out next best option. Unfortunately, our meal was only mediocre when compared to others in its class. When we dine at fine, upper echelon restaurants we try and compare it to others in the same class. We have been to many fine restaurants including Alinea, Brooklyn Fare, Per se, and Le Bernadin just to name a few. So I believe we know what good food is and what great food is. The meal we had here was good and I would definitely eat it again but I don't think that it really stands out in a city that boasts restaurants by Robuchon, Guy Savoy, Nobu, and Gordon Ramsay. The restaurant is a little difficult to find and you have to take a special elevator to get there. Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to find the place and don't hesitate to ask for directions if you get lost. As you walk into the restaurant you pass the oyster bar where you see chefs preparing seafood platters that look amazing, but we did not partake. We were seated and given menus that looked like they were printed on butcher paper. I really wasn't impressed with this and know they were going for a more casual feel, but I was more expecting more traditional menus given the Thomas Keller name. They didn't have a tasting menu, something we were really wishing they had so we ordered a la carte. The food we had was average for a fine dining establishment and the service was on par and good. I'm hoping that we went on an off day and would come back again but given the many different restaurants in the Vegas area, it may be sometime before we return.
5	I was staying in the Venetian for a conference I was attending. My colleague and I are big breakfast fans and we didn't need to be to work until around 11 so we got some brunch here. Oh. My. God. This is seriously the best breakfast place I've ever been to. The first time I went I had the hash and eggs. Homemade corned beef hash is my weakness. It was perfectly done, the eggs were perfectly cooked, and the brioche toast just put it over the top. Oh yeah, and the coffee is AMAZING. And they're not stingy with it either. I even went back the last day of my trip by myself because I had to go one more time. I got the brioche french toast with Tahitian vanilla butter, candied walnuts and strawberries. It was fantastic. I had to keep myself in check to prevent from have a When Harry Met Sally moment all by myself. No breakfast place will ever be as good as this for me from now on.
5	There is no reason NOT to go to Bouchon every time you are in Vegas.  It's just that good!   We got there at 0930 on a Monday, and the outdoor seating was full, but plenty of room indoors.  (Suggestion: bring a light coat, as the AC was on high.)   I got the American breakfast which included a pastry (I chose the sticky bun, which was the best I'd ever tasted.), coffee (I'm not a coffee drinker, but I had 3 cups!  Delicious!), fresh squeezed OJ, 2 eggs, brioche, 2 sausage, and bacon.  Everything was simply divine.  My husband had quiche with salad, and both were delectable.  We got out of there for about $50, which is reasonable for the quality of food.  The service was ok, and the atmosphere is really lovely.  Still dreaming about that sticky bun!
3	DON'T GET THE FRENCH TOAST! It is overly sweet and literally drowning in sauce. I'm a huge fan of french toast and I have a sweet tooth, but for brunch this is just too much. I'd possibly order this for dessert after dinner. However, ORDER THE STRAWBERRY CROISSANT!!! This is hands down one of the most delicious pastries I've tried! Everything else was pretty mediocre but I'd definitely go back to the bakery for the croissants. The atmosphere however was great for the outdoor patio dining. I recommend sitting outside if possible! :) Service was excellent.
5	I am a huge Thomas Keller fan, and this was my first visit to one of his Bouchon Bistro locations. It did not disappoint. We had the omelette of the day (smoked salmon, red onion, white cheddar with caviar hollandaise) as well as the corned beef hash. Both were excellent. We also got the pastry basket and selected 4 pastries: a scone, plain croissant, strawberry almond croissant, and pecan sticky bun. The plain croissant and pecan sticky bun were fine but not overwhelming in any sense. Honestly, after having a croissant from Tartine in San Francisco, I think anything comparatively is underwhelming. The scone and the strawberry almond croissant were to die for -- the scone was not dry at all and almost cake like, and I have never had anything as unique as the strawberry almond croissant. I would go back for just those two pastires.As is the case with Thomas Keller, the food and the service were stellar, and I can't wait to go back. Also, if you visit the Vegas location, ask to sit outside!
4	A cute brunch spot in the Venetian. It's a little confusing to get to. You have to take the guest elevator up to the guest lobby. We went on a Saturday morning around 11, and waited for about 10 minutes. I loved that they can just text you when your table is ready.  Insider tip: there's a pool with lawn chairs around the corner--great place to relax until your table is ready!We ordered the chicken and waffles, croque madame, and a side of bacon. The bacon was super crispy and yummy! I was a little underwhelmed with our two entrees though--they were good, but nothing special in my honest opinion. Especially given how expensive they were and the the hype, I was definitely expecting something more. I was also surprised that the chicken was more of a rotisserie chicken than fried chicken.Why 4 stars? You really can't beat the service there.They accidentally gave our croque madame to another table, so had to remake it for us. To compensate, they offered us cocktails--I opted for a almond chocolate croissant instead. When they brought us our croque madame, they told us that they would also take it off our bill given the mess-up. SWEET! I love free stuff! I thought that was super nice of them, especially given they had already given us a free cocktail and a croissant.Will I go again next time I'm in vegas? Probably not, but I'm glad I went this time around!
4	I had to reduce my rating from 5 stars to 4 stars due to the inconsistent service that we had.  On our first visit, we had the nicest server and felt like royalty!  She was kind and had the best service.  We are a group so we asked for separate bills and she gladly separated our bills.  I had the Breakfast Americaine, which came with a pastry which was all delicious.  I got the cheese danish, but I liked the chocolate almond croissant much better (it had almond paste in the middle).  We came back 2 days later for Sunday brunch because we enjoyed our experience so much.  Our server was Amber C, who barely smiled and made us feel like we were bothering her.  When we told her that we wanted separate bills shortly after we received our coffees, she gave us a frown and some attitude at how she has to figure out who's drink is who's.  Wow, sorry for making your life so complicated.  After she processed our bills, she didn't even bother to give the credit cards to the correct person, she simply laid it on the table all in a little pile.  I have never experienced that EVER at any restaurant in my entire life.  I guess we were really bothering her by dining there.  Too bad there is a mandatory 20% gratuity for large groups because she definitely did not deserve it plus she had soured my opinion of Bouchon. If we had another excellent server, I would have made my rating 5 stars for sure.
3	I was super excited about eating at Bouchon while I was in Vegas, but honestly, wasn't super impressed. From the other reviews, it seems like I should've come for brunch instead of dinner. I had the vegetable gnocchi and while it wasn't bad (it's Thomas Keller, after all), it definitely wasn't amazing the way I expected a Thomas Keller dish to be :\ I want to come back and try the brunch, but for now, a pass on dinner.
5	No reservations and its always packed so get there early and remember that Thomas Keller is the king.  Bouchon albeit not as amazing as the French Laundry, serves up an amazing meal at a great price.  Breakfast is as great as dinner is.  Nothing but compliments to the chef.
1	Bouchon has fallen into ennui. We last ate at Bouchon in 2010 and the food was absolutely divine. Fast forward to October 13, 2013 and the Bartenders don't notice new customers at the bar, the meat in the omelette and crepe are of inferior quality and the beignets are heavy lumps of fried dough.  To start off with, Shane, the bartender, needs some lessons in customer service. I'd been standing at the bar for at least 10 minutes on a Sunday afternoon around 12:30 pm trying to get someones attention so I can buy two Bellinis. I noticed that every time I leaned forward to get a bartenders attention the man to my right would look at me and lean forward trying to get the bartenders attention himself. He and his wife had already not only gotten their coffee, but refills as well while I was standing there waiting. Finally Shane comes over when he notices this guy gesturing at him and asks him what he needs. After the man told Shane what he wanted (more coffee refills), I said "Can I get 2 Bellinis when you get a chance" and Shane says "You're going to have to wait. I can only serve one customer at a time and right now I'm helping this customer". Really?  Wow. So then Mr Bartender-Blocker tells me that someone before me waited 45 minutes for a bloody mary and I told him that that's unacceptable and that I would have been helped if he didn't keep leaning in front of me and blocking the bartender from seeing me. I don't think this guy had ever been called out on his shenanigans before, he was totally shocked. So then he starts in on me, totally going off, and after 5 minutes of his manic rant he tells me to quit whining. Um, I'm not the one doing the whining here, dude.Anyways, Shane comes back and asks me what I need and I tell him two Bellini's please. And he tells me "That will be $27 dollars". Um, ok, I'm dressed perfectly appropriately for a Sunday brunch, why the announcement of how much my drinks will be?  Is this standard for this place? Really weird.Bad service, plus serving someone else when it's my turn, especially on my birthday, equals no tip.Once we were seated the service from our server was top notch. However, the food is seriously lacking. For $25 I expect my omelette to have prime cuts of steak in it, not tiny diced up pieces of second rate meat. My husbands crepe was topped with crab that tasted fishy and the broccoli tasted like it had been frozen. The beignets are supposed to be soft pillows of melt in your mouth carb heaven and they are heavy lumps that are covered in grease.Come on, Keller, this restaurant needs a little attitude adjustment and the ingredients need to be higher quality. Considering all of the choices available on the strip, Bouchon is overpriced for second rate quality.
2	Came for dinner on a weeknight. Luckily there was no wait, and the decor/ambience are absolutely gorgeous in a classic, old world charm sort of way -- tucked away on an upper floor in the Venetian, it's a welcome change of scenery compared to Vegas' other fine dining establishments that have a not so discreet view of the casino floor, and yet you're still in the midst of the action on the strip. Unfortunately, the positives of my experience at Bouchon end here.Service was god awful -- inattentive, unaccommodating, and generally disinterested in making my evening a pleasant one. After being completely ignored for 15 minutes upon being seated, I got up to use the restroom only to find that my table setting had been cleared away by the time I returned. No apology whatsoever. When I finally got my waiter's attention after another 15 minutes of being ignored, he didn't bother to walk me through the menu or the special of the day, and he was unwilling to help me choose a dish/work with the kitchen to prepare something that would suit my not uncommon dietary restrictions. I finally settled for the trout, although at that point I shouldn't have bothered. The dish was just as bad as the service: the fish was entirely unseasoned and flavorless, and the rudimentary, unmemorable cauliflower amandine felt like an afterthought thrown on top. What the plate lacked in flavor it more than compensated for with a completely gratuitous amount of added fat: as if being served in the veritable pool of butter in which it was pan-fried wasn't enough, the top of the filet was slathered in enough oil for the trout to positively swim in (if it wasn't already fileted down the middle). FYI Mr. Keller: oil is not a substitute for flavor!Blegh -- meal was such a disappointment that I wasn't even interested in taking the 15% off coupon for the similarly mediocre bakery. Next time I remotely consider patronizing Thomas Keller, it's French Laundry or bust.
4	I'm definitely a fan of Bouchon.  I've been to both this location and the BevHills location, and although I would say I favor the BevHills location this one still does a good job.  I still haven't made it to the one in Yountville yet!  Anyway, I have had both bunch and dinner here, and I have to say they do a great job of fancified French bistro food.  Personally I think dinner here is a better value. For food, I recommend the steak frites - their fries are delicious (and the steak isn't so bad, either).  This time I for some reason got the vegetable gnocchi, and they were a nice departure - I wasn't looking for something super heavy and it delivered, with lots of fresh veggies and pan seared fluffy gnocchi.  Since it's Vegas, I also got the opportunity to get my foie on.. I got the terrine of foie gras - which I unfortunately was not able to finish (but they packed it up for me for later!).  One of my friends got the pan-seared foie gras which I thought was a better choice flavor-wise.  Anyway, no real complaints for me.Service was good - my water glass was never empty and the waitstaff was efficient enough.  Decor is upscale-bistro style, classy but nothing special.  There is a nice hustle and bustle inside the restaurant but you can still talk to your friends, which is nice.Bouchon, it's always a pleasure.
4	It had been a while since we were last at Bouchon so thought it was high time we paid another visit.Wait time at 9am was around a quoted 15 min that was really only like 5 min - yay!I chose the Bread Pudding French Toast - have to say wasn't a fan.  There was an apple compote aspect to it which I thought had too much liquor.  Threw off the flavor for me but luckily, the Mr agreed to swap dishes w/ me.  Yup, he's a keeper!And this was after I talked him into choosing the Sourdough Waffle w/ Vanilla Butter.  It was just as scrumptious as I remembered!  Nice crispy on the outside / soft on the inside waffle paired w/ this wonderfully vanilla-infused butter.  It was heaven!He liked the frenchie - me, not so much but we both agreed the waffle was the winner by farWashed it all down w/ Bellinis - Champagne & Peach puree - what's not to love?!It was a lovely breakfast & fab welcome to our Vegas getawaySo recommendation for Bouchon is to stick w/ the waffles & everyone'll be happy!
3	I ate here for breakfast. While the food was good I didn't feel that two drinks and two entrees are worth almost $80, especially for the amount of food you get.
5	This place is fantastic. As soon as I saw the menu I knew I had to go for Brunch. This was before I even realized that it's a Thomas Keller restaurant. We ended up going for Breakfast during the week, which has a slightly smaller menu than Brunch, but were still extremely happy with all the food, and had a hard time deciding on what to order.We were able to grab a table outside, overlooking the Pool area at the Venetian, which gave it a nice French feeling. I started off with a Cafe au lait, which was delicious. I was really looking forward to trying one of their Champagne Cocktails, which all sounded delicious, but alas with it being our last day, I was just exhausted and needed an IV drip of caffeine. Our server kept the coffee coming for us. We started off with the Beignets, which came with a side of nutella and their house made strawberry jam. They were delicious, like beignets should be. The real star though was the strawberry jam. I asked if they sell it, but sadly they no longer do. I would totally buy some though. *hint hint* I ordered the quiche du jour, which was a quiche Lorraine. It came with a side salad, but I substituted fries. I wish I hadn't because they give you enough fries to feed a small country. My boyfriend's Croque Madame came with more than enough fries for both of us. Seriously, I am a french fry fiend and it looked like I hadn't even touched them. The quiche was fantastic though, very rich and tasty. My boyfriend loved his Croque Madame as well. The Mornay sauce was quite tasty. For breakfast this is a bit on the higher end, but the location, ambiance, service, drinks and food all make it worth it. I would definitely be back, hopefully for dinner or Brunch next time, and make sure and get one of those champagne cocktails.
3	Really pricey over here.Just got the Croque Madame. It was ok. That alone costed almost $20.  I did enjoy the Bouchon French Toast though! Similar to bread pudding.Didn't get to try their bakery! Need to next time.
5	The singular best eating experience I have had. Food and service was amazing. Made an early reservation so wasn't full of loud garish people. In summary, amazing.
5	Sit outside and enjoy the sunshine and Venezia garden while sipping on some hibiscus champagne at this fancy nancy locale. Rub elbows with producers, congressmen and weather folk.Get the trout and the French toast!!!!
5	Great food, even better service. Sat outside for brunch which was very nice (save for smokers once in a while). Our waitress went above and beyond for us when her co-worker dropped the ball. Without asking. She took it upon herself to make things right. Awesome! Thanks!
5	Wow, spent $2000 on a dinner for 12 people.  Was well worth it.  Everything from the champagne and oysters to my grilled octopus was superb.    Everyone enjoyed their meals and the ambiance was nice nice.  A definitely gem in Vegas.
5	The foie gras was so good I'll still be thinking about it 10 years from now. Make certain you order that if you go and you like foie gras at all. Comes on a crispy but still moist piece of bread with a plum sauce (I think it was plum). The flavors all run together into a magnificent blend. Best thing I had in Vegas I got a bunch of small plates and no entree. Salad was good, goat cheese with a vinaigrette.  Octopus was fantastic. Tried bone marrow for the first time, it's not for me though the preparation was excellent. Duck confit was a bit salty, but I still ate every bite.We also tried all 6 cheeses. 3 were very good, 2 were ok and i knew I wouldn't like the sixth so avoided (my friends liked it a lot.)Highly recommended. Great experience.
5	Tried their brunch this past weekend, and as usual it was AMAZING! Their traditional eggs benedict were mouth-watering and the service and experience was as good as my previous visit! Excellent job keeping consistent!
4	Had breakfast there, the atmosphere was great, ordered the danish assorted bread basket, large portions with excellent taste, and as one lady pointed out "they're to beautiful to eat".
4	This place was worth the visit. My boss treated 3 of us here, while on business trip earlier this month, and I loved it. The service was great and the waitress very attentive (you get what you pay for). The food was delicious, especially the desserts. We decided to share our dishes and desserts, this way we could all sample the variety. Very nice atmosphere. The tables were not too close. Pretty pricey tho, but I would visit with family & friends.
5	This review only covers breakfast/brunch, we've never been to Bouchon for Dinner.  This is _THE_ place to have breakfast in Las Vegas, hands-down.  The atmosphere is great, indoors and out. The service is exceptional, and the food is incredible.  We've had the bread pudding french toast, the waffles, the waffles and fried chicken, the corned beef hash, the omelettes and a few other items from the menu over the course of our 10+ visits.  Each item is exceptional, and dare I say, best-of-class.  This is the only place we insist on eating in Las Vegas almost every morning we're in town.
5	Loved the food.  Divinely tasty.   So good to have fois gras after living in the ban by California.   The service was superb.
3	I normally do my rating based mainly on food quality but being that this restaurant is pricey, I believe we pay for the service too. Service: Horrible. I came with a bachelorette party. Our server was rude to us. He was being impatient. I think it should be expected that when we come with a group this large (16 ppl) it may take us some extra time to order. The server wasn't giving us adequate time and was rushing us. Also there was this negative attitude about the server that just dampened our mood. He made dinner unpleasant. Other than that, they had our table ready when we arrived. Everyone else did a fine job but it was just our main server we all had a problem with. Food: Everyone enjoyed their food and there were no complaints. - Seared Foie Gras: Great. Wasnt over cooked. It was super simple and placed on a broiche but that created a perfect blend. - Muscles:The muscles were yummy too. The sauce was perfectly creamy. Not too intense. The muscles werent chewy. However, the fries that came with it weren't the best. Seemed a bit too dry.-Mushroom Side: The side of mushrooms were definitely addicting and the side was large enough to share with 3 people. -Salmon Tar Tar: I'm not a fan of salmon however their tar tar was just perfect. It wasn't fishy and I really recommend this dish to everyone. Summary, food amazing, service crap.
4	Went to Bouchon for Brunch. Probably the best brunch in Vegas.I had some really killer chicken and waffles. Both were done so well. They also made  pretty outstanding benedict. The price for food of this quality was very good as well. I am sure dinner is great  as well. Thomas Keller never really lets you down. His brunch at Bouchon was outstanding.
3	I'm not sure what's so special about this place. Maybe it's just the ambiance? In other words I hope that dinner was way better then brunch. Our breakfast took a while to get to us, which was fine with us being that brunch ended at 2. But there were no excuses on how the temperature of our bacon should of been.  It's wasn't even consider warm enough to be edible. It seem as though they just left the plate of cooked bacon out for hours then slapped it on the plate. But to sum it all;  Our breakfast pretty much taste as great as dennys. I'm giving it a 3 star because our waiter was nice and for the ambiance. Besides that, their food was a bore.
3	Good but not great.The only impressive item was the Foie Gras, which was $50 for the table.The 9oz filet was good, but the presentation of a massive amount of fries detracted.Also ordered the French Onion soup, which we had to turn back. I rarely rarely ever return food, but it literally tasted like. soy sauce.
3	We came here to eat because my friends wanted to eat here. They tried to Bouchon bakery up north and love the macaroons there. The wait was quite long almost an hour so I would highly recommend you to reserve ahead of time on open table. ordered:*I ordered how half a dozen oysters [$18] which is simply delicious. I would highly recommend it to any of your lovers. *I also ordered a quiche [$13.50] which add cheese bacon and onions. It wasn't bad very soft it just in while me. I have definitely had better quiche before. *the steak frites [$33.50] comes with fries. we specifically ordered it medium and it was made perfectly medium but lacked in flavor. Which I know they are not a steak house therefore I can't complain at the steak is in that out of this world. *My friend really enjoyed the special of the day which is the wild eggs benedict. He said that the egg was cooked perfectly. *My girlfriend had the Gravlax [$16] which came with smoked salmon with a petite baguette, chive cream cheese, red onion, tomato & capers. she enjoyed it however complained because it took too much of her time to have to put everything together. And she's used to eating a salmon lox. everything came separate so you'll have to put it together yourself.  However the salmon is definitely smoke in house as it was not that salty.Our waitress was awesome!! we have to wait a long time for are oysters and she made sure to tell her manager that we had to wait. basically her colleague messed up and we got the oysters after our food came out. I was able to get us half a dozen oysters for free without of complaining that i had to wait a long time Which is definitely great service. prices are kinda on the high side. i really wanted to love this place. I can't give it 5 stars because honestly everything was great [decor, outdoor setting, staff, menu selection] but the food was just average. The best part of my meal was the oysters.tips: *It is located upstairs.*cash and credit accepted. *There's indoor and outdoor seating. Outdoor seating is very limited. *They have cute little Tabasco sauce bottles. *There is a Bouchon bakery downstairs.*they give free samples of their baked goods.*the waiting area has newspapers you can read.*you can reserve a table on open table to cut the wait time. *located at the Venetian*causal attire
5	ONE OF THE BEST "CHICKEN AND WAFFLES" EVER! There's a reason why it's not called chicken THEN waffles, or waffles THEN chicken. At Bouchon, both harmoniously come together: the chicken is roasted instead of fried, and the waffle is made with bacon and chives; both respectively pair very well with their chasseur sauce and Tahitian vanilla butter. BRILLIANT job by Thomas Keller for his French take on this traditionally southern meal. My plate was clean!Other items to consider are the Croquet Madame and Steak Frites. My friends loved them and highly recommend them.If you're staying at the Venetian, it's almost mandatory for you're party to dine at Bouchon since it's just a walk down stairs. But no matter where you are staying, it's worth the cab ride or walk over. No reservations required for breakfast.So thank you Thomas Keller for the enjoyable meal! We look forward to coming back... And hopefully get to visit in Yountville in the near future.
2	You no doubt are wondering why only two stars for what SHOULD have been a five star dining experience.  Stopped in for brunch last Saturday around 12:30 - we were super excited to try this landmark French restaurant.From the minute we were seated, service was sub par and disappointing.  The waiters were more preoccupied with anything other than customer satisfaction.   We learned later that the restaurant closed at 2 pm and that the staff's focus was on ending their shift.Upon ordering, We were told that several of our first choice items (regular menu items, not specials) were out.  We had to ask multiple times for our coffee which was not delivered until the end if our meal.  After delivering our meals, the waiter once again scurried quickly away.  We had to TRACK him down and ASK (multiple times) for silverware...  First he brought only forks.  But we needed knives to cut our meats as well...  I had ordered steak and pommes frites with aioli.  And, when delivered, i wasn't surprised to hear they had no more aioli.I don't mind expensive French restaurants with attitude.  I do believe, that if you are promoting a that restaurant is "open for brunch", the restaurant should deliver on that with a menu and staff in place.This was NOT the five star experience we had previously at Le Cirque.  I wouldn't go back to Bouchon nor would I recommend it.
4	Not that need too add more too the thousands of reviews on Bouchon. You can never have enough reviews in life. I came here for Brunch with my dad, brother, and sister-in-law. It was the first time for me and my dad. I always wanted too checkout  Bouchon just rarely go high end restaurants much anymore. Special occasion whenever have full family together. This was definitely one of those occasions. Talk about packed for brunch or breakfast/lunch. Still not that bad of wait twenty mins at most.We started by sharing Bouchon Pastry Basket. You get too select four different ones or any combination your heart desires. We asked if you could order from the pastry special board for the day. Can do! On this day good thing since half of the pastry list too choose from was out. The ones that we did have was fabulous!! We had regular croissant, almond chocolate croissant, apple cheese danish, and scone. Every one literally tasted fresh out of the oven. The croissants talk about buttery, flaky, moist, and really felt like tasty of Paris in your mouth. Just great way too start off the day fresh pastry and coffee. I ordered the Croque Madame. Talk about ham and cheese. The fact using fresh brioche bread added so much more depth then regular bread. Sliced Ham not skimpy at all or the quality of Ham and cheese. More cheese on top with some kind of white cheese sauce. Then ultimate finish sunny side up egg on top. Heavy breakfast packed with all the bad things start the day but SOOO good. Side skinny cut french fries. Too say side more like mound of fries. I was surprised for fancy Thomas Keller restaurant the portion sides be so reasonable.
3	Joined a group of friends for dinner. Had the veal and it was...ok, I suppose. I have read raves about this place but it was just ok. Our host usually pick all kinds of appetizers and sides but nothing seemed remarkable. Good to try, but I shoot for something different next time.
2	Meh... I am not sure whether this place is worth waiting for this long!Croque Madame ($19) was above average, but not definitely the best. OK... fine.Steak Frites ($32)... excuse moi??? not really impressed and wonder how peeps are so excited bout this low quality steak.I strongly recommend to try other dishes...(I really mean it!!!)Not even close to steakhouse incl. Gallagher's and Morton's (even not willing to pay $15 for this!)With two sparkling wines, I ended up paying around $100 and would not consider coming back...The only bad choice ever based on yelpers' review :(
5	I vacillated between four and five stars for this place due to the fact that when I hold it up to all of the restaurant experiences and food I have had, it fits more into a four star but when I compare it to other Vegas dining experiences, it is a clear five so five it is!Basically, it is just a really nice place with a great menu, superb service, and delicious food.  We started with oysters on the half shell which were excellently shucked and wonderfully fresh. Moved to two salads, one with blue cheese and walnuts, the other with warm goat cheese over dressed greens which were both executed well and were complimented with fresh chewy delicious bread. For entrees, my husband had the lamb and I had the chicken. We also opted for sides of mushrooms and mac and cheese. Everything was excellent however the mushrooms were over salted. Considering this wasn't a theme in the meal, I won't hold it against them. All of this was accompanied with a nice and inexpensive bottle of white wine which was served and presented as if it was a $300 bottle. That kind of service is always an indicator of a well run restaurant and an attentive staff. Overall cost of the meal was expensive but very, very fairly priced for when we got. After visiting a wide array of places in Vegas, I would recommend this place as a must!
4	Last day in Vegas and we wanted a good breakfastOrdered side of bacon..this was as tasty crispy addition to my breakfast and they gave a generous portion.Coffee seemed a bit burnt or over roasted.Ordered the ham steak, eggs and potatoes breakfast.Was a nice sized portion and perfectly grilled as to not dry it out. Eggs were perfectly cooked sunny side up and the potatoes crispy on the outside fluffy on the inside.Will def come back for lunch
2	I have had nothing but wonderful experiences at Bouchon in Yountville.  Chef Keller needs to mind the store at this location quite a bit closer.  To start, our server (younger with short dark hair) was largely MIA the entire evening.  We had to go ask the sommelier for a cork for the wine bottle and ask someone else for the bill. His section was busy, but I jealously watched another server with graying hair attentively tend to 2 10-12 tops and 2 other smaller tables, including one next to us ... fabulous service.  I wish I could have switched tables.  And, after the meal when I asked to speak to a manager, he stood there and listened to me with a cool detachedness ... I wasn't angry or even riled up ... just relayed our experience and told me that it didn't reflect our many, many more positive experiences in Yountville ... I got a cool "thank you for sharing your thoughts."As for the food. My frisee salad with lardons and poached egg and mustard viniagrette was lovely.  I sent my french onion soup back.  The broth was overreduced and gritty and the cheese wasn't gratineed (just melted into a blob on top -- which came off like a lid).  My husband's croque madame was killer.Too bad ...
4	what can I say, the food is superb. in addition to the food, the attention the staff shows to each course is surreal. every dish, every drink, new silverware and glasses were brought out. we ordered almost every appetizer on the menu plus main courses. never was dissapointed. the only reason I didnt give 5 stars was because the waiter didnt have the ability to split a check and needed management to do it. bravo to the food
4	NOTE: This review is for their brunch.*I've had dinner here with family and extended family visiting from abroad. That was a long time ago, but the dinner was okay and the service was LONG - I'll have to go with people more willing to try bistro food next time.*I've also stopped by the original bakery in Yountville to get macarons as well as eaten at THE French Laundry. Check my bookmarks for my TFL review.---I've had this place on my Vegas foodie radar as it was well known for their brunch menu. No1DP and I wanted to grab brunch nearby before my scheduled pickup to the aiport.CONCEPT: Bistro fare from Thomas Keller, known for his restaurants at The French Laundry in Yountville and Per Se in New York.VENUE: Located in the Venezia Tower you have to take an elevator from the Venetian to get to a bridge that will take you to the entrance of the restaurant. Though you can look out from the bridge there isn't much of a view of the outside.SERVICE: When the No1DP and I arrived at 1:00ish there wasn't much of a wait. Approximate wait was ~25-30 minutes and I gave my phone number to text when our seats were ready. Bar was open seating and we went to actually eat at the bar but 5 minutes later I got a text alert saying our table was ready. At the beginning of the meal your server will tell you about the daily specials, but for reference there are blackboards scattered all across the restaurant that lists what those specials are. Service throughout the meal was good.FOODAfter your order, you get epi bread along with butter and jam. The epi bread was a bit tough on the outside yet slightly soft on the inside. Butter was very smooth and creamy and was close in composition to the butter I had at The French Laundry. As the waiter was reading off the specials the No1DP and I heard about a special that caught our eye - the rock shrimp hash. Shrimps came with a poached egg and more importantly the brioche bread that Bouchon is also known for. -Poached egg was PERFECT. Sauce was creamy but not heavy, the egg is SOFT and yolky but not RUNNY so that your hash won't turn into a total mess.-Shrimps were soft and flavorful. -Hash was full of vegetables and little potato. This ended up being one of the lightest hash dishes I've eaten. I really like a hash when it doesn't make me feel too stuffed due to the potato.-Brioche bread was a bit crispy but it was slightly chewy on the center and buttery, similar to the brioche I've had at The French Laundry (which was the best brioche I've ever had).No1DP and I also had freshly squeezed orange juice. The amount of pulp was just right.After a sub-par dinner experience I would like to come back here to try more of their brunch dishes, especially the croque madame and chicken and waffles. This is also a must-stop if you are staying at the Venetian or Palazzo.
5	I'm a savory girl over sweet any day--except, apparently, at Bouchon.Knowing that Bouchon has a reputation for stellar pastries, I ordered the beignets du jour as a brunch appetizer. I figured I'd have a bite and that would be that. The beignets arrived, two lacrosse ball-sized puffs coated in granulated sugar and stuffed with fresh, flavorful, raspberry preserves. They were so insanely delicious that I ate both of them to crumbs. My husband is lucky he got a bite.His pecan roll was also quite good, though it was no beignet du jour. Bloody Marys were well-made, albeit a bit expensive ($13 I believe). For the main courses, my husband had the American breakfast, which he enjoyed but which also seemed pretty standard to me (eggs cooked to your liking, sausage, bacon, toast, etc.). I had the famous chicken and waffles and it was another OMG-experience. The chicken was so perfectly cooked, very moist and tender. True to my savory roots, I primarily used the gravy for the dish rather than the syrup or the vanilla bean butter, but those of you with more of a sweet tooth would like those a lot.I'd be remiss to not also mention the fabulous preserves served with the complimentary bread. Bouchon must make their jams themselves--otherwise I am really missing the boat by not buying this stuff myself.We had a really hard time finding Bouchon. The Venetian and Palazzo are gigantic, sprawling properties, and the entrance to Bouchon is an understated doorway near the check-in desk. You then have to take an elevator to another floor to access the restaurant. Just be aware that you will have to look around a little bit to find the place. But do look for it--worth it!
5	As stated and restated in hundreds of reviews before mine: the chicken and waffles are absolutely sublime.  If you are envisioning greasy fried chicken with soggy, limp waffles - you have to completely rethink things.  This is the elite version, and it is worth the trip to Vegas for them.The chicken is roasted to perfection; crispy skin, but not fried.  The delectable combination of the bacon and chive flecked waffles, vanilla bean butter, warm syrup, and chasseur sauce was incredible and unbeatable.  I have returned two more times for the same meal!  We also enjoyed the beignets, and especially loved the accompanying jam.  The servings were plenty big enough to share. The service has been terrific on all of our visits, but I prefer to sit at the bar.  The service at the bar is wonderful, and the bartenders are engaging and interesting. This is a must-visit, don't miss spot on your next trip to Vegas.
3	Wanted to come here after the great reviews on yelp. Came for breakfastThe french toast was AMAZING. My husband absolutely adored it!I ordered eggs which came with bread and spinach. The spinach was really not to my taste, I didn't like that it was bitter. The scrambled eggs were cooked great, not burnt and just the good amount of butter. Potatoes were good thoughI think Id come back here for the French Toast. I thought it was totally worth it for that. The rest werent that great
2	Definitely not impressed. Service was LAME server knew nothing about French wine; neither did the "expert" that took over 30 minutes to come to our table to merely read the wine list to us. The server who brought the seafood appetizer was equally clueless. He informed us that Tamale Bay (sic) was "somewhere on the East Coast".  Add to that the oysters were poorly shucked; devoid of nectar and still attached to the shell.No plates for the bread & pistachios??? that came out after 20 mins. Food was really good, not fabulous. Two in my party got a special, the lamb shank; the most impressive item of the evening. Sorry Mr Keller, you need MUCH better staff.
2	I admit, I had really high hopes for this place - it's probably the only time in my life I'll get to dine in a Thomas Keller restaurant. However, I was pretty full after a day's worth of sampling all the strip has to offer, so I settled for the French Onion Soup. The pistachios and bread that came out were really good; the pistachios in particular were amazing. However, my soup was practically inedible. It tasted as though someone had dumped an entire canister of salt in it. I'm aware that French Onion Soup is supposed to be salty, but this was beyond terrible. Since it was costing me about $10, I decided to suck it up (literally) and finish the soup, even though all that salt made me feel terrible.I'm sure if I'd gotten something else, my experience would have been better, but I cannot recommend the French Onion Soup in the slightest.
5	I had the sourdough waffles and strawberries and cream and my mom had the smoked salmon platter "gralex" I think.. Just perfect.
3	Grey ambiance. Great service. Nice view. Good food. Price is a little high but worth it.
5	Finally! I've been wanting to try a Thomas Keller restaurant for my entire life. And since The French Laundry is a little out of my reach, i decided to try Bouchon. The food, the price, and the service was exceptional!We had the sausage pie, beef bougignon, salmon w/ oxtail, mussels, dessert and it was all an A+. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the mood for fine dining with great service.
5	I have frequented Bouchon Bakery before (which I absolute love and highly recommend) and was dying to try the actual restaurant (it is Thomas Keller's restaurant after all) so the hubby decided to take me here for brunch last weekend.It was everything I had hoped for and more.First off, the service was excellent. Out waiter was super friendly and knowledgeable. I really appreciated that he took the time to chat with us and get to know us.Brunch:Coffee - awesome coffee... I ended up having 3 cups and was wired for the rest of the dayBread - good bread, but it was the raspberry preserve that I wanted to rave about, it was so fresh and clean that we had to ask for moreWild Mushroom Crepe (special of the day) - wow this was amazing, the mushrooms were so flavorful and the crepe was so delicate, but what put us over the edge was the delicious scrambled eggs, I know scrambled eggs aren't usually that inspiring but these were the best eggs we have ever had, the hollandaise the sundried tomatoes helped tie the dish togetherChicken and Waffles - this was the main reason why I wanted to visit Bouchon and it did not disappoint. The waffles were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. And the roasted chicken was just divine.We were both stuffed and thoroughly satisfied. We will definitely be coming back for more!
5	A bit hard to find, but worth the find!!I got the waffles and the oatmeal sitting at the bar, and they were the best waffles I've had....and the best oatmeal I've had at a restaurant.  The waffles were TO DIE FOR!!!  SUPER crispy, yet light, fluffy and moist on the inside served with a vanilla  bean butter.  The oatmeal was creamy and delicious.I had a flight to catch so the bartender was super attentive without being annoying, my food came out really fast, and they kept the place really clean.  Overall, such a pleasant experience.  What a fantastic restaurant!
1	20 minute wait on a Monday morning at 10:15 with a dozen open tables? Perhaps better staffing  management is needed. Very disappointing for a high end restaurant in a 5 star hotel.
5	We came here on Thanksgiving night since after a whole day exploring The Strips we were exhausted and it's on the same floor as our suite. We were introduced to have rillette salmon for appetizer and lamb leg for entree. The Rillette was amazing. I have never had salmon in such form before, it's so smooth and creamy.We would love to come back again.
5	Pretty much perfect. Unless you want low carb or gluten free. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Also perfect for mothers day! Ask someone in the hotel for directions if you get lost.
5	Before we even stepped on the plane, we knew that Bouchon would be one of our stops during our visit to Vegas. We had read plenty of professional raves but it was Anthony Bourdain's recommendation that genuinely solidified the decision (Bourdain is an idol of mine). As mentioned by others, it is (by all means) a "hidden" gem. (See my "tip" for how to locate it). Once we made the circuitous trek, we were politely greeted and had less than a ten minute wait for a table (for brunch). And, the brunch menu is wonderfully diverse.  Those who wish to indulge will find plenty of options ... likewise for those who wish to eat lightly or heart-healthy. Happily, the menu is extremely inclusive.The atmosphere is airy, immaculate, and welcoming. The servers are immensely helpful and charming (they even humored our not-so-sparkling French). Our party's large order was brought simultaneously (so there was no awkward wait-time for all food to arrive ... no cold eggs, no chilly fries). This seems a rarity and we were incredibly pleased.Every single person at our table enjoyed their selection. My "Le Jardin" was a lovely combination of freshly sliced (perfectly ripe) tomatoes (I cannot even tell you the last time I received a "perfectly ripe tomato" at any eatery), cooked spinach (lightly salted with a touch of garlic), brioche, and eggs. It was a nutritious, yummy way to begin a day of otherwise indulgent behavior. Interestingly, one particularly voracious eater noted an initial disappointed with the "portion" and quickly realized how the amount of food is actual "just right." He was accustom to American excess ... you will not see that here (with the exception of the French fries ... which arrive in a massive pile and were delicious). The cuisine was delicate, nuanced, and (ultimately) tasty. The experience was an absolute delight ... completely removed from the din and chaos of this frenetic area (which we love and completely immersed ourselves in the second we left Bouchon). Visit Bouchon as a respite ... as a moment of clarity in an otherwise "blurry" adventure.
4	Had brunch here with the family and loved the service, ambiance and the food plus we had a very knowledgeable server.We had:1. Breakfast plate with bacon, sausage, eggs, pastry and toast2. Croissants3. Oatmeal4. Coffee, OJEverything was delicious and well prepared. My only disappointment was that the croissants were not as good as we hoped. They were good but not amazing and for this type of restaurant we were hoping for better than average.Overall would definitely recommend.Update 1/22/14: We recently went to Bouchon in Yountville (their flagship) and I found out that in all the other Bouchon locations outside of Napa Valley, the baked goods are made with a machine (hence my disappointment at the croissants). Everything in Yountville is handmade and you can taste the difference.
4	I really like the atmosphere here...it has large windows and it doesn't feel like other restaurants on the strip. The service was great and all the food was good. While nothing is going to blow your mind it's a great place for brunch. We had:- Ham and Eggs: the person who had this said it was just ok- Smoked Salmon plate: I thought everything on this plate was delicious...the smoked salmon was really nice. - French Toast: this was definitely a dessert rather than a brunch item...waaaay too sweet. - Quiche Special: this was enjoyed- Mushroom Crepe special: unfortunately there was not enough mushroom flavor...was just meh. - Butternut squash soup: this was yummy.Coffee and bloody mary's were good (bloody mary needed way more vodka).
5	Excellent food.  That is all.
5	One word for this: EXTRAORDINARY!THE PLACEThe restaurant environment and vibe is really great. It was homey, it was upscale and it was really clean and organized. It makes you feel like you are in Paris and not in Las Vegas. The place is easy to be found and they have big table for groups. THE FOODFor me, the food is really good. I went there for brunch and they have a lot of different kind of food. As we went there in a big group, we were able to order a lot of different kind of food, thus allow me to taste a lot of them. For me, I ordered the Croque Madame. i have eaten Croque Madame in different places, and this one is the one on top of my list. The presentation is beautiful and the toast is really soft, plus, when you eat and put the food in your mouth, it melts in your mouth and the combination of the toast, the ham and the egg plus the sauce is just out of this world. The corned beef hash is also super great. It blends in your mouth. One of the primary highlights is their homemade. You MUST order the jam. It was not too sweet, but the taste is really soft and nice. I can even eat it with nothing and only the jam.THE SERVICEThe service is fast, and our server was really nice as she kept on asking us whether we need anything or not and when we asked her to bring something, she did not delay it and always came back with a smile on her face. The service is just extraordinary. They were super friendly and they were also willing to take care of the splitting the bills which are a little bit complicated as there were about 12 of us.THE PRICEThe price is acceptable for brunch. Although it may be a little bit expensive, but the portion they gave is suitable with the price. Plus, it was located in Venetian. I can also taste that they are only using the freshest and expensive ingredients for the food, so, overall, the food was worth the price.P.S: At the end, they gave us free 15% discount for the bakery. Superb!
4	ah, Bouchon.  So many people talk about this place but I had never been.  First, it's in a ridiculous location as others have noted.  Everyone else's reviews are very poor in their direction.  I think someone said that it's in the southwest area of the Venetian.  Ok. Who the F**k  has a compass in the F**king casino???    It's by the registration lobby.  That simple.  Take the elevators up and you are there.There was a small wait for the brunch.  The brunch menu is basically the same as the breakfast (with a few additions).  So. . . .Chicken and Waffles.  - Glorious.  The waffles have bits of bacon in them and they are amazing.  The Chicken is roasted and not fried.  I have to think that it is better this way because I can't imagine this dish being beat by any restaurant.  You must get this.French Toast - Looks great but it's not that impressive.  You should try something else.  Ambiance - I think the restaurant loses a star here.  The decor is dated and the tables too crowded.  There were a couple of single old men sitting by themselves on the small tables and whenever they coughed, I cringed.  Who knows what germs they caught from their respective escorts last night?  I still highly recommend, even just for the chicken and waffles.
5	Very impressive.  Yes, Las Vegas has many great restaurants, but what I find frustrating is that many are situated off casinos, and are dark, windowless spaces.  Bouchon is a gorgeous space with wood paneling and floor to ceiling windows overlooking a lovely pool/garden area.  The food was exceptional and I have had many mussel dishes, but this was one of the best.  We all commented on the unique dish it was served in.  Everyone at the table was very happy with their meals.  A great night!
4	Incredible sweets! The main course of Gnocci was toasted and had the seasonings mixed inside the dough.  The beet puree accompanying the gnocci was earthy and delicious! The brussel sprouts with diced apples and brown butter sauce were great too! I couldn't stop eating them! Great place to try in the Palazzo!
4	Bouchon was a great stop off our flight. Table ordered chicken and bacon-chives waffles, special rock shrimp omelette and croque Madame. Frankly, the croque Madame was good, but doesn't compare to the ones we have had at Birchwood Kitchen in Wicker Park. But I digress. Sharing the optimal way to go here as the waffles are sweet and savory but too much for one person. It's worth going for the bread, butter and jam that comes with the meal. A notch below spectacular overall, but that bread.....
5	Came here for brunch twice, and both times it was fantastic. The first time I had the quiche, and it was by far the best quiche I have ever had. It had this smooth consistency and literally would just fall apart in your mouth. Cooked just right. Also tried a little bit of everything else on their brunch menu, since I was with a bunch of my girls for a bachelorette. Everything was great. But what stood out was the great great service we had from our server. She was hilarious and so welcoming. Really made our experience really fun. The second time I had the hash and the boyfriend had the steak, and both dishes were fantastically done. The flavors were so amazing and we left feeling so stuffed - great great meals.
5	As soon as we knew we were headed to Vegas, I knew we would be dining at Bouchon.  We patroned TK's French Laundry on our honeymoon and I have been a TK afficionado ever since.  Just amazing, beautiful food!I easily made a reservation via OpenTable and also made a note to tuck my $20 OpenTable gift certificate in my wallet for use at Bouchon.  I also requested to sit by the windows based on my fellow Yelper's reviews, and that request was honored.  Yay!We were quickly seated, walking past the amazing looking oysters (which I don't even like!), to a beautiful table that overlooked a courtyard at the Venetian (might actually be a pool, but it was dark).  Our waitress immediately greeted us with enthusiasm and introduced us to the menu.  Having eaten a later lunch at Otto Enoteca and still being on EST, I wasn't as hungry as I hoped, which meant that hubby and I decided to split an appetizer and a main course.Easy enough - let's get the foie gras terrine!  Yay!  (although the foie gras saute looked equally as good)  The small was plenty for two people - I actually think we left a smidge in there.  The bread that came with it was perfection.  I believe TK is the largest procurer of foie gras in the country, so if I'm going to eat it, I want to have it at one of his spots, because I know it will be the very best I can get.  And it was.  Yummy yum yum.We settled on the evening special:  braised beef cheeks (i.e. beef bourguignon) with fresh papparadelle pasta on the side. OMG, amazingness.  Totally the best I've ever ever had.  It was like pot roast, just amped up with perfect herbs, onions, mushrooms, and other veggies.  And that pasta - GROAN.  I almost asked for a 2nd plate of it.  Delicious beyond words.  And again, the portion size was perfectly split between two people.  I don't know what we would have done had I actually ordered my own entree.  Mercy.  I did order a side of the garlic spinach, mainly because I adore sauteed spinach about as much as I adore spaghetti and I just couldn't help myself.  Delicious.  Since we stayed at the Palazzo, we were offered a winter specials app for the complex.  I happened to notice that this meant a free dessert at Bouchon, which I happily redeemed for the lemon tart.  It was TART, omg.  I mean, TART.  My lips still pucker up thinking about it!  Hubby got some delicious chocolately dessert that made him happy as can be; I just can't remember what it was.Wine was amazing, of course.  My french champagne was perfection and hubby's bourbon cocktail was too.  Our waitress patiently guided us through the various red wine offerings, letting us sample this and that before we found the perfect partner for our braised beef cheeks.  Yummy.All in all, terrific service and delicious food and wine made for a super pleasant relaxing dinner, even if I was almost falling asleep in my food since it was essentially after midnight at home.  And bonus!  The OpenTable gift certificate was happily applied to our bill, along with the credit for the lemon tart.  No snootiness at all!  YAY!I would definitely recommend Bouchon for dinner, but man oh man, the breakfast, brunch, and even poolside menus look just as divine, so if you're having trouble squeezing in for dinner, definitely make an appearance for one of their other serving times.  Yay TK!
1	Bouchon was such a disappointment tonight. They over salted everything. My friend who dined with us just asked to meet in the vip.room to get more water. The steaks were overcooked and the sauces to the soups and sides were.all so salty. The whole table commented on how hard it was to eat everything. The server wasnt super nice but wssnt horrible either. Too bad the food was inedible. We dine here every time we come to vegas and dine at bev hills often. This was such a horribke experience and we wont be dining here again. Waste of money and a ruined my mom bday dinner. The food at these restaurants should.be impeccable considering the money you pay. We would have been happier at souplantation!
1	Recently went to Bouchon for dinner.   This place is overly expensive for the quality.   Be careful with waiters trying to upsell the menu.  Regular oysters cost 18 dollars on the menu.  We paid 40 dollars.  Water cost 30 dollars.  Stay away from lamb dish it is very salty.  Everything is very salty so you need to drink a lot of water.   Wine was not great.  I would recommend pear desert.  Overall I would get better quality for less somewhere else.
4	I went to Bouchon with some other friends while in Vegas.  They had made the reservation so I was just tagging along.  The meal was excellent and the service was the same.  Our waiter had worked there for 10 years since the restaurant open.  He new everything about the menu and was very kind.  I had the french onion soup to start.  The process to make the broth for the soup takes several days.  Because of that the richness and depth of flavor is amazing.  My main dish was the scallops over a slaw that had bacon in it.   Great dish as well...but 2 scallops for $34...I can't say I'd do it again.  The drinks were good and usually priced for a more upscale restaurant.  My friends had mussels and oysters to start and they were raving over them.  Good spot to check out when in Vegas.
2	Hmm... Well we came in with very high expectations, based on a previous good experience.The good:Great service from bus boys. Very nicely packaged doggy bag (for the dog, although he may not like the food either). Decent tasting bread.The Bad:Overstretched waiters.Overcooked and dry food (both the gnocchi and lamb shank special). No decent restaurant would allow such food to leave kitchen. The food is edible...Overall I think management is to blame.
5	I really enjoy having breakfast at the Bouchon restaurant at The Venetian.  One of my favorite things to do is to get a table overlooking the fountain and slowly revel in a selection of croissants (Pain au Chocolate and regular) while unhurriedly sipping a cup of coffee.  My husband usually orders the French Toast.  While the French Toast is probably one of the most calorie-enhanced dishes on the menu, the its taste is worth a few extra hours at the gym - the dish absolutely melts in your mouth while drowning your senses in the ticklish spender of warm custard and apple-tasting layers of brioche.    The service is prompt, dependable, courteous and professional.  Overall, a consistently Ahhhh...mazing breakfast experience.
5	*Saturday Brunch Review*Oh goodness gracious, this place is just lovely.  I'd probably give 4.5 stars if I could because my main menu item choice didn't entirely blow me away, but it was really really good.  I initially gave four stars, then wrote my review and upon reflecting, realized I needed to change it.I'd DEFINITELY recommend you go here for brunch.  I've heard the Wynn buffet is also a must for breakfast, but if you're not going to a buffet, I'd say make this place your next stop.  It's really easy to find from the self-parking garage elevators - just follow the signs.I came alone (business trip) on a Saturday right at prime brunch hours at 11:30am.  Seemed like couples/groups were getting seated right away no problem, and there were plenty of open seats in the bar area so I snagged one for myself. (fyi they don't take brunch reservations).I was promptly asked if I wanted anything to drink, and subsequently checked in upon every 2-3 minutes by 3 different servers behind the bar - not annoying, quite pleasant and kind actually.  Finally I was ready to order!  The breakdown:-Coffee - it was good.  I wouldn't say anything to write home about, but nothing wrong with it either.  Bottomless cup is nice.-The Beignets - oh holy shit the beignets.  These DID blow me away.  Two large sugar coated doughnuts literally BURSTING with fresh, house-made strawberry jam.  I picked one up and was shocked at how heavy it was.  I tried to break it apart - not so much - jamsplosion!  But seriously, I inhaled them.  They were so so so good.  An absolute MUST if you're a sweets-for-breakfast fan.  The jam is really really incredible.-Speaking of jam, I asked about it because I'd heard they make it all in-house, and the server mentioned their jam of the day didn't come with my meal choice, but he would bring me some.  I was under the impression everyone gets baguettes/jam/butter after they order, but maybe not for brunch?  Maybe only if you order specific items?  I'm not sure, but I also didn't care because a) I had beignets, b) he was bringing me their peach mandarin jam anyways, and c) I don't prefer hard breads.  The peach mandarin jam was incredible.  INCREEEEDIBLE.-I ordered the Chicken & Waffles (bacon and chive).  They were both very very good, but I've had better (in the northeast, surprisingly).  The tahitian vanilla butter was a nice touch, and I'll say I definitely tried every combination of chicken-waffle-vanillabutter-syrup-peachmandarinjam that was exponentially possible.  The chicken was juicy and moist with crispy skin on one piece but not really on the other, and the waffles were light and flavorful, although the last two i got two ended up being kind of soggy for some reason.  Interestingly enough, the standout of this dish was the mushroom sauce.  Mushroom sauce?  WIth syrup and vanilla butter and waffles?  Weird, I know.  And no, I did not combine it with any of those.  But what I DID get to do was switch between mouthfuls of savory and sweet, and for someone for whom that choice is a CONSTANT dilemma in life (#1stworldproblems), this dish is pretty close to heaven.  But for real, that sauce was essentially the best gravy I've had in my life.  I will likely be dreaming about it, and will try (and likely fail) to recreate it at home.  I might write to Bon Appetit to get the recipe...I ordered a cheese danish to go cause a fellow yelp friend said it was amazing - haven't had it yet though.Bottom line - a really great breakfast experience, in a nice atmosphere, with delicious food.  I'm glad I went, and I would highly recommend it (if you couldn't tell already).
5	Bouchon never disappoints.  Over the years, I've had many a good meal there and I plan on continuing to do so.  Everything they do is done with absolute precision and attention to detail, but at very reasonable prices!  Some of my favorites have included a gnocchi entree with chanterelle mushrooms (dumplings were pillowy and irresistible), roast chicken (simple yet perfectly satisfying), and foie gras terrine (decadent but worthy of the calories).  The creme caramel is also a must!  Whatever you decide on, Bouchon will blow you away.
4	great place for brunch! they will serve you with complimentary bread for sharing, which is crunchy but yummy. This is served with strawberry jam and butter. We ordered the croque madame and it doesn't taste like the ordinary croque madame we have. It is crunchy like a toast. It tastes great along with the bunch of fries it goes with. Corned beef hash is a must have on your table! It is my personal favorite and I believe my friends' too! The chicken and waffles were so-so. The french toast is more like a bread pudding (apple inside) and it was very refreshing and good!
3	Good. Not excellent, but solid. The octopus appetizer was phenomenal. I highly recommend it. The truffle fries were fine, but nothing spectacular. The foie gras was good--how can it not be--but too salty. The lamb shank special was okay, but again, way too salty. I guess I don't think I should be complaining about too much salt at a restaurant like Bouchon, you know? It's supposed to be the work of one of the top chefs in this country, and it just didn't live up to that expectation. It was very expensive, which is fine if it's worth it, but this experience wasn't. The service was also pretty weird. It took an hour and a half to get appetizers, and more than two hours to get our main meals. Our server was perfectly nice, but it shouldn't take that long to be served whatsoever.
3	I've been here a few years ago for dinner and remembered how fatty and tasty their foie gras was. I also remembered how the waiter promoted their special of some white fish. It wasn't very flavorful or moist. Fast forward to last month, I came here for  chicken and waffles and foie gras pate for breakfast. Unfortunately they don't serve chicken and waffles during the weekday :( I walked away with yummy liver spread on toasted baguette. It was delicious. It was strange to come to a place like Bouchon and order only one item to share. I didn't want to waste stomach real estate on something that I wasn't craving. It's Vegas after all. The receipt had a spelling error, but it did give us a discount at the Bouchon bakery! :) I got a box of macarons for friends back home.
5	My husband and I have been wanting to eat breakfast/brunch at Bouchon for many years. But let's face it, it's Vegas and we never get up in time. We finally did, as we had an early flight, and I'm sad we hadn't sooner. My husband ordered the French Toast. I'm very picky when it comes to French Toast (I think my mom's is the best). Wow! Best French Toast ever! Don't tell my mom. I ordered the omelette de jour with button mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, and cheddar cheese. Awesome! A slice of brioche with raspberry jam was a great ending to the meal. We each had coffee. Only a $38 bill, not bad for a great meal in Vegas. The service was top notch, from the hosted to the waitress to the servers. Our coffee cups never went empty. We will make this a must every time we are in Vegas....even if it means sacrificing some zzz's....it's totally worth it.
5	I used to live in Napa and was very excited there was a Bouchon here in Vegas! Not only is the cuisine excellent, but I love the atmosphere and ambiance of both the Napa and Vegas restaurant. Bouchon has a bit of everything and I always love trying new items every visit. They have a great kids menu as well so don't be intimated.Rillettes aux Deux Saumons was an item that seemed odd to me, but really delicious when I tried it. I'm a huge fan of their Confit de Canard, which sells out fast! Also love their perfectly roasted Poulet Roti, the Croque Madame, and Sole Billi Bi!Brunch reservations go fast on weekends, but sooo perfectly portioned and I love their selections and accompaniments!  The raw bar has an incredible selection of freshly flown in sea food. The desserts are a perfect way to end a good meal. I love the Bouchons!! MMM!!! It's an experience that always takes me to a place of relaxation and indulgence!
4	Bouchon is pretty good but it seems to be going downhill.  I've been several times in the last couple of years.  Initially, I would've given this place 5 stars, but my last visit was just meh, so I'll give this an average of 4 stars.  They previously had octopus on their menu, which was excellent.  Their bread and foie gras are also excellent.  Their cheeses are pretty good.  Salads are also pretty good.  Everything else I've tried on their main menu hasn't been memorable (I can't even remember what they were).In general, if I were to go back, my strategy would be to order items not in the main course section, and it will probably be pretty good.
5	If I can not have breakfast in Spain then Bouchon is Las Vegas will have too do. The food is beautiful , fantastic and delicious. The pastries are so buttery and flaky. The eggs and hash are the best I have had in a restaurant. The room reminds me of being in Paris or Spain and I feel like I have travel far, as if the dropped a Paris cafe in the middle of Vegas.
5	I have only been to Bouchon for breakfast/brunch, never dinner, but I have never been disappointed. On one visit to Vegas, I think my friend and I ate here every morning...The atmosphere is fun, and I love the location in the Venetian because it's close to almost everything. I absolutely adore the beignets, and love dipping them in chocolate/nutella. Yum!The food here is very heavy, so it can get to be a bit much, but it is oh so delicious. I generally order one of the specials, as they are always delectable. They always have an omelette of the day, and ordering this is always an excellent choice. The coffee is spectacular as well, and it's lovely to sit outside on the patio when the weather is nice.I am looking forward to trying Bouchon for dinner next time!
4	Brunch menu was hearty.  Our waiter attentive.  Bright atmosphere and food came out fairly quickly.  Delicious entries.  We had a hotel guest 15% coupon that we left in the room. We had already handed over card and signed bill when we remembered.  Although we could have easily gone upstairs to retrieve it, they would not readjust receipt.  That sucked.  Note to all; dont forget your coupons.
5	While we were in Vegas, our friends recommended coming to Bouchon. It was actually already on my list, so we agreed to meet up with them at 12:30 on Sunday for Brunch. They said they'd get there early to get in line for a table as they don't take Brunch reservations. At 11:40 we get a phone call as they already got a table, so we rushed to get there as soon as possible. Luckily, even though we got there at 12:30, they weren't rushing our friends out the door, so bonus points for that.I had the chicken and waffles. I've never really eaten chicken and waffles. So far I've only had posh versions, and the one at Bouchon did not disappoint. The chicken was nicely cooked with delicious gravy. The vanilla butter was great and the syrup on top was nice. Everything went so well together, and I just ate the whole thing. The other half ordered the croque madame and it was delicious. Unfortunately he wasn't feeling the best due to a bit of overindulgence the day before, so he didn't enjoy it as much as he probably would have liked.I also had a Bloody Mary and a hibiscus bubbly drink. Both of which were really great. The coffee was delicious too. So no complaints on anything really. Great service and great food, and everything I could expect from a Bouchon restaurant.
3	To dine here I traveled from afarIn my relentless quest for boudin noirAs well as the finest steak tartareMy palate, it was far from gluttedI left this place completely guttedAuthentic French ? 'Tis but a ruseAnd Thomas Keller - J' ACCUSE !Seriously - no boudin noir, and the server said they had not had it on the menu for over a year. No steak tartare. As Queen Victoria once said "No pudding and no fun"I can't complain too much as we walked in prime time Saturday evening with no reservations, got a space at the bar and enjoyed oysters and a corpse reviver.We went back for a final breakfast Tuesday a.m. before getting out of Dodge - breakfast was good, and the boudin blanc was decent enough ( but boudin noir it ain't !)- but it took almost an hour to get the food.I think in the last 10 or 12 years the rest of Vegas has caught up with what was once a stand-out.
4	Is it odd that i find the free bread was the most amazing thing i ate? The housemade butter was delicious and I was tempted to smuggle some home with me. The staff was super helpful and even gave us bread and butter to go. We started out with beignets, nice and hot with lots of cinnamon sugar on them. I ordered the truite grenobloise which was very rich. I could've done without the head on it though. It was served with cauliflower and croutons on top. I would definitely visit their bakery in the Venetian next time.
1	A SEVERE disappointment. We got there yesterday with a 10pm reservation.1. The waiter never greeted us, or even introduced himself. He just walked up--leaned over my wife, and started creepily poking her menu for possibilities. 2. The bussing staff started reaching for things to take away (even plates covered with food, still being eaten) without even asking (I don't playing like tug of war in a seemingly fancy restaurant).3. My main steak frites dish came LOADED with fries (not complaining) accompanied by a cold depressingly undercooked lump of meat (complaining).4. I asked to have the dish wrapped to go. I opened the bag this morning to find only that sad brown lump..with no fries (and there were tons left on the plate).5. I gave the waiter a 20% tip (which he did NOT deserve), and he never thanked us nor bid us a good night (though I had done both to him). The Yountville, CA establishment is worlds better. I've been to that Bouchon multiple times and had zero issues. Don't even bother with this one in Vegas.
5	Can I have fries with a side of steak?The fries here are legendary. If I had only 1 meal in vegas, I would get my ass down to Bouchon and order frites and some entree to go with it. We got here late but made it before the morning service ended. I had the steak n eggs - perfect medium steak with perfect sunny side ups, accompanied with sauteed potatoes fried together with caramelized onions in the steak jus. Very good.My companion had the rainbow trout served with cauliflower and capers. The flavors melded together beautifully.I ordered the frites as an addition, and we almost finished all of it. It's skinny feather light crisp and fluffy frites that are very very addictive. Words cannot do it justice.
4	It was truffle season and foie gras is banned in California so I had an expensive but delicious meal at Bouchon. I only ate 2.5 ounces of terrine de foie gras and a bowl of truffled mashed potatoes but it filled me up and gave me all the fat I needed for the week.I ate-2.5 terrine de foie gras, served in a mason jar with toast points. just perfect.truffled pureed potatoes-rich creamy with lots of tiny bits of truffle, expected at least a slice served on top.Currently they are also doing also a black or white truffle risotto, a black truffle mac and cheese.I was a walk-in at 5pm and ate at the bar. They have a small menu of mocktails, I tried the anti-saloon.The prices are higher than at the Bouchon in Napa. The space is over the top but it's Vegas and it's still more tasteful than 90 percent of the design in Vegas. It's on the 10th floor and you will get checked by the security if you use the patron's elevator. There is a phone for the restaurant by the Bouchon Bakery on the casino where you can call them directly to see if they have reservation or with any questions.
4	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Croque Madame - Creamy, rich, yet simple.  If you love ham, this is the perfect breakfast/brunch item for you.  In short, it is a ham and cheese sandwich made with toasted brioche and smothered with bechamel and a sunny side up egg.  Perfect balance.Quiche Lorraine - SO GOOD.  Probably on my top 5 quiche lorraine list.  Creamy, eggy, and oh the crust.... the crust was just right.  Texture held up great against the filling and had a nice flakiness.  Beignets - Not your traditional doughy, fluffy, chewy beignets.  More of a cakey feel, these were just ok.OVERALL:  Service was top notch & food came out flawless.  Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
4	Ok, so compare to restaurants in San Francisco or Yontsville, this place would be more like a 3.5 star. The food was executed well, a tad on the salty side, but overall the chef's skill was solid. the problem is, the food wasn't very creative and there's nothing exciting about the menu. I would think Yontsville would be better, although I've never been to Bouchon there, I've been to a few others that have more exciting menus. however, the restaurants in Vegas in general lacks creativity. so in terms of that, this place is better than most of the other ones of the same level when I looked at the menus and that's how we decided to come here. in terms of merit, it's a solid restaurant even if the name isn't Bouchon.
4	A great dinning experienceWent here for dinner. Beautiful ambiance, elegant but not stuffy. Service was great; friendly helpful and efficient. Superbly executed bistro food. Duck Confit- best I have had. Roast chicken- Perfectly cooked with garnish that really pulled the flavors together. Scallops- Best scallop dish I have had. Great place for a date
5	Stellar restaurant in Vegas at the Palazzo (hidden on the 10th floor) where everything - from the bread to the desserts - is made with quality ingredients. This restaurant is great. 3 times I went there for breakfast or dinner and each time it was divine. Service is efficient. Staff is rather friendly and the food is definitely exceptional. 5 stars well deserved Mr Keller.
5	This place is really amazing. I come here for brunch or dinner pretty much every Vegas trip I go on and I've got to say that it's been consistently good. The wine list is pretty stellar and the bar tenders are really knowledgeable about what pairs with what and they do their best to give you tastes before you buy. The prices for wine vary from inexpensive to more than what I make in a week. I've never been disappointed by any of the wines OR cocktails that I've tried here. Which are numerous. Food: The FRIES!!! So good. They're the skinny little ones and they're wonderful. I got the mussels and fries and the sauce for the mussels was to die for! I also got the lamb over a bean ragout and I was disappointed with that dish. Way too much salt and the beans didn't make sense with the lamb- they were almost the same texture which was a little weird. The lamb was so tender that it was almost shocking! We for sure finished that!My friend got the scallop entree and it was phenomenal!! Seriously! Very rich though. It was small, only two or three scallops, but because of the richness, we couldn't eat any more than that anyways. We also got some mussels and clams as a starter and the sauces that came with them were outstanding. The prices were reasonable for cold seafood too. We also tried the french onion soup and I have to say, it's the best I've ever had. It's large though, so I could have eaten it for dinner alone!!!If you're looking for a beautiful escape from the cigarette smoke and hooker cards on the Vegas strip, come to Bouchon which is a little French oasis.
5	There may not be another restaurant as finely tuned, approachable, affordable, and elegant on this planet. Never a disappointment. Always an amazement.
5	I have been to Bouchon in Yountville and knew the food would be delicious.  Again, was blown away by the delicious food (Steak Frites and large raw seafood platter).  But what really made this trip to Bouchon memorable was how well we were treated with two tired toddlers in tow.  We arrived on a Saturday night at 10 PM without reservations (we just arrived in town, starving, otherwise the kids would have been in bed) looking for a good meal.  Our hostess greeted us warmly and even gave our oldest a Ratatouille coloring book and crayons.  That is how I knew they were truly welcoming to children - great for a French restaurant to take that little step to welcome children!  Tables were spaced well so that when the inevitable meltdown occurred it wasn't disruptive to the other diners (or so their smiles and kind words said).  I left Bouchon even more impressed than before, with plans to visit again soon.  It is always a challenge to find an upscale restaurant with delicious food that will welcome young children.  Already a favorite due to the excellent cuisine, Bouchon may be my new favorite restaurant after how well we were treated.  I will definitely be back.  (And those fries on the Steak Frites dinner - probably the best I have ever had.  Like County Fair fries perfected.)  Mmmm.  (And on a similar note - try Bouchon Bakery for some amazing cookies - the ones fashioned after Oreo's and Nutter Butter are delicious, as are the macarons.)
5	My favorite spot in Las Vegas. Like the rest of Thomas Keller's restaurants, this one is about as close to perfect as you can get from the moment you walk through the entrance. From the water to the butter to the napkins it is all completely thought out and lovely. I am a sucker for the steak frites, but this last visit I devoured a veal chop that was without peer.
2	This is a review for a breakfast from March 2013. While the food (with the exception of the burnt beignets) was excellent, the service was horrible. Don't know (or care) if my waitress was having a bad day, but she was nasty! She was argumentative, wouldn't refill my coffee (although I was able to ask other servers to do so), and wouldn't clear empty plates from the table. Incredibly disappointing for a Thomas Keller restaurant. Won't be back.
1	On a recent CES visit, I was able to procure a reservation for 4 at 10 pm on a Friday night.  Great!  I have cooked with Bouchon and various Thomas Keller Sous Vide cookbooks and was looking forward to this.  I had ordered seared Foie gras and Coquille St. Jacques.  The Foie Gras must have been seared in a clear vegetable oil and was bland.  The Coquille St. Jacques?  It must have come from a starvation diet recipe.  Two 1.5 ounces of scallops, and I am being generous on my estimation, on a small bed of sauerkraut for $29.00. It wasn't enough even for an appetizer.  The sauce, and it was a just a sauce, was bland and uninteresting too.  It neither tasted of cheese base or an hint of Pernod or wine.  My friends had Leg of Lamb stew with white beans.  I am sure that the leg of lamb was cooked separately by the sous vide method and the beans were stewed separately.  There was not a hint of jus from the leg of lamb in the white beans, and the beans were undercooked.  Needless to say, my friends were not impressed.  I was embarrassed for suggesting the Bouchon Bistro to my friends. On an average evening, anyone with some culinary skill could cook better.  Very disappointed.
3	Coming in, I had such high hopes. I mean, a Thomas Keller restaurant!Made reservations for a Sat at 8:30pm, and it was busy but not packed. The Bouchon experience started off with warm pistachios and a DELICIOUS serving of their bread. O.M.G. the bread was perfectly crisp and flavorful. I knew great things were going to follow suit.For my starter, I ordered the pumpkin soup. It was ok. Could have used more flavor.My entree was one of the specials, pork belly. The pork belly had a nice salty flavor on top, but when I bit further in, the pork was actually kind of cold on the top layer and warm at the bottom layer (maybe warmed up by the vegetables). What the? I ate it anyway insisting to myself that maybe this was the way it was supposed to be served, but every bite was awkwardly cold. When the server finally came by when I was halfway through, I asked about the temperature, and he wasn't sure why it was cold...maybe it was from sitting out too long he said. That just showed poor preparation for this fine dining establishment if it were the case. Despite that temperature issue, the dish was good. The pork belly melted in my mouth.Another dish that someone got was the roast chicken that the server (and many other people in the restaurant raved about). When we finally tasted it, it was just ok. The skin was deliciously crispy, but the breast meat was quite dry. Not something you would expect for a $30 dish. I think the favorites at the table were the steak frites. One piece of seasoned steak with a huge mound of frites.Didn't try dessert so can't say much about that. The service was top notch though overall.
5	It was a wonderful treat to eat breakfast here. Everything we had was delicious, definitely would come back.
5	I went back this last weekend and shared the cinnamon apple oatmeal and corned beef hash. I'm not sure what they do to their oatmeal, but this was by far the best oatmeal I've ever had! Then the corned beef hash came out...what a dream. Not too greasy, the potatoes were crispy yum! I will definitely make a trip to the Beverly HIlls location for their brunch.
3	It was alright.  The pictures we saw on yelp inspired us to go.  The service and ambiance was great but the food was a tad bit underwhelming.  I would give it a second shot as there were other items that sounded good but as of now 3 stars from me. Liquor and wine list is very extensive which is a plus.
3	The bread, butter, and REAL jam (especially peach!) is really amazing. I could come in and happily have that as my meal.I really want to give the restaurant 4 stars, because everyone in our party of eight found her meal delicious. The chicken and waffles are something special because of the bacon bits in the waffles and the whipped butter (and syrup) that comes with it. Also, the chicken isn't fried chicken. However, service at the restaurant is Lord-help-them, S - L - O - O - O - W. Polite, but S - L - O - O - O - W. Helpful, but S - L - O - O - O - W. So S - L - O - O - O - W.
1	I cannot believe Thomas Keller has his name on this restaurant. I visited this restaurant with a co-worker on the evening of 1/10/14. I chose this place because it was a Thomas Keller restaurant and am a bit of a foodie. My co-worker agreed to go with me even though she is not a big foodie and would have been fine with us having dinner at our hotel. What a disappointment, I wish we would have stayed at our own hotel for dinner. First we were sat in the middle of 2 huge tables (one table was a large family of 12+ members and the other table was a group of 7 guys which I could touch them from my chair and hear their entire conversation). The waiter had to keep walking behind us to get to the table of 7 which was ridiculous! Our server was one of the food runners because we could never find our server to ask for bread, water or our check.I ordered a glass of chardonnay and it was disgusting. I cannot tell you anything about my wine because my waiter never told me the name, region or anything on my glass. This of course was brought by a runner. For an appetizer I order a beef carpaccio which was that nights special. BLAND. Of course the toasted baguette that accompanied this appetizer was good. The bread that brought to the table before our dinner arrived was delicious. Thank goodness this was good otherwise we probably would have left starving. The dinner specials were nothing fantastic so I ordered the chicken...my thought was this was supposed to reflect Thomas Keller's favorite dishes in France and when I think of France I think pastries, bread & chicken. Well I have made better chicken in my own kitchen than what I was served. Thomas Keller needs to go here and take the salt out of this kitchen because whoever is cooking there is using WAY TOO MUCH SALT! The chicken was atop some greens which you couldn't really taste because of the overwhelming amount of saltiness in the dish. Of course I would have loved to order dessert but was never even asked if we wanted any.... maybe they don't serve dessert. Who knows.....The manager (at least I think she was a manager) brought our check to me and I decided to share with her my experience in this "Michelin" starred restaurant. To say she was aloof would be an understatement. Maybe I am dense but to me a Michelin starred restaurant should be about the experience and you certainly should not have to ask for water or bread at one of these establishments. Of course the wonderful manager did comp our wine off our bill, but not a word about any of the other points I brought to her attention. I felt since we were only a table of 2 what I thought did not matter to her or obviously the waiter who spent his entire time at the large family table. Since returning to Texas after this short work trip to Las Vegas I have figured out two things have really bothered me about my experience. 1. I have contacted the Thomas Keller Restaurant Group requesting to speak to someone about my experience and as of today 1/23/14 nobody has bothered to contact me by phone or email.2. And I think this is the most disappointing.... one of my "Bucket List" items was for myself and my husband to visit "The French Laundry" and have the full experience of this culinary master's food. But now I wonder would I be as equally disappointed in that establishment too? If I know a dinner will be $1,000.00+ I expect the food to be impeccable, but if you are willing to tie your name to the restaurant I just spent $75.00+ for my single meal (not including my co-workers meal) and tried to share what a horrible experience I had and felt like that did not matter I think I will have to rethink where this bucket list dinner should be at.
5	By far the best costumer service I have ever received at a restaurant.  Our server was fantastic!First, they told us our wait would be 45 minutes, but it only ended up being 20.  As soon as we sat down, our server was at our table taking our drink orders.  She was extremely polite and made some excellent food recommendations.  After ordering, our food came out but they accidentally forgot my friend's chicken and waffle plate.  When they realized their error, our server apologized profusely.  Then,  the manager came over and did the same.  He even comped my friend's meal and asked us if we wanted to get our dishes remade (not even reheated!) so that we could all eat our fresh meals together.  We didn't ask them to do that because the lag time was probably only 5 minutes and we had already chowed down.The food was delicious and our meal ended with complimentary coffee to go.  We will definitely return!
4	We came here for breakfast during our trip.  The view was nice.  I had the Oeuf, which came with 2 brioche slices of bread, eggs any style, 2 potato croquettes, and a side of your meat choices (sausages or bacon), and I, of course, chose the bacon.  The brioche toasts were a little dry, the 2 potato croquettes were quite nice (dipped in ketchup), poached egg was fine, and the side of bacon was nice and crispy.  My friend had the Bouchon French Toast, and that tasted something in between a custardy bread budding mixed with flan flavorings.  I was pleasantly surprised with the miniature bottles of Tabasco sauce!
5	This place was amazing. Our waitress was great and on the ball. The bread they give you is amazing. We got the duck confit for an appetizer as well as a cheese plate. Both very good. My beet salad was fresh. My husband got the steak and fries and I had the lamb. I would come back here for sure!
4	Very good place. The Gnocchi a la Parisienne was a unexpected change; I am used to creamy, cheesy Italian Gnocchi, but this one was a drier, more olive oil oriented Gnocchi. It was very delicious, just something that threw me off. The location is a bit confusing especially if you are a first-time in the Venetian, but hey it is right next to the pool, so at least it has a great view, especially for dinner. Our waiter, though explained he lost his voice, was attentive and funny. The only small gripe is that the creme brulee was on the watery side, not as great as what I had at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris.
5	Ermagawd.If you love carbs, you need to come to here.I am not going to tell you anything that the hundreds of other reviews have not already stated.  Bottom line?  This place is GOOD!Celebrating the b/f's birthday weekend and having already eaten way too much, we walked from our staycation hotel to the Venetian early Sunday morning to beat the brunch rush.  Arriving at precisely 7:52am, there was no wait. We thought they opened at 8:00am, but they are actually open at 7:00am on Saturday and Sunday.  This was our first time here and we may not be coming back for a while since it's such an indulgence for us, so we decided to just go for it.  We began with the pastry basket, where you can order four different pastries.  We chose a croissant, pain au chocolat, raspberry beignets, and the lemon and currant scone.  BUT, before that, our fantastic waiter, Aaron, brought us some Epi bread and butter; let's get this carb party started!  There were crumbs all over the table, but there's no elegant way to eat flaky croissants, not to mention the other delightful pastries in the basket.For the main course, I had the Croque Madame, a dish I'd only read about and seen pictures of until this point.  It did not disappoint, with the ham, the cheese, and the egg. I even ate some of the frites, something I try to avoid in real life now. The b/f had the chicken and waffles and that was also so tasty, a wonderful combination of flavors with syrup.  The restaurant itself is decorated just like a French bistro that you could be in Paris, not Vegas.  The service was top-notch.  All I needed to make the experience complete was to hear "La Vie en Rose" playing on the music system.
2	Seriously seriously seriously not impressed. I went to the Bouchon in LA for dineLA and liked it better than this, despite being told numerous times that the Bouchon in Vegas was infinitely better. To preface my review - I went with a party of 11, for Brunch on a Sunday, so maybe brunch is just in general less impressive, or maybe a party of 11 is just too much to handle. I don't know.My friends waited about an hour to 1.5 hours for a table on Sunday (during a long weekend, so it may not speak for the normal Sunday wait), and we were finally seated around 1pm Friday. The restaurant was still fairly busy, and we were seated in a private dining room.First of all, the service was extremely slow. After our waters were brought, the waiter didn't come back for another 15-20 minutes to take our order. Most of the table ordered the famed Chicken and Waffles, while two people ordered trout (one without capers), and two ordered the omelet (one vegetarian with a side of fruit). I ordered foie gras, which they only had as a cold pate that day, along with my chicken and waffles.The bread that was brought was decent, but the jam is delicious! It was probably the highlight of my meal, actually, especially when it topped a butter-smothered slice of bread.When our orders FINALLY arrived, they had somehow confused where everyone was seated, so everyone had to pass their dish down to someone else. I'd accept this at an Olive Garden, but not at a restaurant as esteemed (and as expensive) as Bouchon. Then, they swapped the plates of the two people who had ordered the trout.  Finally, the omelets came... and the vegetarian got the side of fruit with the meat-filled omelet, while my bf got a side of sausages with the vegetarian omelet! Luckily the vegetarian wasn't one to go nuts if she accidentally ate meat, but had the mix-up been for something like a food allergy, it would have been disastrous. The pate I got was very disappointing. It was served in a glass jar with a side of crusty bread. When I say crusty, I mean really really, cut yourself biting into it type of crusty. My boyfriend actually sustained a cut from the bread. The pate itself was too salty, had a layer of something that resembled congealed fat over it, and was definitely not a consistent color. The chicken and waffles came with a boat of gravy, as well as one of maple syrup. The waffle was AMAZING - it's perfectly crisp and light and everything that a waffle should be. The chicken was decent, but the seasoning was unremarkable and thus nothing to write home about. I ate the chicken dipped in the gravy, which made it a bit more satiating to my taste buds.The waiter never came back to ask us how our food was :( Overall, I expected SO much more from Bouchon. I may be back to give dinner a shot, but I probably am never going to come to Bouchon for brunch again unless I'm dragged kicking and screaming by my friends.
3	Decent restaurant, nothing really special.I had the Steak Frites. The Steak was seasoned pretty well, and the butter on top really didn't add anything. The butter was seasoned by some dried basil, though the flavour didn't really contribute to the steak overallThe steak was oozing out juices, this meant the chefs didn't care enough to let the meat rest for 5 minutes, this left me pretty disappointed and it was very messy to eat because of it.I liked the frites texture, it was perfectly crisp on the outside an so fluffy on the inside, but the problem was it was WAYYYYYYYYYYY too salty. I had to drink a cup of water with every 1 fry I ate. Another problem was the crispy texture I really liked on the fries disappeared when steak juices oozed out and made all the fries soggyOverall pretty decent place, food was ok
5	I can not say enough or thank this establishment enough for making my 10yr anniversary with my husband spectacular! We had encountered a server who wasn't having a good night, needless to say I asked if we could please move to someone who could give us more attention. We were then greeted with two glasses of champaign, by the manager (Aaron) who sincerely apologized and our night was about to change. Without writing a novel, I highly recommend this place because they truly care about their guest, the food was spectacular and the chef puts his heart into every dish (u can taste it)! I'll attach our pics :-)
2	While the ambiance, service, and the meals of my friends were all impeccable/great, I do have to note that the   bouillabaisse was the most oversold and underrated meal I had for a very long time for a price that I am not going to mention.
5	While in Vegas last Sunday 10-2-2011 on conference my friend and I stumbled upon this jewel restaurant. We sat at the bar and were hosted by a very nice and extremely helpful young lady named " Sooner".Sooner made the experience extremely pleasant and worth the visit. Food and beverages were well coordinated. The experience and execution was excellent. This is why I love to go to Vegas.
5	If I asked my boyfriend before Bouchon, what his thoughts on French cuisine and French food was, he would have been indifferent or even negative towards it. I believe this experience changed his view on French food forever.We decided to go all out. It was my birthday dinner too, so the boyfriend really wanted to treat me out.Server was great. I loved that they came and explained all the different foods so thoroughly. It was an educating experience as well as a memorably delicious one as well.We started off with various items:- Bread: Of course, they have bread. I loved that it was in the shape of leaves.- Wine: We had the sauvignon blanc from Sancerre... not too sweet, not too dry. Paired well with the various food we ordered.- Salmon tartare served with these fluffy egg whites, shallots, chives, capers, and creme fraiche: It had so much flavor! It wasn't my favorite tartare, but it was definitely one of the best I've tried.- 6 oysters and 12 mussels: The oysters came from different regions and they had different flavors. Actually, you can see all of the seafood when you come into the restaurant. The mussels were steamed, then served cold. They were absolutely delicious! They served the seafood with lemons, horseradish, and cocktail sauce. Honestly, I don't think the mussels needed any of that.- Foie gras saute: It is a pan-seared Hudson Valley foie gras and that day it was served with an apple cider reduction sauce. This in itself is a reason why this Bouchon beats out the Bouchon in LA or Napa Valley. California sucks in the fact that foie gras is banned. But this foie gras saute MELTS in your mouth. The few minutes it takes to eat this up will be the best few minutes of your life. Its fatty consistency is like jello, but once it hits your lips, it just becomes pure joy. The apple cider reduction was sweet and filled with spiced flavors, and just went so well with the foie and the toast. I can eat this all day. Next time I want to try the Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard... Next time.Entrees:- Steak Bouchon: It's a 14 oz. New York strip, and it was grilled to a perfect medium rare. It was served with a bearnaise sauce. The sauce wasn't bad, but it wasn't necessary because the steak was aged so well and was flavorful by itself. And of course, it came withe frites. Anthony Bourdain claims that the Bouchon french fries are the best he's had in his life, including the ones served at his own restaurant. I see what he means. We upgraded to truffle fries and the frites themselves were so crispy and delicious. Somehow the entire fry itself seemed to be bursting with deliciousness. Absolute frites perfection.- Braised pork belly: It was served on top a red wine braised cabbage with vegetables and sweet potatoes. Honestly, I have had better pork belly and the sweetness of the sides were a bit much. I feel like it would have been perfect with a bit of brightness.We were so full after the meal we couldn't even eat a proper dessert. We were able, however, to get a few items from the Bouchon bakery to take home. We bought an assortment of muffins and cookies. I loved the banana nut muffin as well as the coffee cake. They were all so very delicious.Honestly I can't wait to come back here and feast on more delicious goodness again. Actually, now I'm dying to go to Thomas Keller's even-more-famous restaurant, The French Laundry, in Napa Valley!
5	This place has odd hours so it took a few tries to get to eat here. I had some fairly standard bistro fare which I'm likely to order anywhere. Bouchon makes the grade when compared to my favorites. I had oysters, a frisee salad with egg and a deviled egg on the side. Everything was excellent in French bistro style which makes me so happy inside. The bread and butter are worth gaining a pound for so don't resist. Wine selection was good. Chamapagne- maybe a bit overpriced but they know people in Vegas will be in the mood. Well played, Bouchon. Our servers were fantastic and full of good information, like how to get to the pool from their back door.
5	I finally got the chance to try out Bouchon and I was not disappointed at all.5 Stars for their service5 Stars for the food5 Stars for the ambianceAt Bouchon, you're definitely treated like a Duke or Duchess.  Your bread is kept full, your drinks kept filled, and your table kept clean.  I assume that they watch your table like a hawk or have special powers because whenever our waiter was needed, one was at our table without even having to wave one down.  Service is important to me and their timing with everything was impeccable.  Now for their food....The Pastry Basket: You get to select what 4 items you want in your pastry basket.  We chose their pain au chocolat (chocolate filled croissant), a plain croissant, raspberry beignets, and a scone.  Both croissants were flaky, tasty, and had a buttery taste to them.  I thought that the beignet was just okay and their scone was phenomenal.  I could eat 10 of these in one sitting.  Don't dare me, I will.  The scone just breaks and melts in your mouth.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=D6VMKEvKSRDmL3Yft3EoPQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)Chicken & Waffles: I just had to give their Chicken and Waffles a try since it was my first time here.  Fellow Yelp Bud, Rodney H, recommended this and I was hit with the some of the best chicken and waffles that I have ever had.  You can't go wrong with this order.  Usually the waffles is the highlight of a chicken/waffle dish.  Here at Bouchon, they didn't skimp on taste with their chicken, which made it tough for me to decide what was better, the chicken or the waffle.  The chicken was seasoned and prepared just right.  Combine the great tasting chicken with their waffles (crispy on the outside, moist on the inside) and you're left wanting seconds. Take my recommendations...get the Chicken & Waffles.  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wG5czHVCRBod8yOR25gCSQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)Ambiance:  We were lucky and caught Bouchon at a great time. The restaurant was empty and quiet for a Sunday morning.  Look around and Bouchon's French setting makes you forget you're even in the Venetian.  Price:The great service, food, and ambiance doesn't come with a Denny's or IHOP price tag.  The pastry basket, my chicken & waffles, and the gf's dish (Croque Madame) came to about $60 before the tip.  But in my opinion, this is not expensive at all because you get what you pay for.  Heck, it's a lot cheaper than flying out to Paris for this.  Overall, I had this place bookmarked for some time now. I wasn't disappointed and look forward to trying out their dinner menu. Bouchon, you're a hit and can't wait to come back. PS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=39qJzeV2PlNqbeERwVL8PA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQYELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (026/366)
4	French breakfast.  One of the best breakfasts you will eat.  However, you have to be Indiana Jones to find the place in the Venetian.  Seriously....you have to go up an elevator after walking down a long corridor.  Then you see some guy standing behind a podium dressed nicely and I believe his only job is to point to his right....because he knows everybody that comes down that elevator is looking for Bouchon.  Then you have to dodge a huge boulder and the natives attempting to blow dart you.But once you dust off the cob webs and make it through in one piece, you are in for a treat.  Actually you can get a basket of treats.  Seriously....they have a basket of danish (well I guess it isn't danish since it is a French restaurant), a basket of baked goods.  They are baked that day without a doubt because the freshness is there.  The type of confections that crumble when you touch them.  That is how you know you are about to eat something that is greater than anything else.  Now let's talk about the ambiance.  The restaurant looks like an upscale bistro.  It appears to be classier than another favorite French spot Mon Ami Gabi, and it seems it has a quieter feel as well.  Probably because half the patrons starved to death before making it to the restaurant.  However!  It is worth the sacrifice of life and limb.  The breakfast portions are huge.  The omelet is amazing.  The boudin sausage with eggs is an excellent choice.  The french toast is also a great choice as well.  You must realize that it is bread pudding style and not the type you may be accustomed to.  But that just means you need to try it more.  People need to experience different things in life.  People need to be challenged.Here is your challenge:Prepare for your trek to the restaurant by first visiting the man at the General Store (just like the game Oregon Trail).  Purchase some head of oxen, crates of food, and have a doctor in your party so nobody dies of drinking typhoid water while out on the trail.  Once you see the scarecrow attendant that points you to the right, give him a thumbs up and allow him to call his family.  I am certain they have not seen him in years.  Once you make it to the restaurant your next goal is to enjoy the food (which shouldn't be hard).  But how do you get home?
4	Yes I'm a FAN of this place....And I will definitely be back at least once a Year, since this is in LV and I live in LA.  The Environment was perfect, I felt like I was in a Cruise Ship or something like that...during a fancy dinner even though my friends and I had Brunch there.  The setup was Nautical like.. and the Service at the Bar where we sat, were great.  We got there maybe an hour before closing and they still attended to us like we had a few more hours.The food was Good and Tasty...  We had the Corn beef hash and Chicken/waffles.
3	Went to bouchon with a group for dinner. I guess I'm only giving it three stars because at that price point I would go elsewhere and because it didn't quite meet expectations which were admittedly high expectations.We started with some cocktails which were very well made, strong and with great flavor. They also served bread and some excellent spread - I believe it was a salmon spread which was absolutely superb. I would have bought multiple jars of it on the spot if I could. Honestly, for me, it was so good it may have just been the highlight of the meal.For an appetizer I got a squash soup which was quite tasty, but I've had better squash soups at Michael Mina, Circo, Mastros, etc. which are roughly the same price range. Again, it was good though, the flavor was there and the consistency was very good.My entree was the braised short rib. This was the other highlight of the meal. It was cooked to perfection - soft, tender, melt in your mouth good. And unlike many other nice places, they didn't skimp on the sauce they put around it which I was very pleased about. The rest of the plate left something to be desired though, it came with some greens and as I recall some mashed potatoes both of which were flavorless and seemed like total afterthoughts to the protein.Desserts were entirely forgettable. As is the case with so many nice places and group meals they don't actually ask or provide desserts, but instead leave a sampler tray of their desserts in miniaturized form. This is always so disappointing because if there's something good, there's so little of it. But to be honest, there wasn't much good, plenty of little treats loaded with heavy creams.For me, Bouchon is good, but I'd rather go to one of the Strip's many other top restaurants.
3	food was decent, at least what I got is good, steak and egg; but price is steep too.. $25 for small steak and 2 egg. Since its delicious I won't complain.. but wife got pork chop with egg, which it turn out to be just 3 slice of ham and 2 egg... that's $25 too.. that is not worth the money...We will return but will definitely stick to the popular dishes..
5	Bouchon is practically perfect in every way.It's a beautiful restaurant, with high ceilings, booths upholstered in blue velvet, and an impressive display of fresh shellfish on ice. The service is nearly impeccable.We went for brunch, which, I think, is my favorite meal at Bouchon. When you sit down, they bring a baguette that is just fantastic, with ramekins of butter and apricot preserves. Bread and butter is one of my favorite things to eat anyway, but when it's superlative bread and exceptional butter, it's one of the very best things.One of the specials was Country Hash (potatoes, Merguez sausage, red peppers, red pepper hollandaise), and it was savory and earthy and really, really good.The Croque Madame was fantastic as well--your traditional grilled ham and cheese sandwich, on buttery brioche, topped with a perfectly cooked egg, and sauce Mornay (a cheesy cream sauce). I've been saving the best for last--the Chicken & Waffles. I'm not sure that it's really chicken (if it is, it's a very petite chicken), but you're served a breast, thigh, and leg of perfectly roasted chicken. The skin is browned and crisp, and the meat is juicy and flavorful. The bacon and chive waffle is light and fluffly. They bring the condiments on a separate place--vanilla bean butter, sauce Chasseur (a gravy-ish brown sauce with mushrooms and shallots), and maple syrup. Heaven!
5	Location #3, literally on the strip.  Larger collection than the upstairs window near Buddy Vs and similar to that tucked behind the Venezia escalators, but with outdoor seating akin to Rockefeller Center.  Near Walgreen's.
5	One of the most amazing brunch meals I have experienced to date was enjoyed at Bouchon Bistro in Las Vegas. The Croque Madame leaves me without the proper words to describe how beyond perfect the sandwich is. The brioche bread grilled with exactly the right blend of butter and cheese, making it slightly crunchy and not too crisp. The ham and cheese are melted together impeccably. The sandwich is topped with a fried egg, which I requested over hard, and finally, the rich mornay sauce brings the dish together. One of the largest servings of French fries I have seen accompany the meal, crispy and flavorful.We visited Bouchon a few days prior and I enjoyed the Quiche Lorraine. This dish was also exquisite, beautifully creamy and rich. The side of bacon arrives in its own dish, and deservingly so, as it is a huge serving!Service at Bouchon is pleasant and attentive. The ambiance of the restaurant is comfortable, and not excessively casual. I enjoyed our visits to the restaurant and am happy we do not have one local, otherwise, I'd be in trouble!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! The service is untouchable, this is truly a dining experience. Whether you are dining here for brunch or dinner, Buchon will not disappoint. The GM Andy goes above and beyond to make you feel special every time you walk through the doors, champagne in hand until your table is ready, wine pairing recommendations, superb menu. Go there!
5	Had a very nice valentines day dinner here and we were asked if we wanted to sit inside or out on the patio  we chose the patio area it was an amazing view. I ordered  the Duck confit it was absolutely delicious!  Had a glass of moscato to accompanied my meal my date had the filet mignon. And the end we were given complementary chocolate covered strawberries very sweet! I do recommend to make a reservation this is a great place for a nice date or a get together with colleagues and friends.
5	Amazing place for brunch!I really could gush all day about how wonderful an experience it was to dine at Bouchon. Start to finish it was a flawless meal. From service to location to the meal itself, I couldn't have been more satisfied.To start, I must give a personal section of this review to our server Doug. Sir, you understand what people are looking for from waitstaff during their dining experience; calm, charming, attentive, and knowledgeable. All the right notes to leave a pair of ladies never feeling bothered or frustrated, and wishing they had more time to visit again. Next, location. Although I found Bouchon a bit difficult to find - had to ask for directions - I was very pleased with it's quiet location after arriving. Instead of being among the hussle and bussle of the rest of the The Venetian, Bouchon is tucked away from the traffic of The Grand Canal Shoppes and casino. The perfect location for my taste, especially if I'm visiting before my first cup of coffee. ;) Last, but far from least, the meal. Being that my mother and I visited during the brunch hours, we both partook in one of the hot beverages to start. I opted for my go-to latte, and my mother chose the hot chocolate. Both were perfectly heated and offered balanced chocolate to milk or espresso to milk ratios, in both our opinions. I definitely wouldn't mind starting more days with one of those lattes, for sure! For our entrees, my mother ordered the Belgian waffle and I ordered the special of rock shrimp hash. Sadly, she didn't give me one bite of waffle (so greedy!), but the hash was superb. The shrimp were sweet and abundant, the sauce was amazing sopped up with the toast points, and the potatoes were nicely crisped. Absolutely no complaints.I'm so glad I got to experience Bouchon on my most recent visit to LV. The hype is truly an accurate portrayal of this gem of a restaurant.
5	Hands down the best meal we've had in Vegas. I could write a novel on how delicious it was, but you really need to go taste for yourself. The bread, the wine, the meal, the dessert... just... yum. We went here for my husband's birthday, and I've been dying to go back ever since. I especially love that it's not on the casino floor, so you feel somewhat far from the maddening crowd. If you want to splurge on a meal in Vegas, splurge on this one!
4	After coming to Bouchon for our friend's birthday a month ago, my wife and I knew that when we came back for Valentines Day weekend, we would go back. Both occasions, we had brunch. Even though they don't take reservations for weekend brunch, the wait of approximately 30 minutes, didn't bother us at all when waiting in this gem, housed in the Venetian. Ordered the chicken and waffles on the waiters request, and it was absolutely delicious. Pair that with coffee and finishing the meals with the beignets have our day a perfect start. Service, quality and the feeling of not feeling like we are in Vegas, makes Bouchon a must visit every time we do visit Vegas.
4	absolutely everything that i put in my belly - from the bananas foster pancakes to the lobster and crab benedict to the raspberry danish was fantastic and fabulous.  a perfect way to start my vegas mini-vacation.
1	If you wish to be completely ignored, this is the place for you. Left due to complete lack of service while others that came in after were served. Checked Trip Advisor as well. The lack of service and dismissive staff are definitely a consistent issue here. Go anyplace other than this. Chef Keller I expected better than this. Perhaps Chef Colicchio can stop by and offer your staff some training. We experienced top notch service at Craftsteak.
1	Do you want to be treated like you are not worthy from rude, dismissive, staff. Then head straight to Bouchon because you will get your fill.  Not having made reservations, we understood the wait would be long. However, it took 10 minutes to be waited on to order coffee from the bar area. After 15 minutes we still did not receive a drip coffee. Others who came in after us received service. When my husband asked, the bartender was incredibly rude.  When we told the hostess, she looked at us like a deer caught in headlights. Obviously they have no customer service training.
5	Best breakfast in Las Vegas.  If kings eat breakfast, this is how they do it.   Perfect coffee.  Pastries beyond compare.  The homemade corned beef hash redefined the meal for me.   Looking forward to eating dinner there.
4	phenomenal European brunch.  fluffy omelets with fresh ingredients and sparkling wine drinks made for the morning (my French 75 was excellent).  The bread was fresh, the croissants light and fluffy, and the fruit was good.  I haven't had a brunch this good in years.
4	Food (we had dinner) was good but overpriced for the quality level, but that is to be somewhat expected on the Strip. If you're looking to dine here purely for the food, you can find better values elsewhere in Vegas. On the plus side, it's a nice space and it was fairly easy to get a reservation even during peak hours. Lastly, our server was really nice and packed us a bunch of extra rolls when we took home the leftovers, which was great for the next day.
2	I'd heard good things about this restaurant but it was really disappointing. The food was fine but it wasn't what it should be for the price. Soup and entrees were okay-- at these prices, they really should be more than okay.
3	it's definitely a good meal, but i didn't think it was a great meal. first, as for the service, the waiter brought the wrong entree to our table and was hesitant to take it back when we informed him. weird....anyway, i had the steak frites, which was good enough, but that's usually a safe choice wherever it's ordered.i'm not sure i *NEED* to return. i wouldn't mind going back, but i wouldn't miss it.
4	I really enjoyed the brunch I had at Bouchon when I went last year. I don't head out to Vegas often, but when I did go out there, I had heard that the Vegas restaurant was the best. So coming into the restaurant was quite nice in that it's located inside the Venetian hotel(of which on it's own is a nice hotel). The restaurant itself Is a nicely decorated and bright place allowing for lots of natural sunlight to enter through the large windows. I had the corned beef hash plate, and it was really really good! It's homemade and served with a fried egg on top, served in a personalized metal pan with a side of toast.  The waiter was professional and provided me individualized Tabasco containers for my party. I'd recommend Bouchon to anyone looking for a nice place to have brunch. Just be aware it's not a cheap brunch place but I'm sure you'll enjoy their foods that also include killer pastries.
5	My favorite spot on the strip. Escargo, steak frites, and lamb are all amazing options. Staff is very friendly and knowledgable. Would recommend making a reservation.
5	Oh my goodness! Eat here for every meal, I wish I had listened to that. I regret that I didn't get to go back for dinner, don't have regrets. I was sat at a cute table near the windows that overlooked the garden pool area. Opening the menu I was immediately whisked away to France. Ooh la la the choices ALL looked so tempting! Remembering it was breakfast I happily decided on a Latte and the Croque Monsieu with pommes frites. Wow. It was amazing. Everything was cooked & seasoned perfectly. I just couldn't stop eating the pommes frites. I even had the mornay sauce on the side to dip my frites in! (Thanks to my server for that gem of an idea) The portions were perfect. To travel I ordered the raspberry beignets - an extremely good idea!The service was top notch and I adored the french bistro decor so quaint and yet chic!
4	Service 8/10 Food 9/10Truffled Mac and cheese amazing!Foie was excellent'2 mains could have been better..short rib special and the rib eye
5	Must go if you are in Vegas, even if you are not staying at Venetian.The restaurant is a little hard to find. you have to go up to the 10th floor through the elevator bank as if you are heading to the hotel rooms. Both brunch and dinner are worth the trip. Each presents its own vibe and excellent selections on the menu. Brunch is certainly the way to go if you want to taste Thomas Keller's extraodinary work at an affordable price. Reservation is not available for brunch though. So the wait could be a little intimidating. If fat does not bother you, definitely order the foie gras, however it's seared, terrine, or in other special forms. Pastry baskets are awesome for sharing during brunch. Oh and my favorite chicken & waffle!
2	Dined at Bouchon for the first time, with high expectations. Unfortunately, Bouchon was a disappointment.We were seated within a couple of minutes of arriving, and were promptly offered water by our waiter. But oddly, he did not ask if we wanted any other beverages until 10 minutes later. Lost opportunity for alcohol sales.We started with onion soup, which didn't have much of an onion taste. Very strange. The soup came out promptly, but we waited for about 30 minutes for the mains. For entrees, we had steak frites and the roasted chicken. Both dishes were on the bland side. Had to request salt for the table.We skipped desserts. Probably would not return to Bouchon.
5	Incredible food, incredible service! The Pork Belly Rillette was to die for! Would go back in a heartbeat!
3	I've tried both brunch and dinner at Bouchon, and I'd rather go for Brunch; its better and less expensive. The brunch is nothing like Thomas Keller's Ad Hoc, but it's not horrible. I usually order the Croque Madame, and it is always really good. The bread is thick so it soaks up all the flavors of the meat, and the runny creamy yolk. Yum! I'm giving Bouchon 3 stars because dinner (been twice) is expensive ($75+) and all the dishes are simply forgettable. All I remember from dinner is the complimentary bread (which is always fresh and hot!) and the Terrine Foie Gras, which was decent. I recently ordered a pork dish, and it was not that great... Lacked flavor. And I was trying other friends dishes and I didn't find one I loved either! :(  I've decided that I would probably only come back here for Brunch...
1	Very disappointing ! I had a lot of expectation from this place , heard so much about the chef and basically it's really not that good Beside the food everything was ok so really the star is just for the food The fish dish was awful ! I even think it wasn't fresh because of the after taste Seriously the $1000 bill wasn't well spent
5	Ate here two days in a row. That means it was good. I enjoyed the oysters they have here. I'd recommend getting a dozen for yourself and then chasing it down with 3 or 4 bloody marys.
5	Had a business meeting at Bouchon.  Great service and excellent food. Would definitely come back for a nice meal with my wife.
2	Really slow service. Mediocre food that is pricey. Love the bakery, but the bistro is not worth the money.I had the Croque Monsieur and the omelette du jour. both were just okay.
3	Came here for brunch with a bunch of girls. The ambience was quaint and  a lot of open space! I had the special of the day which was an omelette with leeks. I was disappointed because the amount of veggies and leeks were very minimal. I could have made this omelette myself at home but had to pay $20 for it. Friends got the french toast (which is supposed to be their signature) wasn't that great. It looked like dessert!!!! It was super sweet and just doused in sugar that it was almost inedible. Why would you ruin french toast and construct it to be like a dessert cake? I got a side of bacon with my omelette which is the only good thing about the meal because they piled the bacon on. The side of toast was good too, very eggy in flavor. But I don't think I'll be back, it wasn't worth going to just to have mediocre brunch.
2	Wow, was I excited to have breakfast here! Unfortunately, we didn't have the greatest experience. I've heard so many good things about Bouchon and I expected this breakfast to blow my mind...but no.We took a couple of clients to Bouchon for a meeting and to be honest, the waiter was a bit snobby and uptight. He seemed annoyed by us. He was really short and quick with us and didn't seem warm and welcoming at all. I ordered the French Toast and I was hugely disappointed. It was just not delicious. I can't believe this, but it wasn't seasoned well. It didn't really taste sweet at all. It was just sort of a bland, mushy type of flavor. Also, my french toast tasted like it was pre-made and heated to order, rather than fresh. So sad! I had a side of sausage, which was okay. They tasted barely heated through as well. Not fresh. My colleagues ordered eggs, hash, etc. and none of them had anything great to say either. All in all a huge let down. I was expecting something reminiscent of the French Laundry, and I got something that didn't even really rival Denny's, sad to say.Now this might be harsh, maybe I caught a bad dish or a bad day. I'll probably go back, but this was sincerely the experience I had.
4	We got seated outside by the fountain. Excellent ambience.The steak was awesome!!! Oysters are wonderful too.
5	5 stars for one of my very rare celebrity spottings! We weren't sure what to expect during the very hidden trek to the restaurant, but were pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere, service, and food. Unfortunately, I can't remember what the actual item I ordered was, but it they had something that tasted like fried mashed potatoes and it was heavenly. The fiance got the french toast bread pudding. They do warn you that's it's very "decadent" and they're not lying. Good, I just want meat and potatoes for every meal though! I love the sunlight that peeks through the large windows. I know you're dying to know now who it was that we saw... okay, it was just Kelsey Grammar. My fiance said, "Look! It's Brendan Frasier." Too bad his real name isn't Frasier and the only reason I know his name is because of the Real Housewives. Lame.
2	Was so excited to go to Bouchon and was thoroughly disappointed. Mainly because of the service. Our appetizers came out quickly and we enjoyed those. It was over 40mins later that we received our salads and soups (and after asking about them twice) and when they came, they forgot one soup and mine was completely cold. It then took a really long time to get our entrees and that too after asking about it. Our waiter was non existent, the busboys doing most of the serving. When the entrees arrived mine was completely overdone and when i asked the manager if she thought so, her response was "I don't know, it's dark in here."They comped up the salads and have us dessert but we just wanted to leave at that point. I asked them to take off my meal which they did, though I could sense they were upset about it. Not as upsetting as getting your meal two hours after you sit down. Overall, not too pleased and my co workers who wanted to leave much earlier said they would never repeat.
4	After all the rave reviews I heard, I couldn't help but be a little disappointed.I had the foie gras and the truffle risotto. The foie gras was served on top of a some kind of fried potato disc and a fruity sauce (cranberry?). I thought that the potato disc didn't really add much to the dish in terms of flavor. It was a little crunchy, but seemed to be there mainly to absorb the sauce. The sauce did not go very well with the foie grad, as it was a tad too sweet and overwhelmed the taste of the foie gras. As for the truffle risotto, it was absolutely delicious, but very rich. The first half of the dish was great, but I'm glad I split it with my boyfriend. As for the service, the wait staff was patient and extremely attentive. I would give this 3.5 stars if I could, but don't believe that they deserve 3. My boyfriend has even here before, and admits that it wasn't as good as he remembers. It could be just an off day, but I was a bit disappointed with the food.
5	I frequent the Venetian and Palazzo as they are my go-to hotels whenever I am out in Vegas. I have always passed by this acclaimed restaurant and I finally decided to try it with my boyfriend. Everything we ordered was piquant and an absolute treat. The foie gras goes without saying. The restaurant itself is beautiful and creates a very romantic and intimate setting. I hope to dine here again!
5	This is one of my go-to places with my wife, mainly because she loves oysters and I would kill for their French onion soup. One of the best things about this place is that I could easily eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. For the price, it's pretty unbeatable with choices that aren't always found at all restaurants. Try the chicken and waffles for breakfast, get a tonic and gin (not gin and tonic), and the muscles with pomme frites for dinner. If you like French onion soup...... Oh baby!
5	Such a great breakfast!  we had perfect beef hash with eggs on top, poached to perfection.  Sourdough waffles were amazing, especially with the tahitian vanilla butter.  Service is on par with price.  Come here if you want to spend for breakfast, but you will not be disappointed.
5	Came here for a late lunch and had a croque madame with some bellinis. You really can't go wrong with anything at Bouchon. I've been to the location in Yountville many times, so it was nice to try a different location. Our server was so sweet and the food was very good. Can't wait to come back!
4	4.5 stars.  We had brunch there this morning. The (spicy) Bloody Mary was awesome. My friends ordered the pastry assortment and the pain du chocolate was fresh and delicious...much better than the one was had in a cafe in Paris (hotel) yesterday. My husband and I both had the Croque Madame and it was superb. We would definitely go back.
4	Recently came here for the first time for brunch on a Friday morning. Located in the Venetian Hotel & Casino, the actual restaurant is located on the 10th floor of the hotel so you will need to access this place by going on the guest elevator. Plenty of security at each entry to the elevator. Was afraid they were going to ask for room key which would be annoying but I guess during the afternoon it's ok.We thought there would be a long line but we were seated right away as there were plenty of seats available around 11am but the restaurant itself was also busy. You can choose to sit outside but we were conveniently seated near the doors to the outside so we still had a good view. We waited for about 10 mins or so because our waitress finally decided if we wanted anything to drink. Odd because when another group walked in and got seated, they were quickly approached by the same waitress right away asking if they wanted anything to drink. Not sure why we had to wait a while before we were approached by our waitress. Service by the waitress could've been better. The other waiters did much better servicing us as we were approached frequently for refills.I ordered their Croque Madame which is a grilled ham and cheese sandwich covered in sauce with a fried egg on top with plenty of fries on the side. We also ordered their Beignet to start off with and my wife ordered their clams with plenty of fries also. You will not need to order their Baguette since they start you off with a nice Baguette with choice of blackberry jam and butter. I recommend the Croque Madame. Great dish if you like grilled ham and cheese sandwich. Plenty of flavor and great with the fried egg on top. Plenty of fries too which makes it hard to stop snacking on. Beignet was delicious as it came with both Nutella and jam. You probably wouldn't need it since it's already covered nicely in caramel. Overall food was great here and I would definitely come back. Hopefully next time better service approaches us.
5	Came here for Sunday brunch and it was super good. The food tasted amazing and the service was great! My friend and I shared the granola with honey yogurt, croque madame, and waffles. I could eat their granola and honey yogurt every single day.I've tried the Bouchon in Beverly Hills and I do believe the one in Vegas is better. I definitely want to come back to try the rest of the menu.
4	The truffle mac & cheese was sooo... good. Upscale atmosphere and great service!
3	We came for breakfast, and it wasn't very impressive.  On the upside, the coffee was suberb.  My wife had corned beef hash, which was pretty much as expected.  The poached egg was perfect, there's no doubt about it.  I had the cinnamon oatmeal, which was second rate at best. Very soupy and with rolled oats, whereas I usually have the much superior steel cut oats at home.  They should hire me to make their oatmeal.  Also had the "tropical" fruit salad.  Please.  Mostly cantaloupe and honeydew (both unripe) mixed with a little bit of pineapple,  topped with some banana and sprinkled with a tiny bit of toasted coconut.  Seriously, don't put it on the menu unless you're going to do it properly.  Gordon Ramsay would fire half of the food prep staff on the spot.  Service was excellent,  though!
1	Relative to the reputation the food did not meet expectations.  Only thing I liked was the bread and French onion soup.  Otherwise the mussel was mediocre and over the top with shallots.  Lamb was undercooked and gammy.  The no chi was potato tots.  Will not come back.  I could not get into napa bouchon but this was a downer.  I love fleur de Lys.  But this is a dissapoinent
3	Full disclosure -- my comments are colored because of the thirty minute wait we had for a table that we had reserved six weeks earlier...and here, in customer-friendly Las Vegas, nobody at the restaurant offered to buy us a drink, an appetizer, a dessert...no action other than repeated (and snarky) apologies as though we should be privileged to wait for a table at their establishment.The menu is high end bistro and loos excellent.  Food was good but not outstanding; our party enjoyed their salads but my short ribs -- a special -- were overcooked.  Wine list was, predictably for a Vegas restaurant at this price point, very nice if marked up obscenely (but one knows what one is getting in to).All in, rate it "fine" with a black mark for the late table and the smugness of it...at this price point I'd have expected "excellent," and not just "fine."
5	Atmosphere here is terrific!! For a local its like a little get away from the norm. The food is delicious and the service is perfect!! Fresh baked pastries every morning. A must try!!
5	I love this place. I rave about it to my friends and really anyone who will listen. I don't normally order chicken and waffles, but my waitress recommended it, so I gave it a try. Amazing. So full of life and flavor. They brine it for 18 hours and roast it. It is served with a Chaucer sauce (correct spelling?) which to me is basically the most tasty gravy I have ever had. The waffle is a sourdough (though not overly so) waffle with bacon and chives in it served with vanilla butter. Very light and fluffy. I enjoyed it so much I came back the next morning to have it. I tried to order it a third morning, but it was Monday and alas they only serve this piece of perfection on the weekend. The coffee is also a standout here. My wife said the pastry she order was really good as well. The service was on point every visit and the decor was tastefully done without being overbearing. Another plus, they kept space between tables so as not to leave you feeling bunched in. Not the case at a few other restaurants we tried. I pay to eat cattle, not be treated like 'em.
4	On our last trip to Las Vegas, we decided to finally give this place a try. I had read and heard amazing things about Bouchon for brunch. Being a Sunday morning, I figure we would be waiting a good amount of time to be seated but the wait was bearable, only 10 minutes. This place is pretty big and has plenty of wonderful lighting coming from outside with some windows having the view of the Venetian gardens. During our wait we decided to go roam around and check out the beautiful pool and hot tubs in this area.FOOD:*French toast $12- I love that this french toast wasn't like your typical french toast slices. This stack is bread pudding style with some sweet apples layered in it along with some custard. The french toast was soft with just the right amount of sweetness.*Pastry Basket $13- Beignet, apple crisp, almond and chocolate and muffin. The beignet was alright (I've had better.. ahem disneyland ahem). It was a little on the tougher side rather than being soft and fluffy. The apple crisp was good but it didn't blow me a way. I wish it was a bit sweeter. The muffin was probably one of the bestest muffins I've ever had haha. The almond and chocolate pastry though, amazing!! Totally loved it. The roasted almonds, just enough chocolate hints in the delicious pastry to make me swoon. *Coffee: not as bold as I would like it but it was refilled a good amount of times by our server. Would love to go back and try out their omelette or maybe even their croque madame which is a grilled ham, egg and cheese sandwich. The reason why I deducted a star was the service. Although our server was on top of our order, I felt like they were a bit distant and not as friendly as I would think they should be during our brunch, she was extra nice to the table next to us though which made me feel like she didn't value us as much. Would this hold me back from coming here again? No. I would totally love to come back and get some more bread love in me.
5	Ridiculously good. Had the pate, lamb, escargot, pork belly (to share of course--I don't have THAT big an appetite.). The lamb was tender and mildly flavored. The pate was amazingly creamy and perfect spread on their fresh bread. I would have preferred the pork belly skin to be a little crispier, but the meat itself was flavorful and melt in your mouth tender with just enough fat to get that fantastically porky mouthfeel. Oh and the escargot... I had dreams about that escargot... Each escargot came to the table swimming in its private garlic butter jacuzzi, and was topped off with a crisp phyllo wafer that was perfect for dunking into that garlicky butter ambrosia.  (Sigh.... Scuse me while I wipe the drool off my phone) Pricey but worth it.  I'll definitely try the other menu options when I go back.
4	Went in for brunch. Delicious food. We ordered the raspberry and standard beignets. A must order! Main courses included the chicken and waffles and the steak frites. The chicken was moist and came with a well seasoned gravy. The waffles were a delicious blend of sweet and savory. The steak was perfectly cooked and the frites were great! Service left a bit to be desired, but the food was excellent! Great brunch place on the Strip.
5	A few friends and I recently took a trip to Vegas. The only place my boyfriend NEEDED to go to was Bouchon, as he is obsessed with Thomas Keller. Someday we are going to make a trip to California specifically for French Laundry... But anyway! We had brunch here and it was beyond phenomenal. We started off with the mussels and words cannot describe them. We thought we ordered the dozen but instead we were brought the larger portion and it's a good thing they did because we sucked them down. All together we ordered the steak frites, chicken and waffles, croque madame, and gravlax. I don't like salmon at all and I LOVED the gravlax. The croque madam was ok hot but got sort of unbearable when it cooled. I wish I would have got something else bit oh well. Other than that everything was great! It was one of my friend's birthday so at the end if the meal they brought her a complimentary Lemon tart of some kind. WOW!!!  The service was amazing as well. We never went without water or drinks, and they were so stealthy. To this day my friends and I reminisce about how much food we got and how good it was.
4	We visited here on April 17, 2014 again. Overall, a very good experience once more, except that the hostess at the entrance is not qualified to greet and seat the guests. When we arrived, having a reservation, she told us to wait. Then came several other guests and she engaged them in conversation and asked whether they wanted indoor or outdoor seating, totally ignoring us as other guests arrived. I then took exception to this and was finally escorted to a table but certainly not graciously. Our waiter came and started to apologize for the "misunderstanding" as he put it. Otherwise, the service was outstanding, as was the food. A highly recommended restaurant, which needs a new hostess.
4	Wow......Hands down the best Foie Gras i've ever tasted!!My duck dish was soso..too salty and the scallop was perfectly cooked..Great selection of french wine to choose from... great atmosphere.
5	Bouchon, a Thomas Keller restaurant, was central to our getaway weekend plan in Las Vegas. We made reservations several days before our trip and when we arrived we were lucky to snag a table on the patio near the fountain and nestled between the towering hotel wings.We ordered a cheese plate to start along with a couple of glasses of wine. It was one of those unplanned stirring moments. The nice weather, stars, lighted fountain coupled with great wine, great cheese and great company is a sweet moment in life. We took our time and enjoyed the evening.Next course was the special. I had the slow braised lamb shank. It may have been the best piece of meat that I have ever had. The sauce was nothing short of incredible and the lamb easily pulled off the bone with a fork. Have I already said incredible? well... it was.If that wasn't enough, we ordered a special dessert that was a fresh berry cobbler. Again, it was over the top and like everything else that evening, it gave you that feeling that you were getting a real treat made from the best ingredients prepared by high caliber chefs.This is the sort of place that excels in every category. Atmosphere, Service, Wine and most importantly the meal.It was a soft and slow evening that I won't soon forget.I can't wait to return.
5	I was so impressed with this "stellar Kellar" joint that I have dreams about it! I dined alone while my friends went to the shows. Just the mere mention of "boudon noir" sent the staff to find an accommodation for my request from the next weeks special directly to my table! Never have I felt so close to Paris without actually being there. Thank you, Bouchon, for taking dining to the place I feared we had lost.
4	You cannot beat the out of this world bread and warm pistachios served right off.  And the french onion soup is dynamite.  Couldn't eat there without trying the Croque Madame which was fantastic and a steak frites, also delicious.  If you a french fry fan, then you'll love it!  I've never seen so many fries piled so high on a plate.  We were celebrating two birthdays and the lemon tart and creme brulee they served were stellar.  Great dinner!
4	I have been wanting to dine at Bouchon forever and a day. Didn't get reservations at the Yountville location when we visited Napa Valley a couple of years ago. I guess with the availability of ample restaurant options in Las Vegas, it is easier to find a reservation at the Las Vegas location.We stayed at the Venetian during our visit to Las Vegas and while strolling by, ran into Bouchon. I didn't even know there was Bouchon at Las Vegas until that time. With no second thought, I immediately went inside and made a reservation for dinner on the very same day.There is both indoor and outdoor seating area; each is beautiful in its own way. The indoor seating area has dim lights and very subtle and classy decor. The outdoor seating area is next to the pool.We were served complimentary bread and butter. So delish. We skipped the appetizers and went straight to the main course.- Steak Frites (It comes with fries by default; since I usually like mashed potatoes with steak, I asked them to substitute my fries with mashed potatoes- Gigot d'AgneauBoth the dishes were delicious. Especially, the sauce that came with the lamb dish, ahhhh! Mouth watering. Al though we wanted to wind up the meal with a dessert, there was no room in our stomachs.A classy dining at Bouchon. Loved it!
5	Seth was my server he was the absolute best! Extremely attentive and super friendly, he made my first experience dining here excellent! I had the crab cake Benedict off the brunch menu it was SO delicious I definitely recommend getting. I can't wait to come back!
5	Our second Thomas Keller experience. Absolutely lovely and delicious. The food and presentation was perfection. I had the crab cake benedict, my husband had the baked chicken and waffle.  The service was great, we had a table of 9. Everyone was delighted.
5	I have stayed at the venetian several times and have never passed by when this place was open, but today it was and we had breakfast there and I am so glad it was open. The restaurant is beautiful it's nice and open, the service is great and the food is the best. My husband had the omelette of the day which had a nice spicy bacon in it. I ordered the quiche du jour which was just spinach but this was the absolute best quiche I have ever had. And it came with some nice greens on the side. I also had a Bellini which was good and we grabbed some macarons after which are huge and a good solid macaron, the caramel and coffee are my favorites, after eating them I immediately found myself googling how close the bouchon is in Beverly Hills so I can send my husband to get me more of those two on his way home from work one day.  The best part is the prices are not completely outrageous, so if you're looking for a great breakfast experience, this is the place.
1	Really bad food. We ordered their "special"  of the day which was the lobster hash and a quiche. The lobster really chewy and smelled really fishy. They wouldn't accommodate a fried egg on top of the hash instead of scrambled either. The quiche was cold in the center and seemed like it was reheated in the microwave. We asked to get something different instead and ordered a cobb salad and blueberry muffin which we hoped would be safer choices, but alas, they were not. The salad was really small for a $17 dollar salad and really gross chunks of bacon fat in it. The blueberry muffin appeared as if it had been microwaved as well and was dried out. Lunch was practically inedible and with all of our complaints a manager never so much as looked out way. We were extremely dissapointed!Oh also water is $7 and they won't tell you there is a charge until you get the bill!
4	The madam croquet was absolutely delicious. You absolutely must try it, brunch or dinner!! Our waiter, Jeremy I believe, was wonderful. He was attentive, helpful and went out of his way to help us. I wish more servers were as good as him.
3	I just realized I had not reviewed this place, our visit was from 2010 for dinner and 2013 for breakfast. Breakfast was blah...my toast was burnt to crisp and when they burn brioche it is like eating dust! My son in law had croque Monsieur and liked his but my daughter did not like the hash at all. Dinner was too long ago to remember specifics but one funny thing happened on the way there. We always dress nice for dinner and we were coming down in the elevator of the Paris hotel and there was a guy in there dressed casually in jeans and button down shirt. He commented on how nice we all looked and when we said we were going to dinner he said oh must be some fancy place. We just smiled. Well a little while later when we arrive at Bouchon who should be in the line in front of us but the same guy from elevator dressed in jeans ready to eat!!  So don't bother dressing up for this place! Service was excellent both times we were there.
4	Love the tuna melt with apple bits in it. My go to breakfast place in SF!
5	So delicious!The wait staff there is very knowledgeable about the food and the cooking process and you get five star service.  This place is a dream for foodies.  Seriously, if you are a foodie and you don't go here while in Vegas you are missing out.Its fairly expensive but definitely worth the experience.  The food is really a work of art and so delicious.
1	I am really disappointed in you Buchon! I've dined here many times (at least 6+) while staying at the Venetian and the Palazzo, never a problem. During my trip to Vegas in March I was excited to go back to Buchon, and to bring friends who had never been before. After hearing me rav about the great food and service, the bar had been set. We had an 7:30pm reservation on a Wednesday night, showed up right on time, and it was packed, not to mention LOUD! I honestly do not remember it ever being so loud here before, we could barely hear the hostess when we were talking to her. Our table wasn't ready, and we asked for as quiet of a table as possible, given the noise level. We had to wait about 10 minutes and when we were finally sat down, we had to have been placed at the loudest table in the restaurant- we were a table of 2 in the middle of 3 tables of 6 each. Needless to say, we were not happy, but we were hungry, so we stayed. Our waiter was much more interested in the larger groups around us, than in paying any attention to us, so because of that we had no less than 4 different waiters through out the night, one of whom I think was actually a manager. We were served water and bread/nuts right away, but waited about 25mins for a server (not the one that introduced himself to us) to finally took our drink order. Since we were afraid this new server might not come back, we ordered our drinks, apps, and entrees all at the same time- also worth mentioning, after a long day of flying, we were famished and told the waiter we would like to eat as quickly as possible! I ordered an Absinthe (my go to pre-dinner drink any time I'm at a decidedly French establishment). I should've changed my order to wine when the server (now possibly the manager??) asked me to repeat my order ("Absinthe please. ABSINTHE! A_B_S_I_N_T_H_E!!") 3 times, including spelling it once, and she still looked REALLY confused. It took 30 minutes for our apps to arrive, and they still arrived prior to our drinks, which is a big service flaw for me- drinks ALWAYS first, not to mention the crazy wait times. Terrible. The apps were terrible escargot with puffed pastry that was super dry, oily, and flavorless followed by flavorless onion soup. It literally tasted like warm, oily water and the cheese was rubbery.The drinks finally came (my friend had a glass of Merlot, and then of course my "Absinthe"), and the Manager lady prepared my drink for me- water, sugar, absinthe- you know the routine. Well, apparently she didn't, because her ratio was way off, and when I told her to stop adding water, she admitted that this was her first time serving/mixing absinthe. And it showed. It was by far the worst drink of my trip, and hands down worst absinthe I've had anywhere in the world. Just nasty. I took two sips and didn't bother to finish it. Had we had a good waiter, or ANY waiter, they would've surely noticed, and asked if there was a problem. We finally got our entrees about 1.5hrs after we sat down (An hour after our apps were cleared- no servers checked in with us at all during that time). We were so hungry at this point, that we literally lost our desire to eat. It was just a running joke- you ask for a quiet table, you get the loudest one there. You ask for quick service, you get the worst service ever. Then we looked down and realized we never got replacement silverware after our appetizers, so we couldn't eat our $50 entrees even if we had wanted to. Since we had no waiter to check on us, it took another 10 minutes to flag down the water guy to bring us silverware. Such a debacle. So by this time our entrees were luke warm at best, and we forced them down. We had such a sour taste after the terrible service all night, we literally just wanted to get out of the restaurant as quickly as possible. It took another 35mins once we were done eating to flag someone down to bring us a check, at which point we were so frustrated we couldn't help but start laughing. Luckily we had cash, because we were afraid paying by credit card would take another hour of our night. We paid and ran out of there, totally disappointed by what used to be a GREAT restaurant. I was totally embarrassed as I was the one that suggested Bouchon, and I can guarantee you I will never be back, nor will I ever recommend this place again. Terrible evening, and a waste of WAY too many hours.
2	A few years ago when I ate here I would have given 5 stars but tonight the place was just OK. The service was so off that our cocktails came after our salad and the wine didn't arrive until my husband had finished his meal. Add to that - my salmon was overcooked and the leeks were raw. Thomas  Keller should be ashamed to have his name on this. I know I would be.
4	This is one of those places that it really pays to ask the waiter for suggestions rather than agonizing and sort of guessing at what's best.   Weekday seating is fairly easy to get a table without much fuss.  You absolutely need to make a reservation on the weekends, or you will likely wait an hour or longer.The highlight's here are definitely the pastries and the corned beef hash, which is fantastic.  The pastry basket is very reasonably priced for a set of four nice pastries, and they let you choose. ASK THE WAITER, they know which are the freshest/best and will make some nice suggestions, even if you decide there are a couple you don't want to miss.  The specials and some of the other items are hit or miss.  Recently, they had a lobster hash which I found to be a little underwhelming with the scrambled egg, I think it might have actually been better as a cheaper crab hash, to be honest.   A few of the other items (I've eaten here 4 times):Quiche:  This is a rotating flavor of the day/week.  I'm always in a group of 3-4 and we split one of these,  twice it was Florentine which was underwhelming and fairly boring, tbh. Bourbon French Toast: Just think bread pudding, not french toast, because that is what this is.  This was solidly good but not spectacular.Corned Beef Hash:  Order this.  It's awesome.Pork Loin:  Another highlight, I know you're going to read this and think "ham and eggs" basically, but the smokiness of the loin was fantastic with the eggs, and you probably haven't had a piece like this.Mussels:  Really good thing to split if you have a group.  Pastries: They usually have a special pastry or two (apple danish last time I was there), the plain croissant is better than the chocolate croissant, but really you can't go wrong in general with what you order here.
2	I was really not impressed when I ate here.  The restaurant is set up really cute, with the raw bar on display.  I thought the food was going to be good, but I was really pretty disappointed.I got the steak frites cooked medium rare.  The steak wasn't particularly well cooked, didn't have much flavor, and my biggest gripe about it was that it didn't have any sort of sear on the outside of the steak, it was just kind of mushy all around.  It's really pretty expensive which makes sense considering it's in a nice hotel in vegas, but the food was just not good.I would definitely not come again, and I expected much more from a Thomas Keller restaurant.
3	Food was 3.5 stars. For the price I would expect far better quality and larger quantities. I ordered the leg of lamb and it came out as three small 1/4 inch thick slices of lamb, probably 5 oz total. I asked the server if that was the leg of lamb since I would expect an actual leg, and she said yes, would I like anything else. Not impressed for $35, although it tasted good. Service was 2 stars. They were too busy to really serve our table. We had a fairly large group as there were 10 of us, but we did make reservations so they obviously knew. Servers were flustered and several times said, yes they would be right there and they wouldn't come back since they either forgot or we're too busy. Starters came out at different times, took forever to take our order, didn't get entrees for two hours after we sat down. People kept saying, where the heck is our food???  Overall I give Bouchon a 2.5+ so a 3 on yelp. Food tasted good but nothing else was up to par.
4	Great food and especially great service! We had the brunch special, lobster benedict, great but a bit too spicy for my taste. Also their cocktails are great but on the small side. Eat on their terrasse if you can!
4	Food was delicious, best meal we had in Vegas - fantastic bread, salads, and steak frites! Great atmosphere, private setting away from casino. Would have given it five stars were it not for the service - our waitress was so constantly pushing us to add pricy additions to our meal. When you're already spending $70 a head, you want someone professional, not someone trying to squeeze more dollars out of your wallet. Overall, though, highly recommended dinner spot
2	I am the biggest fan of Bouchon Bakery. Their food is high-quality, unique, and very decadent. However, when dining at the Bouchon Restaurant at Venetian, I was disappointed in my meal and will not be returning.The staff was nice, as expected at a higher-end brunch spot. However, the food is incredibly sub-par. My party ordered: -Cobb Salad: completely ordinary; the chicken was fairly dry, the dressing was very standard, as if out of a bottle; the avocado was extremely limited, and the portion was quite far from generous (even for a higher-end restaurant)-Mixed Greens Salad: once again ordinary-Fruit Salad: fresh fruit, can't go wrong!Unfortunately, the food did not spark my interest at all. And despite the polite staff, their menu was below expectations.
4	I had a craving for French cuisine while in Vegas and Bouchon did not disappoint. I was excited to see that the Croque Madame was available on the dinner menu, since I had seen the pictures on Yelp and had hoped to try it. The Madame was delicious!Among the other dishes we ordered, the salmon appetizer stood out. The service was very prompt. We never had to ask for more bread to go with the salmon spread, it just continued to arrive. While I felt the wine list was a bit small, I was happy with the Chardonnay that we ordered. It was rich, buttery and paired well with the dishes we ordered. I would definitely return and recommend Bouchon to others.
4	There's no shortage of pricey, delicious restaurants by big name chefs in the Vegas.  So what makes Bouchon so special?  Your partners in dining are there on purpose.  It's not right off the strip like many of its restaurant peers.  At those places, you could be dining near people who are a fan of the food, people who just happen to walk by or people carrying an oh-so-classy yard glass.  Not Bouchon.  You have to work to get to Bouchon.  It's deep in the Venetian.  But it's worth every wrong turn you might make on your way there.If it's not horribly muggy, sit outside by the garden pool.  The ambiance is a 10.Also.  The service?  The best I've ever had.  In the history of ever.And do yourself a favor and don't bother getting the pommes frites sans truffles.  Upgrade and you won't be disappointed.
5	Holy camoly.I booked a large business dinner here (7 people).  I figured it would be pretty good but kinda touristy and celebrity cheffy.Day.Um.Dayum.I guess Keller is the greatest chef in the Western Hemisphere for a reason.This place is blow your doors off, make you weepy, please don't make me leave amazeballs.My dinner crew included 4 spaniards and a Frenchman.  Which are the two countries that are most proud of their own food and look down on American food.  All of them said it was one of the best meals they ever had.Seafood. Charcuterie.  Pigs ears (yes, DO IT, THEY ARENT WHAT YOU IMAGINE).  Steak frites.  Roast chicken.Absolutely killer.  Do this.
2	I was in the Venetian for business and decided to try Bouchon for lunch.   Maybe my expectations were too high but it if I had to describe it in one word it would be "disappointing".  My server Douglass was great.  Long time Las Vegan and fun and prompt.  I rarely send back food but the escargo was so bad I did it.  Bad escargot in a french place is a sin.I might give it another try but with so many other places to try n Vegas, it's unlikely to make the top of my list.
1	This was an awful experience. I have been in the service industry for 8 years. The service was terrible (the kind where you want to order 3 drinks at once because you see your server so infrequently), the food was not good. We were there with 7 other people and not one of us had an enjoyable item from the menu. Glad I was there with great people because there were NO other positive things I could add.
4	Really great for brunch! I enjoyed the starter with self made strawberry starter which just tasted like my Mom would make it. :)The Omlette was good but not outstanding. I really loved the Passionfruit Sorbet though.
1	Not sure what was worse, the service or the food. I should have paid more attention to the 'bad' reviews before making a reservation here, because many of them rang true for our dinner as well. As another reviewer accurately stated, Mr. Keller should be embarrassed to have his name on this place. We had the gran plateau, escargot, charcuterie plate, sea bass, mussels, and gnocchi. NOTHING deserved more than 2 stars.There wasn't one person at our table of 8 that enjoyed our dinner. Gnocchi was just flat out terrible. Should have ordered 3 drinks to start with because we didn't see our server for at least two 30 minute stretches.If I could rate the service less than a 1 star I would. 2 hour dinners are fine if you are being waited on, but the person who we were unfortunate enough to have never even checked to see how our food was! She also proceeded to 'tell' me when I would be 'allowed' to order a drink - when it was convenient for her - what a joke. I was a server for 8 years, and appreciate when restaurants are busy - but there were empty tables everywhere. No excuses here.Bottom line... Think twice before wasting your money, but even more so - your time - at this restaurant.
5	Awesome vibe. We hit Bouchon for brunch and their menu was fantastic and there was literally something for everyone. The place was crowded for a Sunday morning, but even with the amount of people, I still felt like we had room. It is spacious and overlooking a beautiful outdoor patio area. We sat inside because it was mega hot out, but everyone outside seemed just as satisfied!The service was great. Our waitress accommodated every request. Even though they were out of their blackberry jam, she brought us every other jam they had available! The presentation of the food and quality is definitely something to brag about. It may just be my new favorite brunch spot!I honestly cannot think of anything bad! Even getting to the restaurant from valet was convienent.
5	Amazing place.  We sat out on the terrace which was perfect.  Their froie gras is to die for.  I ordered the sea bass which did not disappoint.
5	Foie gras is a must have. It's so good and so legal. Beef tartar came in a relatively big portion of an appetizer that the amount of raw meet could be shared by 3 people without jeopardizing anybody's health. Service wasn't bad but wasn't quite welcoming.
5	My boyfriend and I stop in about once a month. We always sit at the bar and Mark helps us. He is such a gem and we always have a great time and an amazing meal!! This is definitely our go-to spot!
3	I'm pretty much a regular at Bouchon in Beverly Hills.  The Bouchon in Beverly Hills is 5 star because:  Their cocktails are off the charts, service is awesome (they are always nice to me) and the classic items on their menu are consistently amazing.On Wednesday I opt for their location in The Venetian Hotel. Quickly realize the menu is the same and I feel at home.  Start my meal with a corpse reviver which is their best cocktail in Beverly Hills.  Immediately realize I am not in LA as the drink here is sloppy and not the same.  Details are not worth getting into.  Had a second drink and it is obvious this location does not get cocktails.The escargots in puff pastry appetizer is precise to Beverly Hills.  It is incredible and worth the $17 (every penny).  The mussels were the problem.  In Beverly Hills the broth is incredible and rivals the best bistro style mussels in this town.  In Las Vegas the mussels are not the same.  The sauce is too thick, too salty and needs more wine.   It is not the same fabulous dish I crave in Beverly Hills.Service at this location needs some work.  Service in Beverly Hills is amazing.  While in Las Vegas it is fair.Will I eat here again?  No.  I will eat in the French Laundry and other Bouchon locations.  But I won't go through this again.  No excuse for Bouchon to go downhill just because they are in Las Vegas.
5	The service at this restaurant is impeccable. From our wonderful server Julie ( asked to be seated in her area, she's very knowledgeable of the menu and the food preparation) to even the guy that brings the amazing bread! We had an amazing time, amazing food and drinks! We had the fried pig ears and the salmon rillettes as starters and I finished with the truffle pasta and the berry pavlova for dessert. A must, if you are a jack Daniels whiskey drinker, is to try the very unique bottle of the JD Sinatra edition whiskey, pricey at $40 a drink but insanely good!!
2	The food isn't "bad" but it doesn't justify the prices they charge for it. Quality is typical of a mid range bistro and prices are like somewhere much fancier. We had a croque Madame which was dry and bland, a desert that was dry and bland, and a lamb thing that was "kind of okay" but more what you'd expect for half the price.
4	Great decor and experience at the bouchon each time I've been here .... Great for brunch which is why most people go here but also great for dinner Croque madame is amazing for brunch For dinner.... - sea bass was good except the sauce was slight on the salter side -the chicken was super tender and the sauce complimented well-the lamb was pretty good and amazing ! Texture was just perfect -foie Gras in a jar was good it was tasty and paired well with the slight salt .... but I actually really liked it with jam it off setted some of the saltinessAwesome service !Aaron Pana manager and our server Danny surprised our bride to be with a a box of macaroons .... she really wanted them so the manager walked over to the bakery and got some macaroons it was amazing with our coffee
3	Excellent cocktails, good food, so-so service.  Closes pretty early.
5	This is by far my husband and my favorite restaurant on the strip and in Vegas in general since we moved here back in September. We have only been there for breakfast but it is amazing every single time so we can't help but find ourselves going back. Everything that you are served is fantastic which I find is rare when it comes to restaurants. From the bread and homemade jam to start your meal to the fresh squeezed juices and homemade pastries to the sourdough french toast or fresh omelets - we never go home hungry or unhappy. Whenever we have visitors in town we are sure to take them to Bouchon for breakfast.
1	I've been to Bouchon in Napa several times, and that place is outstanding. I'm a big fan of Thomas Keller, but I think he needs to make a visit to make some quality control here. The mussels had about a pound of saffron in the juice. I had my sister taste them and she couldn't believe how weird they tasted. The $20 cobb salad tasted ok but was very small. We ordered a $20 grilled tuna sandwich of the day, which was a tuna salad sandwich with cheap chunk light tuna and cheap olives thrown on top. The tomato soup was bland and tasted like it was from a can. The fries were great though. At $75 for a light lunch for two, we felt ripped off, and we were. Really disappointed, but it's yet another example of what happens when the chef/creator isn't there for quality control.
1	I would highly recommend NOT visiting this restaurant. Our sea food appetizer was not fresh, our drinks were not refilled and we waited 3 hours to receive our entrees which were heavily salted. Bad service and bad food.
5	Excellent brunch a la francaise! We had fresh delicious oysters & clams! My Croque Madame was fantastic with enough fries ( true pomme frites!) to share. We also enjoyed a fabulous salad with goat cheese. Ambience perfection. Waiter excellent. We left with a baguette under our arm!!
5	Came for brunch and so glad I did! FOOD:Fresh Orange Juice (5 stars): Definitely fresh. They have good oranges (= haha. Mocha Coffee (4 stars): I'm not a big coffee fan so I just tried this, but it was good. Croque Madame (4 stars): This probably would have been 5 stars if my yolk was really runny. It was cooked too long so the bottom of the yolk was done and not much yolk oozed out when popper )= I was so hungry so I just started digging in anyway. Still a great sandwich! The sauce, egg, bread, cheese, ham, everything is perfect together. Got it with french fries which were nice and crispy! I'll have to come back to get this and specify a runny egg.French Toast (5 stars): SO GOOD! It's like a bread pudding french toast, not too sweet, just right. The apple and cinnamon go with it so well and it comes with a couple pieces of bananas to balance the sweetness. ATMOSPHERE (5 stars)Sit on the patio if you have a chance, it's small but makes the experience so much better. We got to sit right next to the fountain outside. They have umbrellas up so you don't need to worry about getting too hot.SERVICE (5 starts)Our waiter was...well, a little socially awkward at times, haha, but the service was still good. Waters were always filled and he kept checking on us. Only thing is I forgot to ask for bread, which I thought would just come out anyway. All the reviews rave about it so I probably missed out =/
5	This place was awesome! We came here first thing right when we got I to vegas for some breakfast. The service was amazing our waiter was so nice and was very knowledgable about the menu and everything that went into the dishes being prepared. Our friend who had just graduated cooking school had mentioned so and our waiter hooked it up and got him a meet and greet with the chef and kitchen walk through. The food was amazing, homemade, and so fresh. The hospitality was incredible most impressive place in vegas.
5	My husband and I have been here several times. It's a Saturday morning brunch must when we hit Vegas. We have only really a a problem with service once, which was a few times ago. The waitress was short and snappy with my mother-in-law and myself. She wouldn't let us be when we were getting our payment ready to take care of the check.That's the only bad, ever.Now for the good! Every other time we have ever come, the service is phenomenal all across the board! You are greeted by two host/hostesses and cheerfully seated. You almost immediately have your drink order taken by a busier or server and a fresh baguette and butter brought to your table.  The servers are always very informative on the daily specials and eager to share their tips and opinions.Saturday, you've gotta order the chicken and waffles. The chicken, be sure to use the gravy. Trust me, my goodness! Amazing!There really isn't anything not good on the menu. The only think I haven't liked is the French Toast. And that's only because it's not a typical Americanized style meal.... Which makes sense since this is not Americanized or American style food. Lot wasn't bad, I just didn't like it, personally. The management has always been very courteous and over the top helpful as well. Both the managers have given us their cards and told us to let them know when we come in. We've been greeted by the managers upon entrance multiple times, not having to wait at all for a table. We've been brought complimentary pastry baskets and mimosas. We've had some of our check shaved off, just because.This is not your typical Vegas hangover spot. It's a great place with amazing service and fantastic, exceptional quality food prepared by a very talented kitchen staff.Oh, and the bartenders serve absinthe. They serve it the way it should be served.Go, enjoy this little gem of a spot!
5	My first stop when I arrive in Vegas !!!!This is my go to place for brunch and breakfast . The food here is amazing . If you like chicken and waffles the roasted chicken with bacon chive waffle and Tahitian vanilla bean butter is out of this world . The chef here knows his stuff , food is 100 consistent and delicious .The management is is the most dedicated I know of in any place . They go above and beyond to make sure you have an experience instead of just a bite to eat, Huguette was so good to us and made each dinning experience an awesome one . We are in Vegas 8-10 times a year and I look forward to my trips knowing I get to stop in and stuff my self with all these delicious choices .
4	Chicken and waffle.  One of the best meal to be had in Vegas.  The waffle is light and crispy with bacon bits.  Top it off with vanilla bean butter and a light maple syrup and its become even better.  The chicken in roasted and comes with a pancetta gravy. Another example why bacon is good with anything or is it everything.
4	Bouchon is apparently the best breakfast place on the strip.  I somewhat agree but breakfast is just breakfast.  How great can eggs & bacon get?  So why the 4 stars? Please keep going. The restaurant is located on the 10th floor of Venetian.   It's pretty easy to find because there are security guards scattered all around in the hallways on the way in.  The outdoor dining area was closed because it was summer and too hot.  It was beautiful though - with fountains and all.  You can see people swimming further back in the outdoor area as well. I had the eggs, bacon, potato croquette, and toast.   The toast is amazing.  Perfectly toasted all around.  I'm sure you're asking "how good can TOAST be?"  Just try it.. You'll know what I mean.  The bacon was nice and crispy.  The eggs were okay (1 poached and 1 scrambled).  Potato croquette is def. worth the try! Crispy on the outside and super creamy on the inside.  The BF loved it. $13I also had the French Toast with my breakfast.... It is definitely NOT your typical French Toast.  It tasted more like a big bread pudding topped with caramelized apples, bananas, & powdered sugar.  It was way too sweet for the BF but I loved it.  I wish it had more of a pastry texture though.... Kinda tasted TOO much like just pudding - which ended up feeling way too heavy.  There was no way we could finish it.. $13The BF had the corned beef hash and eggs.  The corned beef wasn't grounded and were cut into cubes. The beef was slightly tough too.. I think cause of the way they were cut up.  I liked it overall but I wish it came with more hash potatoes.  He wasn't too impressed.. But I'm sure he was being picky cause he expected it to be perfect.  $18
2	So I'm in Vegas for a friend's bachelor's party, Hangover-style, but with more foodies. Outside of our primary goal of giving our friend-soon-to-be-groom one final night on the town before settling down, our secondary goal was simple: find good, non-buffet food on the strip. After some searching and much delineation, we decided that Bouchon looked like the safest choice for a decent meal. We entered the lavishly decorated restaurant with large expectations and appetites.Perusing the menu, I was torn between getting French Toast (my all-time favorite) and something savory. Although the description of the French Toast (with caramelized apples, maple syrup, and bananas) seemed pretty decadent, my concerns were assuaged by the fact that they are a bakery in addition to being a restaurant, so I ended up splitting the French Toast and the heftily priced Chicken & Waffles with a friend.Well, that was a mistake. The French Toast came out as a single tiny pillar plopped onto the dish. Surprisingly, it included very little bread, and instead was supplemented by layers of candied apple slices, mortared with custard, and drowned in syrup. Way too sweet, and almost no bounce from the brioche bread; in short, completely unbalanced. Why this wasn't on the dessert menu was beyond me. At least I split it with the Chicken & Waffles, right?Wait, what? A paltry 1/4 chicken, and 4 meager waffle slices? For $26? The meat was scant and not even that good, and the waffles--and I don't use this description lightly--tasted more like air than anything else. Sure there was a slight waft from the chives and bacon, but nothing potent enough to make you forget how little substance the waffles really had.We also ordered a few sides of bacon for the table, but the stripes were soggy and not very flavorful. We didn't finish them.I ended up paying nearly $40 for breakfast for sub-par food and wasn't even full.Conclusion: Offensively overpriced.Conversely, service was exceedingly good, almost as if our waiter was attempting to make up for the fact that it was overpriced with his pleasantness, but there was no digging out of this hole. Do not be swayed by the inexplicably numerous good reviews for this place. Avoid.Looks like my quest to find decent food on the strip continues.
5	When I found out I was going to Vegas for a conference, the first thing I told my travel buddy was "We have to go to Bouchon!" As usual, I was not disappointed. We shared beignets and I had the brioche french toast, both of which were incredible. My friend is a pescetarian and the waiter and kitchen were amazingly accommodating with serving her an a la carte breakfast. The coffee was fantastic, and the service was even better. Always, always recommended.
1	Short version: The food is absolutely nothing special. The high prices for what is, at best, Olive Garden quality fare is ridiculous. The food takes ages to arrive. Plus, you may still end up seated next to Vegas a-holes. The only upside is that the servers are friendly and attentive.Long version: So my girlfriend, two female colleagues, and I were in Vegas for a conference. We're trying to figure out where to get dinner, and we finally end up at Bouchon. It's a celebrity-chef restaurant in The Venetian. The decor is impressive. The prices are high. The menu is written to get you excited about the food. We were expecting amazing things. The many people on the waitstaff were extremely friendly, so we were even more expectant. We asked that our food - entrees, apps, and sides - be served at the same time. It took 45 minutes for the meal to arrive. And it was so disappointing.The onion soup and white sausage entree were good, nothing terrible, but for an affected, overpriced French "bistro" from a celebrity chef, I was expecting much better than Olive Garden level. Both my colleagues said their main dishes were pretty good but nothing to brag about. One of them also got a side order of $7 "pomme frites." They were plain, bland French fries. The fries at Smashburger put these to shame, for God's sake. My gf got the worst of it. The roasted squash was soggy on top and hard/undercooked on the bottom, and bland all over. The fried zucchini blossoms were inedible oil-sponges. She literally didn't eat them. The salade de tomate was swimming in vinaigrette.Then, to add insult to injury, a group of five arrogant dudes and one skank in their late 20s came in. Where do you think they got seated? As far away from all other human beings as possible? Nope. Right next to us. And I do mean "right next." There was hardly any space at all between their table and ours. Tip to the Bouchon hostesses: when a pack of a-hole guys comes in, don't seat them next to a table with three attractive women and one guy. I knew these guys were d-bags the second I saw them, and I was right. They kept staring over, and sure enough, as predicted, one of the scumbags couldn't resist making a loud, inappropriate comment directed at one of the women at our table. Naturally, this p-ssy never, ever would've done that if he had been there by himself, but surrounded by his fellow scum he was brave.Nice going, Bouchon. We wait forever for overpriced, mediocre food and end up getting harassed by the sh-tbags you seated right up against our table.
2	Terrible service and for some reason, brunch was quite disappointing. The Croque Madame did not taste as good as it did last time and left a strange after taste.
2	Food was decent, but nothing life-changing. Yes, I know it's supposed to be "simple French bistro food" and it was ok but...Just because Thomas Keller got a lot of money to slap his name on it, you are not really eating at a Thomas Keller resto unless it's French Laundry or Per Se. This is just a very slightly higher-end La Madeleine with inflated Strip hotel prices. I gave it two stars because of the noise and flaky service. For food alone I'd easily give three maybe four. It's a cavernous space and they really try to pack 'em in and flip the tables as quickly as possible to generate volume, pretty much the antithesis of a what a genuine, relaxed bistro experience in France is like. The noise level was almost deafening. My dining companion was seated right across from me and we were literally shouting at each other during several points in the meal. A conversation was pretty much impossible and neither of us are hearing-impaired. Although my ears were ringing all that night after...this is absolutely not the place for a relaxed and intimate dinner. Don't be fooled into thinking that just because it's "French" food.Courses came out at odd intervals and aside from when it was time for us to pay and run out (flip those tables!) our server just didn't seem to be very good at his job. Maybe he was having an off day, got caught in the weeds...but I honestly think in his case he's just a bad waiter. Started with a nice platter of oysters. They didn't make us sick so that's good. Not that I expected them to. My dining companion had the roast chicken which really was delicious and so well done. Chicken is usually one of the most boring things to order on any restaurant menu but this is an exception. If you've always wanted to try one of those flavorful, moist classic French roast chickens you've heard are so good, here is a place to start. My trout almandine was quality. Simply prepared and I liked it. The rhubarb cake dessert was tasty.This was my first visit back to Bouchon after I had gone several times a few years ago. Prior to that it was always for breakfast and lunch. It's was less crowded and quieter at those times. However, service there has never been especially good and it suffers the endemic Strip celeb chef phoning it in for the tourists problem. I'd recommend going for lunch or breakfast (especially during the week if you can swing it) avoiding weekend dinner there and not setting your expectations for food and certainly not for service, all that high.
2	This place is very overrated. I went for brunch and my burger was dry, overcooked, just blah. I wanted to send it back but did not see the waiter again and the place was empty. To make it worst I had to eat it with the tap water that was served when we got there because when I asked another waiter for a drink he replied: "I'll let your waiter know". He didn't. I even had walk up to the maitre d to ask for the check! Stay away from this place.
4	The food was incredible, Foi Graes was to die for.  I wish I could have it everyday, unfortunately SF bans it. I had the Bouchon steak, the temperature was perfect and the sauce was so delectable. The service was outstanding.  They even have Mac and Cheese for my kid. I am definitely coming back for brunch to see if it's even better than dinner.
3	I started out with the Croque Madame.  It was very good. The mornay sauce was very nice.  The bread seemed excessively buttered. The french fries were plentiful and crispy. They would have been perfect had they not been over-salted.  I hate to admit this but you have to work hard to put too much salt on my food. These were way over-salted. The beignets were very nice. The more closely resembled cider mill spice donuts rolled in cinnamon sugar. Overall, friendly and attentive, if somewhat slow, service, Beautiful atmosphere,  pricey, but enjoyable. A bit overly decadent for my taste but it was a nice experience.
5	I love this place. I've been here about 4 times and every experience was pretty nice.I would recommend coming here for brunch and breakfast. It's relatively cheap (about 40 dollars for two people) and the food is good. Recently, I ordered the french toast which was really good (about 12 dollars).During dinner, for two people the bill was about 200 dollars. However, we ordered quite a lot, including oysters, steak, duck salad, lamb (I think), sparkling water, truffle fries and dessert. The ambiance is dark and romantic, but honestly, I believe there's better value for dinner elsewhere and the food good, just didn't have a wow factor. That being said, I still had a good time and the service was excellent. One bonus is that at night, after dinner you can take a little stroll through their pool area right outside Buchon. It's quite nice and quiet.Overall verdict, come here for breakfast and brunch. I don't believe they take reservations for brunch.
4	Since we were staying at the Venetian, the kids wanted to go to Bouchon for brunch...anticipating a long line, 3 of us headed out first.  We went down to the Casino level and walked through the Casino, past the front desk, into the hallway, then up the elevator and down another hall.  No one else was in line, however, they had to get the table ready, so there was a short wait.  Since the World Cup was being played, we didn't mind waiting and watched the TV in the waiting area.Our table was ready just as the rest of the group arrived so we were seated... nice restaurant...The menu was quite extensive...lots of choices in oysters and lots of fancy offerings.  Fois gras pate, selection of oysters (for breakfast?), fresh fruit was shared by the group....I just split a corned beef and eggs with my son's girlfriend..I really enjoyed that!My husband had the sour dough waffles, (I don't like sour dough so I didn't bother).  My daughter had the chicken and waffles...her waffles was good with bacon and chives...the chicken was roast chicken thigh and wing...Service was good and at the end, the waiter offered us water and coffee to go...I thought that was really nice...and since I had a Kouig Amann waiting for me in the room, I accepted a cup of coffee....they don't serve Kouig Amann's int he restaurant, but he did find out how to pronounce it....sounds like "queen a mahn"....so now you have it!
5	I came to Bouchon last night for their Bastille Day special menu.  It was a grand meal.  I was brought their pain d'epi with some butter and the small bowl of pistachios.  I love this bread and I have to take care I don't overdo it.My server was Amy and she was a gem!!  I asked her about the size of the Bastille Day menu dishes and she explained they were all appetizer size.  I ordered a half dozen oysters, an order of pommes frites aux truffes, and The Saucisson platter.  The oysters came 2 each of three different areas from which they were harvested.  Next up was the sausage assortment that came on a board.  There was one horizontally sliced piece of their bratwurst on a small bed of sauerkraut, 2 rounds of Merguez, a slice of garlic sausage en croute, and one link of their boudin blanc.  The sausages were accompanied by some whole grain mustard, some yellow mustard, a couple of cornichons, and some pickled onion slices and other small vegetables pieces.  With the platter, I was brought more bread (3 kinds), and then came the pommes frites.It was a feast.  The sausages were all very good.  It would be a fantastic platter to serve any day but this is special for Bastille Day.After this, I ordered Chocolate Bouchons for dessert.  These were one of their dessert specials for the night.  I didn't see macarons as was stated online when I read about their special menu for the day.  The Bouchons were small, vertical brownies with a small scoop of ice cream with coconut, one fresh cheerry dipped in chocolate and chilled before serving.  There was also some raspberry syrup on the plate.  The Bouchons were great.I have an affair with Bouchon.  I have been there several times and I just like the bistro atmosphere and looking out the window and seeing that lovely park area with pools on the 10th floor of the building that's so private and away from the rest of the Venetian/Venezia/Palazzo Resort.  Bouchon has been the place I've reviewed the most.  It's one of those places that just puts a smile on my face and I look forward to going there.  Service is always first rate and the food is very good.I think I have a new Bastille Day tradition that started last night!
5	What a nice breakfast this was. Beignets with chocolate spread and a latte per the servers advice. We even got a complimentary yogurt parfait which was a nice treat. Followed this with the omelet special of the day and it was all great. Very calm and casual with great food and great service.
4	I enjoyed it.  Made a list-minute reservation and ate at the bar.  Apparently even if you check in with the host, sitting at the bar cancels your open table reservation/points,  so I had to clear that up. I tried some really rich food here:  escargot, moules-frites, and this delicious bread that soaked up all the juices that surrounded the two.  They also bring you some pistachios to enjoy before your meal.My food came out very quickly.  I had a couple beers to wash it all down. The bartender was nice enough- not super chatty, nor extroverted, but nice. He was kind enough to let me order a half-order of the mussels.  Would I go back again?  I'm not sure......there are SO many good venues to try in Vegas...
5	I rarely love a breakfast enough to pay over $10. This is the exception. Baked goods excellent. Bread perfect. Excellent combinations.
5	This place lives up to every expectation I have of Thomas Keller.  Simple food done extremely well.  Excellent service, beautiful restaurant and every dish was the best I've ever tasted.  Truly exceptional.
2	Came here with a group of 12 for a birthday dinner. Waitstaff and service was excellent. bread and butter was the highlight of my night, lol. Ordered a variety of dishes...-steak and frites was so average. Are you kidding me? No au jus sauce for the steak?? I couldn't believe it. So I sat there eating a fairly dry steak, not fun. The entire point of steak and frites is so you can soak it up in all the juices!  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant for a fine dining experience in Las Vegas. Check out Michael Minna's restaurant in the Bellagio for better food.
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a trip to vegas for our anniversary! Wow, I think I'll keep him for a while longer. Well we stayed at the Venetian Hotel!!! and had our evening dinner there at Bouchon. It was wonderful. They had all these French menu items. My Beau said he was going to order me some snails but they didn't have any. Instead I had some of the best french fries I ever had and a really tasty steak. My beau had a really yummy chicken. We each had several glasses of wine and a fine evening!
4	Excellent, but pricy.  Chicken and waffles off the hook,  great gravy, vanilla butter, with chive bacon waffles and roasted chicken. Coffee was also top notch.
5	Last minute decision to come here for breakfast.  Great last minute decision!!  Had the BLT tartine...that was sooo good!  Never thought of having basmic vinegar on egg, but now I must have that all the time now. Service was wonderful.  Highly recommend!
2	Well its French--circa 1960--tired, uninventive, cholesterol packed fare at dinner. Its true fat and salt can make anything taste good, but perhaps stick with spam. Emblematic of the experience was greeting the three employees at the host stand with, "Bon soir, comment vas tu?" and receive puzzled expressions and no response all around.
3	was, okay.I had the lamb entree, nothing exceptional.  could use more fresh veggie on the plate versus just legumes.lamb cooked well but was not memorable at all. (no rosemary or other good taste)--was SOO PLAIN as if i was eating british food.service:waitor was niceone server came with our dishes and we had to move things on our table to make space.  we are used to services being experienced enough to prep our table or manage the dishes they are carrying.
4	Amazing place to eat. All of our food was amazing and service was great, except our waiter. He was a complete DICK. We were new to the type of food and he was very rude when we had questions. Defiantly a place to take a date !! Only reason I rate 4 stars is because of our waiter, hope you don't get him!!
2	Went for dinner.  Sat at the bar.  The server did not know what kinds of oysters they had.  She also did not know what was on the cheese plate.  The food was nothing exciting.  Was served one of the worst glasses of wine (Syrah).  It wasn't corked, just tasted awful.  And that was after I waited 20 minutes to get it.  There were a bunch of managers standing around too while our server was clearly weeded.  I should have made them aware and not run to Yelp but we just wanted to get out of there after spending a load of money on a bad experience.
2	I wouldn't go to this restaurant when there are plenty of other options on the strip that has better service and higher quality food. We went here base on yelp reviews and I must say it was a disappointment. I order the beef hash and eggs with a side of bacon. My friend ordered the sirloin with eggs. Five minutes later they brought out the side of bacon before our drinks and the food. We had to send it back because it was ridiculous to just sat there and stare at the side of bacon. My friend streak was bland and tasteless, my beef-hash was mediocre nothing special. At the end we both agreed that only the French fries was decent.
4	When I was in Vegas a few months back for a bachelorette's part, I had wanted to try this place out; but it was out of some of the girls' budgets.We started out with some Kumamoto oysters on heal shell which were on the small side. They were sweet & slightly briny but not even close in the intensity of flavor to the oysters we get back home from Hog Island (read my reviews). We then got the Terrine de four gras de canard. It was rich, creamy, & just the right amount of saltiness to go with the toast. We had some leftover which I ate with a croissant later in our hotel room...sooo good.For main course I had the Scottish salmon which was cooked well & the lentils with ox tail was delightful & unexpected. The Boyfriend got the Rib eye steak special with a very nicely cooked steak. The creamed spinach was not too creamed which I liked. All in all, however, it wasn't quite worth its price of $65. Even though we stuffed ourselves full with the starters & the main courses, we still managed to sure some Bouchons which were not too sweet & went really well with the ice cream.The service was fantastic; friendly, attentive, & efficient. It was the truly the best I've ever experienced.
4	Besides the hostess of mean girls when you enter the restaurant, after trying to figure out the maze of Venetian to get to the restaurant, the server and the food made the experience a whole turn around for myself and my group. Now you're wondering mean girls of hostess? Yeah, four girls dressed in the same uniform would stare at each other and laugh to figure out who would have the unfortunate duty to walk us to the table. Smh. Or at least that how we felt. Luckily our server, I wish I remember her name but was the most helpful server ever. From grabbing us what we needed to giving us wonderful recommendations! The food was great. I had the eggs Benedict and it was so good but if you're not a big eater, def go share the plate. It's more than enough food! The place is a little on the pricey side but hey, you're in Vegas!
3	The ambiance presents a nice and relaxing environment to start your day. We arrived a little afternoon, so ordered two lunch apps with breakfast entrees. The soup de jour was tomato and it was fine. Basic, lots of cream and didn't really deliver that amazing tomatoey goodness we were looking for. With the soup, came our pommes frites which were the best food of the meal. Hot, crispy, creamy inside and seasoned perfectly. Our entrees consisted of the omelette with bacon, tomato and spinach and the French toast with cinnamon apples and caramelized bananas. The omelette was basic, nothing special and certainly not seasoned. Bland and boring, it was definitely a disappointment. The French toast was good. It comes out looking like a square of bread pudding, but has a nice flavor and consistency. We also ordered 2 overpriced champagne cocktails. Both were fine, but I was in no way blown away. Our server was very nice and professional, but overall, the food was not what I would expect from a Thomas Keller restaurant.
5	This is some killer french grub, I loved it.  Had a cucumber soup and the trout, amazing front to back side to side. Simple ingredients prepared perfectly.  Pricey but worth it.  The brunch is pretty stellar and classic french.  I would go again, after saving up my money.  Its not cheap. 5 star is rarely cheap!
3	I was disappointed. I am a fan of Thomas Keller but found this Vegas outlet to come up short. Service was great, atmosphere was lively, and the place was designed well like a classic bistro. The food is where things came out short. Nothing was terrible mind you but hardly the standard you're expecting at such a name brand restaurant. The best was the salmon roulette which was interesting and unique. The French onion soup was tasty and the broth much thicker/more flavorful than I've had anywhere else.The oysters were pretty run of the mill. The frisee salad with egg was good but nothing special. The table bread was fantastic though.The real disappointment was the main entree - Steak Bouchon for $62. The meat was properly cooked but the quality (and quantity) of the meat just wasn't on par with any real steakhouse. Maybe it's unfair to compare but for $62 at any great steakhouse, you'd get a lot more food and much better taste. The frites were generous in portion though.I'd give the restaurant group a shot again but didn't leave impressed for my first experience in the Vegas location.
4	Came here for a meal at the end of the year. The pig ears were delicious and so were the clams. The trout was good but wasn't impressed considering how much I was paying for it. Next time, I'm gonna get the salmon roulade as everyone has been telling me to get. The service was spot on though.
5	First time having a Croque Madame so don't have anything to compare it too but it was delicious! The bread used is so dang tasty!Also, they forgot to bring us bread so we dipped the fries in the jelly they brought us and it was a very delicious combo- sweet and salty. MmmmThe Brioche was a little too rich and sweet for our taste but it didn't prevent us from cleaning our plates :)
5	Thomas Keller's more casual Las Vegas restaurant is one of my favorites when visiting the Sin City. Classic French cuisine that's been dialed back a notch, the meals are perfect as they aren't overly rich or filling. The Boudin Blanc is incredible. Also, check out Bouchon Bakery while in Vegas. Their French Macarons are to die for, especially the Salted Caramel variety.
2	I was unexpectedly disappointed with this restaurant. Being a Thomas Keller restaurant, I expected great things, but instead had one of the worst meals of my two week vacation. You could say it was just my meal, but my husbands was sub-par as well, the bread was tough, and the service was very slow and inattentive. I made a mistake of not going with a "classic" french meal, but the papperdelle with short rib ragu sounded interesting, so I decided to try it. I literally felt like I was eating one step up from dog food. I'm almost certain the kitchen had some leftover short rib dish that they reused, added WAY too much oil, and threw it on top of some broken up, leftover pasta. BLECH! It has always been a dream of mine to eat at the French Laundry, so I was excited to try one of Thomas Keller's restaurants. For a chef as renowned as he is, he should really pay more attention to the quality of his restaurants or else it is going to tarnish his reputation. I would NEVER recommend someone to try this restaurant in Las Vegas when there are SO many other options out there.
4	First time here. Wanted to try due to reputation of Thomas Keller. Food was great but service was only a 2 star
2	Unfortunately this was a disappointment. Bad reviews are as important as good ones and I felt I needed to share the disappointment in the food we experienced last night. When spending this kind of money you are entitled to certain expectations. These were not fulfilled. No close. Escape go were good and the onion soup was good but nothing stood out as a true experience. The food felt overdone. Trying too hard. Too rich - and yes this is French food which is rich - but this was too rich. Service was great.  Setting was great. But the food was a disappointment. We had 4 different main courses and a few appetizers and none of it impressed.
1	I was extremely disappointed with the breakfast here as well as with their pastries. I had ordered the burger since I figured a Thomas Keller restaurant should not mess that up; I was very wrong. The brioche bun did not seem fresh, burger patty was dry and flavorless, and the so called "animal sauce" was hardly in it. I highly doubt that they used Wagyu beef as the menu claims, even the meat at In-N-Out tastes better! I also didn't care for the chocolate almond croissant or the cheese danish, have had better elsewhere. My husband also didn't like his French toast, it lacked flavor and seemed too mushy.Even the service was lacking; the waitress never informed us of the specials and I only happened to glance at the chalk board in front of me after I placed my order. The food also took a long time to arrive. The coffee we were served was cold. All in all,  I would not recommend this place since it's all hype and no substance.
5	Join family trip to Vegas, and brother-in-law suggests we eat at Bouchon for brunch.  Heard this famous restaurant owned by one of the best chef, thus expected it could cost some fortune for such high-end dining.  We order some pastry and I order salad and the Kobe beef burger . At my first sight, it looks simple and decent. After I start eating, I find really impressed by such a simple order:Salad - it is compact solid volume, not like the rest ever--loose, tossed; and EVERY LEAVES are tender, juicy and flavoury.  I never expect a salad can be provided with such quality. Never before.Burger - It looks funny to me : burger with fried union ring.  When I try my first bite, the crunch fried ring induces one of the best combination when chewing and tasting this juicy burger.  It is fried to the perfect degree for you to chew on it, meanwhile, not oily at all and harmony with beef patty and tomato.  SO TASTY, and makes my mouth watering by just thinking about its flavor!Pastry - no doubt about it: fresh and taste GREAT (not too sweet as most American pastry). ( I feel it's better than those in Bouchon retail bakery)Most impressed, overall price is frugal (cheaper than eating at casino buffet for our group) with such a high-end dining environment.  For sure I will come back at my next Vegas visit.
4	*Restaurant Week 2014 Review*Bouchon put together a really dinner nice menu for restaurant week.  The table started with a large bowl of pitted olives and 1 tasty salmon rillette each.  I would go back just to eat the rilletes, they were salty silky perfection.  The next course was a tomato salad which was dressed with a flavorful basil dressing. I really loved this salad because I am crazy about tomatoes.  For the main, we chose the trout which was beautifully presented and came with tons of toasted almonds and green beans.  The portion was very satisfying and it was cooked nicely but I had trout earlier that day from DB Brasserie and DB's was quite a bit better.The low point was dessert which was an unimaginative chocolate mousse.  The mousse was boring yet rich and was paired with a bland custard creme. Just remembering the dessert makes me want to bump this review down a star but the service and ambiance of the restaurant were excellent.
3	Let me first say that I love Thomas Keller. I like that he rose up the ranks the old fashion way and essentially a self taught master chef of the 3 Michelin Star  - The French Laundry (Of which I hope to go one day). I understand that Bouchon is not trying to be The French Laundry. I wanted to love Bouchon but unfortunately it was a let down. The highs were the bread and butter. The large seafood platter. The service. The lows and it was really low was my main course of a 9 oz. Rib steak that cost $62. A complete let down and I know Thomas Keller if he was there would never serve it. It was dry and favourless. I did not send it back since it was not a mistake; my other dinner companion order the same thing and the results were the same. Avoid the steak since $62 bucks can buy you a much better steak in Vegas. Get if off the menu please. Everything else was great including dessert.
5	Really good food. It's not as expensive as it was feared to be. Food had good clean flavors. Some food was basic but just Perfectly cooked which added to the flavors.
3	Good Dinner, Better BrunchOkay, for brunch, I would give the restaurant five stars.  But the dining experience is all about dinner for me.  Let's face it, breakfast is easy.  Dinner was just okay at Buchon.  The service was strange.  I can't say that it was rude, just very informal.  I will not be returning again for dinner, but I will be back for brunch!
4	quick tip:  restaurant tucked away to the right of the registration desk at the lobby - not towards the interior of the casino.eurostyle breakfast executed on par.  we had omelette du jour, and french toast.decent friendly service, the ambience on the outside patio was calming and not too crowded.  pricing was fair - didn't feel like I was getting ripped off.
5	Breakfast was excellent , food was perfect in Vegas as it was in Chicago....will always return whenever in the area again
2	Had dinner with my wife here last week. Was very excited to try it.  Unfortunately I was very disappointed.  We ordered raw oysters which were very small with no flavor and slightly fishy.  Then mussels which were very fishy.  Then escargot, which were old. The waiter was OK but never asked how our meal was otherwise I would have told him. I live on an island and eat seafood all the time so I know how it should taste. The formage plate was good and the horseradish was the best I've ever has. That's the 2 stars
5	Back again! This is a must stop for Brunch. You can relax and enjoy a goid meal with a group or just by youself.  The layout, service and food are all on point but you must like pastries oand bread.  My choice is Petit Dejeuner Americaine with Cheese Danish. Great deal for $22.00 plus tip   Sit inside by a Window if you can and on your 2nd trip sit outside.  If you want something a bit richer try the French Toast.For an afternoon snack try the lemon Tart or a cheese danish to go.
3	I would say that my experience was somewhat disappointing. It's not bad, just not Thomas Keller quality. The atmosphere of this place is just swanky. Glossy tile, brass, and wood. That's my favorite part!Came here for brunch yesterday by myself and sat at the bar. Bar was more interested in opening than acknowledging me, and the rest of my experience came across this way, save one of the girls that refilled my coffee (which is really great coffee, by the way.Ordered the Croque Madame as everyone suggested. I'm confused why everyone adores it so much. It's a $19 grilled cheese with an egg on top with some nice, crisp frites.. It was burned around the edges (not toasted... Downright charred), and the bartender tried justifying it as "well done." It was good, not great. I would come back here though for dinner to give them a solid college try. The atmosphere is whimsical and great, and sitting on the patio is a great idea.
5	Good quality ingredients with good size portions ( not like the small french portions at other french restaurants I've been to. The foe Gras was really good and smoked salmon delish!! Highly recommend.
5	Food: delicious . I had their croque to Madame. And thought it was amazing. The rest of my table did too. They all wanted to try it. All 6 of them...leaving me mostly without a sandwhich :(Service: Las Vegas is where my friends and I meet every year. We all live in various parts of the country so when we see each other we want to catch up. Friday night is conducive to this. What with all the drinking dancing and craziness. So we had brunch here and stayed for 3 hours catching up. No one complained and they kept pouring our waters which we needed after our Friday night.So I love this place.Also their butter is made there and is extremely delicious!
5	Thomas Keller once again proves he can indeed do French cuisine and do it well. Wonderful wine list, cuisine to die for and exceptional service. A must try when in Vegas. Thanks Andy. La grande bouffon.
3	Had the brunch and felt like there wasnt much savoury dishes to choose from. The cod was fabulous though, really recommend everyone try it out. The french toast was overly sweet and soggy. The strawberry waffle was crispy and nice. The restaurant is clean and spacious. The choice to sit inside/outside is a nice change. This place is ok in my opinion.
4	I came here with a group of 5 girls for Brunch this past weekend. First thing is, the place is beautiful. I have never left the 1st floor of the Venetian hotel before so it was a nice surprise going up to the 10th floor. They have outside seating but we opted for inside seating. We got 4 plates to share between the 5 girls and i'm really glad we did, the portions were pretty big. We didnt even finish everything. I really enjoyed the white sausage, it was a mix of pork, veal and chicken. Lots of flavor there and very jiucy...hm..... The rest of the food was great too, but I think my favorite was the regular croissant pastry! Just tasted so fresh. I would come back for the other pastries.Service was great too, our waitor explained the entrees to us and he was very patient and attentive to our needs.
4	I took my friend here for an early birthday dinner during restaurant week, the restaurant was not packed at all and they still had plenty of seating available at a 5pm on a Friday night. I made reservations but it wasn't necessary since they had so much spaces, we ended up getting outdoor seating which is a must !! if you are coming here because the view outside is gorgeous and helps you get away from the craziness and fanaticism of Vegas.  There are fountains outside with lots of foliage, and tons of lounging area as well. We decided to forgo the restaurant week menu since it didn't seem to have anything special nor worth getting compared to the regular menu. We ended up ordering the escargots a la bourguignonne, croque madame with truffle fries!! MUST GET TRUFFLE FRIES, its worth the surcharge of $11. My friend ordered the pan seared trout with sliced almonds and green beans, which was delicious and oh so tender. You have to save the butter garlic sauce to dip the bread in after eating the escargots, I would purchase this sauce if they sold it because that's how good it is.  The croque madame is the best croque madame I have ever had, however I haven't had a croque madame since French class in 5th grade, but this croque madame was pretty freaking good.  The runny egg has got to be the best part. I wasn't able to finish the fries or even half of my sandwich, so I took it home and my brother ended up eating it . sad day. Will come back to try their brunch!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. Everything on the menu is amazing. Brunch is good but for the full experience, go for dinner. Request Kelly as your waitress. You will not be disappointed
5	If you love yourself, please order the strip steak.
5	Another Vegas trip, another visit to Bouchon.The wife and I came to Vegas last week to celebrate our anniversary.  We needed somewhere to go for dinner one of the nights and we defaulted to our old standby, Bouchon.  I wanted to go somewhere new but couldn't really decide so we just decided to go to Bouchon since that was a safe choice.  Boy am I glad we did.It was a Tuesday night and we had reservations.  We were seated immediately in the upper area of the restaurant, (the left side above the lower area by the pool).  I don't know if it was just a slow night or they had us up there because it was our anniversary but we had the whole upper area to ourselves.  It was very nice.  The waiter Daniel came over and started chatting and then the manager came by with 2 glasses of champagne.  Nice touch.  Daniel was very knowledgable and friendly.  I noticed that they were serving a Lamb Sirloin special that night and I love lamb.  I asked the manager about it and he described to me and it sounded great.  I asked Daniel about it and he said, "I don't know why but they're pan searing it for some reason.  I think it's better grilled."  I agreed with him and asked if they could grill it instead and he said, "of course."We started off with the zuchinni blossom appetizer and the wife had a tomato salad that she really enjoyed.  The zucchini was incredible salty fried goodness.  Certainly not healthy but oh so good.The lamb sirloin with cippolini onions, fingerling potatoes and escarole was sublime.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?select=xpMDTgaqauAVJESLOKanwg&userid=z8ie74vdxx-28KPHA5EVlg#xpMDTgaqauAVJESLOKanwgThe wife had trout almandine.  She had a few pin bones but overall liked the dish.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?select=Ajn0wRJMIJzDfgM3MEnROA&userid=z8ie74vdxx-28KPHA5EVlg#Ajn0wRJMIJzDfgM3MEnROAFor dessert we had opera cake.  The cake was very good but there was some sort of light brown sauce on the plate that for some reason my brain was processing as tasting like garlic.  It was a very strange sensation.  After I figured out what was giving me that taste I just avoided that sauce.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?select=eTcq_5bEXwcJj-C9_s6bFA#eTcq_5bEXwcJj-C9_s6bFAWhen we ordered dessert the wife ordered a latte.  When Daniel asked what I would like I declined as I don't like coffee.  He was surprised and when I explained to him that I just don't like the taste of coffee he said, "I'm going to bring you something."  I told him OK but I'm not going to like it.  He brought me an espresso martini and it was indeed very good.  He was right I actually liked it.We have been to the Vegas and Napa Bouchon's many times but this dinner was the best experience we've ever had at Bouchon.  The food was amazing and Daniel is a fantastic server.  He made the experience truly special.
5	omg first time i got the leg of lamb do moist and packed with flavor.. and also ordered the petite seafood platter amazing... lamb and seafood perfext combogreat service too
4	Had a lovely weekday brunch here.  Sat outside where the courtyard setting is quite pleasant.  Ordered pan au chocolat (pastries are to die for) and the corned beef hash (solid, not crazy amazing).  Should have ordered the croque Madame (saw a couple of those bad boys pass by ... Looked amazing).  Service was excellent.
5	I've been here a few times already and every time is as good as the last. I always order the foie gras for appetizer and it is unbelievably deliciois. Had the Steak Frites medium rare and it was cooked perfecrly. I love the consistency and quality of this place. Can't wait to go again.
3	I've dined at Bouchon a handful of times over the years. Half the time it's been pleasant and half the time it's been just "meh." Sometimes the food is good but service is subpar or other times service is excellent and food just doesn't cut it.I am rating this with my most current experience in mind. We arrived at about 6pm with no reservation. They were kind enough to make a table available for us outside near the pool. The servers were very attentive and our waitress thoroughly went over the specials as well as her menu favorites.  I appreciated the fact that she let us take our time and answered all of our questions. What we ordered: Deviled Eggs ($5) deliciously simple, can't really go wrong with deviled eggs. Just enough mayo with the egg yolk.Steak and frites ($37) server was kind enough to help us split this since we were sharing. She indicated that the steak was typically served medium. I wanted medium rare, my dining partner wanted medium well, we compromised and got it medium. Definitely way too well done for my liking and ended up being quite chewy. It also came with fries, regular or truffle, we chose regular and they weren't anything special. Pork belly ($41) special of the day. Ridiculously over-priced for what it was. I don't usually talk about food in measurements but this is kind of necessary. The pork belly was a block about a 2x1.5 inches; about half the size of my iPhone. Half of which was all fat. I think I was swindled. Bouchon robbed me of my money and I kinda want it back. Oh well.  What little bit of meat I did eat was good, but not great.Furthermore, I'm aware that typically they serve bread and butter as well as pistachios before your meal. I actually had to request this after our entrees were served. Slightly annoyed? I sure was! I think this place is deserving of 3 stars. Half good and half bad... Right in the middle. I will prob come back, but not for a while.
5	My favorite place in Vegas! By far!! it really reminds me of a Brasserie in France and the food is sooooo goooood that makes me dream about it until coming back. The foie gras from Eiffel Tower is good but this one here is AMAZING! Last time I had mussels that were simply perfect and the meringue with red berries that was heaven on earth. I do recommend this restaurant to any person with good taste. Service is good as well.
5	Thomas Keller's Bouchon Bistro is truly a restaurant that strives for excellence.  You can feel it from the staff, waitresses, and everyone you come in contact with.  I had the breakfast classic of salmon, capers, cream cheese, tomatoes, red onion, and a French baguette.  A year without a breakfast at Bouchon is something I hope I never see.  Everything I haver ever had here is 5 Star!  I do love Las Vegas!
4	First, I'll post my disclaimer about Vegas restaurants:I believe restaurants on the Las Vegas strip are often very overrated. My theory: People are in Vegas to party and have a good time. They often eat at these places while they're having a great time regardless of the quality of the food or restaurant. When they go to write a yelp review, they assume that the high price tag and the fun evening must mean that the restaurant was great. Despite all of this, I was pleasantly surprised by Bouchon. It doesn't have that fake night club vibe. The venue itself isn't designed to distract from the dining experience. In fact, it compliments it. It looks and feels like a french bistro without trying too hard. The outside terrace is also a great touch. The food itself was also great. I had the steak frites, and a great melon and prosciutto salad. Yes, for the first time, I actually enjoyed a melon and prosciutto salad.  They have reasonably priced wines, and good coffee.
4	Great, relaxing brunch!Food:I was starving, so I ordered two meals: (1) French toast and (2) eggs, potatoes, and sausage.All of the food was great, although the potatoes were a little too greasy for me!The French toast, extremely rich, was just enough for me. I hurt myself eating the eggs, potatoes, and sausage.I was more impressed with the French toast, since I think I can cook decent eggs, potatoes, and sausage on my own. The four stars is really for the french toast; good stuff!Sides NotesAmbiance:If it's not super hot outside, I recommend you sit outside. The restaurant is situated by the pool; ambiance is impeccable.Service:The service was exceptional. Waiter was very patient and knowledgeable. Our waters were constantly refilled. The food came out reasonably quick.Overall:If you're looking for a relaxing brunch, I definitely recommend!
5	Rarely, if ever, do I feel compelled to start a review by talking about how amazing the service is. Bouchon is just exemplary. The entire staff dishes out 5 star service without a side of snootiness or stuffiness. Everyone is polite, present, knowledgable, patient, approachable. Whether you're wearing shorts and a tee shirt or a three piece suit, you're treated like royalty. Despite this, the restaurant effortlessly balances what could easily become a very formal meal into a relaxed and enjoyable experience. Continuing the top notch theme, the food is smart and special. There were interesting concoctions all over the menu from sweet to savory, and it's all incredible right down to the butter!Bouchon is a Vegas must, particularly if you're on a culinary quest. On a final note, my husband is an iced tea connoisseur and undoubtedly dubs Bouchon's as the best in the country. Something about it... and now I'm thirsty.
5	Absolutely fantastic. This restaurant blew my expectations away, had bone marrow, seared foie gras, and the hangar steak. Three very rich courses, but paired with the right wine, fantastic!Service was excellent, their timing and planning was perfect in the way they brought out dishes. 3 courses, an aperitif, wine, digestif, took us about 2.5hrs total. $480 between three people. Will come back next time I am in Vegas.If you are used to fine dinning and require Michelin stars goes elsewhere. If you enjoy an extravagant, (literally) expertly/perfectly cooked meal, come to bouchon.Bon appetit
5	Bouchon is a must for breakfast. It's not cheap, but it's also not too pricey. It's like a casual version of fine dining. The service is there. The food is somewhat elevated. I've never had a bad meal. The croque madame (heavy) and french toast (light) are my go-to dishes, but everything's great - from the steak & eggs to a side of country sausage.
4	Classic French food. Found this place cus it was  just down from our room. It's is actually good and service was amazing! First time actually eating authentic French cuisine. They have locations nationwide in NY&They have an LA location too when I'm home in CA(:
5	Ok so I been here for dinner before and I love the jarred foie gras ...I love the frites. I stay at the Venetian many time and I never had the breakfast so I had it on morning with my daughter. I love the waffles here and it was perfect(Crispy and fluffy). My daughter loved the salmon and bagles.. I will come here from now on for my breakfast.
4	I have been here a handful of times and will definitely go back. The food is great and the service is fast.
5	Amazing service, delicious food (the quiche and bacon were fantastic), and tasty bellinis. We sat outside and ate with a lovely view in perfect weather. I had a great brunch experience!
5	The food was incredible. There are inside and outside seating options available. There is no reservations (first come first serve) but the wait was less than 5 minutes. The menu is excellent. The place is rated as $$$ but my wife and I ate an incredible meal for under 50 dollars. The corn beef hash is out of this world good. Probably the best i tasted so far. My wife ordered bread pudding which didn't disappoint either. The bacon was a separate charge of 5 dollars, but it was cooked to perfection. Most defiantly a place I would eat again.
4	Great dining experience. Went with 2 other people. We ordered the mussels - big portion for $26. We also got the foie grass - delicious and the roasted bone marrow that was to die for! Great portion for the buck.
5	Without a doubt, the best meal I've had in Vegas, ever. I live there and consider myself a "foody". I don't want to make any comparisons that take away from many other renowned Vegas restaurants, but the foie gras, seafood tower with lobster, the skate, and the bone marrow were to die for! The desserts that followed were absolutely incredible as well! I can't give a higher recommendation than this: Go before you die!
3	Cute restaurant in the Venetian, it took us awhile to find it though! I personally wasn't impressed with the food, it was basic breakfast food, nothing special.
5	Service was just ok. Food wasn't exactly horrible but I was expecting something so much more. The pastries were good. Oh and the coffee! I still dream of the coffee... We will meet again Coffee! I gave this place 5 stars only for the coffee. Kinda wished I would of just ordered only coffee!
2	Bouchon felt commercialized and outdated to me. I walked up to the hostess stand, was not greeted, and all three hostesses looked at me like they were wondering why I was there. Well I was there to get a table for two for breakfast in an very empty restaurant. We were offered the inside of the restaurant which felt cold and dark, or the outside patio which was falling apart. You can tell the restaurant has not cared for the patio in quite some time.We decided on the croissant, curried chicken lunch special with fries, and les oeufs. I could not believe the croissant I was given. It tasted stale by the hard interior and the non flakey exterior. My open faced curried chicken sandwich was hard to eat, the curry flavor did not shine through, and the overall flavor of the salad did not come together. The les oeufs plate was also poorly done. Potato croquettes were so salty, the brioche toast was dry, however, the eggs were cooked well.Bouchon is a large scale restaurant in terms of the unpersonalized service and the size of the space. Because of these factors it almost feels gimmicky to me that they have a Bouchon in a Las Vegas hotel.
3	I have been before and it was average I decided to try it again. I had no such luck the front desk reception at the restaurant stated we could eat from 2-5 but only the bar menu. I was ok with that however once I planned my day around it and showed up they would not let me sit at a table. The bar was full all table empty and they would no sit my party. The manager would not honor the front desk offer and I left. Not the best way to do business.
4	Reputed to be one of Vegas' best restaurants. I'll bet you hear that about almost every restaurant in Vegas. We had meat and lots of it in a few different cuts. The quality was first rate and so too was the service. The wine list was excellent with a very diverse offering. I ate so much meat that I couldn't help but feel a little like Conan the barbarian for the next three days. If I had to have one gripe it would be that the background music was set far too high... an elegant and traditional place with metal cranked up to 9 on the dial just took away from the experience.
5	How does anyone give this place less than 5 stars? The service is speedy, the food is amazing, and the ambiance is beautiful with indoor and outdoor seating. This place is located in the The beautiful Venetian hotel. Its honestly not even that pricey for Vegas. Our French toast which was delish was only $12 to give you an idea. I recommend to get the assorted pastries and make sure you order the binets (jelly filled donut holes). My husband went back to the bakery twice in one weekend just for these guys. Also the coffee is strong but delicious. Overall a lovely experience. Will definitely go back on our return to Vegas.
4	Came here for a team dinner. Server was very attentive and friendly.We were served fresh bread to start and toasted pistachios - on the house. I never loved pistachios so much in my life - they tasted amazing warmed up! It was so addictive I couldn't help but go back for more. From now on, I'm toasting all my pistachios!For the main, I got the steak frites but substituted the frites for fried gnocchi. Steak was super tender and delicious but I wasn't a fan of the fried gnocchi.. It tasted like soft fried dough. I got the pear tart for dessert which I didn't enjoy that much either - the tart wasn't very flaky and the dessert tasted a bit dry. The sorbet tasted amazing though!Overall it's a great place but I would definitely come here for a special occasion.
2	Of all the reservations we had for our 4 days in Las Vegas, Bouchon was the one I was the most excited about. My husband and I had reservations at the Bouchon in Beverly Hills a couple of times but had to cancel for various reason so we never made it in.Perhaps it was the particular night we were there or perhaps it was because we went to the Vegas location first instead of the Napa Valley or Beverly Hills locations.... but we were less than impressed. The menu wasnt anything too creative or unique. The food was good, but just okay. We had escargot for an appetizer, but it didnt come close to as good as the escargot we had the night before at Hugo's Cellar. I had the croque madam as my main course, and it was okay... but just okay. The brioche was overly salty and not at all what I was expecting. Honestly, the best thing on my plate were the french fries! They ended up comping our table 2 desserts due to my husband's mom having to send her food back. For a place that is known for their pastries; I had high hopes for the desserts and was really excited to see the ones the manager sent out to us. Unfortunately; they wernt good. At all. The strawberry rhubarb crumble bar was just... not right. And it was very obvious that the chocolate espresso cake had been frozen and then defrosted. Which, to me, was a huge disappointment. Im not one to turn down sweets, but after a bite of each dessert I didnt even go back for more. It pains me to say this, but I do not recommend Bouchon in Las Vegas. Perhaps I will give the locations in Beverly Hills and/or Napa a chance, but this location left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended).
4	This is one of the restaurants my husband really wanted to visit while on our Vegas vacation last week.  We were just going to grab some pastries to go so we could munch on them at our leisure; however, we decided to go full-on breakfast at the last minute.First of all, the restaurant itself is just lovely.  Elegant, blue decor puts you at ease as soon as you walk in.  There is also a very nice outdoor seating area if you are so inclined.  Service was great.  Our server was very expeditious in taking our order, bringing our food, and checking on us throughout the meal.The first thing we did was sample one of their pastries on special, which was a chocolate almond croissant.  This was absolutely amazing.  The perfect way to start out breakfast.  They also have a special deal where you can get 4 pastries for $13, which sounds extremely cheap compared to most of Las Vegas.  We had them box some up to-go for us, which made us anticipating the next morning's breakfast in a hard-core, can't wait, stomach growling sort of way.I chose the Brioche Doree for my main meal.  This was a delicious French toast served bread pudding style, layered with custard, caramelized apples and bananas, drizzled in maple syrup.  It was so delicious.  Comforting, moist, soft, oozy - all your favorite food adjectives rolled into one.  I ate all of it, and I never ever ever eat all my food.My husband ordered the Petit Dejeuner Americaine which was two eggs any style with bacon, sausage, pastry, brioche toast, juice and a Bouchon blend coffee.  Out of all that, he was mostly in awe of the toast.  He took a bite, then sat back and kind of zoned out for a bit.  Said it was amazing, which is kind of an odd thing to say about toast.  But I suppose it is brioche that is made at Bouchon, so it probably IS amazing.We split a side of Lyonnaise potatoes, and I highly highly highly two thumbs up suggest you order these with your meal.  Ugh.  So good.  In fact, I could've used a whole plate of these.  Like a huge, ginormous plate.  In order words, don't split this side.  It is definitely a single serving and you'll want them all for yourself.Wish we were locals so we could go back and try lunch or dinner.  Cuz if breakfast is any indication of what they're capable of, I have no doubt we could eat here all day every day and never feel it necessary to leave.
4	Yes. Bouchon is a 4 star in my book. I've been here multiple times, including this morning for brunch. We had a 500ml of wine, which was perfect for me and my mom to split. I lovvvveee their salmon lox, as well as the salmon terrine that I've had several times. Service is always very good, not incredibly engaging, but on point and never leaving me wanting.
5	My wife and I had finished watching O and were trying to decide where to dine. Le Cirque and Picasso had ample availability but, ugh, who wants to sit imprisoned there for hours? Instead, we decided on Bouchon - meaning the next challenge was getting there on foot. A helpful valet at the Bellagio said it was a 15 minute walk - which was really wrong. From the Bellagio, the Venetian looks very close - I mean, it's right there; there's the sign. It's right there!  No. It's not. It feels a little like walking through enemy territory getting there. At one point, we were in front of a small group of drunk young men, one of whom said he wanted to crush his beer bottle over someone's head. Vegas baby!I thought that once we got to the Venetian, we'd be there - but even then no! That place is big. We arrived at 9:50 but were graciously seated at a lovely table outside. Not quite as bucolic as the Yountville location, but still quite pleasant. The food, as in the Napa Valley flagship, is awesome and simple. It's impressive to see TK's high standards are met so capably by the staff here. The frisee salad with soft poached egg and lardons is excellent and the poulet rotis was perfectly done. Great location, great ambience, great food. The perfect bistro!As for the Belgians at the next table eating pommes frites with mayonnaise - c'mon man, just gross.
3	Napa location is on a different level compared to Vegas. The food and service at the bar were both a little rough. Our server/bartender completely forgot about us several times and we had to reorder a few times as well. In addition, I overheard the bartender blame the chef for an error in food to a customer. I thought that was very unprofessional. Quality of the food did not seem up to par from my previous experiences in Napa.
4	I came back here for dinner with my wife. And honestly this was a much much better experience this time around. I had the half lobster, followed by the foie gras terrine, and grilled lamb loin. My wife had the tomato soup and the roasted chicken. We then shared the Lemmon tart for desert. Everything was very good, especially service. Our waiter - Ross Was his name I think, was awesome.
2	Went for breakfast after combing reviews...I contemplated 3 stars but I can't do it. The madame croque was very good (unfortunately I didn't order it), but the best part of my meal was the coffee.I had the omelette of the day with chicken, cherry tomatoes, and cheese. Those ingredients were in it but they were not plentiful and I think they forgot the seasonings. I also had the Salade Frisee with a poached egg. I had two similar salads on my recent trip to Milwaukee and they both blew this one out of the water. Again, where's the flavor? Even the bacon didn't give me the salty kick I was looking for.The bread was even very mediocre.The coffee, madame croque, and patio atmosphere kept me in a decent mood but I would never recommend it for the food.
4	It was my sisters bachelorette weekend event and a group of 10 ladies dressed in fancy sparkle attire should done somewhere nice!We were started off with complimentary pistachios and bread and amazon butter.  Our server felt like a robot but later on warmed up towards the end of the night.Here's what I had:MOULES AUX POIREAUX $28.50Maine bouchot musselssteamed with white wine, Dijon mustard, while garlic, served with French friesI REALLY wish we did family-style dining because my meal was HUGE. I must have gotten 20 mussels in my dish with a huge batch of French fries that looked like an appetizer size for the whole table! The mussels had whole garlic cloves in them which was amazing! The way everything was laid out, you had a side of the ceramic pot to dip your tender mussels in it's own savory and flavorful juice.  The French fries were lovely; thin, crisp, and pretty much your standard yummy fries.  For another $11 I could have upgraded them to black truffle but it's okay :)  Unfortunately I didn't get to finish my dish, and because I was in Vegas, it's not like I can take the leftovers to-go :(I enjoyed my time here and the food was amazing. I'd love to come here and try the brunch though.
2	I was excited to finally make it to a Thomas Keller property, having reach much about The French Laundry and Per Se.  We made it there for Sunday Brunch, which other reviewers has commented was terrific.  Unfortunately the experience did not live up to the reputation, and I'm wondering if the trend of super Chefs opening outposts in Las Vegas isn't fraught with peril.  Perhaps the local talent base doesn't support the aspiration and instead leaves us with a watered down version of greatness.  Sort of a parable for Vegas itself?The restaurant itself is lovely, and we snagged a nice table outside on the patio, which was a beautiful, calm oasis.  Unfortunately things kinds of came off the rails shortly after this as a series of service and cooking gaffes made me wonder if the staff was perhaps a bit hung over from the previous night's escapades?We ordered Oysters to start, then Croque Madame and Quiche for mains.  Approximately 30 minutes after placing our order the mains arrived.  As the Oysters has not yet arrived, we sent them back and asked for the Oysters.  The runner who brought the food did a good job of realizing the error, taking the food away without argument and sending over the manager. The manager also did a good job of being appropriately upset by the miscue, promising it was not up to their standard, and comped the offending oysters (which turned out to be quite good when they finally arrived).Hopefully smooth sailing from this point forward.  No such luck.  The Croque and Quiche arrived.  The Croque was absolutely delicious and perfect.  The Brioche toast that underlay it was a triumph.  However the Quiche was luke warm, not hot.  At this point we'd waited long enough and were starving so the issue was registered with the manager but the quiche (which was otherwise delicious) was eaten.  Finally, in an attempt to redeem the challenging meal we ordered the Beignets.  They too arrived cold (not even warm) and were uninspiring.  An unfortunate end to an error prone meal.Since most of the other reviews raved about the service I can only assume that our experience was an anomaly, but I have nothing else to gauge Bouchon with.  I'll give Bouchon another try on my next visit to Vegas, but in the meantime this was not the experience I expected, or to which I believe Bouchon aspires.  Hopefully the poor beleaguered manager, who did his best to address a bad situation, succeeds in rectifying the issues.
1	So had high hopes as I brought colleague's here for breakfast. We were sat in a very nice dining room and the staff was friendly as well as attentive. When the food arrived a little to quickly as if it was cooked some time in advance we realized it indeed was. Eggs...cold, bacon.....cold, chocolate almond croissant bland and the opposite of flaky definitely not made fresh.Not what I expected of Bouchon. Very disappointed in there deliverable.
4	Bouchon is a solid dinner place.  If you're going for something that's not super fancy, but still good eats, then I highly recommend this place.The bread.  They serve you a nice loaf of freshly baked bread with salted butter.  I could eat two loaves of this stuff.  There's nothing special about this bread other than the fact that it's done extremely well.I've been here three times and so far I've had the steak frites and the mussels with white wine and butter (twice).  Both are awesome dishes, but as you can probably tell, I'm partial to the mussels.  The mussels are done with a white wine, garlic and butter steaming liquid that is amazing when you dip the freshly baked bread in it.  I think there's also some thing slices of andouille sausage in the broth for flavor.I don't recall my experience with the steak frites, but I'm sure it was good.This place is great because it's ambiance is without pretense so you can relax, but fancy enough to go to for a special event like a birthday or anniversary. I recommend making reservations.
5	My second visit here.  In the Venetian hotel but you do not need to walk through the casino.  Probably three times the size of my familiar yountville location.During the day more focused on breakfast in the omission of French onion soup is troubling.
1	Worst Lamb Steak ever, service was just ok.Even the sides for the lamb steak was very bad.
1	We have been here before and looked forward to returning.  What a disappointment!  The steaks were tough.  We ordered a seafood tower and the presentation was sloppy.  The shrimp were just thrown on top of the other shellfish.  The frites were not as good as they used to be.  The service was not up to par.  Thomas Keller should be ashamed of how his restaurant has gone down hill.
4	Good over all was good. You get a lot for the money. The pastries are a must. We sat out side which was nice. Place closes breakfast by 1 so make sure you don't wake up too late after a night of drinking to enjoy.
2	this review is from a past dining in February 2014, better late then never...first and foremost! great decor, location and atmosphere, It being a Thomas Keller signature restaurant at The Venetian Hotel and Casino i had full expectations, however its not what i got! and for those reasons i can rate this only 2 star based on my personal experience.   The night my Sister and I had decided to have dinner at this location, we got seated right away near the Seafood bar, 5 minutes later a couple was seated next to us. at this point we still had not received any complimentary bread & butter like most restaurants would do at the time your seated. our neighbors had received their's first in addition they were already ordering their appetizers, by this time we were barely getting our bread and drinks were being ordered. easy to notice that our service was becoming very slow and delayed on our table.  "ill remind you we were seated first, and this couple was seated 5 minutes later, after our arrival"  at this stage they are having their drinks and first order of appetizers were being served to our neighbors, Yet we were still waiting on our appetizers. minutes after our neighbors are having their entree's where we are still working on our first course. 15 minutes had past our neighbors are getting ready to pay their bill and go on with their night. YET, we still have not received our entree's waiter did come out and say what was happenings, 20 minutes later, i decided to call the manager on duty and explain what was going on, that our service from the time of arrival had not being going well, our neighbors who were seat next to us arrived 5 minutes later, and had already left..  at this stage i was very upset and very unhappy, that a 2 course dinner took nearly 2 hours! WTFthe food was good, but nothing extraordinary or worth the wait, meh, at this stage the manager decided to go and speak with the back of the house and all sudden 2 minutes later our waiter comes out being very applogetic about the service, and offered us complimentary desserts on the house. which my sister and I opted out! which just wanted to leave!!!!!!!!!!!The overall experience at Bouchon was horrible service far the worst that i have received at any fine dining restaurant! there was no compassion on the staff of the serviced received, therefore for those reasons i would never come here again or recommend this to anyone. the food was not the greatest to my taste!
5	For brunch we decided to come to  Bouchon, and it didn't disappoint. From the get-go the service was top-notch. Our( forgot his name) waiter did an amazing job. He explaining the special they had that day and for his services. But I had to give it to the manager Jonathan. He was so professional,and friendly. He kept on coming by to our table and asking if the food  tasted to our likening. As for the food their pastries were fabulous. It was fresh and was  still nice and warm, and not to sweet. Highly recommend the pastrie platter.The special omelette with skirt steak and potato was just ok. Nothing to fancy  about it.Their chicken and waffle is a must try dish. The chicken was so moist and well season. The waffle with bacon bits and chives was awesome.In the end it was a great brunch, and amazing service from start to finish.Thank you again Jonathan for your hospitality, and your staff for an excellent service, and the wonderful food.
1	Highly overrated. We were here for brunch after seeing so good reviews on the web. It was a complete disappointment. The sequence in which we were served was completely off. We were served croissant first and the butter/jam came 15 mins after. The hot milk was served and they forgot my coffee. By the time coffee came in my milk is cold. The brunch itself was mediocre at best. Nothing special and to be wowed.
4	We went to Bouchon at the Venetian for brunch and it was quite good. I ordered the mussels and the dish was very rich in flavor and the size was generous. The ambience, service and location were great. We will certainly go back for brunch when we are in Vegas.
2	Food was delicious, but service was terrible. We arrived for Sunday brunch and were told it would be a 35 minute wait for a table, but we could sit at a high top in the bar right away. We were hungry so we took the high top. Our table overlooked two regular tables for 2 in the restaurant that remained empty literally the entire time we were there. We asked if we could move to one of them, but were told no. So, we just watched empty tables for over one hour. Waiters were totally scattered and overwhelmed in the uncrowded restaurant. I had to get up and get menus because we were not given any, and it took a long time to order, get the check, and pay. We were brought wrong items, and had to ask for coffee and water refills every time. Brunch took nearly two hours with the slow service. I've had dinner here before and it's been amazing, but the service has just gone downhill. I will not be returning.
3	It was ok...I've had a zillion times better!  I wasn't impressed enough to crave it or think about going back...the Service however was impeccable and to me even though I'm a foodie if the service is great I'm usually a very happy camper!
5	Amazing french little restaurant in the middle of the Venetian. Sit outside if you can! Oysters were delicious as was the chicken dish --and the mussels. Definitely a great quaint spot if you are looking for good food and a great low key atmosphere.
2	Not impressed. My wife's mussels were less than fresh to say the least and when we brought the issue to the waiter's attention he didn't even apologized for the situation. I had the trout and it was greasy and bland. The service was slow and the waiter didn't really care much.Overall a subpar experience.
5	I am so happy I finally got to come here. I must say the food was amazing! We had a little bit of everything and I do not think I can choose a favorite. I have never been a fan of lobster but the lobster was phenomenal. The only dish that I maybe could have passed on was the skate wing. It was good, but it was lacking a little flavor. Our flank steak was cooked to perfection. We asked for medium, and it was great. It was soooo flavorful. Besides all of the food we ate I absolutely loved the wine! I am not a fan of wine, but I had a Riesling that was delicious. Besides the wine, we also tried a few cocktails. Our waiter, Russ, chose a cocktail for me and it was really good. It was a fortified wine and soda, it tasted like a delicious lemonade. I almost wish I had something negative to say, but I really don't. Everyone was very nice and the food was great. It was probably the best seafood I have ever had, very very fresh. Thank you so much Russ for showing us a great time. You were very helpful and attentive. The next time we come in, I will definitely be asking for you and so should everyone else.
4	Best breakfast I've had so far in vegas! My sister and I shared a jardiniere meal, which came with 2 eggs (made any way), fresh fruit bowl, potatoes, spinach, fresh fruit juice, bread, and coffee. We also got to pick a baked good so we got a croissant. Everything was so delicious!! The croissant was so crispy and fresh. It smelled so good too and was not oily like most croissants I've eaten. The amount of food was perfect to share for 2 girls and the price was decent too - $22Service was excellent as well. Our server was very attentive and watchful. Every time I looked up, he would immediately come over. Our waters were constantly refilled, and food came out pretty fast. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
4	We had a great server and great food and drinks here for Brunch. We didn't have reservations for a Sunday brunch, but the wait wasn't too long. They have delicious bread too! It's a little pricey but a fun dining experience. My husband loved his chicken and waffles.
5	The Best
2	Well.. My family and I just ate here and the service is sub-par at best.  We had the beignets which were the best thing ever! The quiche was a little runny but good..My major ding comes from the omelette. We ordered the omelet of the day but asked them for a vegetarian version as we had a vegetarian in the group.  We told our server time we did not want the sausage or the lamb, however we received the omelette with meat. The server never apologized nor gave much attention to our table. Overall it was just a very disappointing experience for such a well established restaurant.
4	I was lucky enough to eat at Bouchon for both breakfast and dinner while on a recent trip to Las Vegas.The decor is warm and friendly as is the staff.  In particular our waiter for dinner, Senad, was extremely attentive without hovering, answered all of our questions and was extremely gracious.The breakfast meal was delicious.  The menu is extensive and very creative.  I had the roasted chicken and chive/bacon waffles.  I was nervous about the dish but decided to give it a chance and was rewarded.  The combination of flavors was wonderful.  The dinner menu included an outstanding duck confit and an equally delicious pasta of the day dish.  Each member in our party was thrilled with their meals.  The table shared an order of fries that we promptly nicknamed "crack fries".  I don't know what they do to their fries, but they are addictive!  Bouchon was also the only time on our entire trip that nobody could fit in dessert after the meal.  Be prepared to bring your appetite when you go.
5	Made reservations via OpenTable for 7:30PM but arrived early and was seated immediately. The setup of the restaurant is classic bistro but not crowded. We chose several dishes from the menu to enjoy and each one was prepared exceedingly well, though french fries were over salted. The service was well paced and classic. The wait staff extremely well trained and mannered. Everything about Bouchon screams excellence.
5	One of the best restaurants  I've ever been to. Went with my gf and my sister. Awesome service with great recommendations. The bone marrow dish was amazing. Truffle fries I would also say were probably the best fries I've ever had. The French Onion soup was basically like drinking a steak. It was so rich and incredible. Overall a must visit if you live in Las Vegas.
4	Bouchon is THE place I take my dearest friends and family to celebrate "special" occasions!  Love the fact that they have a separate elevator that takes you directly to the restaurant from the parking garage so you don't have to walk through the casino.  Depending on the hours of the day, expect to wait as they do not take reservations.  Their bread (with phenomenal butter and jam) is a great way to start the meal!  I love their coffee... it is always strong but the temperature can be hotter, in my opinion.  I LOVE their Saumon Fume (smoked salmon with petite baguette, chive cream cheese, red onion, tomato, & capers)!  4 out of 5 times, I will order that dish as you can NEVER go wrong!  I've tried the Hachis de Boeuf (corned beef hash served with two eggs) and all sort of their omelet specials of the day but l will always regret that I didn't order my Saumon Fume!  Why did I give Bouchon 4 stars versus 5?!  The truth is... it's the people working there.  Not sure what it is but the employees NEVER smile!  The front desk hostesses (there are always 2-3 of them) are always busy talking to each other.  They NEVER smile and always give you that "pissed-off" look like you are such a burden when you arrive.  As for the servers ...  Well,... to be honest, I think I only had ONE GREAT experience with a gentleman while the rest of them are just "order takers".  For such a fancy restaurant, you would think that they would be happier to give you a 5-star service dining experience.  I laugh when they give you the check and on the bottom of the bill, there's the tips suggestion:  18%  is $xx.xx/ 20%  is $xx.xx... Um, I'm sorry!  Being in the service industry myself, please note that gratuity is not an entitlement!  It has to be earned.  Just saying...
3	I came here for brunch and I wasn't impressed. With the amount of stars yelpers reviewed it I expected a lot more. I got waffles and eggs benedict. Both were ok. The eggs benedict was cooked pretty well with the inside egg perfectly cooked at the right point of runnyness but the hollandaise sauce tasted average. Also I would advise against ordering any girly cocktails. None of them tasted good. Get your drinks elsewhere. On the bright side I liked how there's patio seating and how the sunlight floods into the restaurant from the windows in the mornings.
5	We have become slight regulars here when we have our mini stay cations.  Every time besides 1 we have had excellent service.  (not going to dock for one rude comment by one server, one time when we were there beyond closing entertaining guests)  All most every time we can be seated almost immediately.  The hosted are nice and accommodating and water is brought promptly.We keep coming back because the ambiance is so soothing even when the place is paced to noise is spread so it is never loud.  The servers are well versed in the menu and are always fast and efficient, if they don't have an answer they will find a answer.They have a large wine collection to choose from and a nice scotch for the man.  I usually splurge because when we come here and have cosmos because we are not driving.  The cosmos are perfect not to strong and not a vodka cranberry!  They have a well stocked bar and many specialty drinks for those who prefer others.We are not big on ordering dinners here because we like to get a selection of our favorites.  We love to get a plate of oysters they usually have a west coast and east cost selection so if you have a preference you should be covered.  We like the west coast oyster but have a few favorites from the east as well.  If you don't know ask they will help you decide! We also get a Fromages (cheese plate) one mild soft for me and tow of the smellier the better for him.  The usually do good but he would prefer even stinkier! Foie Gras either a plate or a tub of the butter (a small tub is to much for two people) both options are really delicious. We usually get Truffle Pommes Frites (french fries) but the didn't have them last time so sad so we will have to find something new next time.We have gotten many other things but these are our favorites, the menu does change and has changed so just go for it.  Every thing we have had has been good.
5	Yep, go ahead and go to Bouchon! The restaurant is very pretty and the service is exceptional. Our server was named Gary and he was a extremely professional and helpful. The french onion soup, the french fries with truffle oil and the chocolate mouse are a must! The escargot and bone marrow were good but, I've had better. Over all, we thoroughly enjoyed Bouchon and we will return.
5	We had an unbelievable meal here. Started at the bar and were helped by the Cicerone bartender. When seated, we started with deviled eggs and pate. The pate was out of this world. Great accompaniments. Then we had the escargot, which was amazing, very true to the French style preparation. We split the steak frites with a side of cauliflower gratin. Service was great, atmosphere is a great break from the craziness on the strip. Highly recommend!
4	Our friends have been raving about this place, every time they come to Vegas they have brunch here.  So they wanted us to experience this place and me, being a green horned foodie in training, was looking forward to the experience.  It was what I expected with impeccable service and a place to live in the moment and enjoy each bite.  We order the pastry basket, American breakfast, chicken and waffles and shared them all and the gravy for the chicken had bits of bacon and chives - among the four of us which was plenty for a light breakfast.  Tip for the brunch, come early as we came at 9 AM and there was no waiting.  But by the time we left, long waits.  So enjoy the experience, come early!  All were delightful and I normally don't eat a big breakfast so sampling these dishes was just perfect for my small appetite.  I can't wait to come here for dinner to try the mussels!
4	Wonderful spot for brunch. Sitting just by the big French doors facing the garden elevates the whole atmosphere of Bouchon to the next level. Baked goods, freshly made butter, and seasonally house made jam were all too delicious for words. However, when it comes to the plated food options I just expected a little something more for a place that bears the Thomas Keller fame.
4	We were very happy with our food and service.  Will definitely be going back.
3	This location is fairly hard to find. It's located next to The Venetian Theater, behind the escalators. It's a very limited menu compared to the other location by The Venetian Clock Tower. Most of the items are sold out as people going to/from the theater or from the casino buys items from here for convenience and none of the pastries are made here on-site since it's literally a tiny stand. No seating available as it's a take-and-go location. The items here didn't look as good as the other location as well (like they've been sitting out for quite some time).I came here to get the macrons but they had only three flavors left and all looked old. Since they didn't have the flavor I wanted, I went to the other location. Great place if you need something quick to eat or a coffee, but if you're looking for a specific item, I highly suggest going to The Venetian Clock Tower location.
3	I didn't dislike this place, but it was exceedingly average, and definitely below par for a 'fancy Vegas restaurant' attached to a famous chef. Highlights: - some of the best oysters I've had in my life. We got 3 each of East and West coast oysters, and they were both delicious. - drinks were on point. I ordered a girly raspberry liquor-based drink which was fruity but not TOO sweet. Boyfriend said the Manhattans were impeccable. And that's it. The bone marrow was pretty good, but forgettable. Both of our main courses - steak and a salmon-based special - were not bad but extremely average. There are a bunch of lower maintenance and lower-priced restaurants in LA with better food than this. Overall, dead average. I wouldn't recommend this place to a friend (unless they wanted a meal of 100% oysters and nothing else), but I wouldn't wince in sympathy if I heard they'd gone here either.
5	Bouchon may have ruined me for all other brunches. It's just too good! We started with half a dozen oysters on the half shell, followed by the roasted chicken with bacon/chive waffles, and the white sausage with scrambled eggs and croissant, washed down with a spicy bloody mary.Oh-hohhh boy. Absolute perfection. Every part of it. Every single bite. Every little sip.A perfect brunch.
5	Dining at Bouchon is always a special treat! I have yet to have the pleasure of coming here for dinner, but I'm a big fan of their weekend brunch. I've celebrated my birthday here and took the day off from work to do so - which was totally worth it. They do not take reservations for brunch, so you have to come and give your name, but I've never waited too long. Even during my bachelorette party weekend, where they said the table for 8+ was 45 minutes, we got seated in 10 minutes. If there is a wait, they have a cute little seating area and usually pastries for you to sample. They have some daily specials, like a quiche of the day or soup of the day. Their quiches are perfectly soft and pillowy on the inside. I'm actually not a huge fan of their chicken & bacon chive waffles, but since everyone else raves about them, don't let my opinion stop you. One of my must orders is a side of fries - though I do wish they gave slightly bigger portions of ketchup and mayo, I always feel like such a classless fool when I have to ask for more. If you're with a larger group of people, the pastry basket is always a nice way to start off brunch as well while your entrees come in. I was so hungover and sick during the morning of my bachelorette weekend, I couldn't enjoy eating here. I sustained myself on ginger ale and their tasty cauliflower soup, while i watched everyone enjoy their mussels and steaks. I did have some of the foie gras that was ordered for the table - amazingly silky, and a big hit with all the Californians. I was so jealous of everyone's enjoyment, my husband and I ate here the next weekend so I could enjoy Bouchon like how it's meant to be enjoyed. I actually prefer sitting inside since it's beautifully decorated. The outside patio is right next to the pool and some bodies are just not meant to be looked at while you eat brunch. Their champagne cocktails are all really interesting, so you don't have to be basic and get a mimosa, there are a ton of other options. One of my favorite things to eat here is actually complimentary - I love eating their warm baguettes with the mustard on the table while my husband prefers spreading jam and butter on it. I will  definitely be back here several more times and hopefully get to enjoy their dinner menu soon.
3	We had lunch today and after reading all reviews and watching commercials about this restaurant I was a little bit disappointed. I had their famous mussels and they were tasteless, but a lot. My husband had turkey burger with french fries.He said that franch fries from McDonalds tastes better :-)The most I liked from dining experience in this restaurant is peach jam, butter and baguette. Maybe dinner is better here, but I won't go back.
5	We always come here for pasteries every time we come to Vegas and spend abou $60 on things like chocolate crossaints, cheese danish, apple tart, almond crossaints, macaroons (sea salt and caramel), and cakes.  Omg, they are all excellent!  If only we could get our drinks quicker. Forget about ordering coffee, you'll be waiting just as long as when you purchased your pasteries.
4	If you're staying at Venetian, it's hard to eat anywhere else for brunch. I mean... this place was literally on our way out of the room. They have a nice patio surrounded by fountains, and the omelets are different every day ;)
5	The best foie gras ever. Amazing meal, worth the hype. Impeccable service!
2	High on pretension.  Service mediocre.  Limited breakfast menu.  Poached eggs were completely overlooked.  Presentation was minimal.  Very overpriced.
3	OK, I'm spoiled - I live within a 10 minute drive from the original Bouchon. So no, this is not as good as that one! I had brunch, by myself, at the bar. Had a nice cappuccino, followed by a glass of champagne. I had a sausage dish. When it came out, it was raw in the middle. They swiftly took it away and brought out a fresh "well cooked" dish. It was just "ok". I didn't finish it, and left with a meh feeling. I would go back to have dinner or lunch, though. Staff was efficient and friendly. Courtyard outside is nice for relaxing and enjoying your coffee and a pastry. People in Vegas tend to forget what the outside is like, unless they are poolside. So, the courtyard is a real treat.
4	Delicious French libations and food fare, everything was decent or better. The Bouchon Burger, pastries, and Croquet Madame were savory midday snacks. Definitely have the truffle fries, rockin'. If you are disappointed by any portion of your meal, they'll fix it. So service and food make this food experience worth the price.
5	OH my gosh the chicken and waffles. Seriously. I have had fried chicken and waffles before, but this roasted chicken was just so. much. better. And the waffle....savory and fluffy and amazing. The smoked salmon rillettes were amazing, as well. And on top of all the fantastic food, the service was impeccable. This will be a must for me every time I'm in Vegas!
5	On a trip to Vegas with friends I was tasked with finding a restaurant for dinner. I choose Thomas Keller's Bouchon.  We had a bit of difficulty locating the restaurant inside of the Venetian. Despite arriving on time for our reservation, we did end up waiting for a bit to be seated. The space is lovely. There is a narrow bar area with large mirrors and high tops tables separated partitioned from the main dining area. The service was excellent, the meal even more so. The food arrived beautifully presented. Our group had the steak, the chicken and a lamb that was a special entree. I had the steak with sauteed spinach instead of French fries. I am glad that I did as the garlicky spinach was great. The steak was buttery, cooked perfectly, cut easily for the pink center, and went well with the suggested wine. I tried my friend's chicken. The entire dish was good but the sauce was amazing. Bits of thick cut, rich bacon added to the flavor. Even the brussel sprouts were good. The portions were large but not overwhelming. We split their version of cheesecake for dessert. It came "farm chic" style in a small mason jar. The cheesecake was creamy and delicious, the perfect ending to a meal.I recommend the experience to others.
5	Bouchon is a great restaurant with exceptional staff.  As a Californian, I have to come here for my Foie Gras fix!
4	We make trips to Las Vegas often to play and to visit family and our trip never ends without going to Bouchon. The setting is very nice with a few seating options. Regular tables, high tops, the bar, and  outside tables that overlook the pool. If the weather is amenable, choose the outside raised patio seating, you'll be glad you did. The coffee is to die for and it never ends. They offer you some more to take with you. You drink it and ask for more. You drink that too. You get the picture- it's really good coffee. On our latest visit, we had a french toast for my special lady, the mad Russian, and I had the corned beef hash with eggs. We ordered a Bloody Mary - not because we needed them- but because they make them really well here.The service is always top-notch and everyone is eager to help and is warm and friendly. When you happen to go to the Venetian, make sure you stop in and have a bite to eat and tell them that the patron saint of the martini sent you.
5	Went there for my wife's birthday celebration and enjoyed their wonderful brunch menu. Everything from start to finish was spot on. Our waiter Doug went out of his way to ensure our experience was amazing. His service and personable touches added to our enjoyment.  Nice atmosphere,  Excellent food, and Impeccable service. What more can I say? Thank you for a memorable time!
5	Sourdough waffles were delicious.  Chicken and bacon waffles were amazing.Great service at the bar. Espresso and mocha were spot on.
5	The best brunch on the strip!!!Since they don't take reservations for brunch but recommend coming in earlier to avoid longer wait, I along with my friends got there around 9:30 and were seated within a few mins.From the first moment you step on you can feel the cheerful/bright ambiance. Service, decor, and creativity all are bound to win your heart.The food is definitely authentic french and hence even the French toast aren't the traditional ones you get at the American brunch restaurants. Not to say it was anything short of delicious.Overall I had a great time and can't wait to get back for round 2 the next time I'm in that city.
5	This place exceeded my expectations. I came for a quick brunch not expecting much but I was blown away by the great atmosphere! I felt like I was in a cafe in Europe. The service was friendly and helpful. I have never had chicken and waffles before but after seeing it many times on the food network I decided to try it and I'm so happy I did! I'm not sure about chicken and waffles elsewhere but here they are great! I would return again just for that dish. The various coffees are made to order and any pastry you try from here is exquisite. I highly recommend for breakfast or brunch
4	The entrees were dissapointing. The soups, salads and other sides that I tried were good. I have been to Bouchon 3 or 4 times, I live in LV so we came for my birthday.Do not get the gnocchi, you will be so sadly disappointed. It ruined my night, I feel like I want to cry about it, but I was too shy to say anything and embarrass the guy I was with. They're not soft at all, extremely dry when I had them. They do not taste handmade. DO NOT ORDER the gnocchi, the only thing good about them was the goat cheese on top. I hope I can at least help someone else not make the same mistake I did...The lamb steak was delicious but very tough and not pleasant to chew, it came rare.The pistachio ice cream is very unique and very very good.Our waiter was great though :)I gave the restaurant 4 instead of 3 stars because I don't like to make their ratings go down.
3	I had brunch here and found the food to be pretty average. I am not sure if I was supposed to order a specific breakfast item but I went with the daily special omelet which had filet. It tasted fine but wasn't anything to write home about. The omelet was actually quite bland and lacked seasoning. I also didn't enjoy the beignets as they were way too sweet and weren't moist enough.
5	Came back here longing for its beignets. Decided to have chicken and waffle also....food heaven! The best chicken ever. Cooked to perfection, tender, and perfectly seasoned. Everything else was also delectable. One of Vegas must visits.
5	Best restaurant in Vegas! I came here with my boyfriend for his birthday. We've heard great things about this place and the recommendations were on point. I order the seafood tower, the pate, salmon spread and the French onion soup. The seafood tower consisted of 1 lobster,  raw oysters from both coasts, raw clams,  mussles and shrimp. The oysters and clams were briny and perfect. The shrimp was half the size of the lobster tail. The pate came with roasted bread, radishes, spinach leaves and mustard. The salmon spread came with toasted baguette slices. It was thick like cream cheese but smooth when gliding on the baguettes. Talk about two savory spreads.They did not need any sauces for flavor. The Great service and ambiance. Will definitely come again!
5	Great brunch spot, game here to meet some friends while visiting town. Prices are reasonable and food is fantastic!!
4	Celebrity chef Thomas Keller brings his famous Napa restaurant to The Venetian Las Vegas.  The food was amazing.  We had the Croque Madame which I found out is a grilled ham & cheese sandwich on brioche with a fried egg & sauce Mornay, served with French fries.  We also had the oatmeal which they forgot to bring out with a spoon which is a miss for a place like Bouchon.  Took a while to flag someone down to get a spoon too.  Then we discovered it was missing the glazed pears.  The waitress sorted it out and kindly brought us another one even though we only expected to get some glazed pears on the side.  To make up for their mistake, they offered us a bottle of some special filtered water they have.Overall, good food in a nice French bistro environment.
3	I don't know if I'm reviewing the right restaurant because the Bouchon Bakery and Bouchon Restaurant are completely different entities. One thing that turned me off is that I called the number listed on this Yelp listing to make a reservation for Bouchon Restaurant. To my dismay, the person that answered the phone said I had dialed Bouchon Bakery and could not help me whatsoever. I kindly asked her if she could redirect me to Bouchon Restaurant but she immediately snapped at me and said she could not help at all. Being the passive aggressive person I am, I was shocked at how caddy she responded to me and told her to have a "nice rest of the day" even though I wanted her to experience the exact opposite. A bit of a bad experience to start off the night, but I ended up making a reservation just fine.Going into the actual review of the restaurant, I can say it was an average experience. Coming from a immigrant Taiwanese family, my parents and I aren't too accustomed with the palate of authentic French cuisine. Unfamiliar with the menu, my parents were initially confused with what to order, but the waiter was more than willing to help explain the nuances of each dish.My father ended up ordering the Leg of Lamb, my mother ended up ordering the Salmon and I ordered the Steak with Fries. Each of our dishes were accompanied with a French Onion soup.Our dishes came out fairly quickly, and my mom was ecstatic to try the French Onion soup (one of her favorite French dishes). Her first reaction was "Wow this is really salty." My father followed suit. Maybe it's the fact that both of my parents suffer some sort of Heart Disease or High Cholesterol that they are so sensitive to high sodium dishes. It got so bad for my mom that she had to add her glass of water to the soup to assuage the sodium. A bit embarrassing, but that's the length some people go...Each of our main entrees were fairly good. My father's Lamb was tender and full of flavor. My Steak was a bit on the salty side, but literally melted in my mouth and was cooked to the PERFECT medium rare. My mother's Salmon was so-so. Cooked to a perfect medium rare, my family loved the texture of the Salmon (along with the color). The only turn off was the saltiness of the capers. Considering that most French meals are supposed to be accompanied with wine, I totally understand the sodium level of their dishes. But WOW, I don't usually complain about salt, but those capers were extremely salty.Aside from all of that, Bouchon Restaurant was an enjoyable experience. The staff was super helpful and constantly refilled our water (a problem I constantly face with other restaurants). Although this restaurant may not fit my family's palate, the management of this establishment is superb. I would give them 4 stars, but the experience I had with the lady from Bouchon Bakery will always leave a stale taste in my mouth.
4	This is for Bouchon restaurant not the bakery:Wonderful place for brunch and dinner. Look at my pictures for reference!I have yet to try their chicken and waffles (must try next), but everything I have ordered, did not disappoint. Staff is very friendly and customer service deserves two thumbs up.Standard pricing for Vegas restaurants. I recommend making a reservation through open table beforehand vs. showing up. I hear how people wait over an hour for a table and that is just no bueno!Romantic and intimate ambiance, plus for large groups, they have a private room which was really nice to dine in.
4	The wait wasn't too bad at all. Went here for brunch and the food was a lot and ok tasting :) I just came to get this off my restuarant list in Vegas . I would come back to try their dinner menu
2	I don't usually write reviews, but I had to say something about this place. We ate here Christmas Eve and, I must say, it was disappointing. We arrived for our 8 pm reservation and were told by the hostess there were "a few groups ahead of us," so there would be a wait...which was confusing, since the whole point of making a reservation was to avoid that. In any case, she recommended we have a seat at the bar and they would get us when they were ready. We then waited at an almost empty bar for over 20 minutes (not exaggerating) while the bartender walked back and forth in front of us without taking our drink order. We finally got our drinks right before the hostess came to get us for our table (almost 8:40)...so off to a very bad start, but we figured the food would be worth it.Wrong. We ordered the oysters (which were actually quite good) and the black truffle risotto, which was a special of the night. It was well cooked, but completely underwhelming. My date and I both agreed it was actually quite bland, as if the chef was content to let the truffles do all the work that seasoning usually would. I had the braised leg of lamb, which was a squishy consistency I could barely cut with my steak knife. I honestly couldn't finish it. My date ordered the chicken, which by comparison to everything else, was the highlight of our food choices (if I had to eat here again, that's what I'd order). We topped off the evening with a clumsy apple crisp and the brownie bouchons, which were honestly not as good as some of the brownies I've made from a box mix. Based on our experience, the ONLY good things about the restaurant were the ambience and our server, James, who, despite the fact our food was consistently coming out 5-10 minutes after the couple next us' (who came in after us), kept us engaged and entertained. I won't go back and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I have tremendous respect for Chef Keller's accomplishments, so I can only surmise he's not really paying much attention to this restaurant, as it seemed more likely to be a Gordon Ramsey Hell's Kitchen project than a Michelin rated artist's endeavor.
5	Someone at Yelp should fix the business name - people write reviews for Bouchon on this entry, not for Bouchon Bakery.I have experienced both multiple times and I have no problem giving them both 5 stars, so it would work for me (lol) but still, I really think we need to spin off Bouchon Bakery from Bouchon to avoid further confusion.
2	Food was fine. Service was slow and terrible. Very disappointed because we had our best meal of our lives here a few years ago and brought out friends here because of it. I'm not sure we will ever be back. We should have known something was up once the waiter asked us if we had any time constraints. He completely ignored us. We were served bread before we even ordered. Our appetizers came before the cocktails we ordered well before them. The water filler found them waiting for us on the bar, they had been there a while. The waiter not once asked how our food was. We were there almost 3 hours. He never asked about drink refills, we had to track him down to order anything. We wanted dessert but were too tired and didn't want to wait another hour for him to take our order and then forget it in the window for a while. The waiter was odd, I asked him about the salads and he said something weird about not wanting to sell too many salads to our table so that he could sell us desserts instead. He upsold my husband for a truffle upgrade to his fries. They came without truffles, so he fixed the error, but he got them 3O minutes after the rest of his food, then still charged him full price. Very very disappointed to have had this service at such an upscale place. I expect much more if I'm going to spend that kind of money. The best service was from the water filler, who kept searching for our food and drinks that our waiter couldn't be bothered to worry about.
5	Made an effort to try a Thomas Keller restaurant and was not disappointed at all. Highly recommended!! We had the croque madame and its one of the best I've had. The monay sauce was not overwhelming, the rich melted cheese goes well with the ham and the brioche was perfectly made. Generous portions of well cooked fries! Will definitely come back!
5	(This is for the restaurant, not the bakery.)Seriously one of the best breakfasts I have ever eaten. SO good!My boyfriend and I went here on a Saturday morning. There was a wait so we decided to just sit in the bar area. We sat at a high top for at least 10 minutes and no one came to our table. So the bartender invited us to sit at the bar and offered to take care of us, which she did!We started with an order of the beignets. We wanted the special raspberry ones but they were sold out so we went for the standard spiced. They were good but not the best I've had, which was surprising. I expected them to be better. But the rest of the food made up for them!I had the French toast - which had a seasonal pumpkin flavor with fresh cranberries. This is definitely French-style French toast. It's more like bread pudding than bread so it's very dense. It was melt in your mouth delicious. My boyfriend had the croque madame which came with French fries. It was delicious as well. The bread was fresh, the egg cooked perfectly and the ham was flavorful. The fries were thin, crispy and yummy. We ate every bite of both breakfasts.So even though we had a little bit of a rough start, in the end we left very satisfied. I would highly recommend Bouchon!
2	Didn't live up to its Yelp rating. It's so hard to find. Casino direction was not clear. We went there for Brunch. We had the famous Croque Madame and French Toast. The Croque Madame was good, but not worth the price tag. French Toast was too moist and lack flavors. The wait was an hour, if it was not for the Roulette Table that kept me busy, I would not have waited.
5	This place was a gem, literally.It's hidden in Venetian, guest room 10th floor.Wait wasn't too long, but only walk ins are allowed for brunch so make sure you snack before going.I had the infamous croquet madame.It was deliciously moist and the fries were awesome.Not the best comparison, but everyone knows how Mcdonald fries are hard to resist... it tasted just like it, with the exception this was made from real potatoes.My bf got the corned hash, which was hearty and filling. Friend had lobster benedict, a special of the day.  She approved, which is hard to come by.  Her husband had the dish where you have a little of everything, eggs, pastry, drink, and breakfast meat... we wouldn't recommend it as it was just so plain compared to other fabulous dishes you can gorge on.  Sticky cinnamon pecan bun was nutty and the orange juice tasted freshly squeezed.Awesome brunch place! A must visit spot.
2	had family in town this weekend so I had to suffer the strip.  went to bouchon for brunch.  the place was packed and I was impressed with the precision of the staff.  I had CB Hash.  like everything at bouchon, it was perfectly respectable.  the CB was tender but lacked in tangy yumminess.  it also lacked in potatoes and crustiness. the one thing that was really off-putting on this trip was when we ordered a side of fries the server asked if we would care to make them truffle fries for a "small upcharge"?  my bad for not asking how small.  I think the fries were $5 and the upcharge was an additional $13.  when questioned, the server removed the charge without hesitation but the experience made me feel like a cheap-ass and left me with a bad overall experience of the place.  just put the price on the menu if you're that proud of your truffle fries.
3	Bouchon ... Smmooochon ... I had higher expectations for this place.  Went here for brunch with some friends while in Vegas.  I ordered the Croque Madame which was about average.  The egg was perfectly cooked with the yolk breaking the way I like.  Toasted Ham & Cheese with a side of fries ... I ate the whole thing but was left wanting more.  The beignets were okay since I compare everything to Cafe Du Monde.Just another overpriced restaurant in Vegas.
4	We always make sure we stop at Bouchon if we go to Las Vegas. Getting a reservation was easy using Open Table even on Christmas Eve.The house bread is delicious because it's always fresh and warm. For an appetizer, we usually get the Salmon Rillette. I saw it on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations and decided to try it. I don't regret it! If you love salmon, it's an amazing spread. My sisters love the foie gras here, but I can pass. I'm not a foie gras fan.Depending on the specials, my two go to dishes are the flat iron steak and the duck confit. If you love stuck, you can't go wrong with the flat iron and the price is reasonable. It's tender and very flavorful. As for the duck confit, I can actually order it as an entree. I usually stuff myself over appetizers that the duck is a good size for me. The preparation changes depending on the season. This time, I had it with fresh mustard and Brussels Sprouts. Nice and crunchy! Last time I had it, I had it on top of mashed potatoes and it came with some wine sauce. It's always good!All in all, great restaurant, very consistent. You can find it in the Venezia towers at the Venetian! Until next time Bouchon...
3	Ugh. The croque madame is overrated. But if I'm ordering bread with ham & cheese, slathered in fat with a side of fried fat, maybe I shouldn't be complaining. ^_^Service was meh; very slow. I don't think I'll be rushing to eat here again. I much prefer the bakery :3
5	Had to post this because had such a memorable dinner here for NYE. Love Bouchon for the obvious that I'm sure everyone else stated before. Thomas Keller with that Bistro more affordable feel. The meal we had though took it over the top. If you watch a lot of food shit on television than you can see how I was so brainwashed into what we indulged in tonight. Key words: fresh bread, fresh seafood, foie gras, and TRUFFLES!!Started with that amazing bread they bring out baked fresh onsite that reminds you of daily breakfast strolling the streets of Paris. Crusty on outside and chewy soft inside. Rub that housemate butter and dijon mustard. Yes!Next we shared an assortment of the oysters available. Fuck the freshness is so damn good. Yes, you pay for them here and yes it's the same anywhere else but I love it when it's fresh.Next had the escargot and crispy duck leg. Escargot is wonderful because of all the butter. What was a nice touch was the pastry baked on top. Loved it. Crispy duck leg was too salty and didn't enjoy it. Would have been really good based on how it was cooked but just added to much salt to it. Some Pinot Noir to wash it down and get ready for what's next. Pan seared Foie Gras. Woo Hoo. Damn this was so rich and amazing. I just prefer it seared in its natural fatty goodness over the mousse option which I'm sure is wonderful too. I want to just eat this with their bread. What a treat. Felt guilty eating it but you're in Vegas.Also with the Foie Gras they brought out a Ribeye with fries. Your "Steak Frites" but a ribeye and we added TRUFFLES. For the night you could add Truffles to anything for $25. Damn I wish I just paid $25 and added it to everything. Please add it to my bread, salad, soup, oysters.. You get the point. Now I understand why all the chefs on TV go so nuts over this stuff. To experience true truffles cut and sliced over your food... Wow. If you have a chance to experience this, please let go and do it. What an amazing experience and it just exemplified to me what Vegas is all about. I heard that Jose Andres does a good Truffle showing at Bazaar too. On a side note, I was sad that the Croque Madame wasn't on the menu tonight. Probably because it was New Years Eve but I would have still ordered it with all the food we got and would have and could have and should have added TRUFFLES!!
3	(note, this is for the restaurant) Yes, it's overpriced. It's Vegas. It's a famous place. It's just how it is.The food was good quality. Not the best I've ever had, but good. The ambiance is "noisy french bistro" which is kind of fun.It's a good restaurant but not up to the hype.
4	Food was delicious. Ordered:- duck confit - very good- bone marrow - amazing- lamb - delicious, I don't even like lamb but this was perfect and not gamey- mussels- good- crepes Suzette- wonderful Took off 1 star for service. A bit pretentious and slow. Otherwise this was not a disappointment.
4	Just stopped by for Wine.  a lovely bar, quiet and discreet.  Somehow managed to never stop by this part of the hotel before.  Expensive but worth it.
4	This review is for dinner at the restaurant on NYE.First off- had an awesome, awesome server. I believe his name was Danny? He spent so much time with us analyzing the menu, giving suggestions, and checking in on us. He was great!!Overall, we really liked the food. The truffle fries were absolutely amazing (and I always like truffle, but sometimes feel like it's not worth the price). But these were incredible. My steak frites and sides of Brussels sprouts and mushrooms were tasty, but I didn't love my dining companion's scallops. They tasted a little on the fishy side to me.The bread to start was delicious, and I can't remember dessert for the life of me (safe to say it was fairly unmemorable I guess?)
4	I hovered between 3 and 4 stars.  I went here three times on this trip, first time, wine at the bar, a quiet night with four people, was a good spot.  Second time wine and truffle fries at the bar, nice and quiet, The truffle fries are indeed heavily truffled and I could not eat them, my date swore they were frozen fries as they were just all to perfectly cut but I like to think not. Third time here was a maelstrom CES night.  We started at the bar 5 of us and closed the barbill around $600.  There was a seafood platter in there somewhere for $115, grossly overpriced for what it was and not very appetizing.  We sat to dinner and rocked another $600.  With clients I had not worked with for 15 years, it was a heck of a reunion.  Foie Gras was delish and Kevin's streak was perfection, for $57 it ought to be.  The lemon tart is the best ever.  Service was excellent but I do prefer smaller and more intimate places, the volume was crazy.
5	Best meal of our trip. The best service we received. We sat inside and our coffee was never half empty at anytime. The place was pretty empty when we went so that might attribute to it but I would definitely pay the high prices for this restaurant again.
