4	Tao Beach officially opens May 4th 2007. In a secret covert operation we were able to infiltrate a preopening  party. I've got to say it's badass! The section of Tao beach is sectioned off from the regular Venetian pool and is labled by Orange tents and decor. There are strategic Buddha statues throughout the property. Just behind the pool sits the DJ booth where the get jiggy with it. (yea I'm hip) The bar is definitely Tao prices. VERY Pricey! They have lots of places to sit and sun, also the cabanas feel like living rooms with their 42-50 inch plasma tvs, fridges, and they're putting in Xboxes from what I understand. WTF? Go to Vegas, watch TV at the pool and play XBOX? Well cool concept. But I can do that at home? Yes you pay for ambiance and being around beautiful people. Lets face it - you got money to piss away. This is the place for you. Not the most affordable place. But this year. Rehab is gonna have a run for it's money. Like Skin, Bare, Tao Beach, BTW did you know it's pronounced "da"? Definitely good times. At night they change the configuration to more of a nightclub feel with a floating dancefloor.On an update - Cabanas are 250 - Sunday - Friday.500 on Saturday
4	Great atmosphere. Love the orange tents and the general decor of the place. The "poolside" cocktail and the Sake Sangria are yum yummy and I had one too many when I went there. It's definitely a see and be seen kinda place. Lots of eye candy and women can go topless if they want. I had just missed a bunch of girls from Scores when I went and this was about 4pm on a Friday. Besides me for celebrities there was K-Fed. That guy follows me everywhere. ;)Oh and right now the prices for cabanas and chairs are less than they will be. I hear they'll start charging for chairs - about $20 each- especially on the weekends. Cabanas will hit $1000/ day soon.Keep in mind if you're a dude, don't come with a bunch of other dudes because you won't get in. The club wants to keep a good ratio of women there (like 50 to 60%) so it's a comfortable fun place where they can go topless. A group of 10 guys on their own is NOT going to get in.
5	I've been to Vegas a few times, and I honestly think this was the best event that I've ever been too. Better than Tao, Pure, and all those other over-hyped clubs.  Although my review may be a bit bias since I have not been to other pool parties like Rehab.  I highly doubt other pool parties compare to Tao Beach.The event is located in a secluded area within the Venetian pool yard.  There are bungalows surrounding the pool and tanning area.  I went on the weekend before the grand opening, the girl to guy ratio was 3 to 1.  There were so many beautiful women I thought I was in heaven.    It's definitely a place that you must check if you have the money to spend.  Our bungalow was 700+ so expect to pay the price for the environment.  The DJ was great, he was mixing hip hop/electronic the whole time.  At one point during the day, everyone was standing up with a drink in their hand dancing.  If you plan on going on Vegas anytime soon, reserve a table and experience it yourself. To sum it up, TaoBeach is a topless pool party with beautiful people and excellent bottle service. This event is a MUST, check it out next time your in Vegas.
3	Tao Beach is apparently the extension of Tao nightclub and restaurant for the summer hours. I really can't imagine the beach being open for fall...but maybe...actually no, I'm pretty sure it's not. It is a refreshing bit of air in an otherwise stuffy nightclub. The outdoor area is still pretty packed, but the wait staff seems easier to access and much nicer all around. The music is loud, but maybe because it's not blaring in their ears, they can hear your order more clearly, I don't know. Anyway...I really enjoyed Tao beach because it is one of the only "pool" parties where the majority of the night owls aren't in bikinis...sorry guys!
3	Tao beach is a beautiful space on an otherwise yucky rooftop. The view is spectacular and unlike anything in Vegas. The service is good and for all these new pools opening up that cater to the young club crowd, this one is defiantly one of the better ones. The colors and design look like interior spaces and the cabana beds are super comfy. This is a little bigger than some of the other small pool projects.I would much rather go to this outdoor space than a stuffy nightclub any day!!
4	Beautiful setting, Hot Honeys everywhere, decent libations, great grooves a bit on the small side.  Took a couple of clients there last Sunday. We had a cabana that was so comfortable that one of my clients slept almost the entire time we were there. OK for the record I picked him up at the Rhino just prior to going to Tao Beach at 11am. Bloodshot and bleary eyed with strippers phone numbers falling out of every pocket he wanted to go back to his room until I told him about Tao Beach. He managed to persevere though he slept most of the time. The service here is top notch. Between the cocktail server and the runner we were never without anything. At one point the runner noticed that my shades needed a cleaning and whipped out his chamois out of his pocket and wiped them down nice and clean. Now that's service.The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is it's too small.
4	I love TAO BEACH, and I mean LOVE!First of all, NO COVER. That's unheard of, but it did help I walked in with 7 other ladies. There were two pools and two full bars, with one main bar. Ladies walking around just waiting to take your drink order. I loved the Sake Sangria, it was soooo good. And I did also try the Raspberry Mojito - both drinks were so refreshing and perfect for a Saturday afternoon at the pool! The music was great. Excellent mix of house beats and hip hop... so fun! Additionally, the best part was when it got too hot there were cabana boys walking around handing out freezing cold towels and if you're lucky they'll even throw some ice in the pool! My only complaint was by the time we were there (pretty early at 12pm) all the lounge chairs and cabanas were accounted for. They had a huge communal bed, but it sucked b/c you'd need to lay in the middle of about 15 people. Not ideal and so hard to crawl out.
3	the largest selection of HOT girls i've seen in one place!.. although the guys left something to be desired. mostly white people dancing around on lounge chairs or in pee-warm pools, drinking $12 cocktails and sucking on very phallic-like popsicles. music was great (although i dunno if that's the norm since paul oakenfold was spinning) but i'd much prefer just hanging out at the venetian main pool right outside for a nice cool-off/actually chat with friends instead of screaming over the music.tip: free for everyone before 2pm, happy hour at 5:30pm, and instead of going through the tao nightclub entrance (with punk-ass bouncers), go around to the venetian main pool entrance to get in for freee!
5	By far the best pool in Vegas....sweet bartenders & cocktail waitresses, great drinks and service.  Awesome DJ and hospitality...The poolside snacks were 4 star restaurant worthy.....beautiful happy people, not a lot of jersey muscle heads like a pool I will not mention....maybe they have not found it yet....heheh
4	Tao Beach was great! Its outside but they have heat lamps so you don't get cold. The people are really nice and the DJ was really good. The only thing that sucked was walking to the bathrooms. They have guards on the way and if you stop they yell at you and tell you to keep moving no one can stay in this area. You have to walk past the Venetian pools and I think their scared someone might fall in. But otherwise I think the club is great!
5	I absolutely loved Tao Beach. We had the best time there, service for VIP was great, and the staff was attentive and very pleasant. Very expensive but you get what you pay for.
5	We came to Tao for my sis-in-law's bachelorette. We requested table service in Tao but somehow ended up having a table outside at Tao Beach. We were really upset at first but the night turned out great. It was really fun to be outdoors for a change. I've had my many, crowded sweaty nights inside Tao before and it was nice to be able to drink, dance but also have fresh air. The major con is that the bathroom is far! You have to walk past the long pool and you can't chill in that area. If you have to use the restroom really bad, it sucks when you are in heels and have to walk so far. Overall it was a good experience.
3	UPDATE: the guy who was hella pissed off... a lil cray cray to be messin with this girl.. http://photos-b.ak.facebook.com/photos-ak-sf2p/v191/230/23/1204671/n1204671_39067553_5693.jpgfor serious!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------My first thought when I stepped through the entrance to Tao Beach, was, "Where's the sand?!.." My expression quickly turned into, "oOoooh.. pretty..." The space is incredibly gorgeous at night. They have heat lamps and seating around the dance floor. We bypassed the crazyass line, and our group arrived early enough and to see an empty dance floor slowly pack to the brim. We took advantage of getting in early to hover near the bar. Expensive drinks were expected, so we barely blinked at dropping an arm and both legs. The bartenders were also pretty friendly. I didn't see them later on in the night because it was way too packed near the bar. I could not imagine how they handled the crowd. I jinxed myself because when I was changing to go out, I thought, "What are the chances that someone would wear the exact same thing?" Good thing this place was packed! I didn't see that chick more than 2x and both times I didn't get a good look at her face. Hopefully, no one noticed either! (except my group who was super supportive) I've learned my lesson. Do not wear a distinctly patterned/cut dress you buy from Vegas to go clubbing in Vegas. That was a dumb move, Donna..!Oh yeah, this guy was hella pisssed when I accidentally spilled water on him while our group was squeezing our way out.. It was so packed that my arm was getting knocked constantly..  Almost got my ass kicked! Dude needs to chill..  "Es-ca-pe' ! "Use your ninja skills, Donna!Tao is the first club I've ever been to that had a LONGASS line to EXIT. Yes... exit... Oh.. and when I say exit, I mean it's not right down the stairs, through those doors.. Nope. The exit is over the hill, through the woods, past grandma's house, down the alley, 3 blocks down, make a right at the dumpster, turn around in a circle 5x counter-clockwise while holding your breath, closing your eyes, and pulling both ears... So obscure, they tell you to ask the next security guy you run into for directions.. Same for the bathroom I hear.. We waited longer in the line to exit than the line to get in, and holy crap, the line to get in when we left, was HELLA long.. No wonder there are horror stories about Vegas clubs/lines.. 1 star - rooftop awesomeness1 star - decor/ambiance1 star - good time mostly.We don't have a lot of rooftop clubs in sf, or rooftop anythings for that matter. I really enjoyed dancing and not being super sticky sweaty... Awesome!
4	during the day:fight for a spot to tan yourself.the pool is small and it was thick and murky (probably from all the sunscreen up in it)the drinks took forever to get to you!the lounge area was pretty comfortable.but there is construction going on behind you so it kinda ruins your tanning mood just a tad bit.at night:trance music galore.funny how the same spot you tanned at during the day has become a happening place for you to get hit on by guys.not as crowded but it takes a little bit of time to go back and forth from tao to tao beach.but the fresh air was totally nice!
5	This place was so fun.  On the roof of Tao at the Venetian-- has a sick pool, cabanas, a kind of middle eastern/oriental theme.  Got a table here and it was by far my best clubbing experience -- las vegas knows how to do it.  Money far better spent than at Marquee or Pink Elephant or any of the other standards.  Our server, Troy, was awesome.  Definitely the best table service I've had from a club-- they were really helpful, attentive, and fun to talk to.  It was also nice to be away from the hordes inside-- Tao beach was still crowded and fun but you weren't packed in like sardines (which isn't the case for the rest of the club).
3	3 stars only because it was windy as hellll..the stairs took forever to walk up, and no place to sit.. Nice decor though!!!
4	DAY TIME BEACH PARTY!! sort of..we stayed at the palazzo and were walking around and around to find a good pool. started out at palazzo pool and made our way over to the venetian pool.  then we noticed loud music coming from this area... tao beach!! there was a small line of fantastically hot people.  the bouncer asked us if we wanted to go in, and he let us right in, after I.D.ing us.  (21 over only, duh)  When we went inside, we grabbed some towels, and were instantly transported to a club/beach/oasis.  This place has a ridiculous amount of good looking people.  The girls are hot and the guys are beach body ready.  The music is loud, the pools are nice (spa, pool, lounge chairs,cabanas,  lounge bed-looking type of couches, tables, etc).  This place is not to be missed in the daytime.   The drinks are delicious.
5	YEAH!!!   WHAT?!?!?   OK!!!!HAHAH the only reason I say this is because we seen Lil John while we were there!  Although it's not even half the size of Rehab at the Hard Rock, this place was NICE!  Read Joanna E's review.....my sister loved it as well.No cover charge, but if you wanted to get a cabana ($750) or day beds ($400) ouch!  Lucky we went early enough where we got some seating next to the bar where you can layout, eat food and just get hammered!  Overpriced drinks and food, but I'd have to say it was worth it because of the decor and scenery!Perfect day to hang by the pool, NFL Draft was on, Lakers vs Nuggets was on and Lakers killed 'em.  What a way to spend a Saturday afternoon in Vegas!!
1	Went there on their opening Sunday afternoon chill sessions....Look at that hot girl with the nice curves and the nice round bootie!  Oh wait a minute....its a she-man!  Ewwww!  We came here as trophy hoochies (yea I know....I wasn't too keen on the idea..but my girls didn't mind) for some Chippendale stripper.  We get VIP and our own cabana so long as we look hot and make sexy dance moves on the chairs...as if we're in some rap video.  I'm thinking...fine...its Vegas, just give me a drink (not a lot since, one sip will probably get me drunk again from all the alcohol that's still in my system from the night before...)--one drink and I'll swing my bootie for you...After 45 minutes of standing around, waiting for both our stripper pimp and our cabana--we called it quits.  There was nowhere to sit, we looked like idiots just standing around and there was no one(WITH DEPTH) to talk to.  me:  Himuscle man and his muscle friend:  Hey (flex flex those nipple muscle)me:  You guys from around here?muscle tattooed man and his muscle tattooed friend:  Yea (flex flex)me:  Oh nice, can you recommend a good tattoo place?  Me and my girls wanna get tattoos this afternoon?muscle tattooed man and his muscle tattooed friend: I'm sorry what'd u say?Sigh....walked away and left them to their flexing.  Then snubbed them later on when they finally wanted to be our friends at the pool outside the club.  Oh..nooow you wanna be my friend now that I'm in my bikini?!We did have a happy ending to our story, we left Tao Beach, got a tan by the pool with a couple of chill guys who did nothing but make us laugh when they capped on the men wearing banana hammocks.So if you like that kind of stuff, a club full of people into themselves--then Tao Beach is the perfect afternoon Sunday chill session for you.  I'm from San Francisco, I need good conversation and GOOD music.
5	hmmmm..... what did I love about Tao Beach???  EVERYTHING!I couldn't get myself to leave this place even after being there for over 6 hours!  Our day started by getting there early so we had an awesome spot nex to the bar.  We tried for a Cabana but what we've learned was to reserve weeks before arrival....  next time...  No complaints though, since we landed a great spot where we were still able to watch the Laker game on a plasma.  It was really chill the first couple of hours, so we grabbed a bite and drank a little.  I tried the blackberry mojito for my first drink and it was never-ending after that...  the fruit mojitos there were to die for!  I've been craving it everyday since we left - how pathetic!  The music was definitely eclectic - started off with some Avril and Gwen, then off to some hip-hop, reggae, then house.  I had an awesome time!  To add to my excitement, we saw Lil' Jon and Dominico from MTV's That's Amore... I don't care much for these guys but celebrity sightings are always exciting.  What I really loved most?  Ever feel like just lying down and closing your eyes after a few drinks?  Of course you do.... but that's always a big No-No at the clubs, the bouncers would be all over you!  At Tao Beach, you can get drunk, lie down for a while, take a nap, if you please, wake up and drink some more.  What could be better than that?  Can't wait to come back!
3	Climbing fire exit stairs to the roof was not sexy.  Neither was that cheesy greeter girl with the Hawaaian outfit.  However I liked the setting outside.  We were there in April, so it had not warmed up yet.  It was easy enough to score a heat lamp so we could watch the train wreck that was 4 girls dressed in matching tops (worn as dresses) dancing on the couch.  Loved every minute of it. The only thing better then getting trashed and making a fool of yourself is watching someone else's downward spiral.I liked it.  I will be back.
4	This is based on a visit at night because I could see this place being a hot mess during the day...But it was SO much fun at night...not too crowded, and so nice to be outside so there was no issue with it being super stuffy.  It's nicely laid out with a big roomy bar towards the back and a smaller one off to the side, both being really easy to get a drink at.  I liked it better than Tao, the inside part, only because I found a nice ledge to sit on and people watch until I was nice and buzzed.  There were plenty of people willing to buy me drinks...always nice.  This was one of my better club experiences in Vegas.  The lines to get in for both Tao and Tao beach are crazy so if you are staying at the Venetian, make sure to get passes or find some way to get in and bypass the lines and the cover.
3	This place has SO much potential.  But what a let down!  Except for the occansional eye candy, Tao Beach sucks!  Crap music (hip hop and top 40), horrible mixing, ugly and fat people and bad organization by the hosts.  They need to do more promotion at the strip clubs to get some more hot women in here to draw veteran party goers.  Not suburban wanna be's....
3	I don't know what it was....but it might have been an off day - Tao Beach came in way below my expectations.  I had more fun at BARE the day before and I think it was because of the crowd.  It felt like a damn fashion show and girls trying to one-up each other.  We had a day bed so it gave us a "home base" but even then, the crowd wasn't as friendly as I imagined.  It wasn't as what we expected so we paid our $435 bill and left after 2 hours.  The music was okay....nothing that made me want to get up and dance.  As for the food and drinks - expensive of course.  But that's expected. I heard Moorea is better so I'm checking that out next!
2	You know, as a guest of the Venetian, I expected more. My brother reserved a table and ordered bottles (quite a few, at around $300 a bottle). We started the night early, and before we had a chance to FINISH the several bottles (I'm thinking there were 5), we were being KICKED out of our table or they would "charge us for another bottle." Are you kidding me? How much can 5 people drink/order on that tiny little table they gave us? And after blowing WAY too much money, we had to gobble our drinks down (We maybe had the table for 2 hours... maybe)?! I DO NOT APPRECIATE THIS KIND OF TREATMENT. ESPECIALLY FOR WHAT WE PAID. To make matters worse, we paid in cash... and TAO BEACH CHARGED OUR CARD (the cc we gave them as a hold), and it took 5 days to return the money to the account. No apologies. We spent 3 hours dealing with this mess on Saturday morning.As a repeat guest of the Venetian, and someone who spent ALOT of money at TAO Beach, I expected WAY MORE from them. Its really disappointing because the venue is gorgeous but the LEAST they could have done, is apologize...
3	Ah, it was just alright. Went on a Saturday night. The space is nice.  I loved being outside on a warm Vegas night.  The bartenders were great: friendly and efficient.  The music was okay. Not great song choice and way too quiet.  I think the main problem was the crowd.  The dance floor was full...of people standing.  No one was dancing. It was weird.  I went downstairs and had a much better time.  I don't know.  Maybe it's better during the day.
2	if you know me, you know i don't "party", so take this review for what you will.if you don't get table service here, be prepared to be on your feet all night.  if you're a group of girls together for a bachelorette party AND you don't have table service, be prepared to be laughed at by a waiter who said sarcastically, "have fun, ladies".  wtf?  we're not made of money.the place is beautiful though, i will admit.  once you get past the 6 flights of stairs to get up there.  (pretty sure it was 6).  it's outdoors so thank goodness for the heat lamps.  we had some VIP passes, so we breezed through the lines.  had to be stamped twice.  wtf?  once that we had passes and once that we got carded.  really?  yes.we did move down to check out the regular tao nightclub.  that place was a clusterf**k on a friday night.  you're bumping in to people left and right trying to get through.  we immediately went back up to tao beach.would i come back here?  i guess so....if that's where my friends wanted to go.  but i would not pay to get in, and i would have to be with a group of lovely gals again so we can get the attention of a bunch of guys who invited us to their table.  ;)
5	Bottle service is the way to go. It means you don't have to wait in line, you don't have to be smashed up against sweaty dudes (unless you want to be) and you pour your own drinks vs. waiting forever at the bar. I blacked out after the first bottle we got, and from what I can remember, the bathroom was really hard to find. It was one of those nights where in my mind, I was teleporting everywhere because I didn't remember the "in betweens"--like I'd be drinking a drink, then in the bathroom, then at the blackjack table downstairs at the Venetian, then falling down, then in a cab, then in my room. Good times.
3	Came here to lounge, drink and have a light brunch with some friends. The only disappointing thing is that there is construction going on and the dirty construction workers actually have binoculars to watch the topless ladies. I think that is so tacky. I'm surprised that the staff has not complained to the construction crew to stop oogling the patrons. Like I said there is construction going on so you have a lot of noise and an ugly view. If you sit at the bar you can almost ignore it. You can't see them and you have music to listen to. Other than that the food and service was pretty good. Had the Mahi Mahi sandwich, it was average, but the fries that it came with are GOOD! I highly recommend the fries. The drinks were pretty good and the bartender was pretty attentive. The lounge area was nice, there was enough shade for people who do not worship the sun, but still want to enjoy the weather. There are towels available on the lounge chairs and there are waitresses in bikinis constantly checking up on you to make sure that you have enough drinks. I would come here again to lounge and enjoy the weather.
5	Nothing cures a hangover like indulging in more alcohol. After a late night of heavy drinking at Body English the night before, some of us were not doing so well but we had reserved chairs at Tao Beach, so we headed over there early in the morning. We sat at the bar for awhile and chatted with the bartenders who were very sweet and attentive. Drink prices were typical of most other bars in Vegas...the beers I drank were $7 and mixed drinks were around $12. There are cocktail waitresses who walk around to the chairs, but everytime I needed a drink I just went up to the bar as I was in the pool most of the day. The only food I tried was the french fries but they were delicious. However, I think I loved them a lot because I was hungover and needed something with a bit of grease to it to sop up the remaining alcohol that hadn't processed my body yet.Most of the morning Tao Beach was pretty quiet but it really picked up in the early afternoon. Having reserved chairs was really nice and made the experience even better as they were in a really good location.  The pool isn't huge and got pretty crowded by the late afternoon, so definitely go early.  There was a DJ spinning music and the stuff he was playing ranged from old school to current hits. You can have alcohol around the pool, but don't wander away from the steps or edge of the pool with your drink because I saw quite a few people get yelled at for having their drink in the center of the pool.All and all, Tao Beach was a blast. We were there for about six or seven hours and it was so hard to leave as we were having a blast.  The only negative is that if you have to go to the bathroom, you have to leave Tao Beach. You do get to skip the line when you come back though which makes it not as annoying.
4	I must have to say, Tao beach is one of the better clubs in vegas.Its a must spot to party it up.Upon walking up those flight of stairs to heaven, you enter Tao beach. Known for day partys. In the middle of the club is a large swimming pool that is sorrounded by VIP tables and a liitle dance floor for the animals to get their freaks on. On the outer part of the club is Cabana's for the real VIP.( 5 bottle MIn). As always in vegas, I only do bottle service. As I was amazed by the layout of Tao beach as my host had brought me to my table. Not bad I said. A huge sofa seat that is probaly 7 yard in diameter and in the middle is a bunch of pillow for someone to dive in to it. Were seated where everybody has to walk by us. You might say that is bad, but if you want some status, there you go.Tip the bouncer and he will keep everybody away from the table.HA! Our waitress greets us (damn is she is banging) and gives us a menu. 2 bottle min. We order 2 grey goose. $375 each plus 20% grutity. Bascially 450 a bottle. And some of my freinds order red bull. Damn i said when the bill came out. 6 red bull for $48... total bill $1011.48.. for 2 bottle and 6 red bull.Overall : Table service is the way to go. $350 for the cheapest bottle.
4	i heart TAO beach..after running around downstairs in the labyrinth (otherwise known as TAO nightclub) i was relieved to breathe fresh air..  lots of seating, even if you didn't do bottle service.  and there's a dance area.. all under the night's sky..  the bouncers were nice, the bartenders fed us drinks and the music wasn't blaring in our ears.. at TAO beach, you have the option to dance, drink, converse and lounge.. puuurfect..only downfall is that the bathroom is a long stroll from the main area or you'll have to go back down to the labyrinth..
5	I love Tao Beach.. Although I didn't come prepared with my own boob job, I still wore pasties!!!!!!  We stayed all day... lots of sun, fun people and great people watching!  I've never seen so many beautiful people in one place.  The drinks were great.  Nicole- our server was accomodating and totally chill.. I can't wait to go back.. but, I'll make sure this time to come with a bit of a tan first.  I have to admit.. I was a little pale..
3	this review is based on a weekday afternoon at the tao beach.the bf flew in to meet me in vegas today since i'm here for the week for work. i had some down time so we decided to hit the pool and check out this tao beach. it's a wed around 1pm and we heard that it's definitely a more "chill" scene during the weekday than the weekend. tao beach has its own entry way and you need to be 21 and over. apparently they also have their own towels so don't bother picking up any from the other pool areas.overall i liked the decor and setup but i think they need more umbrellas otherwise it's just too damn hot. speaking of hot, the waitresses are all very attractive but the service could use some serious improvement. we waited at least 20 minutes before we could flag down our hostess. then we waited another 20 min to get our drinks. i think i was about to melt by the time we got our booze. i did enjoy the tao-hito (their version of the mojito) and the spicy tuna on crispy rice (not quite as good as katsuya). also i wasn't too fond of the loud music playing in the background. or maybe it was the competing noise from the construction next door.anyways after we finished our drinks and food, we headed over to the other Venetian pool. defiinitely check out the shallow pool with lounge chairs. it's awesome! there,  we ran into my other co-worker and she said it best:  "tao beach attracts meatheads, douchebags and euro trash." yeah she's right, it's definitely an interesting scene on a random weekday afternoon.
4	The bad news is that it was cloudy and thunderstorms were in the forecast and, yes, it was freaking cold. Even the bartender girls had to cover up with long sleeves, pants, and anything else they could to warm up. The good news is that they had a giant heated pool/jacuzzi that was SO lovely, it kept us so warm that we actually felt a little hot. The better news is that due to the shitty weather we didn't have to deal with lines, cover, or crowds!The waitresses are friendly and cute, and the drinks pricey but yummy! We had the mojitos. At the time there was no DJ, but the music was lively and just as good. When it started to rain, we took cover in one of the cabanas (free, I might add!) as the staff, waitresses, bartenders, and all scurried to remove the towels and fabric covers off the furniture and under shelter. I've never seen teamwork like that in my life! My friend and I thought it was time to go back to the room, so we ran from the pool all the way back to the hotel. Bikini clad, I flip flopped in the rain, and while doing so I optimistically said, "Well, at least I can say that I ran in the rain in a bikini once in my life!" We tried to revisit the next day when the sun was shining, however due to Memorial weekend they had some dumb idea to make guests "check in" near the Tao restaurant, pay a cover, THEN go all the way back to the pool for entrance to ensure that only hotel guests got in and/or had priority over non-hotel guests. Well, being that it was too much trouble we didn't even bother.
5	Move over Rehab.....It's all about Tao Beach.  We stayed all day and had an awesome time.  Imagine going to a club (Venetian Pool Area) and going past the ropes to the VIP area (Tao Beach).  It definitely has a more exclusive vibe to it.  Everyone had a good attitude and the deep house music was awesome.  We even had Tito Ortiz and Jenna Jamison in the cabana behind us, how can you beat that?  I was here for my good friend's bachelorette, and Tao Beach was definitely one of the major highlights of the weekend!!  I'm for SURE going back here!!
5	How do you take a great nightclub and make it better?  Add a pool of course!I've been a long time fan of Tao, bottle service there is the best.  So I was excited to finally have the chance to try out Tao Beach.  We opted out of the day beds and cabanas (which on Sundays are fairly reasonable in price) and went with some reserved chairs.  Tao Beach is on the small side, it was actually a lot smaller than I expected.We arrived every early, so early that there was still morning yoga going on.  Its kind of annoying, and none of the guys working there like it either.  We were all just kind of waiting around for it to end so we could get on with the day!  Once the DJ was set up, everything was great.  Great music, the bartenders were friendly, it never got overcrowded, employees walk around and give out Fla-Vor-Ice (who doesn't love Fla-Vor-Ice?!) and the other patrons were all really friendly.  It just kind of felt like you were at a good friend's backyard pool party. 2 notes.  I thought the cocktail waitresses were really off, which surprised me since every other employee I have encountered at Tao and Tao Beach has been friendly and professional.  They just never came around, even when we were the only people there.  We just got all our drinks at the bar because it was easier.  And yes, the construction going on over the bar area is an eyesore.  But just face the pool and you won't have to see it.
4	This place was cool.  We were in tao and kept wondering where the stairs went and why people were dressed in cheesy hula costumes, but the pool area was pretty bomb.  Definitely more chill than downstairs and really beautifully decorated.  The cool air is a nice change from the steamy people filled club.be sure to check it out if you go to tao.  its a nice break.
2	I really feel this place is false advertisement. When I hear beach, I would hope to be surrounded by peaceful crashing waves, sand under my toes and a slight breeze of ocean and sunscreen.  Instead this club ripoff hardly has a pool larger than a inflatable baby  pool- and a hot tub- wtf it's 112 degrees!  The drinks are outrageous- $14 for a margarita slushee that will melt in two minutes.  The cushions are inviting, but god knows how many germs and bodily fluids are growing on them. The snob vibe is very prevalent.  No thanks Venetian, I don't need a bright orange wristband and an exclusive towel to feel like a hipster.
3	Perfect daytime/evening place to shake your bootie with your girlfriends while sipping tropical cocktails and attempting to ignore a crowd that can only be poked fun at - topless women who don't realize they are the minority and men in Speedos to make up for the fact that are less than 5' tall - priceless. It was a surprising good time.
3	I expected a huge pool but it's more like a mini-REHAB with a very mini pool. It's just like the main pool but gated off with more VIP cabanas.Absolutely nothing special about it to me and I love pool parties. But I guess when you stick a bunch of scantily clad women anywhere, people will think it's the best place on earth.During the day, it's packed. You have to get there early to reserve a bed otherwise you'll be stuck standing shoulder to shoulder with everyone.As far as at night, it's F'ing hot in the summer! The heat alone sobers your ass up. Bottle service + heat  = sober = waste of money.
5	This is irrelevant, but the Venetian has several pools and one of them is pretty genius. It is shallow, only about 1 foot deep and comes outfitted with lounge chairs inside! This safely ensures that:1.) No over-enthused kids will attempt to swim in water that comes up to their ankles2.) You can effectively lay out in the water without feeling like a baked turkey 10 mins into it..After the lazy overkill for 4 hours, it was time to get off my ass to prevent muscular atrophy and head elsewhere.Tao Beach is pretty crazy. It's a daytime club with beach balls, splashing and sun. My first reaction was "Damn, all those people crammed in the pool, is that sanitary??".   My second was "Get out of my way lady, I'm trying to get in the water!" There really isn't anywhere to sit or stand (save for the bar area) so the only option is to go in the pool. I couldn't believe it could be so much fun! Cabanas will accommodate about 10-12 people. Day beds fit 4-6 and require a $500 food/beverage min. Holidays will bump that up to $750. Lounge chairs can be reserved for $40, which seems ridiculous but after seeing the layout of the venue, it's actually pretty reasonable. And if you can't get into Tao Beach, I suggest heading over to the lounge pool I was talking about!Samantha Ronson was a guest DJ and was playing some serious dance stuff. I even snapped a photo of her with her signature hat and shades!
4	You can never fail with Tao. The venue is clean and huge. I absolutely love TAO Beach where you can chill in a cabana with a drink by the pool. But god help you, if its a sweltering 100+ degrees outside. Not even your chilled patron will help cool you down. And maybe one of the few times, people will be glad to walk down to the lower levels.Now, TAO seems to be one of the bigger clubs but the dance floor still seems tiny. And people still walk through it like its a hallway! Mind you, its a pretty roomy place and there are other places to walk through. But people's butts just love to squeeze in, go excuse me, suffer the sardine effect, and interrupt those getting their groove on. Heh, getting their groove on. I haven't said that in awhile. Anyways, if all else fails, this venue is always a safe bet to go to.
4	Okay, i was really excited that we got a VIP table. I knew that i had the upstairs VIP so i thought they would have some kind of mist that would be cooler because it was hot as hell. So we got there, shit i was hella sweating. We got a table near a bed at the corner next to the bar called the 69 bed. Hahahah. We only got one bottle because most of the girls couldn't drink as much. It was cool.So it's not a joke when all these review said it was HELLA CROWDED. it is REALLY crowded as hell. There are millions of tables the freakin dance floor is hella small. WTF!!!! They knew that there will be hella ppl and they made the dance floor small. You can only dance around your VIP table. Thats really dumb..... We went down stairs to cool off and stayed for about an hour until upstairs got a little bit cooler. Man, it started to get packed and packed. We couldn't dance in either rooms. So many ppl, it was ridiculous. We headed upstairs and stayed at our little VIP area. Had few drinks and was tipsy. HahahahaThe thing i really loved about the area was NO ONE can sit on your area. Security kicks them out. How nice is that?? It felt like we had power. LOL. Thats the part that i LOVE. If you paid for that area you should get your space. ahahahaThen what sucked the most is these girls that were not VIP, got mad and complained to the manager because they couldn't sit up on the bed. They did n't have a bracelet and was crying about it. A white girl who got the balls to come up to us said some shit. WOW!!! She was wasted, i didn't care much but she was lucky. I would of messed up her pretty little face. She didn't get it that, it was not our fault, security was the one that kicked them out. She was so wasted, she didn't even know what she was saying. WHAT An IDIOT!!!! We had fun but watch out for stupid girls like that. Oh yeah!! Make sure you get ALfonzo, security man, hella cool and nice. He'll kick stupid B.... out of your area. ahahahha. He also put those girls in ck for us. LOL.... LOVE him....
3	If you're staying at The Venetian or Palazzo, only then would I recommend checking out Tao Beach.  I came here around 11:30am on a Sat. afternoon after unsuccessfully searching for a free spot around the hotel's 7 or so other overly crowded pools.  There was no line and no cover, so my friends and I plopped our things next to the dj booth and hopped right in the pool.  I would've given this place more stars if the music was better, but it was just weird.  The music, vibe, and energy is much better at Bare... so if you're not already staying at The Venetian/Palazzo, I wouldn't recommed the trek over here.
1	I was here during the day and it's not all that it's hyped up to be.  If you want decent seating you have to be there basically from the night before ... j/kBut seriously it's really crowded.  It was hard to find seating.  My cousins found some space and as soon as we got comfy a host came over and said they sold this table.  There was no reserve sign or anything.  We told the host that we had just ordered a pitcher of sangria and what should we do, cancel the order, what?!?  The host said don't worry she'll come find you.  As soon as he said that our waitress comes over tells us to sit at a neighboring table and just as my cousins about to sit down security tells us that it's reserved.  By now it's super embarrassing because it looks like we're getting kicked out but really the staff is just bouncing us around.  My cousin Kim and I are over this whole scene and just leave.  Sucks to be that waitress :o\  Aside from the few eye candy, it's not worth your time.  You can still hear the music and there's plenty of room and sun by the regular pool.  You don't really get that much sun at Tao Beach because the building and partitions block most of the rays.
5	This was our first time to TAO and it was AWSOME!  We rented a cabana with bottle service and that is the only way to go.  Everybody was toasted and having a great time.  The staff was excellent.  When we go back to Vegas, we will definetly be hitting Tao Beach at night againEnjoyMondo
4	pro: best strawberry mojitos in townpro: cabanas and laying out in the suncon: the pool in the vicinity is as large as a kiddie poolcon: bachelor pervsi'm still a fan if i have enough strawberry mojitos. : )
4	8.24.08: Looking for the hot and the hot? Well this is the spot. Girls with their high heels and $500 dollar bikinis, guys with 3 packs and 6 packs. It can get very pack in here and if you're just in the mood for tanning then don't come here because guarantee that all the chairs and areas to chill will be taken. So come on by jump up and down in the pool. Play some volleyball and get smacked in the face. Or just accidentally hit someone cute  ith the ball to get their attention. It worked for me...j/kFUN!
3	The secluded "mini"pool was packed so we had a booth at the back by the jacuzzi which was very comfortable. Good looking people (for the most part). The blended drinks didn't taste like they had ANY alcohol and that was a real sore spot for our group. The DJ was good and kept the place bouncing. Fix the alcohol content and I am a fan....
1	Shades - CheckBikini - CheckHair gel and make up - CheckBaby Oil - CheckSteroids - CheckIf you enjoy MTV spring breaks, this place is for you.   For me, I'll pass!
3	If you like to go in std infected pools then this is the place for you!!! Seriously I wouldn't ever want to go in the pool because it's tiny, shallow, and full of drunk people who are probably pissing their beer away in the small community pool. I only went in because we were staying at the hotel and got free passes. Everywhere you look there's girls dressed and made up like they're going to the clubs in their bikinis and guys who think they're too hot because they're sooo buff, but it's ok because that's what you expect of Vegas. So if you want to go somewhere where theres lots of perfect fake bodies, nowhere to chill and relax (standing room only) and enjoy the $10 drinks then definitely go here, but girls please don't pay to get in because every promoter in front of the venetian are willing to give out free vip passes to chics.
4	one of the few places that i actually enjoyed in vegas. i really dont like the nightlife out there. it's overrated, with wack ass crowds, and subpar DJs all in beautifully designed spaces.so, what makes tao beach different? well, ill admit i only went during a sunday and a monday, but i thought it was a great.the design is very nice, especially compared to the pools at the palazzo (though i love the palazzos jacuzzis). the day beds are a bit steep, but worth it if you have a great of people. i wouldnt recommend the cabanas unless you are with a large party of people.the drinks are served strong, which was a plus. palazzo charged me $10 for a weak drink, but tao beach charged me $13 for the same one that actually kicked my ass.as for the girls, topless is acceptable in there (though, in my experience, usually done by girls who we wish would put their tops back on LOL). im not a fan of west coast style (zero hips/ass, tight waist, fake boobs, plastic lips) of chicas and the dudes were mostly tourists or juiced up.the music was off the fucking hook two nights in a row. i really had a great time with that.finally, the salt water pool is nice, but got really cold in the shade (wasn't warm like the regular pools in the palazzo, maybe cuz they get more sun).so long as weather permits (which it should in vegas), youll always find me making time for this place during my visits.
1	This was one of the biggest disappointments for us this last trip.  We were able to get on the list to get in there since the line can be crazy and i think you have to pay to get in.  My girls wanted to do the whole topless thing and i was reluctantly going along and with the promise of multiple shots i said i would join in the fun. Some guys in line took us in with them and offered for us to chill at their cabana that they just paid a grip for then they took off once they got in.  But i digress....so we get in and try to find a place to lay out and put our stuff down and no exaggeration every single chair said reserved yet no one was there.  There might have been 25 people in the whole place and no chairs available.  So the options were to stand around or throw our stuff in a corner I guess.  so needless to say we bailed and went out by the pool at the Palazzo where we had great drinks and cucumbers brought to us for our eyes while we layed out!  was hoping for so much more from Tao Beach.:(
4	Music, music, music - oh my!Tao Beach is good for drinking, lounging, socializing, and people-watching to Top 40/dance music. The lounge chairs fill up fast so you'll want to come early or reserve a spot. The pool itself is pretty small. Towards the side of the bar, there is also a jacuzzi which is about roughly the same size.3 stars for the bar/pool/jacuzzi. 1 more star for the music.
1	We went here back in July and it was a total disappointment.  This place doesn't live up to the hype.  Sad.Drinks - watered down, no alcohol.Strawberry mojitos - one of the better drinksPool - murky...grosss...Crowd - um...Music - good!Venue - no space!  If you don't have a cabana or get there early, you'll toast in the sun
4	I came here in June, the hottest time of the year for any desert area and...The pool is the size of a kiddie pool, no lie.There is a dude who walks around with a backpack filled with water and a spray -- I called him the MIST-ER BOY. Drinks are priced Vegas style -- nothing under $10. AND I saw Dave Annabelle!!
5	Love Tao Beach. Gorgeous cabana Vip Areas. A little far from the dance floor. Not that i dance but thats where the hot girls are.Decor 5 StarsService 5 Star Strong drinks Price 4 Stars a little pricey, but it is Vegas after all
3	Have had some great times here. The crowd is very cool and if you can get a cabana with friends it makes the entire visit even better. Love that they have it in a small space so it creates more energy. Only sketchy part is the water in the pool...After getting in and looking around wondered why I was in there. The DJ was great and have great memories. Will definitely be back
5	This review is long long overdue. Beautiful cabanas, beautiful people, and incredible drinks make this place a must visit during the hot summer months. Wandering around the strip in 110 degree weather, we were baffled - Where did all the good looking people go? Hiding in their rooms with the air conditioners on full blast? WTF? We wandered over to the Venetian and asked around to find Tao Beach. Stopped at the podium before the elevators we were asked "Are you ladies on a guestlist?"..."No" we answer. The man at the podium says "Alright, hold on just a second" and with his magical key opens an elevator for us. We get escorted up to the pool level, where we walk towards another podium outside of an enclosed area. Again we are asked "Are you ladies on the guestlist?"...and again we answer "No". Once again, we're told "Alright ladies, hold on just a second." Wristbands OUT and we are escorted in again, they hand us towels, and set us free. Maybe I was drunk...maybe I was suffering a heat stroke, but the pool lit up and all you could see were gorgeous men and women. Holy sh*t we have reached the mecca! Great drinks served by hott bartenders, DJ's spinning good music, and beautiful people made this my most memorable spot in Vegas. Come summer, I will be back. ;)
3	I came here on a Sunday with my best friend after a super long weekend in Vegas so my brain was pretty fried by the time we got here. Finding the pool was all kinds of difficult. We had to check in at two locations before we were finally at the damn place. Unlike the other so-called party pools, Tao Beach is pretty calm. Definitely more upscale than Wet Republic or Ditch Fridays. The cabanas are really nice and the cocktails are great. There is this one muddled grape cocktail they serve that I am obsessed with. Since the summer I've searched hugh and low for a place that has that similar drink and Fraiche in Culver City has a good imitation. Nothing beats the original though! The staff is super good looking and attentive. Ok so this place has two pools. The smaller one is in the back and is the size of my jacuzzi. This pool is awkward to be in because all the couples are practically getting it on right next to you. Yikes. Quick! Escape to the other pool! Wtf? A wading pool? Ok I'm not expecting to swim laps but this pool made me feel extra claustrophobic. They did have a really cool live band come in the afternoon that I liked. Come here for the nice staff and delicious drinks. That's all.
4	Pool party European Style!Okay so we got in this place from a good guy Mike Nagar (club promoter). Try and find him, he's awesome! Met us here and got us in. You'll go up and then hit a pool, that you think that's it's but it's not. Keep walking and in the back in another area blocked off. Walk in there and behold TAO beach. (FYI: this is located in the Venetian and if your a girl ok ay cool, b/c theres a guest list for this place)So they have two "pools." One is off the the left and its the bigger one, which no joke can fit 50 ppl in a tight squeeze. Then the one in the back basically jacuzzi size. And the bigger one it is kind of aekward because the lounges face the pool, so you have people staring at you.2 bars, or waitresses to bring you alc. Whatever you prefer. They aren't cheap. There is this one pitcher that might get you one drink and a half for about $50 dollars. But worth it to buty it once. Super good, I can't lie but I forget the name. Just ask what drink has grapes involved! :DThere was very little space, so we had five girls on 3 benches! LOL and we shared with a few guys next to us which were very nice, chill and fun to talk to. Good crowd, a very mixed crowd, but most people are pretty good looking. And what I mean by European style is that girls are allowed to go topless! hahana, yes many topless girls here and there. There are also guys in speedos! Hilarious!So I would have to say this was a nice, relaxing, fun people watching, good drinks type of place. Stay hydrated, b/c trust me the sun+alc= DRUNK FAST! P.S. The bathroom is located outside this area, so you have to go back the way you came.
4	Never actually got to Tao Beach during the daytime, but when we went to Tao Nightclub, they actually had an entrance to Tao beach. Such an awesome space, though it was a bit cold. They did have heaters dispersed throughout the space but it was not enough, and the path to the bathroom was freezing! Running in heals in the cold is no fun! But the crowd was a lot of fun, and we all had a very good time dancing and joking around with random people. Definitely will try and hit this place up during the day if we ever find our way back to Vegas!
3	Eh, not really impressed with Tao Beach.  It's a little too small for the whole Vegas pool party scene and the crowd when I was there was just okay.  Granted it is still pre-season and they aren't "officially" open.  The food was actually pretty decent. I order the satay sticks and sushi which wasn't ridiculously overpriced.  9$ for the satay and 25$ for 3 rolls of sushi.  Cocktail servers although an 8/10 on the hotness scale were fairly inattentive and slower then snails.  Will I be back? Probably.  But I definitely prefer Wet Republic and Bare at the Mirage to Tao Beach.
5	Ok, if you want a huge pool with thousands of people, don't come here. If you want small, intimate, VIP, with good looking people, I'd recommend you stop by. However, if you don't want to shell out for a private bed or cabana, you better get there early! If you're lucky, you won't pay a cover, which we didn't. Not sure how much you'd have to pay for admission normally.The DJ was awesome, the people were friendly, and everyone is just after a good time. Dancing by the pool, people getting pretty drunk, people mingling. The waitstaff is gorgeous and the security guards are pretty hot, too! Definitely some great eye candy. There are some free lounge chairs if you get there early enough, and they have really comfortable chair covers. They provide you with big, fluffy white towels. We rented a bed around the pool for $200. So worth if for the whole day. The staff is super attentive. We rarely waited for refills. I didn't try the food, but it looked good!I grew up in Miami, so I appreciate a good pool scene. This was everything I could have wanted...a giant party out by the pool with awesome people, good (and strong) drinks, and attractive people. The best way to meet new people is when you are in a smaller crowd, which is why I like the fact that Tao Beach isn't too expansive. I spent two full days by the pool and miss it already!!
4	Great drinks. Recommend the Poolside  and Lemonade. $14 Cocktails and $9 dollar beer. Pitchers are good deals. Be careful with the waitresses, we were overcharged a couple of times, $54 six pack of beers became $70 all of the sudden. We paid it and started ordering from the bar. I guess they figured we were too drunk to notice. Entrance was free and we got a seating area as long as we spent  a certain amount of money. Not a problem since there was a few of us. Something fun and different to do while in Vegas. Overall it was a good experience.
2	Great in concept, germ-fest in reality.Maybe I wasn't drunk enough when I made my way in at 3pm....cuz everyone else sure looked like they were having fun....Good loud music, lots of half naked ppl, tons of beds, tiny pool with gazillion drunk (but hot) people stewing as they danced in it.The exclusiveness of Tao Beach makes it enticing --  but i still much prefer the gorgeous main pool right outside Tao Beach.  You can still hear the music but actually get some tanning/lounging done.I'd suggest popping your head in to check it out, but make home elsewhere.
4	Pool party anyone?!  In the middle of the desert (Las Vegas), what better way to spend your summer days then going to a pool party??  Good music, hot people and bars full of any drinks you want ~~what more can you ask for?Unless you book a cabana there, getting in may take a while.  Girls can usually get in free, but again...can't say the same for the boys (sorry!)Tao Beach is relatively small, but who cares...by the time you get a few drinks...you'll want to dance with everyone!!  A definitely MUST GO when you're in Vegas and want to frolic in your bathing suit.
4	*I'd like to note I am reviewing Tao Beach BY DAY.  At night, in combining with Tao Nightclub, it's a disgusting cattle call of ghetto, clamoring folk.  Tao Beach is my fave non-Sunday pool spot.  Get there early, don't come with guys, and 100% of the time you won't wait, you won't pay, and you can lay claim to the giant circle bed by the bar without paying for a bed.  Yay!  Hot bodies, cold drinks, great music, VIP club by day.  Get wasted here in the afternoon, take a nap, and get wasted at night.  Loves it.
2	I don't know why this place is getting so much good reviews.  Theres so much hype and the place dont even deliver much. i went last month for an event and told the people in front of the club that we were going to get a cabana.  i would expect that they would at least treat us better than the rest of people lined up to get in, but NO!  they made us wait forever and had my party pay to get in which was so stupid. we got inside after 2 hours of standing around and started climbing up the "mini" crowded stairs to get to tao beach.  not a single host approached us, no staff led us to where were supposed to be sitting, I dont even know if VIP means anything to them.  we got upstairs and stood  to find a host, we got the  "pointing fingers."  at one point, a waitress said "oh, if you want a cabana, go back downstairs and outside and ask someone in front." uhm..i think we just did that and we were not about to march back down the flight of over crowded stairs to ask for a VIP service, they should come to us.  so finally, we found someone who could help us (after 30mins of standing around) and took us to the first table she found and said "there..you guys can sit there"  she left without taking our orders, came back after 15 mins and asked what we wanted...so we ordered a grey goose bottle, 6 redbulls and mixers to start with....the mixers came first.  funny thing was we needed a refill on our mixers before we even got our damn vodka!  it took that long..seriously.   when it finally came, our hostess poured our drinks.  she didn't do a great job..she almost finished the bottle in just 4 glasses of greygoose/redbull mix.  she was in a hurry to finish it.  she came back with a $670 bill for the vodka.  i seriously thought, it was not worth it at all.  I've been to other clubs in vegas and this is the only club that treated their VIPs poorly.  I looked around and none of the bigger cabanas were full and a lot of vip tables were not even occupied.  in a business perspective, this place is going down the drain.  come on? don't they make more money getting VIPs than serving individuals?   They seriously need to hire a better marketing and management staff. Oh, and by the way, we got kicked out of Tao Beach at 2:00pm, they said we needed to go downstairs.  Apparently, they close that part of the club or not serve any more drinks after 2pm. hmmm.... I thought I was in vegas???Bottom line, if you are up for mediocre VIP service and crowded venues, then sure, Tao Beach is for you.  But if you want to be served luxuriously with the hard earned money you want to spend, then go somewhere else.
5	What's not to love about this pool party?We came with about 8 guys and a few ladies for Cabana 14. The belvy and ace of spades was flowing, the munchies were great, and the hosts were female and oh so beautiful in their bikini's. A+ for those ladies.The security was really cool and even though we had our own bodyguard, they dedicated a guy or two at any time to keep the weirdo's out. I ABSOLUTELY FUCKING LOVE THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE VOSS WATER. Sorry for that, but it's true. Yes, we came to get drunk, but NO OTHER PLACE IN VEGAS that I know of serves Voss water. A++++We had absolutely no trouble getting in around noon and we felt very well taken care of. Will return.
4	it was my 3rd time going there. it was pretty coo. it was cold so there werent as many people there i dont think. the line for bar was long and it was confusing to get my food that i had to order (drank way to much on friday so just the thought of liquor made me want to gag) the bar area smelled hella bad. im not sure if the people who were there hadnt showered in days or what but it was all bad. the pool water was murkey. but there were a lot of people in it and they were spilling their drinks. the dj.....eh... not really that good. there were plenty of hotties (u know who u are sweetie!)  and plenty of hottie wannabes who thought that they were the shit because they had a little bit of ass. we had a found a place to sit by the front of the pool. i would like to go again when its actually warm and maybe get a $48 pitcher of strawberry mojitos (pretty good deal for 4 people)
4	Vegas club goes to poolside.  Which means, an overpriced cabana / day bed ($400 for the privilege to sit there) becomes the bottle service, the tiny plunge pool becomes the dance floor, and the scantily clad lady clubgoers swap their outfit with teeny bikinis.  The drunkards who would spill their drinks into the tiny pool, loud thumping music, expensive drinks at the bar, long line at the entrance and steep entrance fee stay the same.  A very interesting concept, nonetheless.
4	Me and my cousin checked out this place on a Thursday and it was pretty cool.  They were having a Spearmint Rhino party there so there was some eye candy.  There was no cover and we found a spot to chill pretty easily.  The bartenders were hot and totally friendly.  Cool enough for me and my cuz to drink $280 worth of alcohol in 2.5 hours. lol
4	If your staying at the Venetian, you have to check out Tao Beach...They make yummy strawberry mojitos and its the best when you chill by the poolside in the hot vegas day...At night this place turns into the 3rd floor of the Tao Nightclub...It gets overly crowded with all the drunken people, but I would still recommend it to be a great place to party =)
4	Beach? It's more like a watering hole! I mean really... I was expecting a bit more space, but then I guess that's what makes this place so much fun. When you are FORCED to put your ass in your neighbors face... you DON'T have to make excuses. I really DID like the energy and Eric DLux was offf the hooook (do people still say that?... anyway) -He played the "I'm on a boat song" and it was very appropriate. Everyone complains about the prices, but let's get serious, only guys can complain about that.It's a good thing that we were staying at the Venitian...since we just stumbled back to our room after a long day of heat and drinks.
3	...and the party keeps going....I think I went to Tao Beach on a Friday? hhhmmm either way I was hung over, delusional, disoriented but either way ready to party more. We got to the party around noon. Tell the guy at check-in your a Vegas resident....he let us in free that way. Okay the party is in the corner in this little ass area....wtf? Booty and boobs everywhere!!!!! To the left, to the right...up ahead, in your face....hot damn turn around booty there tooo! Super crowded but somehow it was not that bad...gives you a reason to touch some hot guys abs or round booty. ha!Drinks were tasty though. I give that a thumbs up! By 4pm everyone was a drunken hot mess. RED people everywhere...I was not feeling the music at all..but it was def the spot to meet people and make plans for later in the evening.Unless you get an overpriced cabana, do not attempt to recover from the festivities of the previous night at Tao Beach. No bueno.
3	After visiting Wet Republic and Rehab, I would say that they are a clear cut #1 and #2, and Tao Beach is way far behind at #3.  I arrived at this place nice and early on a Friday thinking its a hot spot,and there will be a line out of the Venetian pool deck. I was probably the 6th person in line. Being on the guestlist, we were able to get in cover free.  After getting my wrist band, I might of spent a total of 5 minutes inside Tao Beach then decided that it was a better experience outside of this place. The main reason I came down was to see Lebron, but I wasn't going to sit on the floor or spend my whole day standing around a little "water hole" as someone called it. This place is designed a lot like LAVO. It caters strictly to the VIP. Either you have a cabana or a day bed, or you ass is out of luck pal. I understand making this a private VIPs type of area, but I wasn't going to be used as some tool to be a fill in for a poor excuse of a large crowd at this place. I skipped out and spent my day right outside of Tao Beach in the big pool.In the end I got free access to the Venetian pools so it was well worth my time coming here. If you come here strictly for Tao Beach and you have to pay to get in... I feel sorry for you son. Save your $ for Rehab or Wet Republic. PS. I did come back a little later thinking it might be better with a crowd in there, but it still sucked. The music here didn't even get half way decent until 3pm. They need to get a real DJ up in here.
5	Tao Beach is by far my favorite pool to go to in Vegas!  I am a local, and have been to all of the popular pools.... Tao Beach has the best vibe! I love how it's small and intimate!!  Their drinks and food are awesome and  the staff are super hot and friendly!  It gets super busy after about 1pm... I recomend reserving a daybed or cabana! It sooo worth the money! Get there early and you may be able sit in the free open seating!  Oh ya,  they are open at night too on the weekends... I prefer to go up there and chill instead of being all crowded downstairs in the nightclub.
4	I hadn't ever been to Tao Beach for their day time pool parties and I was staying at the Palazzo, so it seemed the obvious choice...we got there at about noon and I'm not sure if girls don't pay cover, but we didn't pay cover. The party really hadn't started yet. We realized that there really wasn't anywhere to sit, so we opted for "buying some real estate" which when you think about it, aren't you going to be buying drinks anyway? The area that we picked was a $500 min. I had a few other friends coming and I knew we'd easily spend that much with the way drink prices are in Vegas. Our area was near the bar area and was a couple steps above the pool level so we could overlook everything that went on surrounding the pool. Dawn was our cocktail waitress and she was friendly, helpful and VERY competent!           Gradually, it got more and more packed and the DJ started at about 1:30/2 pm, so I was really glad I had gotten the table. We had a few pitchers of strawberry mojitos and then we moved on to the Grey Goose and red bull SLURPY pitchers!!! Awesome!!! They went down so easily and are so great for being in the sun. The tables are cool too because you meet other great people and then bounce around to their tables too! All in all, by the end 12 of my friends and acquaintances had shown up and we had had an amazing day!           FYI, if you want to go to Tao Beach for the pool, there really isn't much of one so be aware.
4	It's great to be a girl.  And it's a great to be a girl in Vegas, especially when you have hook ups.  I recently went to Vegas with 4 of my college girlfriends.   We met up with a group of 7 other girls we knew who were in Vegas for a Bachelorette party.  Luckily, we knew a promoter who got us through the line on the guestlist, with no cover, and he also hooked us up with a daybed and a promotion called "21" where we spend $200 and get $100 free in booze or food.I've heard that Rehab and Wet Republic are awesome and way better than Tao Beach, but have never been to either.  I have been to the party at Cain in the Cove / Atlantis though, which pales in comparison to any of these.  That being said, I can say that when the girls and I were walked to our daybed around 2 PM, Tao Beach was on fire.  There were beautiful women and men everywhere.  The DJ was hot and played all the newest music and the crowd was feeling it.  The pool (if that is what you can call it) was small, overcroweded, and looked murky... being a germaphobe, I wouldn't step foot near it.  There were private cabanas all over the permiter and cocktail waitresses all over the place.  Very easy to get a cocktail. A few of the 12 girls we were with hated the scene.  2 of them left and went out to the main pool where they enjoyed the much nicer pools and comfy charis, and didn't have to fight for space.  The other 2 girls that left just went back to their hotel.All in all, I'd still go back here.  The drinks were delish, great scenery, fun music, and a good crowd.  Typical vegas.
3	After reading a bunch of reviews, i thought i was going to hate Tao Beach, but it wasn't bad at all. Except the staff was kind of.... interesting!We got to Vegas Wednesday morning and as we stayed at Palazzo, we decided to check out Tao Beach at Venetian (which is on the same property). It was slow of course b/c it was Wednesday, but it was amazing weather and  all we cared for is to tan and sip on our drinks. It got too hot way too soon so we decided to hit their tiny pool to get refreshed. Amm.. we got whistled on because apparently you're not allowed to bring any alcohol to the pool.... so we went back.. finished our drink.. lit up a smoke... ASKED our waitress if we can smoke by the pool...she said.. of course.....went back to the pool.... ANOTHER whisle from the staff...you cannot smoke near the pool!!! I mean .. wtf? They apologized and said that it's not that they're trying to keep the pool clean, its just that's the rules! Like that makes any sense! Ok, thats fine, so we came back the day after (thursday). It was a little bit more people and guess what??? EVERYONE HAD THEIR DRINKS IN THE POOL! AAAND smokes!!! And Saturday? The pool looked GROSS! Because everyone was drunk, spilling drinks in the pool and butting out cigarettes! And noone cared! We stayed at our friends' cabana on Saturday so we had a blast that day. But just so you know, DO NOT attemt to bring your drink or smoke near the pool on Wednesdays!!! Its a "clean pool" day at Tao Beach!!! LOL
3	Excuse me Miss, but will I get a disease if I get into this water? She will say no, but the answer really is...."Damn it sure seems like it!!"Tao beach is a lot of hype for such a TINY place. We had our bridal party on a guestlist so we had no trouble getting in, but once in there isnt many places you could go if you dont rent a space to sit for the day. It was a Saturday so they charged a $500 food and beverage minimum to have the sofas etc. If you are going to come here, I suggest you eat lunch here and have all your drinks for the day. Oh and bring some friends to help!!!We had a good time here but I wouldnt say its a favorite. Their drinks are as pricey as anywhere in Vegas, their mixed drinks have little to no alchohol in them and seriously, its chaotic in there. The one thing we HATED was that you cannot have a drink in your hand and be in the water at the same time. Now you ask, thats reasonable for such a small pool, so nothing spills in the water, right? NOOOOThe small pool is already VERY disgusting and dirty with a hundred people in it and everytime you even think about putting your feet in on the side of the pool or even a toe, someone will blow a whistle and tell you to get out. So what happens? People sit around the pool, and spill their drinks all over the ground because there is nowhere to walk or sit and you cant hold onto your drink if youre in the water.Basically, we spent a lot of money on drinks that went to waste, that spilled everywhere and I couldnt wait to run out of there and into my CLEAN and amazing pool at the Encore. Its fun I guess, totally overrated and gross.
4	Tao Beach is a classier, more intimate version of Rehab.  A lot less number of douchebags (not that many actually) which is great...pool is tiny and drinks are expensive.  Good lookin' ladies and nice ratios...the promoters do a good job keepin' the vibe pretty upscale.  DJ was pretty good, sounds mumbled some how.oh yeah, there was a vomit smell coming out of the misters. what the hell is that all about?
4	I was on the guest list Saturday for Tao. We mazed through a myriad of lines, getting stamped, wrist banded (which means free drinks from 10-midnight), given a ticket (free cover), and another stamp just for good measure. Then we climbed to the top of the world. I was hoping that after dragging the birthday girl and three of her friends through that process that the night would end up being worth it all. OMG it so was. I have been to the various levels in the club but had not been to the beach at Tao. It's there roof top bar that is next to the pool. They have a ton of cabanas and seating areas for bottle service. They also have a few side bars in addition to the main bar so it did not take a decade to get a drink. All of the bartenders were super cool and seemed to be having a great time dancing around while slinging drinks. The ladies that were with me ranged in age from 26-42 and they all had an equally awesome time. I loved the crowd, the awesome DJ playing the most danceable jams, the venue, and the service. Thanks for letting me show my friend to a great birthday night Tao!
5	I love Vegas. I'm so glad there's parties during the day as well. I had an awesome experience at Tao Beach. It is much smaller compared to Rehab, but it's still fun. They play good music. The people there are dressed more chill. If you've ever gone to Rehab you will see women in sexy bathing suits and heels and accessories but at Tap beach you see women more in flip flops and summer dresses. I would definitely recommend it.
3	Better than the downstairs Tao nightclub since it's outdoors.  Still, it smelled funny by the bar.  Why?  =(  I didn't like having to wait in line just to go upstairs.  Also, the drinks are more expensive here than at XS.  Whack!Still, I recommend TAO beach over the downstairs nightclub, because fresh air is always the better way to go.  Still crowded with obnoxious drunk people, but at least you've got the starry sky above you...
4	A friend of a friend secured a cabana for his bday celebration at Tao Beach on a Saturday night.  It seemed like the bottle service never stopped, the waitresses, even tho they were present briefly, were very nice to everyone in our party.  Flat screen in the cabana, steps leading down to the dancefloor -very nice setup.The place get packed quickly but I never felt closed in or squished.  The DJ was OFF THE HOOK.  From wat I remember, he played everything from dance hits, hip hop, some euro stuff - he was great!!!The bad points - the Tao Beach bathrooms R too far!!!We had to go to the far end of the dance floor, down a pathway, along the length of another (closed) pool), around rows & rows of lawn chairs, to finally reach the bathroom!  Ladies, after dancing in high heels, any extra walk is PAINFUL - but this was on another level of absurd on how far the bathrooms were.Other than that, & trying to exit the Tao club altogether (& Paris Hilton showing up), it is a very nice, fun, upscale nightclub.
5	My FAVORITE pool party of the weekend! Talk about a Sunday Funday! I LOVED that there was finally a party with house music going on in Vegas....everyother party, be it day or night, always had a mix of hip hop and other music, which isn't a bad thing at all....but this lil" Miami chicky was ready to dance to some goood house music all day/night long after 2 days of the other stuff in Vegas and Tao Beach gave it to me....THANK YOU, TAO BEACH!!!! I loved that this wasn't at 1,000+ person pool party and I loved that we could exit the area and go take a dip in the regular Venetian pool when we needed to cool off (not for nothing, but I wouldn't stick so much as a toe in any of the pool parties' pools....talk about universal toilet...ew). I also loved that there was a saxophonist and percussionist jamming along to the beats. The Tao-Tini pitchers were also delicious, refreshing, and buzz worthy ;) If you are looking for a good "pool" party, good house music, and a non gangster crowd...this is your place to be on a Sunday, hands down. *************** Oh, side note, a group of guys that were on a lounge chair/couch next to us did the most ridiculous thing I had seen all weekend....they literally threw hundreds of dollar bills into the air and "made it rain." They then started TEARING up the money and burning it....needless to say, the whole dollar bills that fluttered our way quickly made their way into our bags and into the cleaning man's dustpan. LOL ;)
5	I have to say, Sundays at TAO Beach are awesome!We got there around noon on Sunday and left at about 5:00pm.  Thank you to Tony who got the 5 of us (3 ladies, 2 guys) a poolside cabana and $200 worth of comped drinks and food.  We had all been out late the night before and the relaxing VIP atmosphere was the perfect way to end a great weekend!   The service was wonderfully accommodating (and great eye-candy!), the food was delicious, and we're still buzzing about the Poolside drink - the one with the crushed grapes, what were they called and what exactly was in them again?Many of us locals don't get out to the strip too much because of the touristy crowds, so getting the chance to feel like VIPs for us was definitely a treat!  I even sent our VIP host Tony an e-mail with some attached photos thanking him for everything!
4	theres nothing not to love about tao beach.pretty girls and pools.when I got there,it was super crowded though and the music was ok...but since its out in the open,u can grab a breather.Imma be going back, this time with more $$$ haha
5	what a amazing pool party... hot chicks everywhere in the pool..getting in was easy ... we had 2 for 1 drinks cause we were staying at the hotel. some guy bought my sunglasses for 200 bucks lol..overall a unforgettable experience
4	This is my second review of the Tao Beach, and this time around I would say this place has redeemed itself. The first trip I was just so shocked that this place was no Rehab or Wet Republic, that I didn't know how to react but leave and use the Venetian pools. This time we were more calculated and patient. We checked in early at about 10:30 on labor day weekend Saturday. Headline event was LMFAO, so we had a reason to stick around. The line took about 10 minutes, and our guestlist came through so no cover was necessary.We found a nice empty spot in back where the smaller second pool is. It was nice because the jets gave you a back massage if you sat down and leaned up against it. There was complete douche bag control in that area because the security guard was watching everyone and drinks were not permitted. He was chasing pretty much everyone down. Its tough if you are there to let loose with some horse play, but great if you there just to relax and unwind.  The music definitely is a step below places like Wet or Rehab. Simply because that DJ Eric Deluxe was just there to fill in before LMFAO.  The drinks ran about $12 / cup and bottle service would've started at $1000 per grey goose and the tables would've required an additional service charge. Thats why it wasn't surprising that no one occupied them throughout the entire event. The least they can do is open them up and let the public use it. LMFAO came on stage at about 2:30 and did their signature hit SHOTS. It was an awesome song. At some point they asked the girls to whip the boobs out, but they were quickly discouraged by the Venetian management.  I was a bit discouraged, but the gf was glad and thought it was the right thing to do. LMFAO were a crazy bunch of guys and did the rest of their songs as they were chugging on a bottle of grey goose. Atleast we know they were serious when they sang about the Shots. We left Tao Beach at around 3:30 and thought we had enough.  As we were walking through the Venetian pools, we saw all these pissed off parents with angry looks as LMFAO were singing "I am not a whore". I thought this was hilarious. They should've moved their asses if they didn't want to deal with the party people. Either ways I had a great time at Tao Beach unlike my previous visit.  Best way to describe my experience was organized chaos.Heres a good vid I caught of the chaos: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65d-2BZee14
3	It was like a bad Ed Hardy ad. The pools were freakishly warm, and good luck trying to stand in the pool for more than 30 seconds without being hit in the head by either a flying volleyball, the arms of a couple having simulated sex in the pool, or by someone waving their drink in the air. The douche bag factor was crazy high - think dudes in glittery swim suit bottoms dancing on top of their day beds. HUH? You aren't a hot chick standing on a bar.. get the hell off your day bed. Food was trying too hard to be unique.. like for instance they put broccoli all over the hot dog.. ? Fries were the best food item we tried! Sake sangria was awesome tasting, but I had 3 glasses and felt not the slightest tinge of a buzz. Why 3 stars? I did have a lot of fun.. The people watching was stellar, and our day bed was nicely sized for sharing with a crowd. I can see if you're trying to relive spring break or something, this could definitely be your scene.
4	If Rene Magritte were here, he would say "This is not a beach."  Yes, it's not a beach, BUT it is the ultimate pool party thrown Vegas style.  There is a pool and a jacuzzi, but you'd hardly know it was there since it's crammed full of bikini clad ladies and male bronzed bodies.  You don't come to this "beach" to relax, but to "see and be seen."  This is your chance to show off all of that time at the gym!It's quite possibly the only place to go "clubbing" in the daytime as there is a poolside DJ spinning some beats and hip hop jams.  The dress code (and believe it or not, there is one since I saw the bouncer turn away a guy for wearing basketball shorts) is swimwear with a "less is more" attitude.  Heels, dangly earrings, and jewelry are accessories that many of the females sport at Tao Beach.  The place is surrounded by canopies with orange drapes and brown wicker lounge chaises, a Moroccan inspired vibe.  Grab the complementary towel on your way in and use it to claim yourself a seated area.  A full bar is located on one end of the place, with frozen margaritas and lemonade concoctions on a hot day.  The lemonade was on the crazy sour side, so I asked the bartender to add some juice.  $9 for a that drink ended up giving me a brain freeze, along with an even more parched mouth.Tao Beach is nestled in the corner of the Venetian's rooftop, but you have to bypass the folks checking guest passes or room keys to enter the elevators.  Try the elevators on the lowest level, since it didn't look as restricted.  Worse case scenario, just tell them you're there to dine at La Bouchon, which also requires an elevator ride.  A little tricky to find, but worth the effort to check out!
2	This place was awesome 4-5 years ago when I went for their grand opening weekend.  Lounge around on the daybeds while getting spritzed with mist and handed cool towels to freshen yourself up.X number of years later and they've overcrowded the place with as many daybeds and cabanas as they possibly could and crammed in a bunch of people into the tiny kiddy-sized pool.Done and done, not going back unless we're getting a comped bottle.Disclaimer: I'm spoiled so my review is biased.  Other people seemed to be having the time of their lives.
2	I think Tao Beach is simply way over-hyped. It is an exclusive (tiny) pool that is just way too crowded and no place to sit down during the day, but the bar. IF you're lucky. Even then, good luck trying to find a place for your group of friends to sit down since by noon, all the chairs are taken so you can't lie down and most of the cabanas are occupied. I guess okay to check out for the first time, but we left after an hour to go to our own pool that at least had a place for us to lounge and room for us to frolick in the water.
3	Waaaay too crowded and smelled like a broken septic tank in the back corner.  I was there over Memorial Day weekend so I should have expected the crowd but they got greedy and tried to pack too many people into the TAO Beach part of the club.  I didn't even attempt to order a drink at one of the bars because it was easily going to take 20 minutes and that is only because I'm pretty tall and have a knack for working my way to the front of the bar (in the most gentlemanly way possible ladies).  One highlight was that I didn't have to wait in line to get into TAO Beach.  I managed to talk my way in by telling the bouncer that I had a box and the VIP host told me we wouldn't have to wait in line.  Maybe that is true or maybe I'm just that good.  I'd like to think I'm just that good.  I would like to check TAO Beach out on a night that isn't so crazy in Vegas because the club looked great and had an awesome atmosphere.
3	I Came to enjoy the last weekend of Summer (by Vegas Standards) and had a blast....It was mid 80's so the weather was just perfect to lay out and get a tan.  If you don't have a hook up prior to heading here and have at least a 1to1 ratio of girls to guys then you ain't gettin in free ;) Also if you ain't aggressive then you ain't getting a decent place to chill by the pool....yes they have a lot of Daybeds and most are taken, but if you camp out by the pool you'll get a spot.It's Vegas so you should know what to expect at a place that has the word BEACH in it.  At the end of the day if you are looking for a place with an atmosphere and good stiff drinks then head here...if you just want to chill by the pool and sleep then don't come here.
3	2nd night of bachelorette 2009 commenced with a visit to Tao Beach, the night-club, at about 11 pm.We reserved a table and had major bottle service.  Our table was really nice out by the pool, and was extremely large compared to most tables at clubs.  The crowd was definitely, errr, ummmmm, lame.  The music also left something to be desired...pretty uninspired and top 40.The bathrooms, which I have to say is my number 1 complaint, however, made this place almost a no-return for me.  The walk from the club area to the bathrooms was ridiculously long!  We had to walk forever, through one section fo teh club, then the entire stretch of the grounds, to the right, to the left, across another football sized field of pool, and finally got there.  Now when you're drinking, girls have to go to the bathroom a lot, and also, us ladies are in heels!  This was just ridiculous.At around 3 we decided to go to the inside part of the club and that was MUCH cooler, more fun, better service.  Stick to the inside of Tao, it's really something.
5	I am not sure why these awesome places in Vegas have such bad reviews.. Club Tao is awesome! I am not a clubber and I have to say this is one of the nicest club's I've been to. You won't be disappointed.
2	I left Encore pool for the shittiest pool party ever!  We got in for free... but the place is tiny!  My friends and I had to move to the regular Venetian pool because it was just too packed at this "party".  Additionally, beers are $9 and a little margarita cup is $14.  You'll have a way better time bringing in your Fat Tuesday yardlong to the big pool and watching everyone swim in your pee. Tao Beach is nice when you are partying at Tao... but when you actually go during the day it is really tiny in comparison to its neighboring pool.  To have a good time just grab a seat by the real pool and watch the cougars on the prowl.Do yourself a favor and stay at your resort's pool... this is nothing to go out of the way for.
1	I spent 2 days in August laying out in Tao Beach. The first day wasn't bad because it was a Thursday and there were very few people. This review is mainly based on my experience Friday. Weekday or not, though; I wouldn't return. I'd expect more class from the Venetian. I'd imagine that what Tao Beach has become is part of the reason why they opened the new adult pool at the Palazzo, Azure. Azure was very nice, but boring. They just play trance music, which I suppose is their way of keeping out the "urban" crowd which frequents Tao beach. The Venetian/Palazzo should just do what Mandalay does at Moorea Beach Club, which is charge an exorbitant cover for men and some girls (excluding the hot ones).Here's my review: This place is a cesspool for disease and filth. If you are over the age of 23, not trashy, or have any sense at all then do not go here. I can't say enough bad things about this place. And all the good reviews on here shows you just how many classless people there are in this world. Let's start with the crowd: If your coming here expecting to see hot girls topless, don't bother. The girls with their tops off are the ones that should have had them on most. So many chubby boobs! If you are not wearing Ed Hardy, you will be in the minority. Enough said? Not yet. The people who come here are super annoying. It's the bachelor(ette) party crowd staying 15 to a room. So loud, trashy, and obnoxious.   Pool: It's tiny and DISGUSTING! You can't even see you're feet if you're standing in it. Gross and murky with suntan oil, spilled drinks, bodily fluids...you name it.Another awfully annoying thing was that they were letting in people who were fully dressed and just wanting to "check it out". Other than the creep factor of this, it's extra irritating because the area is already crowded enough with people who are there to layout or hang in the pool. Yuck is all I've got left to say.
2	Not that fun during the day.  Long line, tiny place.  Packed with people that all smell in their swimsuits.  Eww.  No room to sit or dance.  Wet Republic is much better!  Or just hang out at the regular Veneitian pool, this "pool party" is wack!
4	This is a solid pool party.  Although the pool is pretty small, the party packs a good punch.  The waitresses are all pretty gorgeous.  Drinks are typical Vegas pricing, but they have some good deals on buckets of beer and other cocktails.
4	If you are really here for swimming, make sure you don't get sucked into the pool party side- its tempting. Once you go in, its hard to turn back :)I'm glad Tao Beach have the flexibility of mellowness and craziness. If you want to swim and lay out to tan, there is a section outside to do so (from the entrance, you will see it). However, if you came here to party and have a good time in the sun in your bikini/trunks, slip into the dark siddddddeeee- not literally :)The line moves by quickly, and if you are a girl- more then likely, you will get free admission. They hand you a towel and you walk through to the party scene. MAKE SURE YOU DON'T GO INTO THE WATER HERE. It looked infested with STDs. But with enough drinks, I guess that all goes out the door :PGood Music!! Dance Anywhere!! Nice Cabanas!! Great Service!! If you order a pitcher, the gorgeous waitress pour and serve the drinks for you. However, I do recommend bringing in your own drinks (they are allowed). The prices in Vegas are ridiculous.  Ohhhh! Best Part? Sometimes you get to see celebrities come through on the red carpet.  The last time I came, I saw Lil John!!!
3	OMG this place is so dirty and gross.I like it because you get to see a bunch of hot bodies wearing next to nothing and the music is bumping!  You usually see a celebrity hosting something there so that's cool too. I've yet to pay anything to get in but I'm sure they charge sometimes. Yuck the water pool area is horrendous.  My friend says they saw a condom floating in there.  SERIOUSLY!??! The water is this murky grey color.I honestly have so much more fun right OUTSIDE Tao Beach at the huge Venetian pool.  There is a full bar out there, plenty of lawn chairs to lay out and you can still hear the music pretty clearly from that area. But I do love summers in Vegas.  The heat feels so good on my body!
2	This place is really gross. They cram way too many people in (just like at TAO) and then send rude employees around to police them (just like at TAO). Everyone brought their drinks into the pool and this douchebag chose to hound just us about it ALL DAY. Literally all day. We complained to a manager just so he would get out of our faces. The water is grey by noon and you can't even walk around without slipping on slime. There are very few places to just sit or even stand and getting a drink takes way too long. I'll probably never come back. Go to Wet Republic - it's worth the trek down the strip.
5	This was the best birthday I've ever had!
3	i came here mid march at the beginning of spring break, before it got too hot. and the pool was not crowded AT ALL... not like the pictures i see. so it looked pretty sanitary. there were about 10-20 ppl in the pool. we had room to lie down on the ground and eventually even got chairs for the 4 of us girls! now that was the life. sitting there soaking in the sun with our drinks. however i can imagine the madness when this place is at its peak and perhaps my view and rating will change then. however this time around we had a good time :) not much eye candy though... :(
2	Nasty.Unless you get a cabana or table, it's not worth it. There's nowhere to sit and you probably don't want to go into the pool because IT'S OVERFLOWING with people. It is an extremely tiny area so unless you want to be rubbing against people, it's not worth it.
5	Tao Beach has been a hit or miss for some people... Your always going to have the ones that say "I love this place" and the ones that say "It isnt that impressive".Tao Beach is a smaller pool venue compared to a lot of the other ones that just opened in the past 2 years! Tao Beach just did a renovation and turned the old Dj Booth into a large Cabana area to have the VIP's feel more of a Super VIP... and placed the Dj Booth now more on the dance floor area. Tao Beach especially on the weekends gets filled quick due to the over spill of the Palazzo and Venetian guest but not necessarily everyone gets in. I've always enjoyed this spot wether its busy or not, but the crowd always draws attention! Tao Beach is mellow but it also gets crazy... the only thing I dont recommend and not just at TAO Beach is "dont go in the water" haha
5	One of the best places to PARTY in Vegas! If not, THE best! It was also 10x more awesome b/c LMFAO was performing - chyea! If you're ready for some crazy fun, wild girls, and crowds of high-energy people - this is a must-stop during your Vegas trip. Tip: be prepared to enter in your bikini/bottoms, I wasn't. I just came from walking around on the strip and felt too covered up in a tube top dress, while in a sea of half-naked hotties.
3	Wow, wall-to-wall people.  I loved seeing all the different types of people here.  Women of every size and shape rocking their bikinis!   I think if you have a table/cabana, this might be fun to lounge but it's too packed to feel like a pool party. It felt like Bourbon Street on Mardi Gras with a lot less clothing. I had a good time but not sure how I'd feel if I had to pay for it.
4	I had a blast when I went to Tao Beach. Went there on a Saturday and I fell in love! We had a Cabana and the waitreses were lovely. They made sure that we were always well taken care of. It does tend to get super crowded so I suggest early arrival. Definately go there swim suit ready or you may have to strip down to your bra and panties. You definately do not want to feel over dressed when everyone around you is in a sexy little two piece. Make sure you go with an appetite for not only alcohol but for food. It was great. We ordered the Chicken Skewers, fries and some Sushi rolls. We also had Chilled grey goose shots and a delicious variety of alcohol flavored Popsicles!
2	Was pretty dissapointed with this place, it had a lot of people, and could have been a great experience, but the music and dj killed the mood. Hard to explain but it just seemed lazy, like they just turned on a radio and turned the volume up. Hopefully it will be better next time I try it out
1	I'm not impressed. With a $$$ table reserved, we still stood in line for close to 30 minutes when all the general admins paid $20 for immediate access.If you squint too hards, you might miss seeing the kiddie size pool filled with murky oily water. And people pretended to look sexy in the slime. Yuck.Service sucked and so did the drinks and food.The regular hotel pool at the Venetian looked 100% better than this puddle. If you get invited or asked to go, save yourself the trouble and go to a real European style pool at the Mandalay.Skip this adventure and spend you happy dollars else where.
5	One of my favorite clubs in vegas.  This is the best of all the Tao's, i love the warm atmosphere with the beach cabana's doubling as booths, and having a dance floor on the rooftop is pretty nice.
4	This is one of the places to see and be seen, so wear you're best bikini and/ or pool attire. If you're not on the list, prepare to wait in line, lucky for us, that wasn't our case.  A few minutes after arrival we were in and enjoying great music and drinks.  The vibe is incredible, everyone dancing, having a great time - even Holly Madison was there.  The Blue Breeze drink was really good.You know you'll want to do at least one Pool Party while in Vegas, I highly recommend this be one of them - you'll have a great pool day with drinks & friends (old and new).
4	Bought a daybed at Tao Beach for a minimum of $400 on food and drinks. Make sure to go early if you have a reservation because first come first serve on the daybeds. If you don't make it there early you're stuck with a table, which is fine but a daybed would have been better! $400 seems like a lot, but its really not at Tao Beach. I had five other friends with me and we were able to spend all of it within one and a half hours. Definitely a party environment, pools aren't too nice but it's fun with a good crowd. Ending up spending $800 so make sure you keep up with your tab!
3	Tao has some of the most gorgeous bartenders and barbacks... the only reason I stuck by was because one of the barbacks was [eye fucking the shit out of me (Wedding Crashers)] lol The place is too small for it to be poppin like that; the venue is nice and well desinged, and the pool looks like fun! If your interested in a Hooters type of atmosphere... then I recommend it lol
4	As a first time Vegas pool party-er, I have to say this was super fun! I was a little unsure of what to expect - afterall, it IS Vegas. But anything goes at these pool parties! And while it may seem many are image conscious, most party goers are not and are just down to have some fun.We were here for a bachelorette party with about 15 girls. We had a shaded daybed which I highly recommend. Definitely reserve a daybed or cabana otherwise you will be circling and circling to find a place to pop a squat. I saw plenty of people doing that. Otherwise get their early. But a poopl party with a minimum is the best thing to do since you have a reserved spot and food and beverage is included.  Their waitresses are super cute, friendly, and helpful. Not pretentious or snooty at all - especially when you've got a group of 15 girls you're waiting on.The only downside to Tao Beach is it's definitely a small area and the pool itself is tiny. But the DJs were good, and the crowd was lively.
4	I have been to Tao Beach many times, but this time was a special event for Jack Colton's opening party. I wouldn't expect the atmosphere to be like Wet on a non-holiday/non special event day. I got in at about noon and we received our special wristbands + open bar wristbands as well.  TB did a good job of making sure we got the cheapest vodka in the house since it was free. Of course Red Bull drinks were definitely off limits. I pillaged the open bar from 1-3 and everyone pretty much got wasted. Before I got wasted, I do recall my boy KC hitting on one of the lolly pop girls working here and was actually successful. I believe he is still stext'ing her today for his next trip. As the day progressed, the girls get braver with liquor. Either they stripped down to pasties, or just go straight topless. The fellas definitely appreciated it as long as they aren't too saggy. I was so hammered at this point and everyone looked like they had 3 breasts.  Overall Tao Beach is a good place for a quick little pool party pre-game on a Thursday before the real deal during weekend like Wet or Rehab.
2	Blah, nothing special IMHO.Had a cabana with a $2500 minimum.  The waitress was a non-entity... didn't respond to anything.  The food is real crap.  Tried everything on the menu and the only thing reasonable was the fruit plate (served in dim sum steamers).   The kobe beef hot dog was a salty mess -- $2.50 dogs at Top Dog in Berkeley blow them out of the water.  The sushi was barely passable.  The satays were alright, but was too salty (I think salt constitute their only spice or seasoning).    The frozen yogurt was so-so... really yogurty a la frozen yogurt pre-TCBY (ca 1975).    The champagne is a total waste.  Veuve Cliquot yellow as $275  ($40 retail), they had Moet Chandon Imperial "Ice" that was $295 and was total crap.  Their non-alcoholic drinks were fine (a bit pricey, but given the minimum, totally irrelevant).The DJ was really junky and the clientele was pretty trashy.  I'd give it 1.5*.
5	A Friday & Saturday must do especially if you are staying in the hotel!Tao beach is hidden but follow the music to this hidden yet small pool party. Get there early...I would say by noon. The beds are inexpensive at a $200 minimum (@ $50 a pitcher of mojitos thats easy to spend) but only a few of them. The music is great and this place gets RIDIC!! Leonardo DeCaprio was there in the cabana as you walk in when I was there...so look around while you are here. The service was not the greatest but after a few drinks who cares a long as they keep them coming! The pool gets nasty early afternoon. This place is no Rehab but it sure was an amazing time...I stayed at the hotel so it was sooo convenient to hit this place rather than venture out to the other pool parties. I would stay here just go back and have Tao Beach at my finger tips. By the way the vodka, grape, champagne pitcher is sooo tasty!
4	Plus points for the open bar (maybe you had to pay for that? not sure since we got pretty hooked up). Negative points for not allowing beer included in the open bar. Lots of beautiful and fake bodies. Particularly the bartenders/cocktail waitresses who all had tall and incredibly toned bodies who catches everyone's eyes as they walk by. So you come here particularly for the crowd, as the music is simply ok, the area is very small as well as the one pool itself, and daybeds are limited.
3	I have never paid to get into Tao Beach. And not to sound like a bitch/princess or anything, but I never will. The pool somewhat resembles my pool at my apartment complex (pretty, but tiny!) and the water is literally brown everytime I go, but I mean what do you expect? It's a tiny pool filled with drunken Vegas people... DIRTY! Haha. One time I forced myself to go in just to be able to be close to LMFAO (they were performing that day) and the water was hella warm and literally smelled like piss. :(The crowd is usually pretty crazy and the music is pretty good, and don't get me wrong I usually have a good time when I go... I just wish there was more space to move around! AND a larger, more appealing (cleaner maybe?) pool area wouldn't hurt.
5	If you want a relaxing pool party experience with great service, come on a Sunday. If you want a wild party, minimal service, and an overcrowded pool, maybe try your luck on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday. I've been on different days and I still love it every time. It's not overwhelming (like rehab) or underwhelming (like liquid...hahahaha), but just right like that goldilocks story. BTW, the people who work there rock my world. Good coconut shrimp!
3	This place is overrated.Plus:+Party scene before sun down+Good music+Good looking people, the girls here are HOTMinuses:-SUPER crowded in the party pool, and I do not want to go in there, all kind of grossness: sweats, farts, pees, and who knows what else people do in that poolWe ended up chilling at the bigger pool outside where it's more spacious and tame.  Hard to find a chair to lay out and tan, I had to be like a vulture and constantly be on the lookout for someone leaving to get a spot.
4	Just to put it out there -- I am not a "Vegas Person," and by "Vegas Person" I mean someone who enjoys gambling, drinking profusely at crowded clubs, gazing at fake boobs, staying up late, smoking cigarettes, and shouting "Vegaaaaassss!!" for no apparent reason.Somehow I think I did all these things at TAO Beach, which is quite impressive.It cost us $1,000 to get a little poolside bench and two bottles of vodka, but we had fun, and isn't that what really counts? Hm? i thought so.
3	Just as a disclaimer:I am gonna have to go again to write a review...The weather was horrible, I mean freezing goosebumps, cloudy.So it was a pretty mellow day not too many people.  I liked the Zen motif, but it seemed a lil small. Feels pretty secluded, which is a good feeling. Music was okay...Drinks were totally reasonable in pitcher form...Didn't stay that long we were cold!Oh well, later this summer maybe encore beach???
5	Nice fun in the sun.  You can't beat the view!  Wynn, Encore and nice looking women!!!  Be prepared to bring lots of cash for drinks.
1	I do not recommend this small ass pool to anyone.  "Beach" is far from what it actually is.  Given it's vegas, this "beach" is a small, curtained off glorified patio, that's filled wall to wall with lounge chairs and a hanful of cabanas.  I was at least expecting a fake beach experience, hence the name, but no, just a small concrete patio.  It's a tiny pool, maybe 10' x 15', VERY crowded with people just gawking and acting like the jersey shore posers, and the servers are all rude and not at all customer service oriented.  I can't believe that some of those servers even have jobs there.  And I went in the middle of the week, can't imagine how crammed and rude it would be if you went on a weekend.  Just go to the normal pool, much nicer.
4	I loved the DJ at Tao Beach.  The music he spun on a saturday-day was amazing as well as the body on olympic swimmer Michael Phelps!  I had so much fun here.  My only issues with the place is that the pool is waaaay to small.  It looks like a kiddy pool with a bunch of hot sweaty adults in it.  Also, there is noooo place to sit in the shade or even find a lawn chair to sit in/put your stuff.  You need to stake out these spots like vultures.  Maybe if you get there early you'll have better luck?
4	OH YEAHHHH!!!! I had sooo so so much fun hanging at Tao Beach on a Saturday afternoon.  I'm not a huge MTV Spring break y'all!!!-type person, but if you want to drink, party, dance, and sit poolside, I'd recommend this pool over any others in Vegas.  fun fun fun!
4	How do I describe Tao Beach...Do you know that scene in family guy where Stewie has the Navy Captain's hat and there are a bunch of women in bikinis and they all run around to 70's-style, sorta Austin Powers music? That's Tao Beach.It's packed and hot as f--- in the summer. To make up for the inconvenience, God put a bunch of hot, drunk, young women in this pool.
3	I've been here 3 times now. The third time I went in the tiny pool while sober and it is really freaking gross... the water is milky, there were cups and long strands of hair floating around. At one point I stepped on something round and rubbery at the bottom of the pool--perhaps someone's implant had popped out?Their drinks are really good though. The experience is far better if you're able to buy a cabana and order pitchers of their yummy cocktails. If you actually want to swim or sunbathe in peace, there's a regular pool outside the "club".. or go to a pool at any other resort, and chances are it'll be much bigger and hygienic than Tao Beach.
3	What's lurking in the pool at Tao Beach, hopefully stays in the pool at Tao Beach. (STD test pending). So the pool is small and gets increasingly gross as the "five S's" (sweat, spirits, sex, semen, and stinky pee) have less water to disperse in throughout the day. This dilemma makes entering such a concoction questionable, but on a day with temps pushing 110, there's only so much refreshing $50 pitchers of fruity cocktails can do. With a little liquid courage I was in for a dip in the beautiful people's pool. No doubt about it, Tao employs the most gorgeous bikini-clad servers, with seemingly every ethnicity represented well. And all the party people were there, from the GQ wannabes, to the overly tanned girls pouring champagne down their chests as the gym rats gazed on. Pro athletes and pro, umm... porn stars. Even the old guy in a speedo was there, performing dance moves from the 80's that included the karate kid crane kick, the sprinkler, the worm, and some move using the pole leading into the pool I only thought a stripper could pull off.  While the people watching is phenomenal, exposing one's body to the unknown toxicity brewing underwater is reserved for both the sexy and the brave.Was it fun? Yeah, after a few cocktails. Would I ever pay to get in? Hmm, would I swim in the gulf through the oil spill? I need another shower.
5	Wow, everything here is hot hot hot. Hot people. Hot vegas sun and hot venue. Got in here for free with no wait on a sunday with 3 girls and a guy. Even our guy got in for free. Also got hooked up with open bar for 2 hours, no complains there. Cocktail waitresses also walk around with free frozen red bull slushes shots which were ultra refreshing in 107 degree weather. The only thing i didnt enjoy was the fact that you couldn't take your drink by the pool, you can't even have a cup of water with you. You have to drink your drinks at the bar. Unless you got a daybed or cabana then you can do pretty much whatever you want. We got offered a day bed for 400 drink and food minimum which i thought was pretty reasonable but we were so worn out from the clubs that we opted out of it. Plus, why would i want to pay when they were offering open bar! TIPS- Ladies- talk to promoters and make sure you name drop at the front and get the bracelets that will get you open bar! Guys, the best way to get in will be to stay at either the palazzo or the venetian. If you are not paying for daybed/cabana then make sure you go early to grab a seat by the pool. Tao beach is pretty small and it definitely gets crowded fast.
4	We arrived at Tao Beach's entry line with frozen margaritas in hand - we were asked to dispose of them before entering..okay, let's chug a frozen margarita at the drop of a hat. Note - even in 105 degree heat, you can still get a brain freeze. Don't try to bring your outside cocktail in.With 4 girls and 4 guys together on guestlist, we were all escorted in at no charge. While there was no real place to set our belongings down or sit to relax, this was no matter to us since the boys decided to light up their cigars and people watch and we ventured off to the bar to partake of open bar until 3 pm for ladies! The pool party was awesome, if you just remind yourself to enjoy the good company, the great dj and the half dozen little beach balls that come flying your way in the pool. We had a great time making friends with another group from the Bay Area, and an even more gut-busting great time laughing our asses off playing in the pool, watching drugged out Silver Foxes (refer to 'What to watch out for' in XS post) drop it like it's hot and getting super-soakered by the people in the raft in the pool!My first time here far surpassed my expectations; I would return in a heartbeat.
5	I loved it!!!! Even when it was too hot out i didnt not want to leave!
5	I love Tao Beach - I've been here twice this summer and keep wanting to go back. The pool water is kind of dirty, but it's hard to not go in because it gets hot quickly especially when it's packed. The frozen drinks are awesome - I love the frozen lemonade and the Tao tini. The music is great too, they usually play mainstream hip hop jams. The crowd is fun, good looking, and pretty friendly. I love coming here but it's a huge battle to drink hard during the day and rally to go out at night. I feel like if you want to keep your sanity, you have to choose if you're going to commit to day drinking or night drinking. Of course you can do both, but I get pretty burnt out after a long day at the pool. Also, there's no real spot to put your things down. Bring the absolute bare necessities - ID, credit card/cash, and room key and you're set.
4	Tao Beach was great. Checked into the hotel, and the first stop was Tao Beach! To our surprise, there wasn't a line when we got there. 4 guys, 1 girl, no cover and no wait.  Got in and the first thing I see, topless girls!I knew from then on it was gonna be a good time.The waitresses are HOT. The people are HOT.  Everything is HOT, including the weather!  Drinks are pricey but its Vegas, $9 Bud Lights, $13 shots of Belve but who cares, we are here to party!I hope to be back when they have a special DJ spinning, I hear it gets even crazier!PS. The water is pretty gross, but who cares, your drunk anyways!
2	Tao Beach wasn't for me.  Perhaps I wasn't drunk enough or I'm just in a different place in my life but it was straight mayhem.  Some could vouch that in another life I would of thought this place was hook up heaven between the drinking and the good looking people.  But I've hung up my party hat and all I can see was the Jersey Shore Cast times infinity in every nationality!  I know it sounds like I may be a hater as well but I just couldn't get on that train.  The idea of getting in a tiny ass pool that was past capacity of bodies just was gross.  The music at some points were so intense that I felt like I was on Red Bull.  Definitely not for me!
4	I went on a Monday and there was no cover for men or women...yay!  For a Monday, it wasn't dead but it wasn't balls to the wall either.  Tao Beach is really small so on a regular weekend or big Holiday weekend, I'd think it would be too packed.  On weekdays, it's topless optional.  Some women had the boobies out but majority did not.  I had raspberry mojitos and they were really good.  The DJ was really, really good on this particular Monday.  Not sure if it's the resident DJ or if it was a guest DJ.  Security was super friendly too.  The place closed promptly at 6pm.
2	This place was so small!!! I went on Saturday at 1pm when it was Pamela Anderson's birthday, so she was there. Can't get any more poppin' than that right? Well it was alright. Very mixed crowd, diverse ethnicity, ages and pretty even in both genders. Everyone was having a great time and the music was typical hip hop with some random mix in. Drinks were expensive though! Some of my friends enjoyed their drinks, but some didn't. It was like $14! ALL the seating was full and my girlfriends and i had to just ask some random guys for seats and to put down our bags. meh!The pool was minuscule, smaller than a regular swimming pool! and there was a mini pool on the other side but no one's in that. For this event, it was pretty crowded, people were right next to you at the pool and there's no space. There were a couple beach balls going around. The ground of the pool was really rough and annoyed me though.My girls and i got in for free and the line wasn't long. The regular pools looked so much nicer, and I thought would be just as fun. Although the vibe in TAO beach was definitely rowdier and ready to party! I***Tips: Girls get in free! pavilion stamping beforehand next to coffee bean. You get a towel at the door.Favourites: The vibeDo not want: So small! Long bathroom lines, no lockers?Last words: not coming back
2	It's cool. It's free if you're staying here. And unless you're willing to fork out $$$ for the cabanas, there isn't much places to chill out. It's quite crowded. I'd prefer some other pools to just lounge.
4	It's summa time in the city of sin. Triple degree temps. Paul Van Dyke on the 1's & 2's. Did it right this time. Spent my days here and loved every sweltering minute of it.
3	Girls and guys gone wild! TAO Beach is crammed with gorgeous people... but it's way too close for comfort - for me at least. The pool is tiny, and by the end of the day, half the water has been splashed out of the pool and is completely murky. We didn't have to wait in line or pay a cover to get in on a Saturday afternoon, which was a plus, but the place was a madhouse. On the upside, because the place is so small, it's much easier to make friends with complete strangers who will let you hang out in their lounge area.For the ultimate Vegas pool party experience, my vote is definitely for Wet Republic or Encore Beach Club.
2	What is the point of going here??? None...... I went with 4 women.... They wanted to charge me but changed their mind once the women were going to leave...It's really crowded...... No place to sit...Just go relax at the Venetian pool.. It is free... and you can swim.....A mojito was 10 bucks plus tip...Maybe we would go back.....
5	Tao Beach is literally as good as it gets. My husband and I were there on 7/25 and had the time of our lives. We had two amazing, fantastic servers, Laura and Amy, who catered to everything we needed and were never far away from our two chaise lounge chairs right next to the pool. The scene was placid in the early hours, and slowly became sexy mania, with beach balls flying everywhere, guys and chicks splashing in the pool, hot sexy house beats, Beatport action, beautiful ladies, sexy men and one of the most BEAUTIFUL, intimate pool settings I have ever seen. It felt like a mini-harem, and I loved every minute of it. I have been to Moorea, Wet Republic and Bare, and while they are all fun in their own way, Tao Beach is smaller, more intimate, beautiful and sexy in a way that the others cannot replicate. I sincerely recommend you check it out. Sit down, and order a frozen red bull, and just watch the action unfold around you. Its great fun, and I think you'll love it. Trust me :)
4	Take any lounge/club but make it during the daytime + outside at a nice pool + there you have Tao Beach. And, of course, true to any clubbing-like experience, your perceptions of how good your time was is dependent on        A) how hot/fun/young the crowd is that day            +        B) how much you drinkOur group of all girls came on a Sunday early afternoon + pretty much had a good time considering the crowd was young + good-looking + we each had at least a few drinks in our system. If you're looking for a place to just lay out + relax, Tao Beach isn't for you. You can go to a regular hotel pool for that. This is one of the many hotspots to get the party started before night falls.* Location - Before heading to the pool, the line starts downstairs where you have to get hand-stamped on the ground floor by the Coffee Bean. I don't know if this is how they always do it, but it's pretty smart to have this first bouncer indoors considering the heat. Once stamped on the wrist http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qEJjv2k8nDhOiYpmi_aVOw?select=iAkuMc24VMqSvK2cT2_2nA, the Venetian pools are up on the 4th floor where you'll pass through the regular pool before seeing the line + hearing the bumping music for Tao Beach. Here's another line where you get your wristband + a complimentary towel.   * Parking - Venetian self-park, walk over, or take a taxi.* Venue - Yea, it's pretty small... Most of the action happens at a shallow pool at the far end where party-goers dance + mingle in the cloudy waters http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qEJjv2k8nDhOiYpmi_aVOw?select=Mfs0mR6_guMJ0b8IFXgD2Q then there's a middle section of daybeds + umbrellas before the bar + some tables at the other end. The whole area is surrounded by tables + colorful cabanas that you can reserve for a pretty penny. Unless all the tables aren't reserved or you know people (or can get to know people, haha) who have tables, there isn't much space to tan or leave your things. There's another really small jacuzzi-sized pool by the bar, but it's in an awkward place so no one really goes in there.* Cleanliness - Like any pool, it's not going to be clean after a only couple hours. Considering that there's hundreds of people dancing, splashing + doing their thing in there all day... mmm yea, murky waters. However, there's staff around that monitors that no one's drinking in the pool. The guy blows a whistle + points so everyone pretty much stares down the wrong-doer until he/she gets out. The pool deck area is fine. It can get pretty slippery when wet, though, if you're walking or dancing around barefoot. * Crowd - It takes a certain kind of person to come to a pool party... one who isn't shy to strip down to a bikini/swim shorts + is down to get their drink on in broad daylight to loud bumping music. Tao Beach is for the young + good-looking... plus the many who wish they were or have the guts to come. Seeing a 40-something year old guy doing a gyrating solo performance on the side of the pool + flashing a thong under his shorts was an interesting spectacle, haha. Other than that, expect the people here to be slightly on the younger side of the 21+ crowd.  * Music - Top hip hop hits plus some EDM mixed in here + there. I'm pretty sure the DJ played some repeats during the 3-4 hours we there, but whatever. It's the kind of beats that has everyone up + dancing in the pool or having a good time on the deck or by the bar. * Bar - There's a few small tables to sit at, but it's mostly just a small bar at the end specializing in frozen drinks + whatever else you'd want to keep you cool in the Vegas heat. There's another bar closer to the pool as well. I honestly didn't spend too much time at the bar but when I did drink... I wasn't the one buying, haha. Bartenders are hot chicks. * Drinks - As mentioned, they specialize in frozen drinks + have some of their red-bikini waitresses going around with shots. Prices are high... in the range of $10+ for most everything, but then again it is Vegas...* Bathroom - It's very inconveniently located all the way back by the entrance to the whole pool area. Sure it's a decent size, but considering how many people are not only at Tao Beach but also the general Venetian pool... yea. Go before you enter if you can.  * Price - Like pretty much every other group of girls, we got in free. It being a summer weekend, guys have to pay... but the amount is anything from $20 + up depending on how many guys + how crowded the space is. If you're a guy, I recommending either staying at Venetian or Palazzo to get in free or coming early with a group of girls to help your chances of not having to wait forevermore or pay more.    * Misc - The day we went happened to be Pamela Anderson's birthday http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qEJjv2k8nDhOiYpmi_aVOw?select=GgsOJyOXaAlwlYWGBtrUtw so she made a 30-second appearance at the DJ booth before disappearing back into the private cabanas. Too bad I didn't manage to snap a picture of her...
4	On days like today when I'm not in Las Vegas...not by the pool at Tao Beach...not enjoying the views...not drinking a mojito....not smoking a CAO honey flavored cigar...not listening to the dj spinning the top 40... I think about when i was and smile to my self.... my heart gets all warm and then ....I start trying to figure out when is a good time to go back. I did however drop a star for the one time I went and the staff was acting like jerks just because some celebrity was throwing their birthday party there, but hey who offers consistently good service in Las Vegas?
1	heard bad things about this spot and after experiencing it personally, it is not a good spot..
3	Wow, overrated much? Tiny, tiny space packed with waay too many people.We came for a friend's b-day and managed to negotiate for a bed with a $600 F&B minimum (usually around $1k). The beds are packed together and the pool is kind of a joke. By the mid-day, the line was insane and by then, people who had no bed/chair reservations were just throwing $100s to the doormen to let them in (which really ruins it for the paying customers).Also on the Saturday I went, it was kind of a taco fest (which could be a great if you're a dude) but just beware, all the single ladies.
1	fail fail fail. First time it was cool, we had a promoter hook us up with a good day bed...shady and everything.The pool near the bar area seems like a kiddie pool because everyone is sardined into it. I'm sure the water is a mixture of Alcohol and Pee since everyone is drunk. The other pool on the other side is roomy, but can get pretty packed as well.Compared to other pool parties such  as Wet Republic at the MGM -- the people here are your average vegas partiers. Wet republic got those flashy people who think their hoop earrings can work as floaties. No hate on them however - if you got the body flaunt it i guess =)Second time around the guy who was running the day bed reservations line was a total douche bag eater. Extremely rude and acted like he was the business. He snatched my ID out of my hand and handed it over to our server. I asked him if I was going to get my ID back and he replied "NOPE!" and walked away.8 of us girls got sat at a corner of a bench...daybed what? no shade whatsoever ... L a m e. I guess i should be thankful that we at least got a spot to sit. By the time we left they still failed to give me back my ID...Luckily I was prepared and brought a spare ID so I wouldn't be stuck at the hotel all weekend. Thanks TAO BEACH but NO THANKS.
1	Just like the club, TAO Beach is waayyyy overrated.  Sure, the girls get in for free, but the boys have to pay $20.  I have to admit that when I first came here, I was super excited!  The music that can be heard from outside the place was awesome! If you like top 40 music mixed with electropop then this place provides.  The thing is..you seriously don't need to be in this place to hear the great music.  It can be heard from the regular Venetian pool that's right next to it bc it's so freaking loud.  Plus you have more room to swim, let alone walk around, cuz TAO Beach is so DINKY! Unless you have a cabana or whatever, this place isn't worth going to.  My friends and I were seriously in and out.  We got a cool bracelet though! Hahah.  That's really the only thing I would go there for- the novelty bracelet (sad huh? ahah).  Basically, everything's the same for TAO (club).  Small, crowded, and stinkin' overrated. Sorry guys but usually first time noobies (i.e. just turned 21 year olds) hit this place up and will soon realize what a sucky place it is.  On the plus side, there are hot naked girls in the tubs inside the club! Other than that, blah to everything TAO.
2	I've been to Wet Republic, Encore Beach Club, Moorea Beach Club, and TAO beach.  TAO beach can't compare to any of those.  The people aren't as hot and the people are SLOPPY.  It's a hot mess.We waited at the bar for what seemed to be over 15 minutes trying to get a drink.  I guess this is better than the 45 minutes it takes at night when it's a club.  The pool is so tiny.  I think it might be the size of the large spa in my apartment complex.  Yes, seriously.  Imagine about 75 people crammed into a pool that could barely accomodate 40.  There was almost an inch of water surrounding the pool area because 3/4 of the idiots in the pool were throwing the water in the air for 30 minutes straight.If you want to go to the ultimate pool party in Vegas...definitely skip TAO beach.
2	Ok so Tao beach is exactly how all the other reviews stated. Small pool lots of jersey shore d-bags and a sausage fest. I recommend the pool outside of Tao it's nice not grimy beautiful bar available and the girl to guy ratio is better. If you do like jersey shore scene hang at the filthy small pool at Tao beach and pay an arm and leg for drinks!
4	Tao Beach is basically a continuation of your party from the previous night. Yeah the pools are smalls and drink prices are high, but refer to my previous sentence. Lets be real who comes here to swim........hot girls, hot guys, awesome music, food , drinks...what else do you need!If you are looking for a serene pool to relax you should have turned around when you saw the ropes and bouncers.
4	hello "beach"!it is ridiculous that they call such a small enclosed off area a 'beach'. yet, the full effect is there - it's exclusive so people want to go here. the music adds to this allure. and the beautiful people definitely help too.anyhow, my friend liz got me in for free, so my review may be slightly biased. it is packed, and the one 'water' area is questionable, but a live dj, alcohol, and the company can turn any pool into a "beach". note: the drinks, though steep, pack quite a punch. i didn't feel as jipped as i normally would. also, brody jenner and co. celebrated his birthday that day, so its possibly that it may have been a bit more packed than usual. lastly, if you have a fupa, stay in the waters. i know i did.
5	After being to TAO beach again this past weekend, this is by far one of my favorite places. Its intimate and people here just have a good time.Like I said in my previous review, the water is gross but who cares! lolThank you Marklen for hooking up the JC crew this past weekend. Good job on bringing in the girls from the Rhino as well, nice eye candy :D
3	This is a really fun pool party to go to on Sundays because of their open bar from 1-3.  They're really generous with their vodka.  Everytime I go there, I always get a good buzz on.  I normally get a cranberry vodka, so they'll pour half a glass of vodka and the rest cranberry and pineapple.  They DJ's great.  The only thing I didn't like about TAO beach is the actual pool.  It's not very clean.  There are other pools on the strip that are alot cleaner.  Other than that, TAO beach is always a good time!  Also includes lots and lots of fun eye candy too ;)
3	(-)-gotta walk all the way to the back corner to find it-small-good luck finding a place to put your stuff down-nothing but house. untz untzMaybe its cause I was exposed to wet republic first but this place was seriously small. The actual pool was teeny tiny, took up maybe a third space of the whole place.drinks are typically priced ~14 bucks.We got a comped cabana but kept getting bumped out until we finally had to leave cause all the cabanas were bought. At that point we were like fuck it theres no way were gonna try to find a spot to put all our shit down so we left. Didn't get to really scope out the crowd.I can see how a small ass pool like that can get the party started by squeezing a whole bunch of drunkies together but its a little to invading my personal space for me.
3	the experience here was okay. we got moved several different times, though we didnt have to pay for the seats, it got kind of tiresome. we did get comped for a cabana by the pool. which was nice. they have a yummy frozen lemonade, you dont really taste the alcohol in it initially but things always taste better when guys buy it for you, right? the music playing was trance, electronic it wasnt really my taste but when you are having fun in the pool it doesnt really matter. and if you go on a weekday like us, on a tuesday, its not as packed.
2	Initial Thoughts - "Hey, isn't this the top, roof level of Tao, the club I went to on Friday/Saturday nights?"  Why, yes it is.  "Then why does it seem so much smaller?"  Well, because it is.  It's smaller than most hotel pools.  In fact, it's smaller than the hotel pool it's adjacent to... which is owned by the same hotel.  And that one is free.Entry Fee - I got in for free because of six wonderful female friends, but I can't imagine paying for it.  Or if I did, I would be even more disappointed.Music - Not bad actually.  Maybe this is where it gets the second star.  It's regular EDM (electronic dance music) and house music, so if you're into it, at least you'll have something to look forward to.  Nothing mind-blowing but it was pleasant.Bathroom - Way too far, it's where the normal hotel pool is so you have to walk out of the venue to use it. And there's a line.  For dudes.  Didn't notice any showers either so we left after being in the pool water.Pool water - Eh, it was ok.  Everyone else said it was dirty.  I thought it met [low] expectations.Crowd - Not my style.  I'm not an elitist nor am I any better than the next person, but it just seems like a place where a bunch of people decide to go to flaunt their tattoos & bodies (which I'm ok with), and pay $14/drink, an entrance fee, slightly "exclusive"  rights to get in, and call it high class.  There's really nothing high class about it.  It's a college pool party for people out of college.  Simple as that.The security is also very anal about where you leave your stuff - and since it's such a small place, there aren't many places where you can leave your belongings and there's no check-in booth either.  Do yourself a favor - pay to get into Encore Beach Club for a better, more spacious, luxurious experience.  Or go to your local hotel pool party for free (Bally's and MGM come to mind).
4	Places like this is all about who you're with.  So with that said, I had a blast @ Tao Beach!  It was Thursday noon and the place was pumping with good music and nice looking people.  The food and drinks were both up to par, so the slow service could easily be overlooked.  Having a cabana and its semi-full service also enhanced the experience. The pool is tiny, but a place like this is really not for swimming anyway.  Will I go back again? Hellzz-Yezz!
2	I really thought I would like this place and maybe under different circumstances I would.We did not have to pay cover, which is always nice. Not paying cover was about the only thing that I ended up liking about this place. Once in the place there was just nowhere to put our stuff, so that we could enjoy ourselves. The pool was beyond packed and I swear I saw some weird stuff floating in the pool. I get horrible flashbacks when I look at my pool in Florida.The music was crap but I expected it to be generic top 40 and house type of place.The drink I had was decent, but overall it was a completely unforgettable experience.My recommendation is fork over the cash and get a cabana or try a different pool party. Rehab perhaps.
4	Tao beach.....awesome place with some hella cute bartenders! Security staff was also pretty nice even when my friends were rough-housing and they just told them to stop; a nice friendly warning. Friendly folks surrounds the pools and a good place to relax. Definitely coming back when me and the boys hit up Vegas!
2	I heard so much good stuff about this place. So finally, with friends in town for a weekend in August and we decided to hit up this place. Got a promoter to add us to the guestlist and thought that was badass. Got there and found out guestlist meant nothing. There is pretty much nowhere to sit and put your stuff if you don't have a daybed  But there was open bar for females from 1p-3p.So we called up a friend and ended up getting a daybed. So that was nice. It was right in front of the pool. And the pool was quite small and filled with dudes, and not very good looking ones that day. Bummer.Overall, not that great. Perhaps my expectations were too high? But the pool was small and crowded, and if you want a place to sit, you need to get a bed or cabana. The music was not that great either. I'd rather take the walk over to Azure.
1	Tao Beach is one of the clubs in Vegas that started allowing topless sunbathing.  In fact, they advertise "European sunbathing permitted" and they display a poster outside the club showing a graphic of 3 beautiful topless women by a pool (their backs turned, but it's clear they are topless).  The club was crowded and must have had over 200 women, but not one of them was topless the entire time I was there.  I've travelled all over beaches in Europe and can tell you there was no "European sunbathing" going on at Tao.  But that's not why I'm giving it 1-star.  While I personally consider American prudishness silly and consider it perfectly natural for women to go topless at beaches, I'm constantly seeing topless women in my work as a photographer, and so the lack of topless women wasn't really that big of a disappointment.  But, I just think that if the whole purpose of this club is "European sunbathing" it's ridiculous when it's just American sunbathing like pretty much every other pool in Vegas.Since I'm a guy and didn't bring with me a beautiful women (topless or otherwise) I had to pay $20 cover.  Oh well, no big deal I thought; I wasn't expecting it to be free after all.  The person who took my money didn't mention any other charges.  So, when I went inside and noticed some empty chairs, but lots of apparently uncomfortable people crowding around the pool instead of taking one of those empty chairs, I figured there must be a charge to sit down in one of the chairs.  Sure enough, I asked and was told I'd have to pay a $100 drink/food minimum to sit in a chair! How ridiculous!  Even with their basic drinks that cost $14, I'd be drinking 7 drinks!  Since I wasn't planning to get drunk, I instead sat around the pool with the other people.  I didn't have any problem with that anyway, since the main action seemed to be by the pool, and anyway sitting around the pool was perfectly comfortable for me.  The only real problem was that there was no place to put my stuff (I had a backpack with me), and so when I went up to the bar to get a drink, I had to take my back pack with me.You'd think that for a place that charges $20 cover and a $100 minimum to sit in one of their basic chairs, would have a decent changing room.  This club isn't just for guests of the hotel, so some place to change seems in order.  Well, the only place to change was one of the restroom stalls.  The restrooms aren't even in the club.  To use the restroom, you have to leave the club and use one of the restrooms by the regular hotel pool just outside of the pool.So even if there wasn't any "European sunbathing" I was still expecting this club to have lots of the beautiful people.  There were certainly lots of women that were above average, but I saw only 1 woman at the level of women whom I photograph.  On the plus side, I should say though that at least I saw relatively few women with implants. Speaking of beautiful women, I saw several very beautiful women around the regular hotel pool just outside the club.After having a drink and hanging out for an hour, I was getting bored, so decided to leave.  Tao wasn't worth the $20 I paid for cover and $14 for a drink.If I ran this club, I'd make damn sure it lived up to its billing of "European sunbathing".  It wouldn't be hard to do that.  All I'd have to do is make a special offer whereby women who go topless get entered in to a drawing for $1000 in chips or something similar.
2	So we got into TAO and they opened up TAO beach for the night, I'm thinking YES, pool party at night! WRONG.They didn't even open up the pool..what the heck! And to add to it, that pool is extremely small...It's a small place and a lot of people needing air from inside the club were spilling out into the pool area, filling up the place real quick. I met up with some friends that got a table so we were serviced pretty well and our server was soooo cute! Too bad he was gay, I would've been happier if he wasn't.
5	Open bar, free day bed, great music, lots of sunshine...in October!!  For those who don't live in the Pacific Northwest, you have no clue what a nice treat this is!I think I'll spend every afternoon for the rest of my life at Tao BeachI must say near the end I contemplated puking in the pool but decided it would be incredibly unsexy...
4	Right when I walked in and looked at the murky water, I proclaimed to my friends that I was NOT getting in the pool.However, once I saw how much fun everyone was having (and once I started dying from heat stroke), I said fuck it and exposed myself to all of the possible diseases everyone had, and danced my ass off underwater.Some people were really immature and started splashing everyone during each song, but overall everyone was just having a good time and enjoying the sunshine and music.It's definitely worth going on a hot summer day when you don't want to wait for nightfall to dance a bunch. Expensive drinks, but nothing out of the ordinary. The DJ played a little too much techno (versus hip hop) for my taste, but all in all it was quite an experience.
5	We had the BEST time at TAO Beach!!!  I was quite reluctant to spend the day at Tao Beach after reading several negative reviews on Yelp, and I am happy to report that our favorite part of our vegas vacation was at Tao beach!!  Staff-  Very nice and helpful!  Our waitresses were soooo sweet.  Pool- Is very small like all the other reviews have said   Friday the pool had maybe 15-20 people in it and it was perfect.  Saturday there seemed like hundreds of people in the pool and the water seemed a bit murky.  But everyone was so drunk they didn't seem to care much.   We went on both Friday and again on Saturday because we had so much fun on Friday.  Music- DJ plays all the jams!! Everything from Bob Marley to Rap to house...  Location- we were guests at the Venetian but we had a hell of a time finding this place.  We had to ask 4 employees before finally finding it.  But boy am i glad we did!  Drinks-  They are quite expensive, but just for the ambiance/scene it's worth it.  Helpful Tip-  Get a daybed or some sort of seating...  We got a daybed and they charge a minimum.  But it's was sooo worth it to have your own place to put your things down and dance in that area, plus they have pretty good food and all of that would apply towards your minimum.  We can't wait to go back to vegas so we can hit up Tao again!!!
4	TAO beach was very cool.. It was crowded but it was a pool party. The drinks were expensive I had to ask the bartender twice cause I got a $14 mixed drink lol...It was a typical pool party but the Venetian is a very nice hotel
4	Went here for Halloween wkend on Sat. Very busy as usual. Had a DJ playing great music!The view was awesome and the set up!!Def a place to go to during the day or evening!!
4	Fun!! .. But once is enough, really. This place was packed with.. bodies!... Was super hot so jumped in the pool... We had a cool spot at the back where we managed to chill out... Drinks were nice though suuuuuper sweet... Think it was like $10 or so.... Considering that this place offered the typical toprubbish 40, I had good time.
2	So all this hype about Tao Beach... Got there, it was nothing like I imagined. It looked liked kiddie pools compared to the other places. It was free cover for girls, and open bar (well drinks) until a certain time, so I can't complain. But for the guys that do have to pay cover, I think you would find it more worth it to pay cover to the other pools like Wet Republic and such.  Less cramped, and probably nicer pools too.
4	So this is where all the beautiful people are!  thank G-d!After the previous visits to vegas surrounded by little kids, and people who weigh at least 250lbs it was a wave of fresh air to be surrounded to people who know how to put the fork down.The cover is $20 for guys and free for the ladies (AS IT SHOULD BE).  Come here to see and be seen- judgey pants on!
4	Great music! beautiful people! I love the open air and the fact that I am standing on top of a really high building. The view is superb. I don't feel like it's too crowded and the best part is it's not too much of a hassle to get drinks! now that's what I am talking about. The drinks are pretty pricey, but face it, it is VEGAS! Love the current music! I love how Tao is knowledgeable when it comes to running a nightclub. Yes, dear girls are the key, so let us in FIRST! every other nightclubs should learn this. Girls equals more guys, which guys have to pay for cover and they love buying drinks, which equals more money for the nightclub. SMART!!
3	We were able to get a free bed and we were very thankful since being hungover the night before.  The area is so small!  The day beds were very close to one another and every time I laid down I felt people's feet were going to be in my face.  The service was meh.  Our waitress gave us our order and disappeared! Didn't see her for a good hour, especially since we wanted to order more drinks and food.  She finally gave us our bill and disappeared again!  The music was ok, typical house music.
5	I've been meaning to write a review of Tao Beach for a while now, so here it is:My husband and I got married in Las Vegas in August 2010, and after the ceremony we celebrated at Tao Beach with a group of about 25 people. We ordered bottle service for everyone, which definitely wasn't cheap, but prices were comparable to other clubs that we had considered before choosing Tao. And you only get married once, so we were willing to drop a couple G's that night. Tao Beach is located on the rooftop deck of Tao Nightclub. The two clubs are affiliated with each other, but they're separated into indoor and outdoor spaces.  We went there on a Thursday night, and it was insanely packed with people waiting outside to get in. I had been to Pure (inside Caesar's Palace) before on a Thursday, and it was empty compared to Tao. I'm not sure what it's like at Tao on a Friday or Saturday night, but if you're in town on a Thursday, definitely try to get into Tao. We had made our table service reservations in advance, so we had no problem getting in, but if we hadn't, we probably would have had to take our group elsewhere. Our group had its own bottle service area in a cabana that was a bit more elevated than the rest of the club. I really liked the beach-like environment. There were palm trees, tropical plants, a pool and cabanas with Spanish tile roofs. We had a beautiful view of one of The Venetian's towers, and it was cool to be outside and look at the stars while we partied. The service at Tao Beach was excellent. Granted, when you drop a couple G's, everyone is going to be your best friend. Our server, Jackie, and all of the bouncers were really friendly and accommodating. We also worked with Sergio in making the reservations, and he was very helpful and got us in the door right away. Also, Tao let us bring in our wedding photographer to shoot photos of our group.Here's some advice: If you go to Las Vegas, go all out. The only way you're going to get the true party-like-a-rock-star experience is by spending some money, so don't be cheap. You can't party like this every night, so save some money to ensure that you have a good time; it's well worth it. Our wedding was everything we had dreamed of: We got married with 25 of our closest friends and then partied it up like rock stars at one of the hottest nightclubs in Las Vegas. Tao Beach's excellent service and fun atmosphere made our special night extra special. Thanks, Tao!
3	We originally came here hoping to get into TAO, but the place was packed so they opened up TAO Beach and we were up here for most of the night. Maybe it's cooler during the day when they actually open up the pool and you feel like you're at the beach, but this place was just okay. I certainly appreciated that we were outdoors so it was much cooler than the indoor TAO which was ridiculously hot. However, you miss out on the cool atmosphere and all of the interesting decor by going here instead of the regular TAO. I guess in the end i'd rather not have my shirt completely stuck to my body though so I'm glad we ended up here.I also saved a ton of money by getting a Fat Tuesday instead of ordering too many drinks here, though we did get a couple shots here for around $7-8 each.
2	This is definitely the worse beach club I have been to. Yeah its fun on certain days when Party Rock makes an appearance... otherwise its just an overcrowded area with a small, dinky, and grimy pool!
3	10.16.10Come early to snag a spot, if you can get up in time.Crowd with nice bods ready to party under the sun.Couldn't stay too long as I get claustrophobic, though...
5	Had a BLAST partying it up here at night! Super cool tents and the pool, with the outdoor bars. Really great vibe of people too, it was so mellow, relaxing, fun, and very Vegas! Had a great time.
4	TAO Beach is always a good time.  Although it's not as big as some of the other pools in Vegas, you'll find some of the hottest people ever having a good time under the sun.We always get one of the cabanas that come equipped with AC, flat screens, gaming console and a mini-bar.  The cabanas are strategically located in front of the pool area so that you're not missing out on any of the action or any of the people watching that makes Vegas so much fun.  It's a bit pricey to go that route, but if you're with a group of people, it's worth the extra money to have your own exclusive spot to hang out without getting separated in the masses of people who come to TAO Beach.  As mentioned by other Yelpers, the pool is small and the bathrooms are quite a trek away, but the staff is awesome and the experience is like no other.  TAO Beach also has world-class DJs who play good music and keep the crowd engaged.  The ambience here really can't be matched by any other pool party in Vegas.  And, if you like mojitos, you can't go wrong with buying pitchers at $50 a pop.  They hit the spot while you're partying under the hot Las Vegas sun.At night, TAO Beach is a refreshing getaway from the loud music and crowds at TAO Nightclub. TAO Beach is definitely a must-do.
3	3.7 starswhat's the difference with this and Tao Night Club? It's the same thing right? perhaps I was too drunk to notice the difference...whoops!
4	On a trip to TAO, my friends & I needed a place to cool off from the dancing downstairs.  We headed up to TAO Beach & found the air.  You can sit without paying for drink service & they had heaters since it was a bit cool.  Plus drinks come in plastic cups so you can take them with you
4	You want to enjoy a club-like atmosphere in Vegas without as much of the lines, and cost, etc? Go to a pool party.Get a small group of like-minded people together, leave your complaining friends at the free pool and check out Tao Beach on a Saturday afternoon. The 3 of us had passes so we didn't have to worry about the price going up. I celebrated part of my birthday here and we had a great time. We didn't get a cabana we just walked around and met people and hung out. Drinks weren't too bad, I remember buying a bunch of $6 shots... That might be why I don't remember everything about that night.Seating is definitely an issue so if you don't need it don't bring it. Oh and this is a pool in Vegas so you may want to start hitting up the gym a few months before your trip, no one at Tao Beach is interested in your personality...
2	This review is more for the local looking to hang out by a pool. This is not the place! Yes, we got in for free being on the guest list but if you do not have a cabana or lounge chair reserved, forget laying out by the pool. Something the VIP guy forgot to mention to us before we said yes to the guest list even when we confirmed we didn't need a reservation. You can sit on benches up near the bar for free and that's about it. My friend I like to listen to music, have some beer, and chill out at the pool but with only 2 of us, we were not about to drop $500 (or more depending on where we would sit.) Plus the place is so small that I could not imagine it packed. We left and went to the Flamingo where we know we can have a seat, enjoy the atmosphere and have room to actually stand up. I don't know if I would even come back to Tao when I do have 10 people with me and pay for this place.
3	Got here at 11AM after a long night at Surrender the night before.  The guy said we had a table in the 'party zone'.  Turns out, his 'party zone' meant the side pool.  The upside to all this was that our table was in the shade and right by the pool, which meant we had a nice hideout from the scorching sun and the sea of people.We had a $500 minimum, and ended up spending $1000, not too bad - i just wish i remember drinking all that booze.  What we all DID notice, however, was that it was quite a sausage fest at times, but i guess that's to be found anywhere.On added note, a surprise appearance by Tiesto, Jamie Foxx, and Gabrielle Union (the latter two of which most of my group missed) is the topping on the cake. Not a bad pool to party at - the waitresses provided additional eye candy when the guests just didn't supply.  Drinks were aplenty and delicious (I recall something with lemonade being the best, but please don't take my word for it), and theres nothing better than some 'r&r' by the pool
4	Oh my goodness, my time at TAO Beach was such a blur!!! It was my first official pool party in Vegas and my friends and I went all out! I don't think I would have enjoyed my time there, had our group not gotten a cabana. Initially, we had plans to just hang out around the pool and get a few drinks. After five or ten minutes of being there, we realized that there was absolutely no where to sit and standing was not an option. Not to mention, the water in the pool was murky and pretty disgusting. We talked to one of the waitresses and decided to chip in for cabana, which came with our own personal bottle service and security. We even got ourselves a hookah pipe. I think the tab came to about four grand, but it was worth every penny--everyone had the time of their life!
3	Over rated...way to small of a pool :( one of the few places in the desert that can get pretty humid...get here early...I will say this though-if you have a chance to see the pool at night when going to Tao-do it-it is really pretty...
2	LOL. This place is absolutely over the top. And no, not really in a good way. They really try so hard to be THE vegas pool party but they're trying way too hard. Music blasting in a tiny pool area that's so packed with people that you can't really do much else besides stand (or sit if you're lucky enough or have enough game to find somewhere) there and get a sunburn. Cocktail waitresses running around waving ridiculous inflatable pool toys over their heads. It's all a bit much.Also, maybe because this was my first time at a dayclub/pool party, I've never seen so many fake tans and fake boobs in my life. This combined with over-tanned, over-confident men badly in need of a gym membership was enough for us to peace out 10 minutes after getting in. I get it. This is Vegas. Expect the ridiculous. But even for Vegas, the ridiculousness just crossed into unpleasant. 1 star for being easy to get into (found a promoter, no cover), 1 star for the concept and an A for effort because really, they try SO hard.
2	Too small of a "pool" to really do any quality swimming (and I can even say this pool is smaller than the ridiculously small pool at The Palms; makes Ditch Fridays look huge!) This is apparently the Vegas "pool" where you see some of the higher end eye candy and mainly is a place to network for people who are looking for that "Vegas experience" and are out there to show off their attributes.While there's certainly nothing wrong with that for the people who *do* enjoy doing that, it's definitely not a place to expect anything special. The DJ does play some Top 40 hits, but other than that it's really a "pool" for the models and the younger crowd. The reason why I keep putting "pool" in quotations is that it really *is* ridiculously small! Go ahead and see for yourself!
2	Not my thing. Though, I'm not sure who REALLY enjoys 1,500 people crammed into 1000 square feet, $20 drinks and a questionably murky pool. There was barely enough room to pass by people just to get out. I had the absolute pleasure of about 3 armpits to the face in a desperate attempt to find the exit. Oh, did I mention it's like $100 a person to get in? (If you don't know someone to get you on the guest list)I was inside about 3 minutes before becoming claustrophobic. But hey, some people dig that. So in that case, it was perfect!
4	Had an awesome time this day, lounge around the VIP area since my group was hanging there. Service was prompt, our cocktail waitresses are super awesome & beautiful and music was on point. Only thing I didn't like, there was a white girl scamming people so watch out for her. She'll try to blend in with your group even though our group was a bunch of asian girls. I wished TAO Beach had a secluded jacuzzi layout as Marquee, but I still had a good time.
3	I loved the crowd, the music and the decor. Hated two things which took it down two stars:1) The pool was microscopic and dirty as hell. It was trash and crap all in there. Gross!2) My mojito with an extra shot of rum was freaking $27!!! That's even high for Vegas standards. Highway robbery! And on top of it, I didn't even get buzzed :( Such an expensive waste!On the upside, I only paid $20 to get in, and I had a good connection so I skipped the really long line and BS that comes with trying to "get in."
5	Oh Tao Beach! Your cabanas and drinks put me under every time! For the second consecutive year we started our MayOD invasion opening party at Tao Beach, and yet again between the open bar, cabana service, just randoms handing me drinks did me under. From what I recalled after I woke up 3am the following morning, and it was a great time. It was a nice and quiet Thursday, and JC members were abundant here. It almost seemed like they reserved this place just for JC today. I walked in and spoke to Chris Traer, senior host at Tao Beach and without having to introduce myself, he already knew me and had my daybed ready. I was amazed by the treatment I was getting on this trip. He even gave me an option of where to have my daybed, which was incredible. Of course I got it right next to the AOD cabanas. We want to be next to the party. Tao Beach isn't a type of a place where you make it THE pool party usually. On a Thursday you try to ease yourself, but sometimes the drinks still kick your ass. If you are an electronic music fan, I would highly recommend coming here for Beatport Sundays all through summer. They only got the best talent spinning here, and the place is usually packed all the way. I had a good time at TB as always. Never made it out that night thanks to everyone's hospitality on making me take shots, get into chugging contests and just plain getting stupid like the set of LMFAO's shots video. Apparently one of the promoter girls gave me some sexy rainbow lip tatooed on my chest too.  I can go on and on how people take care of you. Come here for a Vegas pool party bonding experience unlike other. Shout out: Chris Traer for all your reservations needs. Very prompt in following up, and I was in touch with him via email the whole time and it almost seemed like he was there in person. Thank you!
3	I would like to give them 2.5 stars, but because of their staff I'll round it up to 3. This place is SMALL. I am not a fan of being cramped and I like having my area, especially when my group and I are paying money for it. On Friday of MDW we got a bed for $750 (you have to order $750 worth of alcohol and food). Beds and couches here are on top of one another and you have no room to be unless you are on that bed. Then there are the Cabana's that are off to the sides which are a little more accommodating in size. The pool was way too small for the amount of people there. It probably should be twice or three times the size. On top of things, they kept telling us we couldn't have alcohol with us in the pool. What kind of a party pool is this? I only ended up going in the pool once and just spent the rest of the time dancing and meeting people. The service was very good though, and for the most part fast and attentive. The drinks were also good. A pitcher of anything was $45 I believe, and for $10 they'd make it stronger, which is definitely worth it. We also got some food towards the end as we were starving and still had a money quota to fill. We got the edamame, which I won't lie were the best edamame I've ever had. Their fries were also delicious and the quesadilla was good. At the end of the day, everyone is drunk and obviously having a good time. Might consider coming here again, but this would not be my first choice.
1	SMALL, sticky, hot, 2 tiny kiddy pools, OVER-priced 50 girls to 1 guy. Not my thing at all.
4	This past wknd was one of my favorite times @ TAO beach. . .first off I must thank Gary R and Chris Traer!!! I had a blast! It was me and my 6 other gfs . . . this place is very cramped but that's the fun part of it! Tons of girls in teenie bikinis and guys that ranged from totally hot 2 totally pls put ur shirt back on. . .My gfs and I finally found a spot right in front of the pool and where the VIP cabana was.  Which was perfect! Chris hooked up the open bar wristband so of course we had 2 take advantage of that.  We all had tons of fun by the pool and made new friends :)
5	The BEST pool party in Vegas.Why? Not as large in size as Encore Beach Club / Wet Republic / Marquee Dayclub, but more intimate and easier to meet people and party.The other pools have music and a small stage where people dance and the rest just lounge around scattered, but at TAO Beach, everyone mingles, jumping in and out of the pool, listening to the world famous DJ's, Musicians (LMFAO is always there), Athletes, Actors & more.Plus TAO beach offers openbar on certain days and has a list if you know a promoter.
3	Blah. Not enough space, but raging crowd and good DJ!They need more pools!!!! Or a bigger one! I think the fun of a pool party is actually having enough space in the pool to stand in.
4	Came on a tuesday afternoon and it was pretty much deserted so i didn't get a chance to experience the party that everyone talks about. My hunny and I still had a blast with the drinks, chatting with some of the super friendly staff and thoroughly enjoying the music selection. Hopefully we'll go back on a weekend!
4	I usually hate on Tao Beach, but I recently went again this past Memorial Day Weekend and I think Tao Beach deserves one more star!! Though it's stil not on top of my list (and the pool still looks very... unsanitary) the party itself was definitely better than my previous experiences! Why? I have no ideaaaa... Maybe it was the FAKE TATTOOS? The DEEEEELICIOUS FOOD? Eh, come to think of it, it was probably the unlimited alcohol from just about every cabana we came near. What a generous crowd that day :)
3	Eh. i definitely would not say this is the best pool party in vegas. whoever said that did not experience Rehab. anywho..i thought Tao Beach was just okay for me. i did have fun and it was more of a mellow pool party than anything else. maybe because i wasn't drinking? that also could've been a possibility. the pool is sooo small. and there's no where to sit. a gal told us we were allowed to sit at one of the tables until someone tells us to move. HA! so we were pretty much hanging out at one of the couches. we were all the way in the corner at the very small pool. not the main area which is probably another reason why i wouldn't say it's the party of the year. we were on the quiet end of the party HA! the music was great and i really felt like i was in vegas so that was awesome!thank goodness we didn't have to pay. we were staying at the palazzo so we were able to get in for free. definitely would not pay for this pool party. overall i had a good time i wouldn't say no if someone asked me to come back. i think i'll bring in drinks next time i do tho. lol.
4	I love starting my Vegas trip with a day at Tao Beach. The girls and I usually buy a day bed (meaning you have to spend at least $50-$75 on food and drinks...which is not hard at all) and order Taotinis and the quesadillas, fries, and crab cake sliders. All delicious.Depending on what day you go, the music will range from house, techno, and world music to hip hop, R&B, and pop, so either way the music is always uptempo so you will feel the urge to at least tap your foot and fist pump a little :pThe crowd is cool and always down to have a good time. Staff is very professional and keep everything running smoothly.
3	Regular pool is great.  Tao beach was cloudy and there was paper and jewelry at the bottom.... Hmmm
4	TAO BEACH, you're lucky I had awesome company that added an additional star to your review!-$20 for admission. yes, ins and outs!-typical house music and mixes-las vegas drinks, las vegas prices, las vegas silicon injected waitresses, las vegas attitudes-a little on the smaller end but you can't hate. TAO was the first to do it BIG and MODERN! everyone else played off of their blueprints..TAO beach is like reaching your 50th anniversary.. you're in a relationship with a classy woman who has matured though slightly aged over time. you both know each other inside and out and continue to return even though it's to an older model that's outdated and outclassed by all of the younger and hotter girls in her immediate area and circle of friends..yet you have tons of fun together, all day and all night.. get extremely intoxicated and realize both how fast and why the last 50 years has flown by!meeting new people and having a blast chit chatting with all of the eye candy sure helps me not concentrate on why the pool is so murky and piss-polluted looking haha!
4	Over the weekend of Electric Daisy Carnival, my friends been telling me about how this is their new hot spot. I heard alot about this place being dirty and crowded so I never really gave this place a chance.My friends decided to come here once again and I wasnt really in the mood to try out this place, but I'm so happy that they finally convince me to go because it was the highlight of my weekend. Benny Benassi was spinning and in the pool, people just started randomly splashing everywhere which I thought was pretty fun. We met alot of new people and had alot of good drinks. They even gave us a free drink card too! I pretty much blacked out by the time I left.The only reason why I knocked one star off is because I agree that it's a pretty dirty place. Everytime people splashed, the water kind of stung my eyes and tasted dirty when it went in my mouth. pretty gross! But overall, it's my hot spot for a beach club =)
3	$15 shot Patron, $13 mixed drinks, and $10 draft beer??? Wtf? No more next time for me.
2	This year they won't let you have drinks in the pool at Tao Beach....but just out side the gates you can have drinks in the regular pool.  Meh.  The DJ couldn't keep a good party going for too long.  Just as we were getting into it he would play something that made us sit down.  Also, they acted upset when I mentioned that one of their promoters had offered me a hook up.  I had to whip out my blackberry to prove it.  I'd prefer Bare for better service or Liquid for better DJ's.But th emixed drinks by the pitcher were awesome, thus the 2nd star
4	Tao Beach was my first experience with a Vegas pool party.   And like other first time's you are thinking, "Wow, time is flying but it is really awesome!!!"  I still love Tao Beach to this day, and while it may not be my go-to pool party in Vegas today, it is a solid stand by.  This is a great place to go and chill, hop in the pool when you want to mingle, and perhaps dance on a queen-size lounge chair/bed with a few new friends.The club music has always been great, so the vibe is very nice.  Of course I try to pick a day that has a good DJ, so if you want to do a little Google time just to make sure, then go for it. This place is a lot smaller than most pool/clubs (think Tao's 18,000 sq ft vs. Rehab's 200,000+ sq ft).  But that isn't necessarily a bad thing.  Again, it is a great place to hang out with friends, dance in a club atmosphere, enjoy the water and sun, have a few drinks, and possibly prep yourself for a night out at the club.I have a great tip for guys on how to get in free, and I am probably shooting myself in the foot here, but go to the Tao nightclub and the little gift shop on the side.  Chat up the girl at the cashier and then ask for some VIP passes to Tao Beach.  As Emeril would say "Bamn!", there you go.  And for girls, really?  I doubt I can give you any advice on how to get into a place for free that you don't already know! Ok, very important information here.  If this is  your first time to a Vegas pool party you are probably thinking it is just like any other pool where you walk in and grab some lounge chairs and hang out.  No, Nyet, Bu, Uh-uh.  Doesn't work that way in Vegas baby.  Real estate comes at a premium here, so if you want to just pay the entrance fee (or get your VIP passes) then expect to just have standing room, or try to find a butt's width of concrete on the side of the pool.  If you are with a group of friends, then that doesn't cut it.So what do you do?  Okay, let me clarify that question, what do you do if you are NOT a group of attractive girls in tiny bikinis who have the red carpet rolled out for them?  At Tao Beach, what you do is open the wallet folks.  Personally, when I am at a pool party I don't sit down much, if ever.  I am usually dancing, making friends, etc.  So I don't really care about needing a few square feet to call my own.  If you are different, then my BEST suggestion is just to show up, find an open lounge chair or couch area, and plant yourself.  Generally they will tell you at the gate that you need to pay an enormous amount for this spot, but do your best to ignore the sales pitch.  Once you have claimed your spot, go buy a pitcher of something alcoholic and put it on the table beside you.  That is the pool club equivalent of sending the message "Hey, this is my territory, leave me alone!"  No matter what the rules are, the club/casino LOVES money.  Spend a little and the doors open up.What else can I say, this is a great place to spend the day.  If you haven't been to a Vegas pool party before this is a great gateway drug.  Stop in, have fun, and get addicted!
2	If there's one thing I despise more than nightclubs, it's dayclubs!! Masses of silicone-enhanced, orange-skinned, nappy-extensioned party whores clad in little more than sweat and pheromones, plus their 'roided-out, tribal-tatted mook boyfriends/pimps/codependents, guzzling syrupy blended drinks and pumping their fists to some Eurotrash house music DJ. Blah!But I do enjoy topless sunbathing -- and sadly, all the topless pools have become dayclubs. I used to really like the Venus pool at Caesars -- quiet, secluded, and no kids allowed because of all the shameful titty on display. Then the douchers from PURE nightclub took over, and now the music is so loud it causes the implants of all the whores in attendance to pulsate.TAO Beach is slightly less annoying than Venus, with one notably asinine exception: "European-style" sunbathing (i.e. topless) is allowed, but when going in the actual water one must put a top on. The ALLEGED reason for this policy? A health code stipulation, meant to prevent women from inadvertently lactating in the water.REALLY? Like the water in those dayclub pools isn't already a  bacterial soup of sweat, precum, vaginal secretions and inadvertently-leaked amniotic fluid and endometrium -- you mean to tell me that a bikini top is going to prevent anything else from being added to that foul brew?! The water at these dayclubs is already so thick with DNA that I once saw a new life form emerge from the primordial soup at ReHab -- Homo Douchiens.For this reason alone, my advice is to skip TAO Beach altogether. Moorea (at Mandalay Bay) and Bare (Mirage) are better alternatives that allow you to actually swim topless. Not that I plan on getting pregnant...but if I ever DO, I'm going straight over to TAO Beach and squirting milk all over the pool deck. On behalf of all women who have ever been unwillingly jizzed upon, I will bestow a Revenge Pearl Necklace in your honor!UPDATE! 7.18.11I came back a few days later, on a Monday, and they were letting women go topless in the water! I guess the guy who told me the lactating story was full of sh*t...I guess they just have some weird weekend rules on Thurs-Sun that prohibit topless swimming, but it's fine the rest of the week. Whatevs!
4	There are definitely better places for dayclubs, but TAO Beach isn't bad. The music was barely audible; not sure if it was because I was drunk (because girls were open bar for an hour and our girls were getting rounds and rounds of drinks non effing stop) or if it was because I was sitting under the 33 degree Vegas sun. We got in for free because it was my friend's bday and he got a major hookup from one of his promoter friends. We also got a table, with $300 we had to spend so we had booze there on top of the open bar. Freakin amazing.Not too impressed with the eye candy though. I had high expectations but I wasn't blown away.Also wasn't impressed by the small pool area we were in. There was however a bigger pool area right before we got in, but that didn't have music. It was just people laying on beds, trying to get melanoma. I mean getting their tan on. Anyway, our area could definitely be bigger; it was just too packed imo.Overall still liked it. Mostly because of the amount of booze I drank, which I didn't spend a single cent on and the free entrance.Definitely coming back here when I'm back in Vegas
2	Let me say this:I was pretty excited to come to TAO Beach. Out of all the times I've been to Vegas I haven't been able to go to a pool party! Well here was my big chance!I was with a group of 4 people total, 2 guys and 2 girls. My boyfriend and I came early, with my hosts' recommendation. At about 1030-11 am the line was pretty much empty. We walked right up to the door man with this clip board. I gave him the name of my host, and He gave my boyfriend and I a wristband and ticket. I told him we had two others coming and he told me to let my friends know that they would be good if they told him they were also on the same list that we were on. So we walked in with no problems... We walked around searching for more square footage...which we never found because this place is as big as my parents backyard. So my BF made an executive decision and we decided to leave and wait for our friends outside by the Much Bigger pools that the guests of the Venetian get to enjoy. Fast forward to about 15 mins later:My friends show up and I told them who to talk to the door man and to tell them they were on the List. I get a call from one of my friends telling me that they were trying to charge my guy friend cover. So I walked over to the door and tried to talk with the doorman, who was a different guy then the one I talked to. I told him the situation and he told me "it was their policy to charge the guys cover." I told him I was just inside with my boyfriend and he didn't have to pay cover. I then asked him, in the nicest way possible "if their policies had changed in the last 10 mins?" he told me No. SO I asked to speak with someone else.It took another 10 mins to get my friend in, with the original doorman. But After this political debate, my boyfriend and I were uninterested in staying at TAO Beach.  We went back to our hotel.About an Hour Later, our friends returned as well. my girlfriend told me that they blow whistles at the drunk people who try to bring drinks into the pool.... what kind of pool party doesn't allow you drink in the pool... OH yea! When the pool is the size of a suburban backyard, I guess I can understand...See ya NEVER TAO Beach!
3	Been here a couple times and had fun, but beware it is super small! I found myself wondering where the rest of the club was! The music here is always poppin. I also saw A&B here and it was crazy! Make sure you wear slippers here because the floor will set your feet on fire & lockers are $25! Hotel guests get in for free, if you're a girl you can pretty much get in for free too :) the last time I came on a Saturday there was open bar for ladies from 1-2 p.m which was awesome. Definitely recommend the raspberry long island.
3	I'm glad us girls were able to get into Tao Beach for free with free beds/chairs and cabana, because I don't think I'd ever pay to get into Tao Beach. Why? Um, it's insanely crowded with a million people (who aren't even attractive) sitting/standing (because the pools are so tiny, there's no room for you to swim) around in the pool. Nothing was good about Tao Beach besides open bar. But then again, the drinks aren't even that great (wasn't strong enough to my liking). Did I have fun? Of course I did. Only because I was in goood company.
1	Dear Tao Beach,Please train your employees properly. Please be sure your employees know the price tag on their product and don't quote for a daybed when you SPECIFICALLY  ask how much a cabana runs for (aka approx) on a Friday so when the customer calls back (thank god I did), they aren't shocked& told the price that was given before was for the daybed,not the cabana. Maybe have a training class on Listening 101? I don't know just a suggestion. At any rate, I hear your wack unless you get in free and even then, your not really worth the time..so it all worked out in my favor anyway because I got a amazing rate elsewhere :)
1	Free beer, free admission, hot waitresses in cute outfits. I can dig that.Everything else, ugh not so much. That pool looks so murky and dirty. Plus it's only a little bigger than any old backyard pool, except with 100 bodies in it. Gross.
3	Feel like going on a scavenger hunt?  Try finding Tao Beach.  No, really.I've been to the club, so I stupidly assumed that the pool part was located somewhat nearby?  Of course not.  Luckily, we encountered nice employees to help us along our 'journey'.  So, to help out those who have no clue what to do/where to go, here's a low down (note: we went on a Monday afternoon, so this might be different on weekends):1. Get your hand/wrist stamped by 'TAO Beach' dude.  Probably located by the parking garage/entrance to Grand Canal area.2. Go the elevators which go up to the pool area/hotel rooms.  Show guard your stamp.3. Head to the elevators marked 'Canyon Ranch'.  That's the pool area. (Who knew there'd be something called 'Canyon' in the Ventian?  SO baffling.)4. Enter the pool area....which is effin' HUGE.  There's even a restaurant up there!5.  Walk to the farthest most corner of the complex.  Get carded.  Deny paying cover (if you can).6. EnterAll of that walking around to see that it was pretty empty.  Granted, it was Monday afternoon, so that would pretty much explain it.  Anyway, most of the cabanas/chairs were empty, so my friend and I just plopped down in the most shaded area.  Of course, we were immediately approached by one of the employees, asking if we wanted to reserve one for the whole day.  I think the minimum was only $100, so that's really NOT a bad deal.  Instead, we opted to sit in some random chairs by the bar area and grabbed some food /drinks.  I must admit that I was pretty impressed with my food!  I got the shrimp/crab spring rolls.  Delicious!  They were piping hot, crispy and had FRESH seafood in 'em.  Lovely.  No wonder the restaurant is so popular!For Red Bull addicts (like myself), they have FROZEN Red Bull vodka.  My dream come true!  It's a definite rip-off at $14, but might as well live it up, right?  Since our "meal" (two apps, side of fries, frozen drink and a beer) came out to be $50, the $100 minimum really wasn't a bad deal...in retrospect.Like others have said, the pool area itself is suppppper small, so I'm not sure why people would fight to come in here when the Venetian pool is absolutely huge.  The cabanas, music, crowd and drinks must be the draw.
1	DO NOT GO HERE-esp. If your own posh hotel has 5 pools and better service.  Staff hung over from the precious shift at the club closing at 4am so running late to open waiting 15 minutes for kiddie pool "beach" to open. Staff hounding us about buying drinks and renting beach chairs that were 1) all reserved and 2) no one was there at 10:15am.  Coming from the Bellagio I expected better service as I felt practically kicked out of there because what, we were not hot enough?!!!!  Making my blood boil just writing this esp. After spending $10 on taxi and $32 on drinks and we stayed less than 10 minutes.  All the waitresses are hot so any photos you see advertised are of them to make you think only beautiful people go there. Consoled myself with a clutch from Alexander McQueen-you won't be getting my business anymore TAO (restaurant was good, club was good but crowded).  I hope the Venetian shuts you down b/c seriously they have better and bigger pools than you.
2	TAO Beach, you seriously disappoint me.I stayed at Venetian before, and I always heard the bass from TAO Beach. It was calling out to me! On my last visit to Vegas, my friends and I headed over there on a Friday afternoon. First of all, it's a MAZE to get to the actual entrance. Poor planning Venetian! :(Secondly, the crowd was so much older than expected. I would say they were all late 20s early 30s. I was with a group of 21 year olds... so you can do the math :)I felt like all the waitresses and waiters kept hustling the crowd and pushing them away from random spots. We're not cattle here to be herded! I paid $20 entrance, but I think I'd rather put that towards my Wynn dinner buffet!
4	Tao Beach never fails for a good time.  Yes, the pool is smaller than the other pools.  Yes, the pool is infested with urine (see chart,  http://www.thedaily.com/page/2011/07/24/072411-news-vegas-pool/) and yes, it's an adventure to get there.  But somehow, I always manage to have a good time, with or without a cabana.Drinks are standard and there's definitely more value to get a cabana/day bed.  Food wise, the tuna sashimi is very salty, but the chicken katsu club is legit.  I try to steer clear of the pool (see link), but admittedly, there's times when I'll take one for the team.There always seems to be some kind of event going on and the crowd here is awesome.  I've always had great service here.  One of my go to spots for day parties.
3	I was there on a Friday had a great time. Croud was ok and drinks are reasonable. The pool can be a lot bigger.  I felt I like I was in someone bakyard. It is nicely done but expected bigger pool and more space.  The major downside is the beach balls!!! The pool decided to have a war and use them as weapons. Had to be on constant watch for two hours to protect my face and drink from getting hit.
4	The water was cool and the women were hot - the drinks were mad expensive.  It had a very exclusive feel to it.  My only complaint is you had to pay to sit anywhere.  And while the eye candy in the pool was great - there really wasn't much room to move around.  Friendly bar staff and the bouncers were great!  Well worth the money.
1	We are staying at the concierge level there.  We tried to book a cabana....very rude and unhelpful.  I was on the phone for over an hour, finally got a hold of Chris who told me a cabana was $2500!  After an hour on the phone trying to book it!  And he would only text me!
2	So you know that song by P!NK where she tells everyone to raise their glass? Well people of TAO Beach, please don't listen. I'm sure there is more than enough alcohol, sweat and other questionable things in your pool already. Came here on a Thursday afternoon with high expectations. Me and my group have never been here so we didn't know what to expect. First of all, it's an epic journey getting here from the parking lot. You get your hand stamped at the check in, then pass through the guards to the elevators, take the elevator down to the pool level, then trek past the pools. Just go towards the bumpin BASS!We got into the dayclub, no cover thankfully, and me and my group walked right back out. Not a single place to sit in sight. BOOOOOOO! And the pool was a lot smaller than I would have expected.. enough said on that.Thank god we could just go straight to the Venetian pool for a dip. You could still here the music from TAO. Best of both worlds? I really want to give this place another chance. Maybe next time if there are less people or if my group fronts for a cabana. Maybe..
3	I love pool parties almost more so than the nightlife in Vegas.  No uncomfortable high heels, cool music, strong drinks, good looking people (for the most part) and everyone's more relaxed and friendly. Came to the Venetian around 1pm on a Sunday.  It's a maze to get to the corner of the pool area where Tao Beach is located, but just follow the loud music.  We didn't have to pay cover and got hooked up with open bar wristbands for an hour. YAY!  They had some tasty looking frozen drinks for $14, but I didn't get around to trying them.The pool is really small with tons of people lounging around it, but don't be intimidated, you can always manage to find a spot to chill.  They played house music the whole time I was there.  Beware of beach balls flying around and splashing frenzies!  The foam snow is pretty cool.  All in all, I had a great time.  However, there are bigger and better pools out there in Vegas.
4	I think i hit this place up every time I went to up to vegas.  There are better pool clubs in vegas with actual pools that people can go into, but they somehow always book the best DJs.  The food is actually pretty good too.  It can be a bit pricey, but its vegas.Going back to the actual club part, the place is pretty small.  They have two pools.  One small one and another smaller.  Probably fit 50 ppl max in both pools combined.  The dance floor is pretty small too, but its up right next to the dj booth so you can see your favorite artists playing.I give this place a 4 just because they book the best DJs.
3	Models poppin bottles...Came here for a friend's event, "Slightly Dangerous".  The pool area is SO SMALL and the water looks SO disgusting.  The music was good and it was overall an ok experience.  I prefer Marquee though
3	Unless you have a cabana or daybed, I don't see the point of lounging out at TAO beach. It's small. I've seen backyards bigger than TAO beach. Here, it's all about the "see and be seen" mentality, where everyone just stands around or inside the tiny cestpool Sorry, I left LA for a reason.I suggest you go to TAO for their open bar, grab your drinks and move on over to the Venetian's pool. You can hear the music perfectly and don't' have to deal with the over-crowdedness of the beach. The music is still loud and clear and you can actually wade in cleaner waters, drink still in hand.
3	Now this was a nice break from the sweltering heat and crowds in the hell below in the nightclub.  It was open, there were places to sit, if not many at least you could sit down.  The bar was easy to get too.  (Although it smelled bad, idk why).  Met some nice people up here and could actually talk, they were not the same set as downstairs.  I guess intelligence rises.  ;)
4	Tao beach was crackin! I had the All Access pass to Tao Beach, Lavo, and Tao night club, so I didn't have to wait in line. Got in super fast while everyone else was waiting to get in. I came at the right time because they had open bar for the ladies, and so i drank drank drank!! This place gets crowded though. I got there around 12:30 and there were people lined up so far back! The pool area is tiny, and there's not enough seating for EVERYONE that gets in. However, the deejay was fierce and the crowd was awesome.  The party continues only until sundown cause I'm sure they want you to freshen up and head over to Tao Nightclub, which isn't even anywhere near Tao Beach!If you're trying to find Tao Beach, here's what you have to do.You walk into the hotelThere's a line for Tao Beach over by Self Parking if you're not a guest at the hotel. I'm not sure how it works because I was staying there. But once you get in, go into the GUEST ELEVATORS (there will be a security there checking for room keys.)Go to the FOURTH FLOORWhen you first come out the elevator, you will go through the double glass doors. There you will see a bunch of pools. There's liike 5 of them I think?Follow the signs to Tao Beach. It's separated from the rest of the "public" pool area. If you come when the party is happening, it won't be hard to locate. The music is loud and there will probably be a crowd :)
3	I had a fun time here. Expect to pay $30 cover to get in if it's not at capacity.  Expect a long line.It's spring break every day here.
4	This place is fun and I was grateful to have gotten a table and see ATB dj and be a part of a really great vibe here, however the main pool is tiny and there's another side pool that was like a jacuzzi it was so warm.  The good thing is, you can just go swimming at the main Venetian pool just a hop and a skip away.  Our waitress was awesome, food tasted great, those pitchers of strawberry mojitos creep up on you in the heat, so make sure you stay hydrated or your head will hurt really really bad later.  But damn those mojitos are good.  All in all really great time here. Just sorta wish it was more spacious and had more shade.
4	I come here every summer. The service has always been great; there's only been one glitch in the radar. Fortunately, management handled it SO beautifully that I still love this place... Despite the really brown water.I've never paid for a daybed or lounger here ever. Being a local girl does have a lot of perks. The last time I was here was on a Friday morning for a big pool party. My friend and I got there at opening and were allowed to sit anywhere (the host forgot to mention that once they filled, people would get bumped, but more on that later). We took two loungers that were closer to the bar. It was one of THE hottest days of the summer so we would relax on the loungers and go in the water every 10 minutes or so to drench ourselves, and then go back and lounge some more. From drench it literally took 5-10 minutes to dry completely, so we did this a lot. Fast forward about two hours. It was completely packed and we were getting bumped because now guys wanted to pay for loungers. No problem... Sort of. Unfortunately now since the pool was full, there was nowhere to even put our towels or sit and there was no space in the pool (which was now brown). As we were packing up, one of the employees came to start setting up the lounger for the next guests and they pulled the towel off quickly... Too quickly, since my CAMERA was right on top and went FLYING. It got bashed up a bit and the automatic flash was suddenly a manual flash. I was not happy.I went to the host stand and asked for a manager. One came over within five minutes and when I explained the situation he was extremely apologetic. More so than I expected. He comped us the loungers, all of our food and beverage for the day, and offered to pay for any repairs to the camera. He bought us a couple rounds of drinks as well and made sure we were well cared for the entire day. I managed to remedy the camera situation a bit when I got home and after everything the manager did to make up for the issue, I wasn't going to press the matter. We still had a wonderful time and we will be back again. And again.
4	So fun! Get on a guestlist so there isn't any wait. We left our casino seeing very dark clouds and were pretty worried. Finding the enterance for Tao Beach is kind of confusing. Don't go to the restaurant. It is in the back of the food court.When we got there it was drizzling so it was kind of sucky. Once it stopped raining we checked out the hot tub which was fun and then the big pool. It's a def great time.. very diverse group of people. You can definitely have fun as girl without feeling like you have to spend a ton of money. When we went they had open bar for girls for an hour so that saved us some $. Lockers are pretty pricey ($20) but worth it so you don't have to watch you stuff. Plus, you can fit your entire group's belongings and grab things from there through out the day.We got there around 1pm and left around 4:30pm... We really didn't want to leave but knew we had dinner reservations and a nap to take! Time will fly because you are probably too busy having fun!
4	I've always heard that Tao Beach is "too small" compare to other pool parties, but after experiencing it for myself, I think I actually prefer it better.We went on Labor Day weekend Saturday so needless to say it was packed by the time we got there. Luckily we reserved a table and had a great host so getting in was a breeze (even we arrived a little later than suggested time); Our host ended up hooking us up with a great daybed right in the middle of Tao Beach right in front of the DJ booth (Thanks so much again Chris!). We ordered just about every single type of pitchers on the menu as well as beers and straight liquor. Our waitress was very friendly and took care of us even though by 1PM the place was insanely packed.DJ played a great selection of music, including hip hop, which you don't hear a lot in major clubs in Vegas consider everyone's playing Electro. We had an absolute blast the entire afternoon. If you're with a group (I'd say 4+) reserving daybeds/cabanas/tables is the way to go if you are going on a popular weekend. General admission takes a long time and the bar gets packed really fast, so getting a drink will be a challenge and let's face it, who wants that in Vegas!Looking forward to LDW2012!
3	This is for a midweek review right after labor day - so I'm sure it's a very different scene on a weekend.  The line had nobody in it - but somehow they still make you stand in front for a few minutes?  The pool is tiny - and the water is GROSS.  Like snot rockets floating around in the pool gross.  I felt like I needed to bathe in bleach after I saw the water.  I didn't stay long.  Back to the regular pool.  I must be getting old.
3	Lots of people. Lots of boobs. Some good looking guys.Door man just told us to say we were with another group on the list so we got right in.Drinks were strong.Pool is really small and probably swimming with STDs.Music was ok. I like more pop hits so I can be drunk and sing out loud. Not really into house music in the middle of the day.I would never pay to get in here. But I'm also not single, which could likely make the difference. I had more fun at the normal pool at the Venetian on Saturday during the day. Just as many people, if not more and much more space to move around.
3	TAO Beach: A HaikuDouches everywhere.Water yellow as the sun.Beach ball to your face.
4	Place is always great Fri-Sun! Slow Mon-Thur but the up side it's Free.99 ;) gotta love free (fri-sun $20)
5	Just went here a couple weeks ago.  This review is for the cabana experience by the way.  We went on a sunday afternoon so it was kinda a slow day, but there was still alot of people.  I went with a group of 14 people and we got the cabana with the $1500 tab.  We spent our tab on a bottle, lots of food, and lots of pitchers of mimosas and magaritas.  Everything was pretty good, especially the mimosas, which went down like water.  That led to a great time at the pool and I got to meet alot of cool people from all over the place including some nba players.  Near the end, it was packed and the party started to get poppin.  The music was really good and everyone started to dance in and around the pool.  Also, we got upgraded to a cabana right at the front for free so that was pretty cool.  The workers were pretty friendly, and it was a great time.  I would definitely come back to relive the epic experience haha.
4	You have so much fun that you lose track of time. Before you know it, it will be time to get ready for the night out. Definitely can't wait to go back.
3	Tao, Tao Beach, Lavo. All WEEEEAAAAAAK! Tao Beach more so. The area is tiny, but not only that, there wasn't much going on. The music was sucky (I hate house and EDM) and everyone was just standing around. The waitresses weren't very friendly either. No one asked us if we wanted to order anything. Not that we would've, but still. I was waiting for the open bar (gotta make that $150 I spent on the wristbands worth it!) that many reviewers mentioned if you came early, but no luck! I don't know what I was expecting since the club left me feeling underwhelmed the night before.
4	Tao Beach is a chill (and expensive) place to hang at. If you were to classify Rehab or Wet Republic as a club, Tao Beach would be a lounge but still a good time.House and EDM ftw! Although its a small area, they play great music.The waitresses are very pretty..they are all in great shape with banging bodies.Daybeds are cabanas are $$$$. I rather spend a little bit more for a party atmosphere..but then again, you are at the Venetian. And it isn't cheap! I recomended for ladies to come here, I have seen on more then plenty occasions, where good looking girls get hooked up!I'm only downgrading my rating because of the pool, its literally the size of a wading pool of a motel and its so annoying to have beach balls roll around all over it. It's not horrible when its a slower day, but when Tao Beach is packed (early afternoons) it can get a little too ridiculous in there.Overall, its a nice social spot. I went here twice on my last trip because I had some wristbands that waived cover. Good place to people watch and hang out with your friends and talk about the night before!
3	Tao Beach used to be the place to go when you wanted to pool party, but in the more recent years has feel behind Encore Beach Club and Marquee Day Club. It's probably due to the size of the place and the pool size (which you should almost say isn't even a pool). It gets extremely packed inside and unless you have a cabana or daybed reservation (for a fairly hefty fee), then you will have no place to sit down. In the past, we used to come here a lot and had cabanas and daybeds and every time we came we had a blast. In the more recent years, we have been going to other places that have bigger pools and more space to sit or lounge around. However, I must say that Tao Beach is still a lot of fun to go to with a group of friends during a hot summer day. The drinks are always good and the music/vibe is always pumping. I will warn you though that by the afternoon, the water in the pool does start to get a little murky.
3	I had high expectations from all my friend's photos, I thought it was going to be like Rehab, but no it wasn't. Small, cramped, and not a lot going on. My friend said it was good for me to try this because now I would appreciate Rehab & Wet Republic more. I guess.
3	Okay, TAO beach. You sure are more hyped up to be more than you really should be. You huff and puff yourself up to be way better than you really are. Talkin' like you're the coolest guy on the block with the biggest co.. err, pool.. and that you're the must know guy that everyone should be talking about. But when it really comes down to it, you're all hot air and you fall completely short of expectations. Disappointing but at least the music was good. With all the different pool party venues that Vegas has to offer, I'd skip on this one.
2	Tao Beach is TEENY TINY. My pool at home is bigger than this one. We stayed at the Venetian and thought we'd give Tao Beach a try. Virginia T. and I were super hungover after going out for 12 hours straight the night before so we wanted to sit down on the side benches for a bit. Apparently the use of their benches costs $500 in drinks.NBD...if you had good music, cute boys, and/or a pool sized for adults. Can't believe people would actually pay cover to get in! That ish be cray.
5	Tao Beach and Bex is all I have to say. I went here for my bachelorette party not knowing what to expect. I should not have expected anything less than EXTRAVAGANCE from Bex because that is truly what she gave us at Tao Beach. We got THE best view there.... not many can say they've graced the STAGE CABBANA, but I sure can. It felt like un-ending drinks and food that graced the tables of our air-conditioned cabbana and I was NOT complaining! There were about 10 girls and not a single girl was disappointed. We had many once-in-a-lifetime experiences in this ONE trip and this definitely was one of them. The music was amazing, the sun was blazing, the tan oil was greased on, enjoying the sun with my girls and the celebrity treatment was all I could ever ask for on my bachelorette party. We lived the life then, and we'll always remember it for the grandeur it was. If you want a celebrity/rock star experience seek out Bex on BEXVIP.com - You will NOT be disappointed!!
5	My aunt decided to treat me to Tao Beach for my 21st Birthday. It was basically my first 'lounge' experience and I couldn't feel more privileged enough that it started on a luxurious note. We went in on a boiling August day and weren't asked for a fee upon entering which relieved me a little, apparently it was only because my aunt reserved a couple of cabanas for the both of us. They're expensiveee! For us to get a chance to spend the day there, we were charged with a minimum food purchase of $100. Their chicken skewers were the bomb. served in small portion, we chucked it down pretty fast. After that, I was given my first drink - a strawberry mojito and I must say, it was prettttyyyy good! We were provided with a pretty biiig bottle of ice just in case the alcohol gets too strong, we'd just douse it in. Music was great, not as loud as a club and the place encouraged a vibrant social atmosphere. great for a little girltalk and bonding time. Chill, classy and soo high-end. Will definitely go back once I can afford it.
4	We were staying in the Venetian and we could see the place from our room, so one day half of our group decided to wander down and go in. I guess we wandered to the right part of the hotel where we saw a very attractive yet very bored guy who gave us a hand stamp for the place.We then went down and i guess it wasn't a busy day because it wasn't full at all ( even though its really small)  though the music was really bumping, and no one was in the pool. I could understand why the lady wanted us to get a cabana, but she wasnt pushy at all.  We didn't stay too long luckily we got in for free, two girls one guy, because we later found out that it was $30 cover. ill definitely go back when its sunnier and a little more people are there.. but it was so pretty i'd like to enjoy it more.
3	Been here twice.  You will always find seating and shade here.  They played some good house music.  Wasn't as packed on Monday, but it was better than Relax.  Had fun playing ball in the pool.  Lots of women in pasties... which are $10 (I had to ask).
3	What's up with day clubs in Vegas? I don't get the hype. I guess it's just a good excuse to wear as little as possible, check people out in bikinis and drink all while standing around a kiddie sized pool. The size of the pool here is ridiculous. It's tiny and everyone just stands around it or sits by the edge to dip their feet. SCREW it..my friends and I went right in. (Don't try to bring your drink into the water...this guy with an orange whistle will come blowing it repeatedly until he gets your attention and yells at you to take it out of the water). Unbelievable....They have a great marketing plan here because there is NO WHERE to stand around if you don't have a table/cabana. They'll smirk at you when you refuse the table/cabana service outside...then laugh when you come back to them asking for one after checking out the scene. They have tables with minimum $200 drink/food purchase..but you'll end up paying more because of service and table fees. pssh! Lame. There's a jacuzzi on the side with pretty strong jets that were nice to sit by, but the water was just too hot for the desert. You can't sit in there too long. Overall, I had a fun time because of the people I was with, not so much thanks to Tao Beach.
5	Didn't know I wrote a review for Tao Beach before! But I had a blast here last weekend!Ended up passing out and they let me sleep until I started throwing up and then the security helped me out.FROZEN RED BULL VODKAS + PATRON SHOTS FTW!!
2	So I went here on my birthday (4/22) since Rehab was packed beyond comfortability (if it's not a word it's mine) due to the grand opening and we weren't getting in for HOURS. We bought the Tao/Tao Beach/Lavo passes so we payed $30 flat for all three. I LIKE the pool but some of the chicken heads that were there... me thinks not! We were in the jacuzzi. The group that surrounded themselves around my friend and I were dirty skeeze bags. You pantie wearing, (who does that???) camel toe in full effect, pubic hair showing floozy. Crotch all open and in our faces. That was the nastiest shid I have EVER seen in my LIFE! It's called a wax and if you don't like that razors are $8. You had money for VIP then go shave fire crotch. Then these creatures of the night (even though this was daytime) stood behind us for an Uncle Luke style ghetto photo shoot by sticking their butts out while someone was taking pics. Fine... but when I got up to check out the other pool, I slipped and almost cracked my head open because they dripped and drenched that whole area from their pigeon photo shoot. Sit down somewhere. If they would've did that elsewhere I wouldn't even have cared. Thank goodness for my semi-fast reflexes because my head would've bounced off the concrete. I looked back and gave them the meanest stare. If I would've fell I would've gave those floozies the foulest tongue lashing! & what's the big fascination behind heels and pools?!! Do you swim in them? I don't get it. I'd rather sit at the pool in my hotel.
3	We stayed at the Venetian this past weekend and hung out at Tao Beach on Friday for a few hours.  We booked a daybed and had an awesome time.  I fell asleep for a few minutes, I was that relaxed (even with the DJ pumpin' music in the background).  The daybed rental was supposed to be $500 but a friend got us a hookup and we paid less than half of that.  The $500 credit was used towards our food and drinks, plus we got a bracelet for an hour's worth of open bar service.  The pool is small, and was packed.  The drinks were strong and tasty and the food we ordered were primarily tasty.  We pretty much ordered everything off the food menu since we got free drinks from open bar.  I only tried a few bites, so can only attest to the flavors of the chicken satay (cold and overcooked), grilled tuna sashimi (very fresh and good), Thai crab cake sliders with mango salsa (tasty, albeit a bit dry), and shrimp cocktail (fresh and tasty).I liked hanging out here more than at Marquee Dayclub, which we were at on Saturday (April 28th).  That's a crazy atmosphere and much less relaxing.
5	Awesome. Get there, Now!
3	I prefer TAO Beach as a Nightclub moreso than a Dayclub..  I havent been to TB in awhile during the day but here is my experience last time I was there.We all set up shop on a rather large round bed by the Jacuzzi.  We were told you could go topless, cool no problem.  But then you saw the girls who were going topless.  Not the modelesque Vegas girls you'd expect.  No, the drunken drugged hags who are so high they think they weigh 30 pounds less and their boobs are perky.  Completely disgusting.  But what topped it off was the old man who handed them cash at the end of the day for their "services".  These are working girls?  Id make a killing in Vegas.That day they had free food and appetizers... or was that just cause we were pretty.  Either way it was a blast and a great time.  Come here at night (during the summer) to get a break from the tuna can downstairs.
4	The Venetian as a whole was an amazing experience for a spur of the moment trip. It probably helped that we were definitely tipsy the entire time but I have to disagree with a good amount of the negative remarks made about TAO Beach. We were staying at the Venetian and lounging by the pool when I heard the house music from TAO so I walked over to the door guy and asked how much the cover was. He said come back with your ID's and I'll let you in for free. Once we got in we were blown away by the set up of the place. The cabanas are beautiful and yeah the pool is a little small but that just makes the beach volleyball so much more fun. When we got into the pool with our drinks a guy did come over and say we couldn't drink in the pool so we just set them on the side.. No big deal. The only complaint I can think of is there was one douchy guy that wouldn't apologize for hitting me in the face with a volleyball... That was taken care of though. The music was loud, the surroundings were beautiful, the drinks weren't horribly expensive, and EVERYONE was having fun.
4	I had a great time here and the only complaint I got was the place being too small for the amount of people they let in. The music was great, a lot of attractive people and everyone seemed to be having a blast. We got bottle service which came with nice comfy seats that fits four in front of one of the pools. For the boos, we got blended redbull vodka which was bomb! Never had it blended before.. The strawberry vodka was also refreshing and tangy.If you want to party daytime, this is one spot you want to hit up.
5	I have partied at Tao Beach countless times and it is consistently one of my favorite pool parties in Las Vegas. The venue size is great because it's a different feel than the mega pools of Marquee Dayclub, Wet and others. Tao Beach is smaller, more intimate yet completely brings the party atmosphere.The girls and I love to come here especially when DJ Irie is brought out from Miami. I will upload some pics to Yelp. The crowd is good looking, staff is excellent and all the cabanas we have partied in are always clean. Nothing is broken, unlike other pool venues on the Strip.
3	Went for Yelp Spring Break so I can't speak for it's price, but the line wasn't bad for the people we saw who did have to wait in it.    The crowd was an awesome group of 20-somethings and the music was bumpin' and great.  Tao Beach is very small though and it seemed there was no place to settle or set your things if you hadn't purchased a cabana (other than the pool, haha, which worked well for me and my friend).Aside from the small size, my other big complaint was the security techniques.  Drinks weren't allowed in the pool, which, fair, sure, I'm okay with that rule..... BUT the way this rule was enforced was a bouncer blowing a piercing whistle from across the pool loudly and repeatedly until the very far away person figured out it was them being scolded and what they were being scolded for.   I feel like coming around to the person and tell them politely would have been much more effective and not have interrupted the enjoyment of absolutely everyone else at Tao Beach.  Announcing this rule at the door or the bar would also have been useful.  Even a small sign and I feel people would have stayed in line.Even despite these criticisms, I feel bad for the people at the Venetian pool tjust laying back and sunning, because the music from Tao beach can be heard well even out there and inside it really is a paaaar-tay.
3	nice set up, but I pretty dissapointed that we were given a VIP pass for buying a table the night prior at the club and when we got there the bouncer didnt let us use it.  We spent the money and went in, however we moved back to the main pool an hour later.  Worth the try, music was great.
4	Walking into the pool area of the Venetian you see two pools. The kid pool and a big lap pool- both very nice! Then you hear music and think "where is Tao beach? This can't be it." Finally after walking past both pools you end up at Tao Beach. It is TINY but once the alcohol starts flowing it is poppin as fuck! I'm not sure how much it is since I came here for a friends bday who is a local in Vegas but it was worth it. Got a gummy bear shot... $13 and sweet... You can't even taste the alcohol, BUT YOU GET FUCKED UP!! I'd definitely come back here the next time I'm around. The only problem with Tao is that it is hella tiny- probably even smaller than the kids pool. Then again I guess I can't complain since i have no other day clubs to compare it to. Music was awesome, atmosphere was great- I'll definitely return!
1	Dirtiest nastiest pool party on the strip. Hit up a real pool party like the marquee or encore beach club. Unless u wanna see a bunch of GHETTO yeah that's right GHETTO fat peeps in bikinis wearing night time make up during the day!!
1	My girl friend and I wanted to go here MDW for the day, and we requested a daybed through a promoter, who was very helpful.  When we arrived, we got in the serpentine line and the first security/checker guy was very nice, took our ID and directed us to see Logan at the front of the serpentine to get in, after I told the first guy I had reserved a daybed.  I walked up to Logan and said, "Hi Logan."  He seemed shocked that I addressed him by name and asked how I knew his name.  Maybe he was just razzin' me, but I told him that his coworker told me to see, "Logan" a few steps ahead.  Nobody was waiting in line in front of us and nobody behind, so I made idol chat and greeted the staff with well-wishes as we prepared to enter.  Logan, then asked for my ID and credit card for the day bed and I asked to confirm the cost.  Now, I was very meek and polite about this, since the customer service in Vegas can be very bad and basically, they treat you better if they think you may drop a lot of cash.  Logan then told me the fee was $400, which he then wrote down next to my name, so no problem.  Again, he asked for my card, so I began rummaging through my bag, as I asked him if gratuity was included or if I could pay cash later, and if I could tip the promoter for his help.  As I said this, Logan threw his clipboard at me and spat out, "Let me know when you're ready".  And he then proceeded to walk away.  I was very confused at this point, so I handed my charge card to another of the gentlemen checking at the line and asked my friend what was wrong here.  Not having much experience in reserving and checking into my own cabanas or daybeds, I really didn't realize what the problem was, and it shouldn't have been such a hassle for Logan, since there was nobody waiting behind me in line to check in.  My friend just said this guy was being a dick.  Big surprise, seeing as most of the people who work in the club industry are real douche bags.  On the up side, once we did get in, yes, I found out gratuity and fees were much more and brought my total to well over $500 for our daybed/cabana, but the hostess, server and bouncer were extra friendly and reputable.  Logan was just being a douche bag, because maybe he thought I was just another pretty face who expects everything in Vegas to be free because I am cute.  I don't roll that way, I pay for my stuff and if I don't have to, I tip big(I worked in the club/bar industry too) this just happened to be the first time I had to pay for my own;  before it was offered to me by a friend, connection, hook up or what have you.  And even if I do go out, I don't usually hang out at clubs or elite places, because I don't need fancy shit to have a good time.  I would rather have been at the beach or a dive bar where I know I can have a good time and not have to depend on my money to get me decent service.  I bar tend sometimes too, and I always tip at least half my tab total, or more when I go out, but I will never return to Tao Beach after feeling like I was going to be accosted with a clip board by some disgruntled club staff who wouldn't simply answer my questions about the cost and if I could tip on top of the fee, and to whom I could expect to accept my tip for the help, and would cash be preferable.   A trained monkey could offer better, safer service. I was trying to be thorough in getting the cost paid and the appropriate gratuity to the right people, since the only dealings I had up to that point were through some text messages from the promoter.
3	Super crowded for a place that's pretty small. The drinks are pretty weak. But at least they offer the bed for sitting until the VIP arrives. But seriously, other than that, expect to stand or float around in or by the pool. At least the music was good.
4	I really did not want to come to Tao Beach since I'm not a fan of the nightclub. We arrived to Vegas on a Thursday and decided to come here right after we landed.We were able to get in for free without a problem. The pool was on the smaller size, but it was the perfect size for a Thursday pool party. I couldn't imagine coming here on a Saturday.We were able to find a perfect spot by the pool to lay our stuff at. We did wind up meeting somebody with a cabana so you know that's always a good time. We were drinking these vodka-red bull slushie drinks that were so good! I also received a free pair of tao flip flops that are soooo comfy. It was a very good time since I don't remeber leaving and taking all those pix on my cam.
3	I came here when Markus Schultz and Ferry Cortsen DJ'd and fuuuuuuh, it was HELLA crowded. The bouncers were not happy that day either. The place is SOOO small, WAY too small to have 2 big DJ's spin. The "dance floor (?)" was PACKED and it had to be 90-100 degrees that day. They should've had those giant misty fans blowing at us or some tents for shade because it was HOT and there were so many people. The pool was mirky, but my best friend was insistant that we go in because it looked "fun." Me, not being too much of a germaphobe and an admirer of fun got in with her and it was not fun. Every time the beat dropped half the people would SPLASH water like mad, they splashed wayyy too much. I suppose it looked fun, but when you're actually in the pool and they're doing that it got quite annoying. I felt like I was drowning from all the splashing because I literally couldn't breath for the 20-30 seconds the splashing went on. Other than that, I would've probably enjoyed this place if it wasn't for so many people crammed into such a small area.
3	My friends and I bought a wristband for the whole weekend (Fri-Su) for FREE admission to TAO, TAO beach, & LAVO.I dragged myself here after EDC (Electric Daisy Carnival). There was no line at all so getting in was easy. I was surprised when I got in because the pool was so small. I've been to Wet Republic before & comparing the two, TAO beach would be like a quarter size of Wet Republic. It was very hot (Vegas whether, no surprise there), so we tried to get a spot by the pool where there's shade. We couldn't leave our stuff and roam around the pool because someone else might take it. So, we stayed there for the whole time. Saw Chris Bosh (basketball player) while we were there, which is cool. But I would suggest getting a cabana next time.TAO beach is a little laid back for me. It's not really what I'm looking for when I come to Vegas.
4	Holy claustrophobia, does this place pack them in. I obviously knew that, as it seems to be the general consensus here on Yelp, but I finally got to experience the madness for myself. Thank God (or perhaps the devil) for alcohol, because that is the ONLY reason I didn't have myself a panic attack from all the people.Other than the redonk number of people shoved into a space too small (and getting there too late for open bar, boo you whore!), it was actually a crazy-fun time for me and my two galpals. Nothing like getting in for free and then getting invited into a few different cabanas to save a girl some money for shopping! Sidenote: despite what the assumption always is, you don't have to act like/look like/be a strumpet in order to be bought a drink in Vegas. All you have to do is be a girl, put a little effort into how you look, and, most importantly, be having the most fun out of everyone in the crowd (qualifications my girls and I always hit). Met some prettysick people (like Kelly Ben Simmone from Real Housewives of NYC and one hot girl from my area, holla 209!), saw some ridic tats (Lake Michigan? Flounder from The Little Mermaid? BIEBER?!), drank some Beach Bombs and never stopped dancing (at times whilst wearing a tiger head... still debating if I want to share the photographic evidence of that). The pool itself was a sh*t show in the best possible sense... crowded and crazy, especially when the bass hit hard.... basically, when that happened, it was best to not be too attached to any hairstyle or makeup situation you had going on before because the splashing reached epic proportions. Normally, this would drive me banana-sandwich, but honestly, I was having way too much fun to even care if I looked like a drowned rat. That, I think, speaks volumes for my experience with Tao Beach- I didn't care how I looked because I never stopped having fun.
4	is that water, or the gray milk after you leave your fruity pebbles sitting too long? stay away from the infested mini pool, and you'll be alright. Good music, pretty girls, good vibe, good times!Theres a cover. Unless you just walk in and look like you know what you're doing.
3	Went here on a Thursday in June. I cannot comment on the price as we knew a promoter that took care of our entry. The actual venue is pretty small but very cute. There was a DJ but the music seemed a little too low for my liking. It was not at all packed so we were able to lay our belongings alongside of the pool and jump right in. The security only repromanded people for taking their drinks into the middle of the pool (along the edge was apparently fine). The drinks ran about $12 for I believe call or well vodka but the bartendar had a heavy pour so it was A-OK in my book.
3	There's sun, mist spray, banging music, and a plenty of flesh (fine and funky).  Tiny space, tiny pool, and even a jacuzzi!  Even that wasn't so bad.  TINY area compared to the vast poolness we had to pass in order to get back there.  Went on the day BT spun and it wasn't so bad.  Wow, what a show!  Inflatable parade, costumed dancers on the rooftop (poor girls), and 2 fuchsia fuzzed gorillas jumping around (I'm sure sweaty and miserable in those costumes).  I had great company and made new friends.  The opener dj played lovely deep trance.  BT played his current hits, but then got annoyingly too hard as he wrapped.  He still hasn't learned to spin to the crowd.  My bartender, Laura G, however was a huge contribution to my joy.  Gorgeous, quick, smart, and personable.  She represents Tao well and set the tone to my day from beginning to end.  Ladies drink free for an hour early in the afternoon.  Nice!
1	Came here on a Thursday with my husband. We were both able to enter for free because we arived early. I was looking forward to tan topless, but was disappointed when no one else was. This place falsely advertises topless tanning! When I asked the waitress why no one was tanning topless, she said that topless tanning was only on Monday through Thursday. She also said I can't be in the pool topless or walk around that way either. I was shocked! I've been to Venus in the Caesars Palace and Morrea in Mandalay Bay. Both pools have pleanty of topless women both in and around the pool. I'm disappointed because we found all that out after paying for two lounge chairs. It was $100 food credit minimum plus tax and 20% gratuity. The pool is very small and I didn't like that the lounge chairs were situated away from the pool instead of around it.I wouldn't recommend coming here, nor would I ever return.
3	Ok so this was my first day club in Vegas so I decided 3 stars..i had a blast but accomodations weren't that great. I had no idea you had to be there super early to get a good spot. We stood in line for a bit, had no idea Nicole from PussyCat Dolls was celebrating her birthday that day. It was JAM PACKED. The pool is super tiny and the best way to go is cabana. We found a spot right by the palm tree and we couldn't all go in at once because someone would've stolen our shit. My friend and I jumped in the pool which is warm and definitely NOT clean. Don't go in there if you don't want to get your hair wet, there are many splash sessions.Then we saw someone puke in the pool and that's when we didn't go back in...that is overboard. The drinks are super expensive...$$$. I definitly had a blast going to my first day club but its better to get a cabana and get there early.
3	For the record:1. I saw one HOT body. Other than my own. She was definitely      eaaaasy on the eyes....2. Music was aiight.3. Crowded. I don't really appreciate other peoples private parts right behind my head     as I'm relaxing with my feet in the water. Come back tomorrow Bub.4. I regret putting my feet in the water.
2	It was my first time at TAO beach and I must admit, I was VERY disappointed! The music that they played wasn't as hyped up as it was supposed to be, it smelled like poo the whole entire time, and there weren't a lot of good looking people around! A lot of people there looked like hot messes; it's definitely something you see straight out of Jersey Shore! Plus, the pool is so small; I am a tiny girl and even I had a hard time trying to squeeze in!However, regardless of TAO beach, what I can tell you fellow Yelpers is to check pool/tanning area outside TAO. People out there are much more friendly, compared to TAO beach, and plus it's more classier! If you are the type that wished that they were a part of the TAO beach party because of the loud hype, you can certainly still party out in the pool area if you are tipsy because it's VEGAS.
4	First they have you walk through the spacious and gorgeous Venetian pool to the back area they call "Tao Beach." Luckily for us we were on a guest list and being ladies it was easier to get in, while we wait for our wristband we hear some guy arguing about paying to get in.. buddy, it's Vegas get use to it.We got their early so it was still very mellow and low-key, but once noon came rolling around here comes all party people. FREE open bar for ladies from 12-1p um heck yay!!! Now that's my kind of party! & the dj spinning hot tracks, it was a pool party to remember.However, the small pool went from clear blue to milky oily you probably shouldn't be in pool, but when you're in that zone you just can't help it.
2	Definately not what it used to be... for starters the guys that work at the front entrance are not very friendly and could learn that a kind hello goes along way with a customer...not a stare down as if you are about to be challenged.. I saw that type of service three different times during my visit...but after making contact with them they were not rude to me..Also if a customer is agreeing to pay 100 bucks for 2 chairs that is cool, but it looks really tacky to charge a gratuity of 20% up front for services that have yet to be rendered....remember a gratuity is earned NOT deserved. As far as the douchbaggery factor it does exist here...not to bad though.. All Im trying to say is that its expensive and that if you are going to pay the big bucks you should get better treatment.
3	This place was so packed!
2	WAAAY too small. Ultimately I would find another pool party. Having lots of people is fun, no doubt, but the overcrowding really kills it.
4	My friends and I  got in for free (no waiting in line) and with free drinks! It was a fun experience with their free popcorn, body painting, and snocones.  We got there early enough to secure a cabana 2 hours later we were told to pay to stay in the cabana. heck no.  haha. we were able to dip in the pool with a fun crowd tossing back and forth beach balls, sounds cheesy i know but who cares we were having fun....... 'til it became super overcrowded (ugh, typical!) so we had to leave and stayed at the pool next door -- the Venetian Pool.
3	Too many people...seriously. Although I will say, free alcohol for girls - definitely great!Will I go back? We'll see. It was alright, not great, but not bad either.
2	MEH MEH MEH. This place was just meh. The only reason I didn't give this place one star was because my guy friend got in here for free so that's +1 for that. Venue wise....this place is SO SMALL! WHERE'S THE DANCEFLOOR?! COME ON!! Then, there are the creepers...my friends and I were people watching and saw a bunch of creepy old guys hitting and checking out these girls. Then, same creepy guys hollered at some of the girls and the girls were not having it. That was pretty funny. Other than that, music was meh - they only started playing the good stuff when we decided to leave, venue - SMALL, pool - SMALL AND CROWDED...overall, DISAPPOINTING!
3	After my expectations had been raised by the large pool parties, Tao was initially a let-down. In the end, smaller had advantages and disadvantages, but overall, this place is just ok. The cabanas are mostly well positioned and a good move, as they are at most pool parties.  My never answered question - if this place is Tao "Beach," where is the sand?  I expected something beach-like, so that seems strange.  (Note to management: "Tao Wet" or "Tao Splash" are perfectly fine names that won't raise beach expectations - you can have those ideas free of charge.)Lowlight was one of the nastiest bartenders that I have ever seen.  After several complaints, I had to see for myself, and he was just terrible - he ruined the experience for a few people.  So service was a minus, but the big plus is the unexpected fun from an adults-only beach ball party with about 100 beach balls at one point.  I hadn't thought about playing with a beach ball in years, but tossing those around while the crazy techno-lovers splashed the pool to the beat was a sight to see.It's a small pool, but that might be better for those of you trying to keep track of a group of friends - it actually worked out for us.  After the fun overload that was Wet Republic on Saturday, this was a fun continuation on Sunday - there are more shady spots to keep you from getting as drained, and this felt more laid-back.Warning to all of those ladies who will try to look cute and keep their hair dry on the sidelines - this isn't the place for you and unless you flirt your way into one of the cabanas, your cute beach hat will offer little protection from insane splashing and epic beach-ball battles.
3	this place gets crazy packed!the bar line gets really long. Get the pitcher of frozen drinks to share- multiples at a time.on both sides of the pool, they have cups and cooler container of water (stay hydrated!) just ask if it needs to be refilled.
5	We had an amazing time at Tao Beach last weekend! Chris Traer was our VIP host for Tao Beach and he set us up with bottle service and an awesome table/cabana. It's tough to find a great host in LV who follows through from start to finish. Chris is the ultimate professional and it was one of the easiest/smoothest transactions we've had in Vegas. We'll definitely be calling on Chris again --(chris.traer@taogroup.com).
3	Tao Beach is a classy and intimate pool party environment. Umberto, Sasha and the whole serving crew were AMAZING! They felt more like friends rather than servers. Don't loose anything, cause management and security are really rude and not helpful. They treat everybody as a potential trouble maker, I left my phone in my cabana and they would not let me go look for it since I wasn't attending there pool party again. I loved everything about the venue except management and security guards.
4	I came with my gf's for a girls trip for Labor Day weekend.  I heard this was the busiest time of the year since summer is ending for most and pools are closing.  I work for IHG and my company has a relationship with Palazzo/Venetian and Chris Traer was the person that assisted in getting me and my girls in without any problems.  I was impressed with his promptness and keeping his word that night for getting us into the nightclub as well.  Thank you for taking care of us and I will definitely be back when I get a chance to come back with my company or just for fun.  It is  smaller area and it gets pretty crowded but that can't be changed anymore.
4	Was here on Sunday of Labor Day weekend for Nicky Romero[+] my favorite part about it are how the wristbands and reentry work[+] reentry is very convenient and not crowded with a line; you reenter where you exited[+] I LOVED being able to walk in and out of Tao to go to the Venetian guest pool before reentering Tao again[-] very, very small venue with an extremely tiny pool[-] a lot of dips in the floor so water puddles were common... Kinda ruins the clubbing flow a lil bit[-] was uncomfortably crowded (so thank goodness for reentry!)PERSONAL EXPERIENCES[+] Nicky Romero was AMAZING! he would pose for photos and give the crowd hearts and smiles :D[+] it was too hot and crowded in Tao so we went to the guest pool to take a dip and chill for a bit before we heard Nicky come on; once we did, we ran back to reentry and made it to the front row easily (we did this like 3x throughout the afternoon)[+] got a deal on the cover fee w/ 4 guys and 3 girls (2 full priced, rest free) so yay![+] met a promoter that gave us a guest key so we could go to the pool as guests tooI just looooove the ability to walk in and out to a NON-crowded pool to chill for a bit before going back to a crazy and wild crowd for the music
4	Though Tao Beach is much smaller than other pool parties I really enjoyed the intimacy. LDW we saw Benny Benassi here and it was like a private party hosted by Benny. Good sound system, great drinks.The pool is a bit small but I love the beach balls flying everywhere. No wait at the bar, no massive lines in the restroom. It's really low key and everyone here is just having a good time. Also a lot less pricey than other pool parties. Heck if you're a pretty girl don't bother buying a ticket just walk up to the check in and they'll give you a pass to get in free.Only stayed for a short time but Benny was great and even posed for photos and gave out hand shakes after his set. He even gave me his water bottle for raging so hard with him. Visit Tao Beach if you want  a more intimate pool party option.
4	By far, the smallest pool party I have been to. There was no line when we got there but still got in for free. We got a day bed as long as we bought $100 worth of drinks. && with 4 girls having yet to have their first drink in Vegas it was a DEAL! We got a daybed right by the DJ. They kicked some girls out that were putting their stuff on a daybed that was NOW ours. Our waitress was awesome making sure that we call security if anyone tried to start anything for moving their stuff. $48 for a pitcher of cocktails, we got 2.. sangria & mojito.Loveeed the DJ! He played hip-hop & house.If you like the smaller pool parties this is the party for you.Would I go here again? Why not?
4	There were two pools and one of the pools was really hot. I expected it to be bigger. Bartender was rude!
5	Once my group and I landed in Vegas after dropping our luggage at the hotel this is the first place we went. We pre-ordered our tickets online days before we showed up for $20 (GREAT PRICE). Once we got in my jaw dropped. There was a good 150-200 women and I might have seen maybe 2 that were ugly. There was only two fat guys including me so of course I had to kick the other one out... All I saw was people doing body shots, duded getting motor boated and everyone drunk having fun. Since the drinks were so expensive individually we opted for the bucket with 8 straws for $160 (tip included). My boy that got the bucket said he saw the bartender put in two whole bottles of liquor. We had so much fun there for only $20 bucks to get in.
1	Way too many people in a small ass area. Line for drinks take forever. Go to the regular pool, the workers walk around and take your order, then bring your food/drinks to you. Much better experience
3	Tao Beach is sooooo Small!  This place is okay on Thursday when they offer local girls comp daybeds and free food and drinks.  I wouldn't actually pay to go here but I will partake in an industry outing or two throughout the pool season.  Entry is Free-$20 for ladies and $20-$40 for guys with increases for holiday weekends of course.  There is no open seating at Tao or pretty much any adult pool in Vegas so if you wanna lounge then get a chair, daybed, or cabana.  The pool was filthy 90% of the times I visited.  Not that I go in most public pools anyway but still a cleaner pool would be nicer to look at. Tao Beach does occasionally have special guest DJ's who are worth going to check out.  The cabanas do have cool misters and lounge seats that are good for tanning.
2	Venue is too small, music is Amazing! Size definitely matters for this place!
3	The beach club is fun, but expect to see frat boys, sorority girls, and of course, those who want to do things that stay in Vegas.  Try to find a promoter for this one if you can; it's the only way you will actually have somewhere to sit unless you want to shell out for seats and bottle service.  The promoter we got offered us a daybed with a minimum $ order for drinks
4	I came back with some girlfriends.  This time, I worked with a promoter and I got a cabana and free drinks.  We had a great time lounging in our bikinis, enjoying the sun, and grubbing on food.  Definitely worth it if you get free entrance and cabana! :)
4	Tao Beach is awesome! Beach + alcohol+ fun people down to party. There are lockers to store your belongings but costs about 15 dollars per locker. It's worth it because you do NOT want your cell phones getting wet from being pushed in the pool. Also, alcohol is very pricy here, pre-drink before you come if possible and if not then bring lots of cash. IT takes forever to get a drink from the bar but you have to be patient. The bartenders are working really hard and they may seem like they are skipping you but they know who is NEXT. Tip them good for faster service for subsequent rounds of drinks. Some people I'd suggest to put more clothes on but "clothing is optional " (girls only). I'm coming back in about two months and yes hitting the gym religiously might be a good idea. But after a couple drinks, everyone looks good right? Can't wait to come back. I had so much fun last time...but don't forget the sunblock! My face burned so bad last time =(.
4	Oh S#!&... check out that big ass pool... err, oh wait, is that the one at the Venetian?* walks a bit further *....oh, so it's this small dingy pool filled with smashed hotties and beach balls?Aiite then!I can't say I didn't have fun at TAO Beach.  Sure, it was hella crowded and you felt packed like sardines inside that tiny excuse of a pool.  Plus you'd be lucky to not have a beach ball smack you in the face, and god forbid have it knock over your drink.That's why you have female friends get you drinks from noon to 1PM.  Take advantage gents.When there's a bumpin' DJ, shaded lounge areas and good drinks, TAO Beach can offer nothing but pure enjoyment.  Even if it's small, it's still worthwhile to go take a dip, and then retreat to your hotel's actual pool for a real swim.Tip: Carry as little as you can with you here and put all of your belongings in a locker.  You can go back to it without having to repay each time.
1	Gross gross gross!!!!!!I am never going back. Went on Saturday and had a horrendous experience. First off the line at the bar is awful! Easily spent 20 mins trying to get a drink. But the worst part was heading back to the pool and hearing That a guy sharted and vomited inside the pool. Gross! Management did nothing to get everyone out of the pool. You could see vomit chunks floating around. Runaway before its too late.GROSS!!!!
3	Happy Birthday to me. I came here with a group of friends for my birthday party. I was pretty stoked, since this was my first pool party experience.  The pool was ridiculously crowded and it was a pain to get in. Even as hotel guests, we got sent to 3 different lines before they let us in. It was opening day and I was expecting to see a lot of eye candy. I was not disappointed. However, I was bummed that we couldn't find a place to sit and to get a table was extremely pricey. We ended up renting a locker and chillin' in the pool. The water was warm and had a strange milky color. The girls did not get into the water in fear of STDs or getting pregnant. Overall it was an okay experience.  A little about my credentials:Growing up in Baltimore, I never learned how to swim. Combine that with my insecurity and man boobs, I can probably count the number of times I've been to the pool on one hand. I'm not a pool expert. but I do enjoy laying out once in a while.
1	Do you like to share a bath tub with a cluster of drunk, sweaty, scantily clad club-goers? If so, then you'll love Tao Beach. Needless to say, not my kind of place.I was annoyed just trying to find the entrance. First, you get in line on the main level of the Venetian shops and show your ID to get your hand stamped. Then you find the elevator that has no sign to indicate you're in the right place and go up to the pool level. Then you show your hand-stamp to the attendant on the pool level who is controlling who is a hotel guest and who is there for Tao Beach. Then you wind your way around the massive Venetian pool to the far side, get in another line to once again show your ID, get wrist-banded and finally pay the cover (if you're not on a guest list). And after all that, what do you find? A massive pool with room to breathe and multiple bars to serve you refreshing cocktails? Nope, the exact opposite. A tiny backyard sized pool and one bar to serve the overcrowded populace. If you're paying for a cabana this might be worth it. Otherwise, the only reason I would return is if I'm staying at a hotel with no pool. I'd come here, act like I was going to Tao Beach to gain access to the pool level, and after I got there I'd skip Tao and chill at the Venetian's massive pool for their hotel guests.
4	Always a good time at Tao Beach. The place isnt huge but big enough to walk around a little bit. Staff from bartenders to bottle servers have always been super cool with my friends & I every time we've frequented  Tao Beach. My friends know some people that work here so getting in even on busy days that feature guest celebrities & big name DJs have never been an issue. Definitely grateful for that cause when it's happening at Tao Beach, it's a damn great Vegas day spent.... Good music, good crowd.. You're in Vegas. Live it up & enjoy the pool party. They need to bring back Skam Artist DJ Skratchy to provide the soundtrack here. He really gets the crowd moving. Looking forward to going to Tao Beach again the next time my friends & I are in town.
1	I have been to other Topless pools in Vegas as well as some of the other regular pool lounges and I am so sorry to say this one was the worst experience ever. I wanted to like this so much because I do like the night club and restaurant. Me and my fiance are Vegas locals so we went on Tuesday so it would'nt be overly crowded. We found our lounges no problem but from then on we had no Customer service at all, we wanted bottle service nobody came to check on us or even offer us menus. The people right next to us were able to get anything they needed no problem, but everytime we tried to get Amy's attention she was the Server she completely acted as though my Fiance and I did'nt exsist. So here we were our nice day at the pool totally F#%ked up because we could'nt place any order for food or bottle service nothing not even waters. We will never come back here ever, I think we will stick with our regular topless pool the Moorea Beach club at least they take our cash when we want to spend it.
3	Tao Beach is a the really fun beach club at the Venetian, attached to Tao nightclub! It is a bit laid back compared to the huge beach clubs like Rehab and Wet Republic, but a huge party compared to the usual hotel pools! They have a DJ, loud music, lots of drinking, dancing, and splashing in the pool.We went yesterday (Saturday, May 18) and it was PACKED. We showed up at 12:30 and even the line for cabanas and day beds was long (probably about 30 minutes total to get inside). I've gotten there earlier on other days and had no wait at all, but then again, it seemed more packed yesterday than I've ever seen it. We had a table right next to the pool, which was a great spot for people watching and hopping in and out of the pool, but there were a few times our drinks were knocked over by beach balls! Not the end of the world. Everyone started splashing like crazy when good songs came on, so there was a lot of energy. One thing to remember when you are assigned a spot is that the sun moves west, so if you are on the eastern side of the pool, you will eventually run out of shade.The reason I give Tao Beach 3 stars is because you pay a lot for alcohol to be in a pretty small space. For four of us our tab was 1500 (including tax and tip), which is not as bad as it would have been at some of the beach clubs, but still a bit outrageous considering we only ordered two bottles of kettle one that they probably payed $15 each for...ah well:) You pay for the experience, which is worth it every now and then.One thing that frustrated me as well is that they wouldn't serve us individual drinks at the tables (this is the first time I have gone that they refused to do that - they said they were too busy and we could only order bottles). Even though we ordered bottles as well, we would have liked to have a bloody mary or a daiquiri every now and then, so we thought it was pretty crappy they wouldn't serve us what we wanted. I guess we could have gone and ordered those from the bar, but that defeats the purpose of having a table in the first place!
4	I walked in laughing at how tiny this pool was yet how CRAZY everyone I know goes for it. By the end of our day here though, I understood!! Great music and fun people, and just the perfect amount of space to mingle comfortably. Loved that they released a ton of beach balls half way through the afternoon and that they were comfortable with the giant alligator floatie that provided us with endless entertainment in the pool. I know a lot of places are weird about toys/floaties :P With this laid back vibe, I'll be back for sure! Note though that I went on a pretty quiet day (a Wednesday, maybe?). I might have felt differently about my experience here if it was packed to the brim like I know it is most weekends.Also, one question - did anybody else get insanely lost trying to find this place?! Somebody has to improve those directions in the maze you have to scramble through to get here!
4	I had a great time here. Came with a group of 7 on a Saturday and it was  beyond crowded. As others said, it's a pain to get in but I still liked it. To get a drink took 30 mins n we were second in line! Definitely recommend buying a pitcher ($60) or bottles. The drinks for the pitcher  were really good, the bartenders were hot. Very crowded but it made it more fun. Small pool but wasn't full. Great dance music and toys for the pool. I'd go back
1	Couldn't believe such thing could happen to me at such amazing place as Venetian hotel!!!! Gorgeous place!!! Went there with my boyfriend looking for fun at beach party on Thursday. Ready to spend money and have some fun. First thing was that we call a server and she said she couldn't serve us unless we buy "table" she didn't explain how the things were working there. Ok. My boyfriend went to the bar to get a drink. Moment later one of the guys working there, young kid, approached to me and said that I have to move. Without any explanation, again!!!!! I said I'm waiting for my boyfriend and move as soon as he comes back. He just grabbed our stuff!!!! And threw it on other sit saying he has to sit someone else!!!! Huh!!!?!?! Nobody ever explains a damn thing!!! We were ready to buy whatever because we were waiting more friends to join us. The guy was so rude!!! We left the place and came back to gorgeous pool with  the nicest personnel  at encore!!! What a lovely place!!!
5	Had a daybed here last Saturday during MDW and the day was just TOO good!!! Staff here is beyond awesome and fun! They take great care of you and make sure you are ALWAYS stocked with a bottle of anything you want. I absolutely love the beach balls, Tao flags, blow up animals parades they put on too. Eric Dlux was DJ that day he was awesome n got the crowd going crazy. When in Vegas do it up n come here for some fun!
1	TAO Beach is the tiniest place to hold a pool party! You have to pay ridiculous prices for a poor excuse of a table that'll fit 4 people . Save your money and go elsewhere for a pool party. OR pay extra for a better size table at a different day club.
3	I've had pretty bad experiences going to TAO Nightclub. Reason being that the place likes to pack it all the time with no room to dance and no room to walk around because you're bound to bump into people. TAO Beach was no different. Small pool area and they packed this place also with no room to hang out. Luckily it wasn't a big event here at TAO even though we were on the guest list and had to arrive before 11am in order to get a purple wristband. For what though? Men weren't given free drinks from 1pm - 2pm. Only the women were able to get free drinks. We didn't know and some of us ended up paying and some of us didn't. However, day clubs are usually fun no matter what and even though I came here with low expectations which I'm glad I did, I ended up having a good time here. Music, drinks and people hitting the beach balls at each other made it a good time. Even if the water became cloudy after a while when the pool got packed. Main pool was packed as well as the smaller one towards the back of the area. Locker room proved useful but be sure to chip in with friends to make it worth useful as $20 is too much for one couple. If you didn't reserve to get a chair or a cabana, this is not the place to go to if you want to relax unless you're thinking of just staying in the pool the whole time. Just make sure you get there early to get a spot in the pool. If you don't have space, you're better off going outside of TAO Beach and just relaxing at the bigger pool area outside.
5	Five Stars, Beach!!!What's a better way to close a Vegas vacation, then by spending your last day at a never-ending noon pool party!!!    Sure, dragging yourself out of bed is a pain, but when you pair it with the desert heat, beautiful bodies everywhere, smiling faces, blasting bass, and free Popsicles.... What the hell else could you ask for!!!I'm sorry but if you want more... MORE...Who in their right mind could really want more?!  If you want more, your off your rocker, for real!The only con, which I suppose is actually a pro as well, is the fact that there's a little cubby area hidden towards the back of the pool.  I only found it on accident, and wish there was info about the baggage check area, when we entered... That way we would have really gotten our 15bucks worth of the service, but WHATEVER!My fav part of the whole experience was throwing balls at peoples heads:if your kissing in the pool... Imma aim at you!  These crazy people wont let me kiss my man, without us taking a ball to the face, so you cant do it either!!!If you look like your scared to get wet.... Imma aim at you!If your obviously targeting someone else, whose defenseless.... Imma aim at you!If your pervy and make a move on me, when I'm obviously with MY MAN.... Imma spike the ball at your f'n face, and imma make sure I hit you!Best part of the Whole Vacay.... but who am I kidding... breathing in Vegas was the best part, everything's the best part when your on Vacation!Oh yeah.... and you've gotta love all the stupid people who pay for a cabana when, tons of us early-risers have been partying in the same spot for free, for the last 5 hours.  Losers!  Yes... show the world how you ball, by throwing away your money, for NO REASON! LMFAO!!!!!
5	I'm about a year or 2 late on the review but this place had given me a great memories...It was my first Awesome Pool Party, yes the place is small but intimacy=)You will see everyone here!  Unlike other huge place where everyone is scatter around.Anyways we had a Cabana which is a must for guys!!  Yes, the ladies will come=P  It included food and drinks.  The DJ were great, keeping the crowds pump with great music (Top 40's, Hip-Hop, Pop, and EDM) couple of bikini contests.Everyone was splashing water around depending on the songs and Beach ball were bouncing around everywhere (This is the closer thing to MTV spring break you watch on TV)  This is the spot!!
4	My friends and I went here 5/31/13.  This pool party is comparatively smaller than others, but is still a lot of fun.  The DJ was playing good music and there were probably 100 beach balls being thrown around the pool.  Drinks were expensive, but tasty, which is not to be expected.  I would go here to compliment one of the other big pool parties.
2	it was difficult to get to this place, and ppl are terrible at giving directions to first timers. but i can't remember now what floor it was on, but you go through few security ppl. you get your stamp from the store right in front after you get off the escalators once you get that you enter through the security check pt to the elevators into the pool you're greeted. Asking for your room key, and if you don't have it you show them the stamp that you're there for tao beach club.Theres a lot of pool sections, but tao beach is basically located in the FAR left corner. once i got in i was laughing at how small the pool is. great music, but i had terrible serv. my friend kept getting ignored when she was trying to get a drink. All the seats were taken, and i saw ppl passing the beach balls & such. looked fun, but too crowded for me. I got my free drinks and was there for a bit to listen to the music & than i left.
2	TAO Beach needs more water stations for patrons.  With the temperatures soaring, water is certainly a necessity.  I fainted and fell to the ground while waiting in line for water.  I suffered from what appeared to be heat exhaustion.  I commend the staff for helping me up and taking me to the paramedics.  It was a frightening experience, to say the very least.
1	Tiny pool full of tepid piss water w fist pumping idiots....and its $35 for a Ciroc/RB.Pass. Liquid @ Aria is bigger, cleaner and has better music and vibe.
4	This is my first beach club party in Vegas, but it was honestly a BLAST! It may not be as big as the other parties, but it's up there in the crunk category.Tips:- A Cabana there is $400 total (not per person), but your food and drinks count towards it. Ex: If you order $400 worth of food and drinks, your cabana is payed for.- If you do get a cabana, just get a bunch of pitchers - $60 each- Get there a little early for a good cabana near the pool (I'd say ~ 11ish).There are beach balls flying everywhere, and its fine to kung fu them at random people, because they are doing it to you. The music is your typical EDM awesomeness, with a few top 40 songs mixed in here and there.They have 2 pools, both are fairly small compared to most vegas pools, but the party really kicks up mid afternoon. Honestly, it's what you expect from a vegas party, I only wish the pools were a little bit bigger.
3	TAO Beach is a solid 3 stars. Both the size of the pool and the general standing space are a lot smaller than other Vegas pool parties. We arrived around 1 and it was pretty packed but we were able to grab a small space to sit at the edge of the pool. I am not sure if they have lockers here but it was a pain trying to keep track of all my things. By the end of the day all of our clothes were soaked from floor water and my shirt was gone. People splash constantly in the pool and it is hard to get away from it since its so small. They don't let you take your drinks to the center of the pool; you can only drink at the edges. They also don't have the big plastic cups with lids like other dayclubs.  BUT when Gareth Emery came on the crowd really got going and it was a fun day. They provide beach balls that everyone was enjoying hitting around, and large pool toys to float on. Everyone was chill and it was a good day party. There are better places to go, but its not bad. What I really enjoyed was leaving the club after Gareth's set and floating around in the Venetian pool right outside the club. We could still hear the music but had more space and no one splashing.
3	Came here during EDC weekend for New World Punx, Ferry Corsten and Markus Schulz. The dance floor was tiny, and the pool wasn't too big either. There was hardly any room on the dance floor. So I guess that's my only complaint, the small size. But the place had a nice atmosphere. It's like an oasis of loud music, alcohol, and party-goers in the middle of day in Vegas. Nice decor and sound system was decent. You can also ask for a food menu from the bar and actually get food items from Tao restaurant. Re-entry is easy.
2	We came here for for a pool party on Vegas on the Rocks weekend.  It was crazy busy.  You could barely move.  $20 cover to get in. They tables were very expensive to rent and had a very large minimum purchase which I know is to be expected).  If you did not rent a table, there was no seating.  They did not allow any outside drinks--even closed bottled water--you were searched and they were taken.  Pros:Open bar (free) during certain hoursLimited menu offeredDunk a ChipNDaleFree snacks (popcorn, snow cones)Great DJCons:Too crowdedNo where to sitNo open tablesVery expensiveSmall poolVery small space
3	Small pool, didn't care. 2nd pool party of the weekend already. The venue is a bit cramped, but hey you might bump into the same hot chic 4 times today!All the beer wenches were FCKIN HOT here! I almost thought I was at Sapphire!Prices, who cares? It's Vegas. Nothing in Vegas is cheap, except playing Pai Gow and getting fcked up for free. Music, pretty much the same everywhere!Work hard, spend your money harder! come Monday, get your ass back to work and make more of it! Live IT up!
3	If you haven't figured it out yet Vegas is HOT in the summer! If you want to cool down this is not the place for you! Tao Beach is petty small and the pool is even smaller ( not to mention the color of the water is suspicious at best!) Drinks are Vegas priced which is not a shock, but  it's whatever. When we went it was very crowded and all of that unnecessary body heat does not help. There are better pool parties in Vegas, but if you are staying at the Venitian go for it, if not find a better party.
5	CABANAWe got the corner cabana far from the pool and it was the best spot. We got two day beds and the corner table. We spent the whole day there from 10 am to 3-4 pm and we would have hated Tao if we didn't have this cabana to fall back on. BEACH PARTYAwesome music / day club. We got there early to enjoy the gorgeous pool, take pictures, lounge on all the other beds since it was empty. Once the party picked it, it was madness and I stopped going into the pool...mostly because I couldn't see the bottom anymore, it was that murky. I keep telling myself that it's just sunblock...FOODWe had a $1000 budget [if you can even call it that] to eat and drink. We basically kept ordering food and I ate until all the ab workouts I did the week prior went out the window and I was back to buddha belly status, in a food coma by noon on the day bed. So, in order to wake up, we ordered more mojitos and buckets of water!
3	TAO Beach is an okay beach club. It's on the smaller side. The pool is especially small.They have this real good drink called Poolside. I def recommend it.The food is decent as well. I had the sweet potato fries and chicken on a stick. Both were yummy.Since it was a Friday, we had no problem finding a table and seating. It's nice to get this without having to drop dime on bottle service.
2	Nothing special about this place. Drinks are weak (Especially the frozen ones) and overpriced of course. Message to the skinny pale blonde wimp at the entrance with the clipboard. You arent tough, you arent cool and you couldnt get laid in a womens prison.
3	Out of all the pool parties in vegas, this one probably sucks the hardest. Dont get me wrong, I like the "women drink for free for the next two hours" announcement that our bartender gave, but the pool is small. Much smaller than other venues like Wet Republic or Encore beach club which are two of my favorites. Plus, the water is MURKY and hot. its the opposite of what a pool is supposed to beDepending on who's playing at TAO, It can be completely different crowds, but the times I've gone its been a lively crowd with probably a 60-40 ratio of women to men. Not bad. The people who pay for the beds, you are dumb. We got a prime cabana, just started talking to a server and marked it at our spot. We had food  and drinks delivered there for 3-4 hours before a staff member realized we had'nt reserved, nor paid for a cabana. winning! if you dont come to Vegas often, you can easily skip this day club without feeling an ounce of remorse.
2	"If it isn't you giving us your money, it's somebody else, so keep it moving..."That is the attitude that I picked up from the staff here at Tao Beach.  While standing right in front of the cashier waiting to pay my entrance fee she thought a text to a friend was more important than even acknowledging me or processing my credit card.  This would never have occurred next door at Wynn/Encore.  While I know and understand that the staff has to deal with out of control drunk kids they could have been a bit more professional and courteous, especially the young lady I speak of above.Once inside the pool is tiny and the space is extremely tight and crowded.  I will say the DJ spins an incredible track and has some great mixes, but other than that if you're looking for a day party at the pool head North to Encore Beach Club and avoid this place.  Not impressed.
5	Its always alot of fun at TAO Beach. When visiting vegas we always make sure to stop in for a bit. TAO BEACH will always have me as a guest when ever im in town.
2	Its a crazy party and its a small location...honestly just watch the bartenders. One of them added quite a bit more tip than I gave them when I looked at my credit statement.
4	My boyfriend and I chose Tao Beach because our Vegas trip was on Labor Day weekend and all the bigger pool parties had jacked their prices up for the holiday. Tao Beach was still $20 for ladies, $40 for men. We arrived at about 10 a.m. and were admitted for FREE! We like to think its because we are good-looking, but we're probably fooling ourselves. Lol! I bet it was just because it was early and they were trying to get people in the door. The party started slowly, so we relaxed for a while on the lounge beds - you can use them for free until someone rents them out. One of the staff members recommended we sit in the back by the jacuzzi because those are the last lounges to be sold. We did just that and were so shaded and comfortable the entire time and never had to give it up. At about noon, we went back to the hotel room (re-entry is allowed with your wristband!) for lunch and some vodka drinks (too expensive for us to buy more than a few drinks at Tao), then went back around 2:30 to find the place had transitioned from a peaceful, relaxing atmosphere to a crazy, packed party!! Everyone was dancing and having a great time. The Dj was playing great music and Trey Songz who was scheduled to perform at Tao Nightclub later came out and hyped the crowd and sang along with a few of his songs. After the party was over (5:30 or so?) we went out to the venetian's pool and relaxed as the sun went down. It was such an amazing day. We will never forget what a great time we had.Pros: all of what I said aboveCons: expensive drinks (yeah I know - that's Vegas for you)small pool
4	This pool is fun but extremely SMALL.  Overall, it was a BLAST I would definitely come back much better then Rehab if I had to choose! We arrived on a guest List but we got in for free which was awesome! I would expect to get in for free since the Beer is ridiculously expensive! Bucket of 6 for $70.00
4	We were staying at the Palazzo and initially chose Tao beach because it was convenient and close. We had such a good time, we went again the next two days! We met a promoter who added us to his guest list and we got in free with an open bar.  Danielle and the other bartenders made awesome drinks! There are also a lot of frozen drinks to pick from.Tao beach was smaller than some of the other pool parties like rehab, ditch and wet republic, but it was just the right amount of "party" for us and unlike some of the other pools, there are actually places to sit if you don't have a cabana or daybed. We got a cabana our second day there but spent most of the time in the pool anyway. This was a really fun pool with a good dj, cool atmosphere and clean restrooms!
5	TAO Beach was amazing! Part of the reason that we stayed at the Venitian was the fact that we wanted to go to TAO Beach.The first day we visited, we went to check out the lay of the land. Because it wasn't the weekend, we walked right in after showing our IDs.The second day we visited, it was for their day party. Red Foo from LMFAO was performing. We splurged for a cabana (pretty reasonable split between 4 of us). The price went towards food and alcohol purchases. What a fun day!! I must admit, there is something to be said for partying during the daytime in a bathing suit & flat shoes. Something I definitely want to do more often!The actual pool is pretty small, more for hanging out than doing laps. But, it's nice to be able to cool off & have some fun in the water. I'll definitely make it a point to stop by TAO Beach on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Tao beach at the Venetian, is a cute place. It is smaller than the other Las Vegas pools. The Cabana's are nice and spacious. I found the pool itself smaller than the average. The bathrooms are labelled ying and yang. Can you guess which one is for males and and which one is for females? I don't remember which one was which but had to look inside for urinals as guidance.
2	Promoter was given my ID for cocktail waitress.  They ended up losing my ID! Really annoying. Pre paid $1000 for one of their beds/table area's and got $1000 towards alcohol and food.   It was ok time.  Had 10 guys for bachelor party. Pool is tiny.
5	was here on a thursday, friday, and saturday with 8 other girls for a bachelorette partayyy trip. promoters here are awesome- hooked us up with free admission, free beds, open bar hours, and a couple hundred $$$ towards food and drinks (who needs food?)... overall awesome experience!day drinking... check. the well drinks during open bar hours were strong. also, you've gotta try one of their signature drinks called 'poolside'. it's made with absolut tune and is super yum. just get a pitcher, you won't regret it.sunbathing... check. plenty of towels were provided by scantily clad gorgeous chicks with pretty awful boob jobs, womp. the hawt tan staff dudes were helpful in maneuvering umbrellas, tables, and other heavy ish. the beds are super comfy, the cabana couches are nice too, and even just sitting by the edge of the pool was good.poolpartying... check. anyone who knows me knows i loathe swimming pools.  luckily, this isn't a swimming pool. rather, it's a smallish 4-foot deep, chlorine-water-filled party hole. perfect place to cool off. i went in. chillaxing with beautiful peoples... check. errrbody at tao is gorgeous. okay, mostly errrbody. pretty strangers to play with is always appreciated. lots of 'em at tao- niiice.dancing to good tunes... check. in or outta the pool, the dancing didn't stop. and it's mostly the sloppy day-drinking, jiggly-bit-bouncing, probably-getting-suburned, gonna-hurt-tomorrow, where-the-eff-am-i kinda dancing. definitely not for the old folks.if you like to party, people watch, day drink, get your tan on, hear good beats, get friendly with scantily clad strangers... live it up at tao beach.
2	The Party was fun despite the doorman.  I am not used to spending a lot of money on a cabana and being treated so rudely.  He was a jerk and acted like we were such an inconvenience to him.
4	Came for Sunday Funday and had a BLAST! We got an umbrella and lounge next to the pool.  Service was great.  Love the design and there was a good DJ.
2	TAO Beach is nothing special for Vegas. The area is very small and the day beds are crowed but they are not very expensive in the gran scheme of things. Murky water (I get it, but come on). TAO Beach is not about the experience but about who you are with. Luckily I had a great time with my friends but the atmosphere was lacking, hard. Been there, done that, don't need to go back.
3	Your Las Vegas experience is incomplete without a day club experience! But I don't suggest coming to TAO Beach. The area is SO SMALL... It's almost like a pool party in someone's backyard. But there are also sooo many people, so there is absolutely no space to sit down or play in the pool. The service was pretty good though, so I'll give them credit for that!
4	Awesome! The promoter here hooked it up with free admission, open bar (blue wristbands) and overall an awesome time! We didn't get as hooked up as we did at Encore Beach Club BUT, we met some friends that had a cabana and it was on! They had free-flowing Sangria, quesadillas (delicious!) and chilled ice-buckets of beers. Saweeeet! It was our last hour in Vegas and I was in charge of getting us back to our flight on time. But I was having such a blast, that I ignored my alarm and continued to party! BUT our other friend got hella sus and wondered what was going on. She made us hall out of there and back to our flight on time...it was a good thing because I had to eventually come back to reality (but don't they have other Southwest flights? Come on...hahaha) Our friends paid $500 for their daybed and they can go in a separate line. The ladies keep it coming with the drinks and food. They even have girls that wipe your sunglasses for you (is that really a job?) They also have girls come around with fresh raspberries. I'm not sure if that was only a cabana thing or regular thing cuz I was living the cabana life for a minute. They are also a little more equal opportunity and not only do the women strut around in their bikinis, but the men also strut around in their shorts. At Encore, it's only the girls. Lame... Come early also! Like around 11am...
2	Too small, too crowded. The kicker? One of my girls couldn't get in because she was carrying her Epi-Pen in her purse. Bouncer said she couldn't bring it in. Tried to explain that she would die without it; bouncer didn't believe her. Unbelievable!!!
1	Please read carefully...On April 12, me and friend were purchasing a cabana.  We are two blacks males by the way.  We are both professionals in our field, college educated, respected citizens.  We wanted to treat ourselves with a fun time away from our wives. Now you know the background, let's get started with the problems.I presented the reps with my license and credit card. A few minutes after they seated us, they approached me saying they can't us my credit card since my license has my name with the 3rd on it and the credit card doesn't.  They claim it is for security purposes but I told them to call the credit card company and it prove that is my card.  Manager comes back and says still can't.  They also asked if the billing address is the same as my license.  The billing address is my work address so no luck again.Now maybe it is just me but it can only be two things wrong with this picture...1. They don't want black people or2. They don't want late 30's professionals with money.You can probably guess my choice.  I hope this helps anyone and I seriously hope this changes their "policy".  We ended up at Rehab at Hard Rock and had a wonderful time.
2	Came here with the BF last year with one of those VIP tickets.  TAO Beach itself is pretty small and packed.  There's nowhere to stand and trying to get drinks is horrendous. People pushing you as if they were giving out free drinks or something.We actually enjoyed the other part of the pool area better. Plus, you can still hear the music from there, so why not?
1	Nah. We came here on a Friday. Never again unless I have a cabana. They serve food at the bar (including sushi) and that's about the only thing note-worthy about this dayclub. I was really disappointed because I've heard a lot about this place. The pool is so tiny. The jacuzzi is so tiny. There's only room to walk around, no room to post up and dance or socialize. Music was awful. It's just an all around fail. The hotel pool was WAY nicer than this "dayclub." Plus it was hard as hell to find and only 2 of the hotel employees that we approached knew where it was, one of them being a rep for Tao Beach. One positive is that we had no trouble getting in, but now I can see why.
2	Tao beach on a Tuesday...dead and they still wouldn't let you use the couches without the promise of a $100 tab. Of course, who doesn't reach a $100 tab? ALL of the couches were empty ALL day. There were more people at the regular pool than this place.
3	The day started off on a bad note at the Venetian.   We were excited about going to Tao Beach for a good time my boyfriend and I.  We came to the check in prior to heading in and right off the bat the guy in charge said they were not letting people in.  This was a big turn off for us because we felt that we were discriminated against and he accused my bf of being too intoxicated when he didn't show any indication of drinking!! The good news was that we got in anyway needless to say the jerk at the door made a bad judgment because we are good people just wanting to enjoy our time together.  It was fun but a Lil crowded, good music and great drinks especially the beach bum! Will be back probably but the chump must go ; )
5	My friend was stopped as we were walking out of the Palazzo.  We were offered a daybed with no minimum to be charged, and open bar.  Glad we checked it out, it was a relaxing pool party experience.  Just what we were looking for.
4	Warning: If you are shy of itsy bitsy teeny weeny bikinis, crowds and good (but loud) music, stay far away from Tao Beach. Don't let the name fool ya, there's no relaxation or zen here. Just straight fun and a bit of madness... I wouldn't want to be here everyday, but when in Vegas.... PARTY! We wanted to experience a real Vegas pool party during our Girls' Weekend Getaway and we found a good one. So much in fact we came back here twice. The first time, we were smart and got a day bed. It seems expensive but when you add up a full day of drinks, food and a comfy place to lay out with your group in a crowd full of standing people, it is SO worth it and then some. The second time we were relaxing at one of the larger (quieter) Venetian pools and wandered back for another dose of Tao. On the first day, we ordered pitchers of fruity sangria and munched on everything from quesadillas to edamame, all of which were surprisingly good. The music ranged from top 40 to hip hop to old school to EDM. There was something for everyone. We danced the day away and had a blast of a time.Like I mentioned, Tao Beach is not a place for quiet relaxation, but no worries... The Palazzo has plenty of other pools for that. Also-- don't come here expecting to get much swimming time in either. Though both the perimeter and the inside of the pool get packed, it's much more like a liquid dance floor than anything. Our daytime party at Tao ended up being one of the most fun highlights of the trip!P.s. Free entry if you are staying at the Palazzo or Venetian. I still recommend getting a day bed if you are with more than 3 people and plan on staying a while.Tip: Go on the weekends but get there early (i.e. 10:30/ 11am).
2	Came here on Sunday to see Carnage, got in around 1pm and it filled up shortly after that. The pool area is tiny, so it's not the place if you're really lookin to have your space in the water - but the Venetian has a huge pool right next to it where you can lounge around and still hear the music. I was disappointed they didn't have any Lychee drinks since it is a Japanese inspired club. I did like the vibe overall but after a couple hours that came to an end. They kicked my brother out for just spending more than 5min in the bathroom, accused him of not being who he is after seeing his ID, and had the time to interrogate him as well. The worst part is they didn't come inform me themselves that they kicked him out or at least escort him to get me so I was still in the club alone for another 45min or so without a clue. I tried to address the situation but the head of security and 20 something yr old "manager" had no knowledge of hospitality or good customer service. Not even enough to pretend to care and make a change for the future, I just got the run-around from them. They obviously need a change in management and priorities. Even with the time I did enjoy here, I do not plan to be back just because of the way we were treated. Just like they have thousands of customers and we're not worth being treated with respect, Vegas has many dayclubs and Tao is not worth our time or money.
3	Came here to see Markus Schulz on Friday of EDC Week, so I don't know if the experience is any different during other times of the year.  The ticket prices were kind of ridiculous for guys ($50), but for girls it wasn't that bad ($20).  They didn't let me bring in my empty water bottle, but one of the guards told me I could hide it in a bush and come back for it later.  They do have lockers available to rent, but I don't know how much they go for.  I was fine with staking out a spot by the pool and leaving my stuff right behind me.  The main pool they have is kind of small and got full very quickly, so come early if you want to sit at the pool.  It was my first day club experience, so it was very cool to see the pool get turned into a watery dance floor! I thought it was weird that the DJ booth wasn't positioned in the view of the pool though, and a few people were wondering where it was.  Drinks were typical Vegas club prices.  I asked the bartender for a Vodka Cranberry ($13), and I guess she mistakenly heard Vodka Soda because that's what she gave me...oh well, it was still good.  There was also a cabana in front of the pool that was giving away free beers, so my annoyance at paying $13 for a drink was soon forgotten.  By the time Markus Schulz came on, we moved out of the pool (by this time, the water was pretty gross) and onto the cramped dance floor.  The majority of the space is taken up by cushy VIP areas, so I wish there was more shade/dancing space for us peasants who can't afford to spend $500 on food and drink in order to claim one of those couches for ourselves.  I do want to commend the security at the stage, because he was so nice and offered to hold up my sunglasses so I could get them autographed! I asked him if he liked the music that was playing and he said, "naw man this shit is too cheesy for me" haha.  Overall had a great time because of the music and the people, but there are definitely better venues.
1	Good but not great.  The pool is small and there are no seats.  The entire seating area is reserved meaning you must spend the following in drinks and food:$300 area @bar$500 main area$700 for a spot by the itsy bitsy poolIt's way hot and small.  If I had to pay to get in I'd be mad.  Check out the pool party at The Palms cause that's tight.
3	It's good and fun but way too packed!Since it is small, it fills up fast!Music and staff are good.
3	Tao beach isn't my favorite pool party in Vegas, but it can be a fun place! I think this is one of the smaller day clubs in Vegas, but usually a fun time! Although unless you plan on spending money for a daybed or cabana don't expect to sit down and relax. I have had the luxury of having a great cabana which makes the experience a lot different!
5	Last week was my first time in Vegas so I looked to yelp to kind of scope out the scene so I knew which parties to go to and which to try and avoid. My friend saw DJ Lema was spinning at Tao Beach Club so she bought us tickets. When we looked on yelp the day of the flight we read a lot of bad reviews on this place.... so here is mine:       I absolutely loved it. It is small but you can pay $200 ($50 each  for 4 friends which is unheard of in Vegas) to get a bed. That $200 can be used for drinks and food - so youre set. EVERYONE is so nice. Waitresses are not stuck up, and are extremely helpful.       There is a mood director - amazing! Gets the crowd dancing, clapping, jumping, etc.        The Venetian, itself, was just a beautiful hotel and casino, so the walk to Tao Beach Club was awesome. It is big, we did get lost lol. There are 3 pools I believe - Tao Beach Club is all the way in the back.
1	This place is disgusting. Google Tao Beach and water quality. You'll see that this place has one of the worst conditions. I was sad to see that my friend got an allergic reaction to the water due to all it's chemicals and impurities. The service also sucks here. Avoid at all costs!!!
1	Just avoid this place.  Too small, too crowded, and I've never seen more tear-drop tattoos in one place.  Find another day club or pool and you'll have a blast.
1	They literally blocked off a section of the Venetian pools and called it a beach club. Huge money grab. Advertised as a a roof beach, but you cannot see anything. The speakers they have are poor and sound terrible at the volume they crank it to. Music selection is good.There is no free seating and little shade.
2	Way too small. I had an alright time when I came but I wouldn't go back. The area is tiny and the pool is ridiculously tiny. I don't know how they are able to call this a beach/pool club because the pool is honestly like a large hot tub. And that's the other thing. It was so cold! The water was not heated at all and I couldn't even make it in the water because it was just so frigid. It didn't even fill up, I'm sure because it was freezing. We got in free through a promoter, so that's okay. I would never pay to come here. I wouldn't even come here again for free. There's just way better pool parties in Vegas than Tao Beach.
3	My first time at a day club and I was surprised that TAO beach was far better than their night club.Like others have said, this place is too small and PACKED. However, I still had a great time and mostly free drinks throughout the day! A bunch of girls and I got in for free through a promoter and we were able to have a couple of drinks for free because it was an open bar. The bartenders were a bit snooty for no reason... but then again I would probably be the same.I definitely would have liked to tried other pool parties while I was in Vegas, but a group of us were pressed for time so we didn't want to bounce from place to another.Don't know if I would make TAO Beach as my go-to though.
4	Great daytime hangout spot.Cons:  lockers get used up fast, so travel light.  No rinse shower but hotel pool is just outside so bring a towel as Venetian pool staff are not going to help put Tao guests.
5	Party music, eye candy, delicious food made by Tao Restaurant, and exceptional customer service. Booking a day bed or cabana is the way to go. Thank you to Jason Carpenter and your amazing staff for taking care of us. A+++ service as always.
4	Super tiny beach club when you compare it to encore, there are only 2 tiny mini pools and the rest of it is hot pavement! Luckily the restrooms are cleanBut why did I give this place a 4?Simply because you can't beat dancing in the pool on a hot summer day.  There was also a very nice promoter named Timothy who came by and generously poured libations into my open mouth and proceeded to offer me and my friends the hookups.  Needless to say we got entrances to clubs, bottles, tables, drinks, and even food comp'd by him and his friendsBasically going to Tao Beach made our weekend all the more great
5	I don't even know where to start after experiencing an epic time at TAO Beach:Great DJ and mix of music including hip-hop, Lobster Tacos, Fishbowls, and BUNCH of girls. Swimming in women fish bowl sipping this pool party was so magnificent. My boys and I were treated like Kings as soon as we walk in the door. TAO had an overall diverse atmosphere of party goers.Guys I highly recommend booking a daybed or cabana at TAO for these reasons!  No wait in line (obvious).Location to take a girl or girls away for the pool for conversation.The service of getting alcohol and food will be a lot faster getting individual drinks which equals more time to TurnUP.*Come early and start drinking at the pool edge where most of the girls are partying that is a must!! Since this venue is smaller than most pool parties location is everything.
5	Another one of my favorite Pool parties they have in Las Vegas. I love seeing Djs on a personal level unlike Encore or Wet Republic where they are all hidden in a VIP ONLY area. Here at Tao like at Marquee you get just that! A personal set and the opportunity to shake your DJs hand. I'll be back in the future!
2	I'm a big fan of the Palazzo and the Vegas daytime pool parties; however Tao beach seems to fall a little short.  The DJ and music was great and we did have a good time dancing for 5 hours straight!  But this place was more like an outdoor club versus a pool party because the pool was about 20 feet by 20 feet.  It looked more like a hot tub versus a pool so not many people bothered with it and just stayed and drank and danced at their table.  The server wasn't very friendly either and kept making me sign for my bottles to make sure my signature was exactly like on the credit card.  It made me feel like they thought we were going to run off.  In the end I signed for the servers $500 tip and then she asked for another $100 for the ice boy.  To be honest the ice guy did an amazing job and was the only nice one between the two of them, but $100 for bringing ice?  Shouldn't it come from the 20% tip I left?  He was good so I gave him an extra $50 but seriously this seems a bit extreme!  There are many other options out there like the party at the MGM grand that just knocks it out of the park.  I'll be back to the Palazzo but I won't be visiting Tao beach again.
4	I love TAO Beach. The people who work here are super accommodating and even when it's crowded, they make an effort to be nice and serve you. I've been here twice and the first time, there was no line, but the second time, the line wrapped around the entire pool outside of TAO Beach. Even though the line was long the second time, it moved very quickly. The bouncers here are super efficient!I would really recommend getting a cabana or booking a daybed here because the place is small. If you don't book one (especially if you are a guy), you really have no place to go. Overall, this is a great place to go to hangout during the day. The people who come here are generally really excited and happy to be there. What's also great about this place is that the DJ booth is right next to the pool so if you really like a certain artist, you can get very close to him/her. Even closer if you book the cabana's behind the DJ booth!
5	To me, this place is tied for best pool party in Las Vegas (the other one being rehab). Came on a Saturday afternoon and stayed all day. Drinks here are as high as any other Vegas place, but they do offer a good selection of frozen drink options. Yes the place is small, but it's great music, great dj, great people all around you and just a great time. A must do if you are in Vegas, you be diss appointed trust me.
4	I love the whole vibe here. The DJ played a nice mix of music. Also, the bartenders here are super friendly and make yummy drinks.
5	TAO Nightclub is a freaking joke.TAO Beach, is insane. This is my go to day party in vegas. Just go.and dont get in the water, that stuff is grey and full of sex juices.
3	One of the smaller dayclubs in vegas located in the heart of venetian, right above Tao nightclub. Although its straight above the club you will have to find your way into the deepest heart of Venetian to get here. If you enter main entrance you go up the escalators and then towards the shops, once you hit the water you turn right until you find a counter where you will get checked in. After dodging the line you go up the elevator and stroll through their regular pool area towards the music, you will find it at the very end of it, covered by some lushy bushes.Most of the area is covered by tables and sunbeds which you pay for of course, so its not not very spacey if you dont go deep in your pockets. The pool is sized after the venue, and you wont be alone in there. So dont bring your fins if you want to swim. Instead take your spot and be prepared to share it with some other guys.This is an okay dayclub, but its a bit small compared to other. So if you gonna choose one dayclub to visit, i rather suggest going somewhere else or end up having a table/sunbed to get some room.
2	Please note, I did not go inside!!I was staying at the Venetian last weekend and our beds were right by the entrance to Tao Beach. The doormen were extremely unprofessional, mocking people as they turned them away and their ID policy is ridiculous. A group of women in their mid 40s were told they couldn't enter as they didn't have ID, despite the fact that they had spent a lot of money on a cabana and drinks at the Venetian pool. Just from what I witnessed over the two days the place is ran by morons. If you do decide to go TAKE ID
1	All the five star reviews must be promotors - this place is HORRIBLE. First it takes forever to find. The staff is disconnected with the reservations and payment processes, that we spent over an hour for them to figure out our online reservation.When we finally got the manager Jason involved we were ready to leave. Jason was helpful in refunding our money but he didn't even try to convince us to stay (ie comp drinks or something). While we were walking out he then asked if he could buy us drinks.Sorry no.The pool is SMALL. smaller than a kiddie pool. The beds are small too. tots not worth it.
