4	Small casino, but for a great deal on lunch/dinner ask for the 4.95 steak dinner special... comes with soup or salad. Not bad for 5 bucks!Update: now the steak dinner comes with beer (or root beer) for $7 bucks!
5	This review is for the lounge and karaoke - and by God the money I forked out that night singing and getting drunk was the best $10 I've spent in a long time.  Yep folks.  Cheap drinks, karaoke, and a strange mix of humanity made for some excellent entertainment.  The people-watching in here is priceless.  Someone at the next table screamed "Git er done" at the stage, and it wasn't even a country song.We came here on a whim off a tip from the fabulous barfolk at the Wynn.  Definitely coming back.
5	One of my favorites, I love this place.  Been going here for years and when friends and family come to town we head to Ellis Island.   The steak special is fabulous for $4.95, I always order a salad with mine and I love the fact they add enough dressing to cover the whole salad.  I usually play the Keno machine and have won twice 8 out of 9 in the last few months.If you sign up for a players card, you get coupons in the mail every month for the meals 2 for 1, plus checks.  If your looking for a good price, down to earth fun this is the place to go.
5	Go there for the food its sooo good its not even funny, and the prices are even better, try the steak (aprox $4.99) of prime rib special (aprox $7.99) (they are not on the menu, so you have to ask for them), the draft beer there is really good too and its $1.50 per glass, so its a great deal, just dont try to walk from the strip because after a big meal I dont think its a good idea. Believe me, ive been to vegas like 10 times and not once have I missed dinner at Ellis (remember its open 24 hrs, and the specials are available also 24 hrs a day)
4	A beautiful, tender, plump, and juicy top sirloin, grilled (or warmed, if you're me) to your liking, served with garlic mashed potatoes (if you don't like gravy tell 'em so 'cuz they load it up here) and a veggie, all for $4.95? Yes, please.The mashed potatoes rock, but they generally serve this plate with those green beans you can tie in a knot and they don't break, but they have no problem giving you a substitute. I always opt for corn, because you can't really mess that up. But, the taters 'n veggies don't really matter here, people. It's the steak. It's a bargain deal, and it's actually quite good.They have a lot of other good stuff on the menu, too, like sammiches, chicken fried steak 'n eggs, a teriyaki grilled chicken breast, all reasonably priced. The service is, well, they take your order and bring you your food when it's ready. But that's just fine with me.And don't forget to order one of EI's beers from the center bar -- they're only a buck.The menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/EImenu.pdf
5	+1 for me about the great value of the food. Not only the value, but the food itself tastes great. The only place I really think about when people ask me what we should eat while out in Vegas. The only thing I really don't like is the small dining area which causes a long waiting time to be seated. This is one of those few places I would gladly wait for however.The casino itself is pretty drab and doesn't compare at all to anything on the strip, but that's not why I go there.
5	This is a review for the Ellis Island restaurant. 10oz steak, two eggs, potatoes and toast ALL for $3.50 !!  Best breakfast I have had in a long time. This is easily the best deal you can get anywhere on or off the strip. The gaming is pretty low priced too but, I came here strictly for the breakfast due to all the good reviews on Yelp. I will definitely be back here again on my next trip to Vegas.
4	This is a great place to get cheap drinks before a night at the club because it's also close to the strip.  Beers are only $1.50!  Shots aren't much more either.  The house brew tastes pretty good.  The casino, however, is really small.  That could be a good thing or not depending on if you like to gamble.  I hear the food in the cafe/karaoke area is really good for the price.  The pizza place they have isn't the greatest, but it's not bad if you feel like a quick eat.
5	$5 steak is really a $40 steak. stupid blackjack tables.
3	Holy Crap! $5 steak entrees and $1 microbrews are served up here year round!!!For that price in a town like Vegas, there is very little I can really complain about. The steak was decent (meaning I wasn't running to the bathroom soon after) and the beers are easy drinking. Here is where you'll bump into the locals and thrifty travelers. Upon entering, please don't mind the smoke and small-town atmosphere...it's all part of this place's charm.
4	When it comes to food, you can find it all in Vegas and for a super cheap price.  At Ellis Island, enter the casino and turn left and head straight for the tiny 20 person maximum occupancy restaurant where they serve BBQ ribs & chicken after 4PM.  It's good, it's plenty... and best of all, it's cheap!  There's often a wait of 45-60 minutes, but I believe the wait period is their way of getting you to gamble.  The beer isn't so bad too, for the price you pay!  Actually mine was free, since someone bought mine, but I think it was only $2 for a tall Hef.  I'm not a beer drinker, so I'll leave the opinion of the taste and quality to a person with more experience and knowledge of what a good beer should taste like... for someone who doesn't drink beer often, I finished mine and was totally satisfied.
4	$2 beers at the center bar. $1 craps and blackjack and super cheap food. The karaoke is a bit obnoxious but what can you expect from a locals dive casino. Service is a little slow but you can pass the time by watching the characters that frequent this dump.
5	Tried to get into the restaurant with the $5 steak twice, but there was a 45+ min wait each time. Instead, we settled for the BBQ restaurant, and we weren't disappointed. A ginormous plate of 1/2 rack of ribs, 1/2 chicken, coleslaw, beans, and toast cost only $10. It kept me full for the whole day, as I didn't have any other meal that day! I eat A LOT too. When we asked for the check, our server even hooked it up with the players club rate, so it was only $7! It could have easily cost $20 anywhere else. Best bargain in Vegas.
4	Its definitely a big old piece of crap looking place, full of smoke and stink... but the food is delicious, and amazingly cheap.. I cant see how they make any money off of this place.  My hubby got a salad, bread, steak and mashed potatoes for 5 bucks.   We expected the steak to be diner-quality .. It was actually pretty good!  The mashed potatoes were awesome too.  I decided to try something different, and got some pasta dish.  It was HUGE!!  way too big to finish.  We didn't wanna lug around leftovers, so we threw quite a bit out.  The service and the ambiance were terrible, but well worth it for the food and the price.  Don't skip over Ellis Island next time you go to Vegas!!
4	This place is the cheapest place ever! The steak special is only $5 and they hook it up! Be aware though, if you ask for medium rare, it is towards the rare side than the medium. The waiter was totally nice and gave us free salads. The root beer is really delicious and food was good. Less than $20 for two, I must say it was definitely a place to go to when you're poor! Way better than top of the world at stratosphere!
5	One thing I just have to note for people going there is that every other Monday after 9pm, the restaurant has a "limited menu" cuz they're cleaning up the kitchen or whatever.  Its a pretty limited menu consisting of $11 prime rib and $5 breakfast plates along with turkey and roast beef sandwiches.  No $5 special.  So call ahead if you're going on a Monday.Any other day is great though.  I usually like to play blackjack til I get $20 to pay for dinner and drinks for me and the wife!
5	Ellis Island... can I get a *woot*woot*!Another Vegas favorite.Karaoke 7 days a week.  The kind of karaoke that reminds you of that movie Salton Sea when Danny and Jimmy were in the dive bar and an old man in the in the wheelchair is singing 'Sweet Jane' and no one's paying him any attention.The drinks are dirt cheap.  Round of drinks for 6 people, $14.  Yes $14.  Microbrew beer (yum), $1.50.  Jack Daniels $2.50.  Are you kidding me?  No ma'am, I'm not.
3	Smokey room. Relatively dark casino. Old people. Haggard people and  few youngin's hangin' round.I had 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes and 2 pieces of toast for $3.99. Not only was it cheap but you get 4 pieces of big bacon!! Soooooo much of deal it's hard to imagine!If you're an outdoor lover... or if you're aching to see something besides the inside of a casino, don't come here.Otherwise, this is  great cheap breakfast that will fill you up and put you back to bed.
5	You know how the casinos all have their own hotels and themes or whatnot, well, Ellis Island has Motel 8. Their theme? "Run-down."NOW WHAT? They're keeping it R-E-A-L like J. Lo for reals. They're still they're still Ellis from the block.The $5 steak dinner is now $6.99 but comes with a free beer (or root beer - AMAZING). At night, you WILL have to wait 1-2 hours for a seat, but you can take a number and then do some gambling, or go in the bar and sing karaoke (at the #1 karaoke spot in Las Vegas??) and/or get your drank on.There's also the AMAZING barbecue ribs restaurant adjacent to the karaoke bar/regular restaurant, and for under $10, you can get a HUGE half-rack of the most tender, juicy, flavorful, smoky, wonderful, meat-filled heavenly blessed BBQ rib EVAR.It is worth walking the 2 loooong looooong looooooooong desolate and construction-esque Las Vegas blocks (equivalent to 3-5 regular city blocks) in stifling heat to go to this casino. It's like the poor forsaken old Downtown Las Vegas, but only 2 loooong looooong looooooooong blocks away from the shiny It-Child Las Vegas Strip.$1 single deck , $5 multiple deck black jack,  on the weekend daytimes (increases at around 4-5 pm) but WAY cheaper than the big ones on the Strip. They only have 2-3 blackjack tables though.$1 roulette in the evenings, etc. Only 1 roulette table though.More Useful Things:If you become a club member, make sure to ask them for a freebie! They have nice stuff - t-shirt, shot glasses, mugs, etc.Save your place mat from the restaurant - it'll give you an extra $5 down for 1 blackjack play! (But for some reason, EVERYONE who uses this always loses the particular round... Very peculiar indeed)If you sign up to sing for Karaoke, pass the time by playing some of the slot machines near the bar - or you might just miss your name being called!!!!!!5 stars for the Filipino dealer whose name tag says she's from "Mexico" because she taught me the ins and outs and crazy intricacies and complex algorithmic nuances of ... ~*~Blackjack~*~
1	We waited 1 hour to get seated and after we did the service was really bad, food was horrible! Not recommended at all!
5	I had to rewrite the review for this place after our last visit because a lot has changed. So we've been coming to Vegas a lot this year and basically, this is a place we return to time after time again. If you've lost all your money gambling, or have spent WAY too much eating on the strip, then this place will feed you for mere pennies.The $4.95 10oz sirloin steak dinner is not available any longer. That is such a bummer. In its place is the filet mignon dinner for $6.99 and comes with the same stuff as the sirloin dinner did: soup OR salad, a side of veggies and your choice of baked potato, fries or rice pilaf. It's still a fantastic deal, but I must say, I much prefer the sirloin over the mignon. Filet mignon is just not a cut I usually like because it lacks flavor IMO.For breakfast, you can get the steak and eggs special which is now still under 4 bucks and that piece of steak is a NY strip. This is a delicious alternative to the $6.99 steak dinner option if you like that cut of meat.Gone are also the buck 99 breakfast specials. I'm guessing that the cheapo meals they were dishing out were losing them money and now, they've had to raise their prices a few bucks in order for them to make a profit. However, the pancake breakfast special at $4.99 comes with 2 huge pancakes, 2 eggs and your choice of bacon or sausage (which used to be around a buck 99). A side of bacon or sausage is still $1.99 which is cheap compared to other places which charges about 4 bucks for the same thing.It's still one of the best bargains in Vegas. If you don't get a drink it will keep your costs way under for a meal which is going to not only be satisfying, but will make you wonder why in the hell they charge so much on the strip for the same stuff.These days when I go to Ellis Island for my steaks I bring my portable sea salt dispenser with me. They don't season their steaks and all they have is table salt or A1 steak sauce. These steaks are good enough to eat with just a sprinkle of salt, but don't ruin them with plain ole table salt!!! The meat here was far better in quality when served rare than the kobe beef tataki I had at Shibuya where I paid an arm and a leg for my meal. Go figure!!PS: Now that the mignon is a far thicker cut than the sirloin ever was, make sure you order it more well done than you like. My medium came out rare, but it's a hit and miss because the one I had yesterday was done just right (yes.... I went there 2 days in a row for the steak dinner).
5	This is a 5 star dive.  I would probably take away a star or two if I had to eat inside because of the smoke, but eating outside on the patio, heck yeah it gets 5 stars.  And they have both kinds of BBQ - ribs AND chicken.  A huge platter of both for $11.99!   Best deal in Vegas!AND!  If you get a players club it's even cheaper!  Plus?  The boys love it when you return to The Strip covered in BBQ sauce.Gotta go finish my leftovers....
3	This is a bit of a belated review - we dined at Ellis Island last month.The casino itself is kind of depressing.  It reminded me of a Lucky Lil's (a casino/convenience store chain) that you would find in rural Montana.  Or maybe a older, run down, tribal-owned casino somewhere in the Midwest.  I don't know - just depressing.The walk from Bally's was long and hellish (yes, I'm talking to you, mentally unstable guy talking loudly to yourself), but we thought we'd walk a bit to build up an appetite.We also saw some poor bastard drive his car over an abutment right in front of one of Las Vegas' finest.  He ripped up the undercarriage of his car AND got a Dewey.  Daily double!I was about ready to abort the visit when I smelled the ribs.  Oh.  My.  God.  Those ribs smelled awfully good.  Unfortunately it was too cold to dine outside, so we found a table inside (which was...depressing).The ribs were pretty much outstanding, the beer was cheap, and our party of two got out of there for $32 (includes $8 tip).   Cheap.  The ribs had a lot of sauce on them, much of which I was wearing for the rest of the evening.It's worth the trip if you like cheap and good food.  I don't mind lower end places ---  I usually stay on Fremont, for God's sake!  I just didn't care for the atmosphere here.  Just me, I guess.
2	DUMP!!!!I wanted to like this place. I really really really did. Given the rave reviews about this place, I was really excited to check it out, but I did keep my expectations realistic.This place was really close to our timeshare and it was a 5 minute walk (in the Vegas cold cold night to get there). I was excited to see the $6.99 steak special.Stepping in, this place had that dive seedy feel to it. Got our table at 4am and wanted to eat. So me and my 4 friends ordered (I got the steak special that was supposed to come with a beer), and it took 20 minutes for our salad and soup to get off. Seriously?? 20 minutes? How hard is it to ladle in some soup into a bowl, throw some salad onto a plate and bring it out? OK fine, so 20 minutes, we thought well hopefully our dinners will come out a little faster. Oh noooo, that was not the case. Another 30 minutes of staring down the waiter and asking him to follow up on our orders (and it wasn't even busy that night, he was waiting 4 tables) and the food finally arrived. We were famished so we all decided to dive into our food. Low and behold, the food was COLD!! Like cold cold! Rubber cold eggs. My medium steak was so overcooked, I thought I was chewing cardboard. We all had maybe 5 bites of our food and we just gave up. I really wanted to run into the kitchen to check on my suspicions of the chef being a one armed, drunk, retard.Worse thing (well personally). They charged me for my beer that was supposed to be included in the special. I mean, it was just $1.50, but if you advertise the free beer with the special, then you should honor it. I was too fed up to deal with this place to argue the case. In the end, I paid 10 bucks and I felt like if I would have flushed that 10 bucks down the toilet, it would have been more fulfilling. The bill came to be $35.60 bucks or so, and we left $36 and got the hell out. We weren't the only ones that were complaining that night. Some people were sat at a table and no waiter came by for 20 minutes. They just left. The guys next to us were bitching about the same things we were. Another table straight up skipped out after a waiting.So we weren't the ones frustrated with this place. That $6.99 thing must be the only thing they have to lure customers in, otherwise I don't know why anyone would ever come here, because I know I'm not coming back. Not even on a drunk hunger driving night in Vegas.1.5 stars, I'll give the .5 star to appease those who swear by this place.DUMP!!!!
4	according to the Las Vegas Review Journal, Ellis won the Best Steak 24/7 category...def a dive...just ate there this past weekend....and they had a steak breakfast special for $3.99!!!....absolutely spectacular!....the steak was delicious....not over-cooked...the eggs, potatoes, toast were basic...but def a strong supporting cast....I would have given them 5 stars but the place smells like your uncle's couch....the uncle who chain-smoked pall malls, 3 packs a day...and the clientele is more than a little suspect....we sat next to this lady who just grabbed our bottle of ketchup before askin'....CLASSY!!!....small price to pay for superb cheap cuisine...I'm comin' back to see whats up with the brewery....another category that they excel at....
5	BEST RIBS EVER!!!! its so cheap...like less than $15 for a whole rack with corn , cole slaw , toast and more!!! Everytime I got to vegas, I gotta hit that joint up at least once!!!
4	Ellis Island has been selected as "Best Slot Club," "Best Karoke," and "Best Microbrewery" by the Las Vegas Review-Journal for 2007. For 2008, I would like to nominate them for "Best Bang For Your Buck Restaurant." Does that category exist? No? Too bad, I'm making it happen.An Enterprise Rent-A-Car employee at the nearby Westin Casuarina Hotel suggested that we go to Ellis Island when we asked her for a place to eat. It was just half a block down. Upon entering, I was enveloped with cigarette smoke. I hate the smell of cigarettes and all of its carcinogenic qualities. That was a very bad first impression. However, that was the only bad impression that this place left on me.We went to their restaurant area and I almost couldn't believe my eyes when our waiter handed us the menus. Everything on the menu was incredibly cheap! I had never seen so many items on a menu that were below $10 before! But then my instincts kicked in and wondered if the price fit the quality of the food. "You get what you pay for" has always been my philosophy with anything you can buy. I was hoping they would give me the benefit of the doubt.It was mid-morning so I decided to order their Ellis Island Classic Omelet with ham. I got it with bacon and it also came with toast and potato...potato...errrr..."silver dollar potatoes." That's the best way I can describe them. What can I say...they shut me up. The breakfast was surprisingly tasty and fulfilling! The omelet wasn't overcooked and was filled with chopped ham. It was the best $5.99 I've spent, that's for sure! Oh, and how could I have almost forgotten about their orange juice."What? WTF is so awesome about orange juice?"Baby, this orange juice was the shiiiiiiiit!!! It's totally fresh squeezed, homey!! But if it wasn't really fresh squeezed, I'd like to thank Tropicana for making some damn good OJ!! Get the large OJ, you won't regret it.Come here if you're on a budget and want good food. The next time I'm in Vegas, I gotta come here again and try out their steak and eggs that almost every Yelper has praised here.
4	If you're looking for a great blue collar brew pub that's cheap and right off the strip, then you'll want to go here!  Don't expect too much, and you'll be very happy!  Ellis Island is a throwback to old Vegas when food, gambling, and beer was cheap!!(both in price and a little in quality) If you take the monorail over to Bally's it's just a short walk down Flamingo and you'll see it right there.  (Note:  Even though there was quite a bit of traffic to and from Bally's, the area of town is a little sketchy, so I wouldn't recommend walking by yourself.  Stick to a group)  The place was very busy with tourists and locals alike.  Definitely a great hole in the wall place.  We had to wait about 45 minutes to get a table, but if you bring some bucks, its a good excuse to gamble and get free micro-brews (don't forget to tip your waitresses!).  The food was pretty decent and the price was unbeatable!  If you're looking to get away from the strip environment of paying $15 for a hamburger or $25 for an "Apple-tini", while surrounded by stupid-ass drunk Paris Hilton wannabees from So-Cal...then check out the "other side" of Vegas at Ellis Island.
2	I ordered a sandwich here and it wasn't very good. They also didn't have honey mustard which is just an outrage.
4	they have a great $6.99 filet mignon dinner including soup or salad AND a root beerthe root beer is really good herethe salad was fairly large and even had a couple cherry tomatoes and a couple strips of carrotthey also have awesome steak friesmy filet was overcooked even though i asked for medium, but it was still ok.. they should serve it with steak sauce though.. it could've used some. you really get a lot for your money here, i saw full breakfast meals starting at only $2.99 + good food at great prices- uncomfortable dining chairs
5	This place is my favorite dive in Las Vegas and this is where you will find the best $6.99 steak dinner on the planet. It is not on the menu so you have to ask for it. Here is what you will get:10 oz. filet cut steak (not a filet mignon, but decent quality and always perfectly cooked.)Baked Potato with butter and sour cream (always perfect and creamy)Green beans (fresh, not from a can, and cooked perfectly)Bowl of dressing with a dinner salad somewhere underneath  (standard coffee shop dinner salad with one cherry tomato and one carrot stick...ask for dressing on the side unless you really like dressing)One glass of their microbrew beer (or you can have a soft drink, but this is Vegas after all.)This deal used to be $4.99 without a beverage. They raised the price and added the beer. It still is the my favorite steak dinner deal in Vegas. The place looks kind of sketchy but it is a clean, locals kind of place.If you go after 9:00 pm you can hear the karaoke from the cocktail lounge which is right next to the coffee shop. Suddenly it is $6.99 for dinner and a show...cha ching! Expect a wait no matter what time you show up.
5	This place is a hidden treasure in LV.  Not one of the corporate, charge you up the ass for a bottle of beer places that seem to dominate the strip.  First, this is a little microbrewery, and the bar sells pints for $1.  If that isn't enough reason to trek there...well, you're probably reading the wrong review.Second, they have single deck blackjack.  As an old school gambler/money loser, I truly admire this.  I think I won about $20 on a $1 bet before I went back to my girlfriend at the bar.I've not eaten the food here, but based on the other reviews, I totally intend to next time we're here.
4	My husband and I love this place.  $1 beer....and it's good too!  This place is a total dive, but it a great dive.  The food is good....traditional american food.  We also made some money playing the Twighlight Zone slots.  Next time we head to Vegas we will come back and try the pizza and barbecue.
4	Interesting place, that Ellis Island.  I've lived here three years and finally went to the Ellis Island tonight... it's apparently a locals place, so I don't know how I've lived here that long and haven't been here.  Beers were $1 at the bar which rules, and they had some sort of Hefeweizen that tasted good to me.  Then we ate some food, and my meal was $3.99 for a decent steak, eggs, potatoes, and toast.  Not bad.  They had karaoke going, but the place was packed and there was nowhere to sit, so we passed.  Definitely good deals at this place, and a lot of people, but the staff left something to be desired.  Just not the friendliest bunch, ya know?  I won't be rushing back to Ellis Island, but I definitely won't be so weary of it the next time I get an invite.
4	For your consideration: My Ellis Island ReviewThere's so many things I could say about this place, some good, some bad...but the one thing that stands out the most was of course...THE PRICE!  When I told my tired, hungry, and semi-broke friends about the cheap 6.99 off-the-menu steak, they jumped at the chance to check it out.  Of course, with our luck, we had to walk in the rain from the Venetian and jump over puddles of  gunk before we reached our destination.  But nothing was going to stop my friends from their meat, no siree!  At first my buddies appeared to be a bit skeptical of the place because it was dark and dingy and everyone who worked there look about ready to retire.  But that was besides the point!  We were there to be fed and my goodness, we were stuffed after our godly meal.  For about $9 a person, we got a 10 oz. steak, two sides, a beer (I opt for the root beer *tee hee*), and either soup or salad.  Their cream of broccoli soup is the best I've ever, ever had...mmm mmm mmm!  Downside, we had to wait about an hour before we were seated (we were told it was going to take 40 minutes *grrr*) and even after we were, the waiter took his sweet time before he came to our table.  At some point, I waved at him to get his attention and to my surprise he just simply waved back at me and went to another table. O_O  Oh well, all was forgiven after he brought me my soup.  All in all, I highly recommend this place because their food was delicious and cheap.  The only reason for the -1 star was because we had to wait longer than expected to be seated and service was on the slow side.  Nonetheless, everyone who worked there was really nice and I'd totally go back there.  Their price may be dirt cheap, but their food was better than some 4 star restaurants I've been to...no joke.  Yay for Ellis Island!!!
5	This place is bomb!The amount of food you get and for the price is outstanding. The food even tastes good. I must admit though, when we were first walked in I was extremely skeptical because it looked more like shady Vegas than on the strip Vegas.I've been there four times and each time I go, I always get the prime rib dinner. You can't go wrong with it and the cooks are fairly good about meat temps there. I'd definitely say get the soup b/c the salads are whatevers.
1	Having enjoyed many of LV's entertainment options in all the usual touristy areas, I grew curious about some of the off-the-beaten-path gems that I might be missing. The "Best of" polls in the local newspaper mentioned Ellis Island several times, so I figured I had better check it out. Walking in, I could tell immediately that this was not the sanitized-for-tourists Las Vegas I was already acquainted with. Ellis Island was old and smoky as all hell. I stepped up to the bar to order a beer, where a lone bartender appeared to be serving everyone in the entire casino at his own leisurely pace. I waited for several long minutes before being acknowledged by the bartender, who told me that walk-up service was on the other side of the bar. The allure wore off quickly, as after swinging around, I waited for literally another ten minutes before placing my order. The only beers on tap were the ones brewed in house, and I ended up with an Ellis Island "Dark" and an "Amber," both of which were good buys for a dollar but otherwise unexceptional. Drinks in hand, I looked for a table at which to gamble, but there was no craps at the time and the only active blackjack table was full. I gave up. In its defense, locals probably don't want to deal with the hassle and expense of the Strip. Ellis Island is accessible, and though I didn't eat here, the prices did look pretty great. However, the service was abysmal.  As a fan of good beer, I would have liked to sample the other brews to find a stand-out, but it would have taken far too long. Oh well.
4	Dear Hubby and I really like this inconspicuous little place for its steak dinner special.  It comes w/ a 10 oz sirlion, cut like a filet, green beans and choice of potatoes.  It used to be $4.95 for the dinner, but recently it has been $6.95 w/ choice of their microbrewery beer or root beer.  Still a great deal for a nice steak.It doesn't hurt that the slot playing while we're waiting for a table is more than fair and I usually come out ahead.On our most recent visit, we found out about their breakfast special from 11 PM to 11 AM.  Steak and eggs for $3.99 which can't be beat.
5	Dude... don't come here for the ambiance. It's a piece of sh** restaurant if you ask me. Come for the cheap dinner prices. It's not really for the tourists, but more for the locals. We stumbled upon this place somehow, and became part of the "in the know" crowd.The STEAK dinner. I haven't been here for a couple years, but when we were here the sirloin steak meal was like $5, but don't be a cheapskate, and splurge the extra couple bucks to get the prime rib steak meal, okay? It's about $7or $8 big ones, hot shot. I think it even comes with a free root beer. Five stars for offering such affordable eats in an overpriced city such as Vegas.
4	Dive...deeper...deeper...deeper.There ya are and if you can appreciate a decent, cheap meal, you have found your Vegas destination. Yes, the tiny casino with low ceilings has a "smoking problem". It is the reason I give my fave dive only 4 stars. I'm just sensitive to cigarette smoke.Do I still go almost every single time I'm there? Heck yes! Like all of the positive reviewers state, go early or late, but if you go on a Friday or Saturday night at dinner time, plan to wait...a long while!I think the only other place that I've been to in Vegas with this sort of good & cheap kibble would be Arizona Charlies.I have ordered the steak and eggs from both establishments and enjoyed both places so much, that I've been known to return the next day for the same.
4	Go, just go.  Go when you arrive (before you check into your hotel) and when you're in the middle of the trip (when you're drunk and broke) and at the end of the trip (when you're sober and still broke).  The steak special is NOT on the menu but it rocks!  I LOVE GREEN BEANS!  I also love the fact that I was there one night and chowing down on a huge chunk of beef and some old man and his wife come up to my table and say "we own a cattle ranch and we'd just like to thank you beautiful young ladies for eating beef and supporting us."  Then they bought our dinner for us and a round of drinks.  It rocked!  But yah, the special.  Steak.  Green Beans.  Salad.  Rolls.  Baked Potato or Steak Fries.  BEER!  Jeez.  I could move to Vegas for this place.
3	My cousin and I came here for breakfast after a night of gambling and clubbing, needless to say the wallets were hurting so the price was just right. We each had corned beef and eggs for breakfast, fresh orange juice and desert for $20 between the both of us. You can't beat that. The food isn't gourmet, but does it matter what the food tastes like when you're hung over (I wasn't and it tasted alright)?
4	Never really had much time for gambling, but luckily the Ellis Island has one of the pubbiest bars in Vegas, along with a selection of their own brews. The food is basic but cheap and plentiful, and while the beer isn't always absolutely top-notch, at $1 a glass it's very hard to argue against it!
5	OMG I already reviewed this place, but I have to tell rib lovers to try this place if you already have not tried it. It is the best value and quality rib meal ever!! The wait is really long, but it was well worth it!
5	This last time I went to Vegas it was a budget trip (I was going to visit my brother and not spend my savings) and Ellis Island fit the bill perfectly.The place is a dive, it's on the outskirts of the strip, it's old with low ceilings and the casino smells smokier than most. My first reaction upon my arrival was "uhhhh" with some mild hesitance.  It's definitely a locals hangout and everyone seems to be over the age of 50. Save that, this place is great.$1 house beers, ambers, lagers, hefweizen and rootbeer. The root beer is amazing. Not too sweet, just enough carbonation and smooth. I know who knew rootbeer could be so good? The beers are also more than decent and blow PBR away and the best part is that they're a $1 and they're draft. I'm in love with the root beer so I tend to get that.I had a prime rib dinner and the chicken fried steak. Both were excellent for the price. $11.99 for the prime rib dinner which came with a salad and sides. Okay it's not the BEST prime rib you'll ever have, but for $12, it blows all the other budget steak dinners on the strip away, it also comes with a free beer! $7.99 for the chicken fried steak was yummy, gravy was spot on and the meat was well seasoned and soooo tender. I would have eaten their BBQ but the line was too long. even though I hear good things. If you sign up for the Player's Club you get $3-4 off on the BBQ. Best part is that the place is open 24/7 sans BBQ.
2	Yet another one I wanted to try from reading a Vegas forum about the steak special. My brother and sister came here and the wait was long. I swear I saw plenty empty tables, but yet had people waiting for tables. We had wings for appetizers - Ok, nothing to rave about.I did order the steak special - Nothing special.My brother got some chicken parmasen with pasta.My sister - Shoot I forgot what she got. I think the beers were cheap though. So, can't be mad at that!Anyways, we all were not impressed and I got dogged on for the rest of the trip and back for choosing this place and Peppermill. So much for trying out new places.We wanted the ribs, but we didn't know you can only get it at the bar area. We were all like damn, we should've gotten that and the wait probably wouldn't have been that long.I want cheap eats, but I guess I still have a palate for taste! What to do!
5	Ellis Island is AMAZING!  If you are in Las Vegas, you have to come here for the Steak special and the cheap beer.  Seriously, don't waste your money at the expensive places in town because you're scared to try this cheap special!  The meal comes with an awesome, fresh and crisp salad.  Get the ranch dressing - it's homemade and oh so good.  The sides for the steak are garlic green beans which are amazingly tender and fresh.  And you can choose from a baked potato or mashed potatoes with gravy.  Get the mashed potatoes.  They are so good.  And the special comes with a free beer (heffeweisen).  How can you go wrong?  It's $6.99 for all that food and it's seriously 5 star meal quality food.  Granted, the atmosphere is more like 2 stars, but who cares when the food is so good and cheap?!?
4	Best value in Vegas! I heard about this place through Chowhound and I'm SO glad we took the chance to drive out of the way to try this place out. I was really really anxious walking into this out-of-the-way lackluster looking place, wondering if I screwed up and brought my group to a dive for a horrible meal. But they were kind and patient as they accommodated our 20 person group and every single one of us ordered the sirloin special. Our fears were gone once the food arrived. Salad/Soup, steak, potatoes, and green beans. For $5! God damn, that's a good deal. Was the food exceptional? No, but the steak was moist, the potatoes soft, and the green beans were flavorful and like I said, such a good deal that the food just tastes better knowing how much money you saved. I'd definitely recommend anyone who wants a good meal for a ridiculously good price, to try this place out.
4	Two words, dive casino.  Two other better words, $1.50 pints.  They served the best stout beer I've ever tasted, and I am a fan of dark beer.  If you are a fan of drinking good beer at a cheap price then you should check out Ellis Island, heck you may just gain your citizenship whilst you drink ;).
5	The only thing this place is good for is the 24 hour steak special at their restaurant for $6.99. It includes a sirloin steak cut like a filet with fresh garlic sauteed green beans choice potato, salad and a choice of a microbrew or fresh made rootbeer.I really believe its one of the only bargains near the strip and the steak is really good. thats the only reason i gave it 5 stars for the steak only nothing else. the gambling there sucks. dont get lured by the low minimum tables.
3	This is probably the best place to pre drink before going to clubs out on the Strip.  It's not even really off the strip, just one turn and walking distance to the Strip.My friend's friend brought us there because her opinion as a local, she thought that was the best place to pre drink if we don't have any alcohol in our hotel rooms.  The beer is cheap, shots are cheep, but there are definitly some creepy people.
4	What a surprise!Theresa B. took me and my friend here to try their cheap bbq. It definitely did not disappoint! The servings were huge! The first time we ever came here (which was sometime last year), we were so hungry that we couldn't wait 1 1/2 hours to eat their bbq, so we ate their steak special at their other restaurant. It was alright for the price (I think it was something like $7)But..if you really have to come here...you have to eat their bbq! Expect long waits though (at least an hr to eat here). The best time to come is right when it's open at 4pm. They have four different items on their menu:Full rack of ribs ($12), 1/2 rack of ribs ($9), 1/2 chicken ($8), and 1/2 chicken & half a rack of ribs ($9) ---These prices are only if you have the Ellis Island Players Card. Don't forget to join, as members will save $3 per item!WARNING: HUGE SERVINGS! I had to share my 1/2 rack or ribs & 1/2 chicken with a friend!Each of the plates also comes with several sides: 2 corn cobs, coleslaw, baked beans, and 2 pieces of garlic bread! SO MUCH FOOD!You cannot get a better bbq deal than this anywhere!Btw, they also brew their own beer and root beer. The rootbeer isn't that bad either, and costs $1. Their beer is $2.50. They brew hef, red, dark, etc. Hours for this bbq place is 4pm to 10pm.Remember to bring your appetite! Be careful of weird people here...
5	I'm not giving Ellis Island Casino five stars for its luster and chic atmosphere. I give it five stars for its "dive" and dingy appeal, unpretentiousness, great beer, even greater root beer, and reasonably priced comfort food. I'm a casino employee (not at E.I.) and embrace the kindheartedness of E.I.'s daily graveyard special...casino employees drink FREE from 3am-8am!!!! As if the prices of their cocktails, homemade beers, domestic/import beers weren't cheap enough (and they are)...they go ahead and give a hand out to the honest casino employees. Drinks are good here with an emphasis on their homemade beers. If you prefer a non-alcoholic beverage, I can reassure you many Yelpers and I will attest to their homemade root beer. It has a very nice smooth carbonation to it, with a slightly sweet and bitter taste, and classic root beer scent. Food at E.I.... Upon sitting down, you will be served one dinner roll per person. However, beware of ordering too much! The appetizers, salads, and entrees are huge! We ordered: 1) Two E.I. root beers 2) Buffalo chicken wings w/mild sauce on the side (the sauce was so tasty but the wings were a bit on the small side) 3) Chicken Parmesan sandwich -- BF ordered this 4) Chef salad -- me My salad was huge, like Cheesecake Factory salad-huge. All of the ingredients were fresh and, unlike most restaurants, they do not skimp on the julienne cuts of deli meats and cheeses. I got the 1000 Island dressing which was totally delicious. I guess it's because they make all of their dressings from scratch there. My BF's meal came with a small (normal sized) dinner salad w/a delicious French dressing. He commented that his sandwich wasn't great nor bad....just ehh. It looked like it was nestled on a ciabatta roll with a nice portion of chicken, cheese, and sauce. An older gentleman sitting near us ordered the special that night, roast pork dinner for $6.99. Oh my god, I don't think three people could've finished that plate. The food was literally piled 4-5" high! If he had a small child behind that plate, I wouldn't have known it from my point-of-view. Our first dining experience at E.I. was very cool and laid back. The service was good and friendly. Luckily, we arrived at about 4pm, so we were seated with no wait. As we progressed through our meal, a small crowd of people began to form. As I saw it, their staff accommodated and sat each group quite quickly. Their restaurant system seems to be a well oiled machine. I hesitate to recommend EVERYONE to dine here because the atmosphere is not for everyone. Because of the portions of good food, cheap drinks, and gambling the tiny casino/restaurants (yes there are two "sit down" restaurants here) tend to attract some less desirable folk. The decor of the establishment reminds one of the 70s and the air does contain smoke. You will hear hoots and hollars, slot machine rings, and depending on the time of day you may visit, karaoke. So remember these factors before you decide to dine here. This is NOT an establishment that is trying to lure you in for its luxuriousness, theme, or glamour. It's a great and reasonably priced place to get away from all of those above!
5	It is a hole in the wall kind of spot, but if you can deal with that you are definitely in for a deal ... their $6.99 steak special is definitely worth it - soup or salad, 10 oz. sirloin, side of green beans, mashed/baked potato or rice pilaf and a tall glass of their home brewed beer .... you can't beat that ... plus all the other things on their menu are all VERY reasonable priced ..I have yet to try their BBQ there but I hear it's some of the best great place to eat ... bad place to find a date
5	Cheapo Vegas.  Google that, and you'll find that this place is one of the highest acclaimed nearby restaurant/hotels to the strip.  People may wonder why, but it's got to be the distance and the amazingly cheap prices for food and alcohol compared to the strip.The first time I came here was with some buddies in search of what sounded like a holy steak meal that was like a secret password door knock which only the locals knew about.  And right when you pass by Bill's $14.99 prime rib meal dinner and you think to yourself, how can $7.99 be a good dinner.....believe me..its realYou get steak, greens, a beer for $1 upgrade, potato, what else can you ask for.  However, in my last trip, I couldn't make it out here for the steak dinner.  Instead I came for breakfast after a drunken night at Pure.  I had the $5.99 Ellis Island Omelette with sausages, mushroom, and 2 cheeses.  It also had fried potato slices (not chips) which were a nice addiiton.  The omelette was good and with the low low price, I was very satisfied with my late night snack.
5	What is a trip to Vegas without paying a visit to Ellis Island? We were kinda late arriving this time around -- not breakfast time and not quite lunch time. It was kinda after lunch, but that didn't stop me from getting what I wanted. The only problem is that during the mornings they have breakfast specials and lunch time they have lunch specials -- but I wanted my usual steak and eggs and usually, they do a special for breakfast. After breakfast it's still on the menu but it's $9.99 -- still a bargain in my book.If you just want a steak without the eggs, go for the $6.99 steak special. It's not on the menu so just ask for it. This is the best deal around as it comes with your choice of soup or salad and on the day of our visit, they had split pea and ham soup. It was so yummy the young man did not want to share it with us, so we ordered another cup to share between hubby and I.As always the food was excellent and it won't break the bank. I did notice that the prices have gone up slightly but c'mon, there is such a thing as inflation even during times of recession, but this is THE place to go for a tasty deal.I don't like their table salt so I always have my sea salt grinder with me. A sprinkle of sea salt onto these steaks and they're just as good as those from a steak house -- just not with the price tag and without the snootiness.
5	Arrgh, I made the newbie mistake of looking at the menu and seeing only the 8-oz. NY strip steak , ordered that.  It was really pitiful...they give you two peach halves, way too much cottage cheese, and the thin pathetic steak.Found out later that what I really wanted was the unlisted "steak special."  Well, went back another day and it...was....heavenly. And cheaper than the other lame NY strip steak on their menu.Way to go! I would come back for this another night if my girl didn't want something else besides steak!
4	We were in Vegas for a week the last week of Nov. 08.  I think it's been said many times in the reviews that this place is a dive.  If you can get past that, the food is really good and cheap.  We ate many breakfasts here and one dinner plus one BBQ in the front restaurant..  Breakfasts are the best.  Dinners are good too but as the day wears on, the patrons get more and more "interesting".  We were a little worried about our car in the parking lot.  We were approached by pan handlers on two different evenings.  I love Country Ham. And the ham was so huge that it covered the entire plate of eggs, hashbrowns and toast.  I made two ham sandwiches with the toast (for later)and still had tons of ham to eat with the eggs.  My husband had the steak & eggs and raved about them every morning.      I want to say something about the BBQ up front.  The reason the wait is so long is because it depends on who you are.  We sat at the bar and waited for our number to be called while we watched locals come in and get seated right away.  I guess I do understand this (in a way, because they are loyal) but it doesn't seem quite fair.  My husband complained about it after waiting 1 1/2 hrs and they seated us immediately.  We weren't really impressed with the BBQ.  Maybe we were just irritated and nothing would have pleased.  We didn't go back and probably won't next trip.  BUT we will go back to the breakfast at the regular restaurant.
4	Starchy food central over here!Walking distance from Bally's, about a block away, but kind of a brutal walk when you go to Vegas in the middle of the summer and it's like 110 degrees outside.  You can get a pretty bomb and fulfilling meal over here for no more than $10-$15 including tip.  This place reminds me a lot of Black Bear Diner in Gilroy with their generous proportions that help contribute to America's gluttony.  -  Great alternative from paying $30-$40 for a buffet or just picking up some fast food on the strip.  They serve toast with butter or jelly with most meals here.  And mostly everything is or at least looks good over here.  Pretty bomb place to get your grub on for breakfast or lunch I'd say.There's usually not much of a wait over here, but you can always test your luck at some slots, craps, or black jack located right next to this diner.  The casino is pretty small, but I think they had low $5 or $10 minimum tables over here.  There's a 7 Eleven right next door too I think if my memory is that good.
5	I just want to confirm all the other reviews about the bbq ribs :)this place is awesome and we always try to drop by every time we're in Vegas for the rack of ribs ( yea it's way too big for me to finish but i still like to order it HAHAH)  remember to get the player's card to get the discount.  always come ~20 minutes before 4 if you want to beat the line, there's ALWAYS a line... the seating area is small and people like to take their time with the ribs so come early, play the cheap games and be the first group to be seated ...have a great early dinner, you won't be disappointed :)Warning there is A LOT of food on the plate!! a full rack of ribs has two pieces of corn, two pieces of toast, a bowl of beans, and coleslaw.  -could feed 1 hungry man or two gals :)   oh yeah the chicken is really good too but I really like the ribs.ps. don't order the lemonade, tasted like lemon water :P
4	Was hungry while in vegas and came here after reading the reviews on yelp.  The 6.99 steak special was pretty filling, i wouldn't say the great was too amazing though.  Good for the price, and pretty filling.  The best part about the meal was the drink -- you have a choice of either a beer or rootbeer.  As good as beer is/can be, rootbeer is where its at.  Wow, that stuff is fresh... the rootbeer is very unique and is probably the best i ever had.  One couple thought it was so good they asked for a styrofoam cup and took some as leftovers. yum!
4	Not sure if the sign is still outside advertising $1 BJ, but I came for the steak special.None of the previous reviewers are fibbing.. This place is a dive with reasonable food at GREAT prices.I've tried it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The steak, the prime rib, the breakfast platter.. All good choices served beside a buck a beer or root beer.Ellis Island has become a staple food source for me in the wee hours of the morning and/or upon my arrival to Sin City. It should be for you as well.
4	Once again, Ellis Island did not disappoint!  I introduced yet another friend to the lovely restaurant inside the casino and he really enjoyed his meal!  We went on a Sunday night so we only had to wait about 15 minutes before our party of 3 was served.  The waiter came to take our order quickly, unlike my last visit where the waiter took his sweet time.  About 90% of the folks eating at Ellis Island that night ordered the $6.99 steak special.  I ordered the root beer again this time and really, really enjoyed it.  Even though I was too full from the steak to finish my drink, I still managed to down most of it.
5	This is truly a little piece of heaven on earth. I mean 6 freakin 99 for a huge steak meal!! After filling myself up to the point of no return.. I kept going back to eat the gravy.. Ohh the gravy.. *sigh* How I miss you so! If you're in Vegas and want something that will not burn a hole in your pocket and actually tastes great.. this is the place! P.S. The root beer was FANTABULOUS also!
5	Cheap Beers+ Cheap BBQ=Fun times! Looking and feeling like a total dive! This is a fun place to chill and enjoy a good cheap brew while waiting to eat some serious cheap BBQ! For what you pay for...$8.99, the food is great! I ordered the combo plate! Now, let me say this...you have to go in there hungry; 1/2 chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, 2 corn on the cobb, beans, slaw, and 2 slices of bread! Like any good BBQ joint, don't end up wearing the sauce! Bon Appetite!
4	By now you probably know what you're getting. You're getting a pretty damn good steak dinner for just 7 bucks plus an awesome mug of root beer. How could you beat that? It's not like the meal was bad or anything, if anything, I was definitely surprised by how great it tasted! There's probably a certain expectation you have when you come to Vegas, flashy lights, great food, and everything being expensive. But if you're willing to venture just a block from the strip, you'll find this little place, with it's pretty low key casino and restaurant. I didn't indulge in the bbq part of the place, but I've heard good things about that too.There was honestly a 40 minute wait just for a table of one! Of one! That's how popular this place is. Not really a hidden gem anymore, it still maintains the low key feel that you'll sorely be wanting after losing all your money in the flashier part of Vegas. Don't expect high class dining, just expect good food at awesome prices. And if you win some money at the casino too? All the better.
5	I only go here for one reason and one reason only, their $6.99 steak special. It honestly doesn't get any better than this for $6.99. I refuse to pay $12-$20 for a steak dinner at places like TGIF and Chili's now, knowing that I can go to Ellis and have BETTER quality for a lower price. Don't get me wrong, i'd still pay for a steak at Ruth's Cris and higher end establishments, but for the lower-midrange establishments you won't find a better steak deal. You get sourdough rolls to start, then your choice of soup or salad, and then the entree. A Nice steak cooked to order with garlic sauteed green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes& gravy or baked potato. I'll have to try the BBQ there since everyone says its good. I'll update when I do.
4	So we stopped here not for the food, but the bar....we came by during a night of excellent adventures and I have to say I was quite amused by the patrons here.  Everybody from hip hop grammas to punk haired karaoke singers were present.  People seemed friendly but weird at the same time.I only heard about the food after visiting there, so I will post again after I sample the BBQ and the $6.99 steak special and the root beer.....and the...
5	Hi.  Please enjoy this well prepared food and drink at a very reasonable price. Hi.  Please enjoy this comfortable three dollar gambling experience. Hi. Please enjoy this generously efficient cocktail during your comfortable three dollar gambling experience. Hi. Please equally enjoy this generously efficient cocktail as you wait to sing karaoke songs after your comfortable three dollar gambling experience.Thanks. Feel free to join us again repeatedly as you continue to comprehend our awesomeness more and more after each three day getaway to Las Vegas.
5	I am a complete sucker for karaoke.  No matter if I am tired.  No matter if I am sick.  If you invite me out to karaoke, I will go.  And I will have put my first song in before we get our first drinks.When I moved to Las Vegas in 2007, I did really know anyone, I was living with a friend of my dad's and his young daughters far out in North Las Vegas, and wondering if moving for a new job on a literally one week's notice had been a good idea.  My first weekend there, on Sunday, I decided to go do karaoke by myself, and ended up at Ellis Island.It was amazing.  A true mix of tourists and locals (which isn't too common one block from the strip), ranging wildly in age, race, class, and singing ability.  Giving the karaoke everything they got.  And getting up and dancing when strangers sang songs they loved.  Drinking $1 "microbrews", and $3 wells.  Sitting in leather booths.  The k-jay breaking out his saxophone for solos.  So.  Freaking.  Awesome.So I decided then (it didn't turn out to be necessary), that if I never made any friends in Las Vegas and my job turned out to suck, I would just go to Ellis Island all the time, and probably everything would be alright.
4	Karaoke from 9pm-3am? Yes please. $2 beers? Um, yes please, may I have another?Only $14 for 5 people's drinks? In Vegas? No Effing Way.The above exclamations are just some of the things you might say in your first 10 minutes at the Ellis Island Casino. After spending some time at the Mirage at Beatles Revolution Bar - we decided to slum it a bit so that Russ could sing Karaoke for my family. We were not disappointed. We hoped in a cab and were there really quickly. It's only a little off the strip, but there isn't as much foot traffic, so if you don't mind, just pay the cab fare.When we got there at around 11pm - Karaoke was in full blown progress. There was a huge group already there singing and drunkenly dancing. They must be local because they seemed to know the Karaoke DJ pretty well. One of the girls even dedicated a song to "All of our Men in Jail right now" My sister and I were very overdressed in our cocktail dresses from the evening, but we didn't care, the drinks were cheap, you can order pizza in the bar from an outside bar/pizza place and the crowd was rowdy and having a great time. We got hammered for less that $10 bucks a piece and I managed to waltz my drunken sister out the door and into a cab which we picked up after about a 3 minute wait.
4	This place is old school.....and I like it.  I was staying on the strip and dropped in for supper at their BBQ restaurant.   This was one of the best deals I had in Vegas.   I had a 2 for 1 coupon for the BBQ.  The requirement to use the coupon was to join their players club (which I did) and they gave me a food credit of $5.Placed two orders for the 1/2 chicken and 1/2 rack of ribs combo ($8.99).   Their 1/2 rack is a full rack back home.  The serving was huge and I must admit that the food was very good.  Quality was surprising very decent.  After using the coupon and applying my food credit, I ended up paying around 6 bucks for two meals....what a deal.Of course, I proceeded to lose $100 at their blackjack table after this hearty meal....Damn you, Vegas!!!!The dealers were very friendly and it felt like I was in Old Vegas.  I love it when I can have a conversation with the dealers while we play (I'd ask stupid questions like what is the biggest loser/winner you dealt with, weird situations while working, etc.).   It was very slow the Monday night I was there (so no karaoke was happening).   I hope this place makes it through this tough time.  The casino is small (compared to the mega casinos located nearby) but I would definitely return.  I need to try their un-advertised $6.99 steak special next time.  Ellis Island Rules.
4	Just walk on the backside of Bally's down the road to Ellis Island.  Thanks to all the Yelpers for mentioning the $6.99 deal.  Not bad... for that price, a soup/salad plus steak plus side and veggies and a beer...I'd almost eat meat for that.  But alas.. All the boys in our party heartily enjoyed this deal (what a steal) and I enjoyed some salad and "spicy" chicken fingers.  Whatever, it still tasted good, even though it wasn't as good of a deal.  For Valentines day dinner, the restaurant offered an appetizer, soup or salad, lobster primavera, dessert and a glass of champagne.  Some of the ladies enjoyed this meal and were fairly pleased as well.The worst part of this janky casino and brewery: the wait when we arrived was 1.5-2 hours.  The tables were not all full.  There weren't many people waiting in line.  Everyone gambling away their money?  We walked away for a bit, came back after some time (it's not that big in here folks) and luckily managed to get in without having to wait that long!  Score.  Guess they knew we did our due diligence of wasting money in the casino already.  Woot!
4	A friend recommended this place to me, though he was recommending the steak (which I don't eat).  I went anyway cause I needed a break from the high-prices and low-value of the strip.  Tuesday was italian night, so I got an appetizer, salad, chicken/pasta and a cannoli plus a glass of house wine -- all for $10.99.  Everything was tasty.  The waitress was nice; the fellow patrons were an eclectic group.  The beer was really good.  I would definitely go back.  We paid less here for dinner than we've paid for any other meal since we arrived.
5	WHAT?  11 bucks for a bbq half chicken and half rack of ribs, plus corn, bread, cole slaw, and bbq baked beans??  The last time I saw prices like this in Vegas was in 1992 when I was 8.  Is this 1992?  No it's ELLIS ISLAND.  I must say though, that price is only for the playa's club members but the girls at my table were able to work their charm with the waiter and get us the discount anyway.  I'm sorry to say that the charm thing didn't work the next day when I came back with a group of 8 dudes, but the full price is just a couple bucks more and it's TOTALLY worth it.  Those ribs are some of the best I've ever had and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  They keep the ribs in this smoker all day and then just grill em up right when you order them.  They're delicious and just fall off the bone.  The chicken is cooked perfectly too, although the white meat can get a little dry if you don't eat it right away.  Over the course of the two meals I had here I ate 1.5 chickens and a full rack of ribs, plus 2 containers of bbq sauce.  It's a shame I wasn't there for valentine's day.  They had a $14.99 dinner special that I'm sure Grace would have loved.  Oh yeah and they have $3 blackjack here.  and $1.50 beers.
4	OK, so here's the dealio....On busy nights, be ready for 1 hour wait.  Only about 10 tables inside, some outside seating.  Order the combo and expect a HUGE platter o foooood, 1/2 a chicken? Yikes! Half slab o ribs (5 pieces) 2 corncobs, bbq beans, coleslaw, and bread.  The Cali Report:RIBS:  good bbq sauce, tender, although possibly boiled then baked?  The meat was whitish under the sauce.  Not much crust on the surface, which leads me to believe it's baked not bbq'd.  Not much smokiness, but overall a decent rib.  Chicken:  Roasted / baked on one side, only... good texture (crispy skin) and tender....it's chickenBeans:  BBQ beansColeslaw:  not badd, it had diced green peppers?  Never had it like that before.....Bread: cold n chewyCorn on the cob: a bit on the soggy sideI really wanted to love this place, it's still a great deal for the amount of food you get.  If you specialize in BBQ, it outta be very good.  But I would eat here again....good grub for cheap, $8.99Oh yes, the ROOT BEER:  creamy, bubbly, with a bite....more on the Sarsparilla side...defenitely enjoyable.Next:  the $6.99 steak dinner special..... it's at the main restauranttil next time.......good BBQ eatin!
4	You can order chicken or ribs or ribs and chicken. That's all that you can order while out in the patio, but the ribs are finger lickin' good AND cheap, under $9 and it comes with all the fixings. Dine in the patio area, it's the only way to go. Super cheap drinks! $10 bucks for 4 drinks (this includes tip). While the guys gambled, us girls drank...a lot. The crowd was..um...eccentric and the karaoke was fun. The wait was long, more than an hour, I recall.  Visit the slot machines in the interim.  I put in $1 and won $5.25!  I was the big playa in our group that night.Definitely will revisit.  This last trip we kept it real low-key and this had to be the best Vegas trip so far.
4	Smoky, rancid air, townies belting out their favorite karaoke chart toppers, and amazingly cheap drinks pretty much sum up my experience at Ellis Island's karaoke room.  While the place is skank central (in the non-feminine, but rather the odorous, sense), it has a few banquettes along the side and a few tables for groups to congregate among while they wait out their turns at the mic.  The emcee kept the songs moving well and the waitstaff was clearly on top of our orders.  She really kept those $3 vodka drinks coming.  If you're in for a (barely) off-the-strip Vegas experience, and are looking for some stories, DEFINITELY check out Ellis Island.  The photos just won't do the stories justice...
5	this is my bar of choice in las vegas.  i mean $2 beers .  not pints ...but big beers.   The only place that i know of where i can get a true irish car bomb ( but lately they got new glassware and they gave us really small glasses last time) but next time i will make sure they give me a bigger glass.  just bring $20 with you and youll get drunk , gamble, and eat a slice of delicious pizza.  Oh yeah,  they also have karaoke in case you get wasted and want to sing a song. yup ellis isalnd has it all.
4	Cheap drinks... Cheap alcohol.. And a crazy group of old ladies sing karaoke while bums try to get money for more booze. And the old eivis impersonator is gambling to the right of me. I loved it.The place is a box of smoke and odor. But this is the unglamorous side to Vegas.On one hand Elis Island is any other casino in, really downtown Vegas. It has the cheap eats, the restaurant, a few tables and the bar in the middle. A place where the nearly dead sit in the glow of their machines, they don't even take joy in it anymore. But its also a place where, like myself, Casino workers go to get away from the Disneyland Effect of working on the strip.
4	The place is a dive, but I love it!I enjoy their beer and I especially like their root beer.  I tried to stay sober my last trip and ended up drinking a few root beers that go for about a buck and a half in a 20 oz glass...   My non-alcoholic phase of my last trip lasted one day and night of my three night excursion to Vegas...I never win @ this casino, then again, I rarely win @ any casino...Their sports book used to be the size of my bathroom, now they've opened a new one that is much bigger, but way smaller than most sports books in town.Ellis Island has their famous $6.95 filet cut sirloin dinner which comes with a microbrew, in addition to a salad, garlic green beans, and choice of potato.  It's served 24 hours, except every other Monday when the coffee shop is nearly closed for cleaning 11pm to 5am.  The steak special isn't served during those six hours.  I thank Anthony Curtis' Las Vegas Advisor for the info in the above paragraph...Service can be extremely slow in the coffee shop and @ times the wait to get a table can be long and costly- meaning losing a bunch of bucks gambling while waiting to eat...They have a Metro Pizza in the joint.  Decent pizza.   I like to mix it up a bit.  Sure I love Bellagio, but Ellis Island can be fun...
4	The location and casino itself leaves much to be desired. I will say that I won $33 on a penny machine while waiting to be seated...lol. My Mom had been told to come here by a friend of hers from out of town. She ordered the steak special and I had the prime rib. THe place was packed...so I will say that the service was a little slow. The food, however was actually alot better than anticipated for such a cheap meal. The beer was also quite refreshing and good, with no bitter after taste. All in all, the meal was totally cheap. The decor and service was not great...but well worth the time and money. The crowd is not for the faint of heart though, we saw what had to be a street walker (practically naked with a much older man) at one table and a bum ordering numerous glasses of water at another table.
3	this is actually a veeeery crappy looking casino.. but.. i will come here for$2.99  steak and eggs.. mMmmMmm.. it comes with bread too. yaaay!!! it's a talker between friends too... it's like.. if you're competing for where to eat for the cheapest deal... definatly this one is a catcher!!! haha. yum!!! cheap food in vegas. where on earth do u find $2.99 steak and eggs these days? not very manY!!! there's other deals too that they have .... i only got the steak and egg.. but if u ask.. they'll tell you! =) .. so ask =)
5	$6 corned beef hash? Hell yeah! $11 prime rib that includes a beer? Yes, please! I am never disappointed when I come here. It's worth the 40 minute wait the place has sometimes. This place looks pretty shady inside and out, but once you try the food, you'll be hooked.
4	came by to check out the karaoke... interesting.. place gets packed!!!  standing room... crowd was chill not snobby...beer was $3 bucks ... from the outside it doesn't look to inviting, walking in same feel not a-lot to write home about, but that's what made this place even better... didn't feel like dressing up to go club hopping just wanted to chill and this place is a great spot for that.. did not get a chance to eat at the restaurant some reviews say waiting can drag out but the food is supposed to be killer maybe next time again came for the karaoke was not disappointed except maybe try coming in earlier to get a table or a spot at the bar.... I got there about 11pm
4	The wait was really long, and the casino was smokey and gross, but once we finally got seated the service was fast and the food was good.  Everywhere you go in Vegas people talk about the steak, but go for the teriyaki chicken, the sauce is amazing.  I also have to recommend the root beer.
3	we have gone to this "ol'school (of the strip, local)" restaurant/casino/brewery a ew tims (btw are you confused yet---so am I)to say the least it is a jack of all trades but, you cant beat there breakfasts, cheap and good, last time i went it was steak and eggs for $3.99. as i stated previoulsy this is also a brewery and they make there own root beer, yeah its good stuff..this is not a place i would staay at or even gasmble at but its good bang for your buck......last time i went with my pops in law we had a coupon all u can drink for 1 whole hour, no purchase necessary, i think we rocked 22 coronas, pretty awesome...
4	7:00am on a Saturday morning after staying up all night gambling and drinking is the perfect time for a good cheap steak dinner.  Luckily Ellis Island is there to satisfy!  All day, every day for $6.99 you get a nice, thick, juicy top sirloin cooked to your liking PLUS a baked potato, steak fries or mashed potatoes PLUS a nice portion of veggies PLUS soup or salad PLUS a tall glass of their home brewed root beer.  Seriously??  Yes!  For the price, the steak was great!  Of course not like you'd get at a top end steak house or anything, but it was thick and tender.  No complaints there.  The fries were typical steak fries and the veggies were green beans.  No complaints about them either.  I got the soup, which was clam chowder that day.  Really good soup.  Nice chunks of clam and potatoes, perfect with some tabasco.  Finally, the root beer was great.  None of that Barq's crap here.  Home brewed with a good taste, more like a sarsparilla.   Definitely my new favorite cheap eats place in Vegas!  Even state line/ Primm doesn't have cheap steak dinners like this anymore.  Trust me, we went to all 3 casinos there on the way to Vegas before finding out they don't offer it anymore.  Take the signs on the 15 down then!Oh, yeah, and thanks D for buying us breakfast!
4	I introduced this joint to my five companions on my most recent trip to Sin City and they immediately made it their dining choice every night (i should say morning..) for the remainder of the trip.You can't go wrong coming to this place, unless you try to eat at around 7pm. In that case, expect a 75min wait for the best value restaurant in the county.
4	I love the pints of yummy beers for $1.50 each.  The BBQ place is super duper.  The combo is the best- 1/2 a chicken, rack of ribs, two pieces of corn on the cob, sourdough bread, coleslaw, and baked beans for like, under $10 a person. It's insane really.  And it's all yummy.  You usually have to wait a while to get a table, but it's worth it and it gives you the perfect opportunity to do some beer drinkin and quarter slot gamblin.  Aside from the BBQ there's a restaurant at the back that has good food too.  I had the fish and chips there once and that was very good. The atmosphere of the casino reminds me of an old movie. It's smoky, crowded, and a little dingy.  But the food is great and the prices are just unreal.  Whenever we have out of town guests we bring them to Ellis Island and we all have a great time.
4	#1 Kareoke Bar (in my book) and sweet sweet cheap steaks with a pint of home brew lager! All for under $10 (the most expensive thing was the $6 i put in the machines) The meal was $5.49 and it came with a micro brew that they make and a decent steak. Plus our server was very understanding that we had to rock out at Kareoke so he put out food under the heat lamps till we came back, and it was still good. The Kareoke bar was great also! A little smokey, but it's a bar, with about 100 shouting folks singing along to "Jeremy" and drinking beers. I will warn you that the DJ isn't as much of a fan of the group singing on stage as we were, but he tollerated it because we tipped the crap out of him! Enjoy the rocking and rolling (and the drinking and stumblin)!
5	2.15.09: Where can you go for good food, thats amazingly cheap and amazingly tasty? Wait is that even possible? Well People of YELP I am here to declare that this place is the shit. The Brewery is where the best thing you can get is their ribs. You must must come here for their delicious ribs for about $10 that comes with sides. I can say I was a little skeptical at first but when i got there based on their line to get in, I knew it has to be super duper great. The place does have odd hours so be sure to check that out. Also I believe they just opened for one minute and the place was fulled. Luckily I didn't care to sit at the outside patio. Sweet got a seat.I was drooling over the ribs being cooked right in front of me. I couldn't stop looking and just wondering a rack of ribs can be so tender, so sweet, and so fully of juicy greatness. In the end I wished I had ordered more just to take the rest back and eat later. I kow some complained about the service. I have to say that I was just lucky! My service was excellent. The ribs and chicken deal is a good deal. I really liked the chicken also. I was really surprised because I'm so use to dry bbq chicken but someone must have known the secret to cooking chicken here. Thank goodness for that. Althought the chicken and ribs deal has variety, I kind of wished that I only ordered the ribs because damn I got to say that things was just so freaking orgasmic. ha ha.Seriously come here when you can and even if you're not hungry you should just come here anyways.Come here and I know you will enjoy it.
5	I was in Vegas for 4 days on business. I ended up hanging out at The Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on several occasions. Just walk 1 block off the strip behind Ballys. The food and beer here was the highlight. 20 oz. glasses of beer, brewed there on the premises for $1.50. You cant beat that! I especially liked the Weiss. In comparison, a bottle of Heineken at Planet Hollywood (where I was staying) costs $7.00.I ate there twice. Once in the restaurant and once in the BBQ restaurant. I had the steak special (comes with a beer for $6.99) and the rack of ribs ($11.99) [both recommended on Yelp.] Both dinners were fantastic! Well worth the money and the wait. We had to wait about an hour to get into the BBQ restaurant.The karaoke was fun but was pretty crowded both times I went. The song selection was decent, but on the nights I was there, there was a problem with the machine and many of the songs weren't working. They claim it is the best Karaoke in Vegas but I doubt it. I would only say that it was ok. The casino was fun. There are loads of slot machines. There are a couple blackjack tables but no poker. There are a lot of older folks and regulars hanging around this place. I didn't see any drunks or homeless people in here (as stated in other reviews). This place is old school Vegas. Its kinda dumpy and smoky, but thats the way I like it. Overall, I had a great time at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I would highly recommend it to anyone!
1	Umm, I'm sorry to all of you who are giving this place rave reviews - maybe I just had a bad experience. Just wanted to share my experience at Ellis Island in Las Vegas. My husband and I went to LV for the first time this weekend, and Ellis Island was highly recommended for their $6.99 steak dinner. Umm... NO. Let me tell you why we'll NEVER go there again!* We waited 35 minutes for what was supposed to be a 15-20 min wait.* Our 35 minute wait was right next to an open table, to which they took us to. HUH? Are you serious that we've been sitting by this open table for 35 minutes and you're just now sitting us in it?* Our waitress took FOREVER and was not that helpful.* The salad was your basic crap-bagged salad from the local grocery store, with one tomato. Yuck.* When we received our steak dinner, it was char-burnt, tough, with NO SEASONING. The baked potato was chewy and they had a little elementary cafeteria-style pouch of sour cream next to it. It looked a little.. uhh... GOVERNMENT FOOD PROGRAM-ish??* We didn't even finish our meal. Our waitress never checked on us, and we were ready to go. We waited and looked around as she never showed up again. I was almost about to take my food up to the register and ask them for my check. She finally shows up, we ask for our check and we leave.Oh! The best part? They say, "join the players club and you get $5 in free slot play!" So we say, okay that meal was a dud, but let's at least try to win some money if anything. - well guess what? We go sign up, they give us our players card, and tell us it will activate in 24-48 hours!!! HUH!!! Are you serious! Our experience there was unbelievable. In the WORST way. I can't believe we walked all that way for nothing. Oh well, it's better that we found out, right?Maybe it was a "cultural" thing. I noticed not many people of our skin tone in the restaurant, as well as on this review site. Hmm.
5	They brought back the top sirloin steak dinner ($6.99)!!! YAY! I'm glad they got rid of the filet mignon. The dinner comes with a tall glass of microbrew or rootbeer -- I love the stout here -- and yes, I had it for breakfast!!Ellis Island never fails!
4	3.75 stars.Came here the first night to fill up before drinking. This place had a long wait, but when we sat down, most of us ordered the steak. It was good and cheap (relative to rest of Vegas) food! My friend ordered a prime rib. He asked for it to be medium, but it came back rare... I mean really rare... borderline raw. But he ate it anyways.I would come back here. We walked from M&M Factory to here. It was a long walk. (Hell, all of Vegas is a long walk.. which I don't recommend doing... just cab it!)
4	This is primarily a review of the restaurant at Ellis Island.Here's an old school Vegas joint with some killer prices and decent food.  Yes, the $6.99 steak special is a great deal.  The steak was cooked perfectly and had not a sliver of fat on it.  It could have been served in a fancy restaurant.  Note to all: their temperatures are a little redder than you may be used to.  Medium is pink all the way through here.  Medium rare is very red, and rare looks up at you dolefully, moos, then slits its own throat.The attendant sides are not that great.  Vegas is a land that loves neither fruit nor vegetable.  Don't expect anything great there.  However, Vegas does hooch very well, and they brew their own beer at Ellis Island.  It's extremely tasty and cheap!  There is a low limit roulette wheel here.  If you want poker, etc., Bally's and Caesar's are walking distance.
5	To think of all the times I've passed by here without going inside. This has now become a mandatory visit. Between the great $1.50 beer, fun karaoke, loose slots, and great food, what more does one need?My one dollar turned into seven within minutes on the slots. Of course, most of the proceeds went towards beer, as well as the chicken fried steak and eggs plate (very good and only $6.99). Thursday is 2 for 1 pizza. Didn't try the BBQ, but the rave reviews speak for themselves.Be advised this isn't a flashy glitzy cliquey place like MGM or Palms. Then again, there's no $30 cover charge either. It is what it is. You either accept it or you don't.
4	After reading all these reviews we decided to give this place a try. We went there during a weekday for dinner. Be aware that they have a long waiting line. We had to wait for an hour. We had the steak special which comes with a veggie side, potato, a salad, bread and a beer. It was good but not worth the wait.
5	Remember the glory days of Vegas when you could get $1.99 prime rib? This is one of the last great deals in town. The $6.99 steak dinner includes a beer from their microbrewery! The steak was cooked to perfection, the hefeweisen was great, the service was good. We had a party of 8 and our table ordered steaks rare, medium rare, medium, medium well and well done. Everyone was happy with the quality of their steak. I still can't believe I got a bowl of clam chowder, a great steak, with mashed potatoes, steamed green beans, bread roll and a large beer for under $10! This is a gem of a restaurant in Vegas, believe me so be prepared to wait. There's almost always a line.
5	Wow. BEST KEPT SECRET OF LAS VEGAS!!! I don't know if this listing is only for the restaurant, but the casino actually has a small bbq place as well. They only serve BABY BACK RIBS and BBQ CHICKEN (w/ sides of course!).You can choose from a whole rack of ribs (11.99), a whole bbq chicken (6.99) or THE COMBO-- 1/2 rack and 1/2 chx (8.99). Both are delicious, but I have to say that the ribs are my favorite. the meat is so tender and juicy and the bbq sauce is to die for! They even give you an extra side already because they know that people always ask for more. If you sit outside on the patio, you can see them grill the meats right in front of you.The humungo plate also comes with corn on the cob, bbq baked beans, and toasted bread. If you don't like one of the sides, you can ask the waiter to swap it out for another. I just went this weekend and the asian server actually gave me extra sides free of charge! Also, he gave my friend all the sides for free since she was the only vegetarian at the table. I've gone here a few times and other than the Asian male server, most of the wait staff are impatient and rude. You can't really blame them though since the restaurant is tiny, there aren't enough tables, the wait is almost always over an hour or two, and people are constantly asking when there table is ready. In any case, this place is DEFINITELY WORTH IT!! You can pass the wait time by gambling at their $5 blackjack single-deck tables.. you'll probably win enough to cover your dinner since it's so cheap! Oh, and if you like light and very crispy beer where you can actually taste the hops, then you must try out their house-made beer. It's only $2 bucks! I'm from Orange County, CA and I've made a trip out to Vegas JUST to eat at this bbq place (and to do the usual Vegas stuff of course). I'm not gonna lie, I pretty much signed on to yelp to write a review solely because I just took a bite of my leftovers right now. 3 days later and they are still melting in my mouth. MMM MMM MMMMM!!! :)TIP #1: If you go with a big group, have someone put down their name first because you will be waiting for over 2hrs. They will give you a number and they call them over the loud-speaker so you can hear it wherever you are in the casino. Just don't be too busy gambling!TIP #2: One order is definitely enough for one or even two (if you're with a bf/gf) to share, but I suggest ordering one for yourself and saving the leftovers for later. They taste EVEN BETTER at 4am after a night of clubbing and drunken fun!
2	Ugh. Every time I go to this place after a night out I dream of how wonderful the steak special will be. A 10 minute wait later, reality hits when the juicy steak I'm fantasizing about turns into a small chunk of burnt meat reminiscent of the coal I got on Christmas.On the bright side, their home brewed root beer is delicious which makes washing down the steak not too bad of an experience.
3	Cheap drinks = degenerates. That is the trade off you get when you go to Ellis Island. The coffee shop has great chicken wings but will cost you $8.95. They do have a Metro Pizza which is great. The rib place is alright nothing special. Affordable to cheap prices makes this place great but watch out for the crowd. It may get rough at a moments notice.
5	$6.99 steak special please.............yum yum.This is a lower end casino, smaller and darker than those downtown..........guess what?  It's a nice escape from the Strip.  The steak special is delicious, the waitress was excellent.  I didn't gamble here because NOBODY was playing on the tables and maybe 3 people on the slots.  I will return for the delicious steak, hopefully there will be more action in the pit next time I come back.
4	--This review is for the BBQ restaurant only--Awesome ribs!  Delicious sauce and tender baby backs.  Prices are as cheap as they can get (especially if you join the players club).  I ordered a second rack to save for later, but ended up eating most of it there.  Couldn't help it...Turnoffs include the long wait and the ghetto casino.  But its not their fault if they're popular and I'm not there for the casino--so these aren't deal breakers for me.  They're also generally understaffed.  Maybe thats how they keep costs down?Drop by if you want some great ribs and want to do Vegas on the cheap.  Just get their early to grab a number![edit]  Forgot to mention the beer.  All of the house beers are drinkable, but nothing great.  Cheap as hell though!  I just order the house root beer when I'm there.  Not carbonated enough but still good to wash down the BBQ.
4	My first visit today to Ellis Island, especially to try the $6.99 Filet Cut Sirloin steak meal.  I wasn't disappointed.  The "Restaurant" was quite busy at 11 AM.  Almost every table was taken already.  This was a nice cut of meat.  It was about 1 1/2 inches thick, slightly under-cooked from what I ordered (medium), but very juicy and good.  The sides were good as well, the salad so-so.  Topped it off with one of their light micro-brews in a tall glass.  That hit the spot.  Very quickly lost $20 in one of their slot machines right after eating, and then left.  But I'll be back.
5	Micro-brewed beers... cheap, decent steak, penny slots, what's not to love?  I hear the karaoke is the best in town.  Oh, and definitely try the root beer... maybe the best I've ever had.  Truly a las vegas gem.
5	Just dined here a week ago.  Seriously, the best damn ribs you'll ever taste.  My friends are still talking about the finger lickin' good ribs.
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I have to make a stop at Ellis Island.  Every time I visit Vegas with new friends, I have to take them to Ellis Island!!  It's just that great!  $6.99 for a steak sirloin with two sides and a drink?!  $12.99 for a prime rib dinner with two sides and a drink?!  Not only is it cheap, it's GOOD FOOD and it's open 24 hours!!  The drink includes alcoholic beer or root beer and it's a tall glass that I've never been able to finish.For the two sides, you get to choose from a salad or soup, both of which are really good.  Their chicken noodle soup isn't lacking in chicken OR vegetables, which I love!  These two sides don't include string beans so it's like you're getting 3 sides!The last time I came here, there was another special: $8.99 Shrimp Scampi.  I decided to try something new and I'm so glad I did!!  My dinner came with a root beer, house salad, a baked potato with sour cream and butter, garlic bread, and shrimp scampi!  My friends say the root beer is IBC, and they're root beer fanatics so I believe them.  If I'm not getting root beer, then I'm getting Hefeweizen, which is also good!  The house salad came with crispy lettuce and oh so yummy croutons!  The baked potato, unfortunately, didn't come with bacon, cheese, chives and all that good stuff but it was good nonetheless.  The garlic bread was delicious!  It was lightly padded with flavor so it wasn't soggy, and the crust wasn't too hard.  The shrimp scampi was heaven!  There were only 5 pieces but they were HUGE pieces.  They were drenched in butter and oh so juicy.  I definitely recommend dining at Ellis Island, especially if you want a delicious meal for cheap!!
1	We have tried EI twice (eat, drink grog and hi-balls, gaming) and both times hated it - food, drinks and atmosphere. Our second visit) March this year) was because of the comments on Forums saying we must try again...it must have been an off night. NOT!! The dirty washrooms in the back of the casino were disgusting and vomit was on the floor the entire 2 hours 2 minutes and 2 seconds when we were there and not cleaned. My partner thought the meal barely edible and I was sorry I tried it a second time and wasted hours of my life doing it. (1) The beer made us both noxious (and we drink a lot of beer - good stuff and cheap...and we think their brew is about the worst we have had anywhere. Not sure what rat pee tastes like but EI beer could be a dead ringer. (2) The so called "baseball size cut off the menu sirloin steak" tough and tasteless - but then we am from cattle country and BBQ beef almost nightly - what would we know. Comes with enough tasteless nuked green beans that even the Green Giant would run away screaming No No No instead of Ho Ho Ho... (3) Drinks, watered down (coupons or not and frankly who cares). (4) Gaming: broke even and this was not why we were here anyway. (5) Cleanliness - lets not get me started on this one... (6) Street urchins were present around the back and front entrance - and had I wanted an injection of just about anything I imagine I could have got it for a buck or two. Not into drugs? - there were some pixies out there as well. This place is sorely over rated and feeds off it being the cheapest place close to the strip for those with little money left, cut 3 sheets to the wind or cheap. Those that are frugal know they can spend a buck or two elsewhere and get better value - and with the bonus of not feeling you need a scrub down after the visit to EI.Did I miss anything? Oh yes...bring hand sanitizer if planning a visit.
4	prime rib!!!!! 12.99 prime rib that comes with f-ing awesome mashed potatos and gravy!! comes with sauteed string beans , a side salad, and a root beer/beer. ew i got the filet mignon 6.99 special or whatever.. not good. cheap tho =) so yeah just get the prime rib!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!sucks that its off the strip though. i guess its not that far.. but i always taxi here. too hot to walk .. and im not talking about the weatherjk
4	This place was a great find. With good tasting $1.50 Micro-brewed beers and Really decent food. It is a win  win combinations. The Casino is really small but comfortable. It has the local vibe to it. The restaurant was pack and we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated. My husband ordered Prime Rib dinner for $12.99 It came with a glass of beer of your choice and salad, baked potato and vegetable. I ordered Deep fried shrimp dinner. It was also reasonably priced. We liked it so much we end up going there for dinner the next day and my husband ordered Breakfast special which consist of Ham and Eggs with potato and biscuit. I ordered deep fried fish dinner. It was all good.
4	This is a gem of old school Vegas where one can still get a $6.99 steak dinner with green beans and another side (such as rice, fries, baked/mashed potatoes) at the restaurant.  When our hero is in Vegas, he always finds one evening to forgo the hustle and bustle of billion dollar corporate casino and hotel developments on the strip to come here for a simple steak dinner.  The meat is a bit gristly, the service and wait can be slow, but it is one very satisfying deal that can be paired with $1.50 microbrewery beers for an excellent belly busting meal.  Don't look for the $6.99 steak dinner on the menu though, it's an off menu special that is widely known to locals who patronize this casino that's barely a mile east of the strip.  Our hero can tell this restaurant is great when most of the diners are obese locals.As for the actual casino, it's a bit dingy and old, but has some lower limits that make for cheap gambling.PROS:- Restaurant is open 24 hours.- Good selection of $1.50 micro beers at the bar or restaurant.- Awesome off-menu steak dinner deal.- $3 blackjack tables and $4 roulette.CONS:- Expect to wait 15 minutes for a table and another 15 minutes for service at the restaurant during peak hours.- Not a whole lot in terms of cocktail service.
5	I love how it's 24 hour at the restaurant. One of my guy friends kept talking about 5 dollar steak at Ellis Island, we didn't go on our first night, but I'm glad we were able to fit it in on our second night. 5 dollars for steak, potatoes, eggs, and toast. I was just expecting steak and eggs! I'm not even a huge steak person and I enjoyed my meal!Best food after a night of clubbing/dancing/drinking!
5	After a fun night out in vegas. It wouldn't be complete after a cheap steak dinner at Ellis Island hhahahaha
3	My friend was raving about this place. Apparently it was featured on the Discovery Channel as being one of the best steaks for its value. To me, the steak was alright (I mean, it's no Morton's)... I wish they actually had steak knives. It truly is worth it, and make sure you ask for the draft beer (which by the way only costs $2). I loved going there, but I cannot see myself going there twice like my friend. If you are trying to get there by foot, from the Strip, take the Bally's shortcut instead of going around the block. Service is incredibly slow (as they are understaffed). VERY slow. but you get what you pay for in life. I feel tempted to give this place 4 stars, but i just think this place is A-OK at a REALLY good value. so 3.5 stars sounds good.
2	I am astounded that after 137 reviews Ellis Island has an average of 4 stars......Yes -  they have $2.00 draft beersYes -  they have a steak special .....Yes - they have ribs .....Yes - they  have that old style vegas feel .... sort ofbut then again .... many, many other locations in Las Vegas have similar specials, with a much better atmosphere.Try Ellis Island:If you like your clothes smelling like a cigarette factory .....If you like derelicts sitting at the bar next to you ....If you like service that is super slow ......If you like bathrooms that look they were cleaned a month ago .....If you like a security service that is totally useless .....Is that the old vegas feel you want when you get away from the strip ??Perhaps my feelings are clouded by the fact I got my wallet lost/stolen at the bar in Ellis Island a few years ago.But then again, I guess that is the "Old Style Vegas" atmosphere.....I thought I might be harsh on the "island" after my wallet experience, so I got talked into going once again. Yes - $2.00 draftsYes - all of the prior experiences were present .... smoke, degenerates, filthy restrooms ......Trust me - there are plenty of places you can go that offer the same as Ellis Island.Then again - I guess you get that " quality experience" you pay for.
5	This review is for Baby Back's and Brew located within the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery. I had heard wonderful things about the bbq here as well as the warnings about the wait for a table. Both are true!The staff isn't all that friendly...and the pace is hectic...the wait was an hour...but most of that was my fault because I requested a table inside...next time I will just take the next available seating...the outside area was shaded so the 70 degree early evening temp would have been fine.I did not realize that the bar located on the other end of the very small casino served huge 22 oz plus glasses of beer for $2. Now that I know that, I will put my name on the waiting list and head for the bar... the beer is great...at least the hefe and the light blond...which was all we tried were...and $2? Come on....sure beats a $7 bottle of bud at the Monte Carlo...(oh yeah, could have gotten that for free if I put $20 into the poker machine at the bar...sorry guys...that's NOT free).... but I digress... the food was great....we both had the ribs and chicken for $7.99 each with a casino players card that took us all of 2 minutes to sign up for....the ribs were perfect...fall off the bone...ample (huge) portions...this place is now a must for us...and we tell all our friends about the good food and the beer. Yeah Baby!!
4	Great little hole in the wall place with awesome food.  For real cheap you can get a full rack of ribs, 2 pieces of corn, garlic bread, beans and slaw.  The  ribs are damn good and they give you a ton of food!  If  you get a players card with them the meal is a few bucks cheaper than without one. I recommend getting there early before the BBQ section opens since the eatery itself is pretty small and the line backs up quickly. There is a brewery on the premise and the beers are good (and cheap!). I didn't get to experience the karaoke on this past trip but I have heard it kick ass. Oh, and it didn't hurt that I won $44 on the nickel slots.  I will definitely be back!
4	I'll agree that this is a no frills dive joint, but who cares! The $7 steak dinner special that includes a beer, salad, steak, potato, and veggie was well worth the walk off the Strip.
4	This is a review for their diner: It used to be that I couldn't drag my friends to Ellis Island. "We don't want to go to some little off-strip casino", they'd say. Well after finally talking them into it a few times, they now annoy me by wanting to eat every meal at Ellis Island. The steak special is a great deal and they also have good micro brewed beer. Personally, I've had the steak special so many times that I have gotten tired of it. I've been in love with their king cut prime rib and have gotten that my last few visits. It is a little more than the steak special, but you get everything you get in the steak special (including the beer) but with a huge cut of prime rib instead of a steak. They also have daily specials on a board up front.All the waitresses have been extremely nice. I wish they would hire more of them though, since every time we've eaten here outside of extreme late night, they've been woefully understaffed.
4	For some reason, one of my friends LOVES this place and it isn't a trip to Vegas without a 4am pit stop here for their $4.99 steak and eggs. I was first introduced 2 years ago.First of all, I am a vegetarian so I haven't had their steak and eggs, but my friend swears on the Bible on it. Says it's the best thing ever.We went there for the traditional post clubbing meal. Imagine 6 drunk girls stumbling into a shabby looking casino/restaurant at 4am talking obnoxiously loudly recapping the night. That was us. To anyone not intoxicated, we were probably annoying as shit.I got the baked penne which was good, but in my drunken stupor, my stomach wouldn't let me enjoy it to the max (and I ended up throwing it up. TMI, I know) and the rest of the girls got the usual steak and eggs. Although they said it was a little over cooked, they did all agree that the clam chowder was frickin' amazing. Things like "Best clam chowder EVAR!", "OMG, it's not even this good in SF", and "I want another bowl NOW" were said during the meal.Besides their food, what REALLY won me over was the waitress this last visit. Sure, it was probably our bad because we were annoying, typical girly Vegas visitors, and we were talking pretty openly about subject matters that should really not to spoken in public at high volumes, but when the table next to us complained to the waitress about telling us to shut up, she stood up for us. She said it's a public, open restaurant and it's freakin' 4am. Drunken, inappropriate talk should be expected and she really has no grounds to tell us to shut the eff up. Again, probably our bad, but I really appreciated the gesture =)
5	Me and the ol lady hit this fine establishment a couple years back and still party it up there when ever we hit town. This review isnt about the food. This review is for all the cheap people, who, like myself, enjoy $2 draft beer, $3 mixed drinks, loud karaoke, and funny ass drunk peple! This place has karaoke every night, so you can get shity and belt out your favorite tunes any day of the week! I love this place, its a lil dirty, a lil run down, a lil dangerous, and cheap! All qualitys i find in myself. Thats most likely the reason Ellis Island and me go hand in hand. Anyhow i highly recomend this dive bar to anyone in vegas who misses their own dive bar back home. Oh and by the way.......the roulette table there took my money! SEACREST OUT!!!
1	After a long night of clubbing, we were up for some breakfast at 4am.  While hailing a taxi cab, our attendant convinced us to go to this place (instead of another we had in mind).  Big Joe told us it was the best place to get some steak and eggs.  Well Big Joe, you were wrong.Granted, the food was decent.  The eggs weren't dry, and with a little salt and pepper, it made it just right.  Potato pieces always a plus.  I ordered my steak medium rare, which usually let's my meat be just the right texture - not too dry, and not too bloody.  Well, my meat was a bit on the dry side, so one can only imagine if I had even fathomed to order my meat well done.Then again, you get what you pay for.My main complaint about this place was the service we received.  After a long wait to get our food (maybe I'm too used to the fast service I get in California?), we finished our food, and waited for the check.  I guess I'm used to getting the check before I'm done eating.  But we waited.  And waited....................... AND WAITED.We tried asking the hostess for the check, but she just rudely stated she didn't know who our server was, and she simply couldn't help us.  From what I could see, there were only two servers at the time, so how hard was it to figure it out.  If the first one said no, THEN ASK THE OTHER!  And yes, we did try to get our waiter's attention.  Luck had it that he was serving two large groups.However, that is not an excuse for a good 30 minute long wait (or at least what felt like 30 minutes) for our check.Ready to go to sleep, exhausted from a night of clubbing and suffering from a food coma,  we decided to do the right thing and leave money on the table before we left.  Yes, that's right, we never got our check.  At least we had the decency to leave money for our meal.  I know we could've just walked out and left, but we took the high road.Well, except for leaving this one star review that is.
4	This place serves huge platters of food for a super cheap deal! I love it! There was a restaurant area where they serve $6.99 steak, and they also had a bbq area with ribs and chicken. the combo deal is 1/2 rack of ribs. 1/2 a chicken (literally), corn on the cob, cole slaw, beans, and bread for $8.99!! talk about an insane deal! and the food was so good too =)they also have all the cheap slot machines for those who like to gamble but not become flat-out broke and a karaoke place. it's run down looking and old, but that's old school vegas for you, and for good food at that price, you really can't complain.my only gripe is that we waited to be seated for the bbq place for almost 2 HOURS. granted we went during the peak dining time, but still!!!!! we weren't bright enough to get a number for the restaurant too until an hour and a half into our wait, so it was our fault for starving ourselves i suppose. the restaurant line was moving wayyyy faster than the bbq one. but i loved my bbq food i got so it kinda made up for most of the wait time. next time i just have to remember not to come at peak hours. but come back definitely i will~!!
3	On this trip to Vegas, we were really trying to save money while still having a great time.  Vegas exists to try and take your money, so it's like a game to do what you want but give them as little of your money as you can.Enter Ellis Island.  A block away off the strip, right behind our hotel, Bally's.  But that block is LONG in 100 degree heat.  And one block behind the strip is noticeably downscale.  Still, once in the casino you fell the old Vegas vibe, and it's comfy.A few websites had informed of the $6.99 steak special, which isn't on the menu.  It's a TON of food -- salad, bread, and a big piece of steak with fries (or mashed) and green beans.  Now this steak is never going to win any awards biut it was perfectly acceptable if a little overcooked.  I only ate the parts that were cooked to my liking and that was enough.  We were stuffed.The best part was when the bill came.  $15.00!!!!!!   This was less than we were to pay for any breakfast later in our trip.Everyone should come here for one meal!
5	Once again, they never disappoint... I gotta give them kudos for consistency.  $6.99 for a decent steak, veggies, potatoes w/ salad or soup and a beer or root beer that they make.  It just doesn't get any better.The only negative is the wait.... which I have discovered how to bypass.  Just take the number they give you and give it back to them w/ a greenback under it.  I usually give $10, there is a young girl there usually that knows the dealio.So far, the BEST deal in Vegas I would have to say..... the $7.77 steak n shrimp special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock is a close second.The coolest thing is that none of these 'SPECIALS' are on the menus......
4	I can never pass out  the $6.95 steak deal. Certainly one of the places to check out if you're traveling on a budget. You have to ask for it, as it is not on the menu. For that price you get a 10 oz. steak, potatoes, veggies & a tall glass of their beers or root beer. The steaks I've had so far have been of good cuts. The level of attentiveness from the wait staff can be spotty, although most of the time it's pretty good. The cafe is in an older casino, nothing glitzy. But for value, it's a very good one.
2	4 stars for this place??? U GOT TO BE KIDDING!  at most they deserve at 2.5.  I came here last friday night thinking it would be super good since all the reviews here on yelp.  Aside from the super long wait for a table, you have to wait real long for your food too.  We waited about 45 minutes and had to leave cuz we needed to catch a show.  After our show, we came back at around 11:30 pm, still had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  It's not like they didnt have tables, they were short staff i guess cuz the other section was closed.  I was disappointed by the food and the restaurant.  It's not worth the wait at all.The wait staff are nice though...2 stars for the friendly waitress.
4	If your looking for good food,cheap prices and good service, OPEN 24/7:you've found it here at Ellis Island. MOST times your gonna have to wait awhile to get seated but its worth it.THe eggs were cooked perfectly-FRIED MEDIUM-the Ham was tender and sweet.The burger was good. A solid Casino burger BUT nothing spectacular.The chicken Fried Chicken Steak was Outta this world-juicy,crispy and great gravy.Good Coffee,Reasonable Prices and Solid Service make this a place to frequent. Be sure to Try the BBQ & Brewery- NOT Open til 4pm.
4	during my last visit to sin city, i didn't fly into vegas until 10pm. by the time i checked in, it was past 11pm. we decided to look up some decent, cheap sit down places to eat via our phones. this place came up, and decided to give it a try. it's not directly on the strip, but not too far from our hotel. parking here is great because you don't have to spend 15 minutes going through a garage and find spaces. what i like about this place is they have a $6.99 steak special. the quality of the meat isn't the grestest, and you may need to bust out with a-1 sauce, but it's cheap. you know what else is cheap? their beer! $2 for beer cannot be beat! our waiter was a really cool guy who hooked it up. i would say the food is just ok, but the price is awesome! nice place to get away from the strip as well...
2	This review is only for karaoke:I LOVE dives and karaoke.  Do NOT take this 2-star as a misunderstanding of the function of dive bars or karaoke, and do not doubt my love of both.  I got there with a big group of friends at midnight on Saturday (of Labor Day weekend), signed up for karaoke, and was told it would be about an hour before I could sing.  Sweet!  The bar and tables are CHEAP, so no problem there.Here's my problem:  the karaoke MC is a douche. The bar tenders and other patrons in the bar were SUPER NICE, but yeah.  Here's what happened:Like 4 times he said  "We've got  [ so-and-so ] on now, then Genevieve, then [ some other name ]"   And somehow another name would magically get announced before mine.  I was "next"  . . .  at least 5 times. It was only when one of my friends went up and asked if I'd ever get to sing that he FINALLY put me on.  THEN I was holding my drink while singing (as I like to do) and in the middle of my song he yelled  "Hey - set your drink down!"   Excuse me - I am busy rocking the house, which is what I did, thank you!Whatevs - I had fun DESPITE all this but it did not add to my good time. There's GOT to be better karaoke in Vegas and the next time I'm there, I will find it.  Oh yes.  It will be mine.
4	Restaurant review~The Travel Network did a Vegas special on cheap eats, and Ellis Island restaurant was the one place I remember. Having been to Vegas just 2 months ago, I didn't mind doing some off-strip exploring.We arrived at Ellis Island where we saw the glorious sign: $6.99 Top Sirloin Steak Dinner. After a 30 minute wait for our table, we sat down in excitement for our cheapo dinner.And guess what? Not only did the dinner come with a 10oz sirloin, it also came with a pint of microbrew, soup or salad, green beans and a choice of mashed potato, baked potato or fries. OMG, jackpot!!!Besides my steak being slightly overcooked than what I ordered, the meal was great! I was in too much bliss. Also, our server was super nice and friendly. And I especially liked him, since he only carded me out of the whole table. Haha. =P**"Don't forget to Yelp about the Indiana Jones slot machine." Here you go, sis! It was awesome. Everytime she hit a bonus, we screamed. So much that the security guy came over.**Ellis Island has its own microbrewery. On their list they have: Amber ale, Hefe Weiss ale, Dark lager, Light lager and Root beer. The Amber has a strong wheat/yeast finish, somewhat similar to Sierra Nevada perhaps. The Dark reminds me of Guiness. Dark and bitter finish. And the Light lager was very refreshing and 1/3 the calories! Whoohoo. They know what they're doing!
3	For the karaoke bar only:As far as prices go...$2 beers are amazing, as are the $3.50?(according to my boy) shots of 1800 Silver Jose Cuervo Tequila.  You can definitely catch a nice buzz with a slim wallet here.  The dive bar vibe is great and all the patrons are laid-back.  It's a great place to sing karaoke for the first time because everyone gets into it, but not too into it.  If you forget the song, the MC will help you out.  The wait to sing can be kinda ridiculous sometimes, but we all know attaching something green to your request speeds up the waiting game.  And the MC will get to your song eventually.  Even though karaoke only goes til 3am officially, it usually always goes longer.A sour note from the other night: we sat down at a booth and since a cocktail server didn't come around, I went to the bar to get our drinks and he told me that I should go back and she'll be there soon.  Um, wtf?  Obviously, "soon" wasn't soon enough for me...so just fulfill my drink request without any side commentary...thanks!  Also, I know it's a bar and people are smoking, but the ventilation system in here needs to be redone ASAP!!  I go to various bars and clubs often, and never wake up the next day feeling like a I smoked 2 packs of cigarettes the night before!  Infact, the smokiness is a reason why I won't make going there a habit.  Feeling sick from all the smoke is NOT worth it!  Would give it 4 stars if not for the smoke...All in all, a great place to go for cheap fun with friends!
4	At first look, this off the strip, old casino looks a bit seedy.  Inside is very small, but very crowded.  The craps table there cracks me up, it's half sized and really little.But if you're looking for the best combination of value and taste for steaks and prime rib, I highly recommend the restaurant here.  We found out about this place from some local Vegas friends and I must say it didn't disappoint.  The prime rib was cooked to perfection and the beer and root beer, brewed on site is really tasty.
5	** this review is for the restaurant**The Ellis Island restaurant is the epitome of cheap but good eats in Vegas. It's located off the strip but not unreasonably far from the Paris/Bally's area. We already heard about the great deals they had on meals but when we saw the sign for a $6.99 sirloin steak dinner with a BEER while driving into the parking lot, it was like a dream come true!We eagerly waited for our number to be called while playing some slot machines and that only took around 35 minutes. The crowd in there was comprised mostly of senior citizens and families but we didn't mind! Our server, Jorge, was so wonderful and nice which earned him extra tip money!Ok, so I thought that maybe my meal would just come with a dinky steak and a tiny glass of beer for that price but boy was I wrong! The meal also came with a choice of salad or soup, a side of garlic green beans, and either a baked potato, mashed potatoes, or fries. The sirloin steak was a massive 10 oz too!! That's unheard of! The beer also came in a tall pint size glass and I only drank 1/4th of it. haha Jorge was kind enough to switch my amber ale to the light lager at no cost since it was too bitter...thanks Jorge! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=VMGabUn6LbE-O-gPJoKmhQ)The side salad was nothing special...just a bed of lettuce and shredded carrots plus croutons. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=kgpQGG1vNftJZdY9dnRNkg) My cut of meat was cooked perfectly to medium rare...it was so juicy and tender. The green beans were tasty with a hint of garlic flavor. The baked potato was great too with some butter and sour cream to top it off! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=-Asg4AY1pRLwMNMAKwbWlw) Needless to say, I devoured most of my food but not my beer unfortunately. Definitely worth the wait and drive/cab ride out here!
4	Besides the steak special that everyone raves about which I absolutely agree with and love, this place serves an amazing breakfast menu. Ham and eggs? the ham is so big it hangs over the edge of the plate. Pancakes are fluffy and fantastic. Root beer on tap is seriously so good. I swapped my beer for a root beer. But the beer is awesome too! They brew their own and have one for every palate. Sometimes there's a wait to get a table but generally you don't have to wait too long. It's worth coming here.
4	The BBQ is really tasty as agreed upon by our crew made up of people from KC and Carolina. The beer is a little weak but flavorful and it is brewed on premise.  I didn't care for the beans and the cole slaw was unremarkable.  Get there early as they don't have very many tables and unlike most places in Vegas, they close early.
4	F-ing greatest ribs!  Already planning my next trip just for the ribs and strippers.
4	Vegas can be expensive, but you need to know the right people and the right places!!Instead of the usual buffet or the $50-100 plate dinner - we heard about this steak dinner deal off the strip. $6.99 at Ellis Island for soup/salad, steak with potatoes and veggies, and a HUGE beer. It was a good meal - enough to line our tummies to drink and we even walked out with our unfinished beer back to our hotel room. Not too shabby! It's only about a 10 min walk from the strip and you can even make it there buzzed or not!  TIP: it's not a bouchy place, so leave the evening/club wear til after dinner
5	This place is quaint and cozy. I just reserved my room at the super eight hotel next door just to be closer to the 6.99 sirloin steak dinner. Less than 15 bucks for two people to eat steak dinners, w a baked pitato green beans, salad w homemade dressing and when i went a complimentary homemade beer or rootbeer. Its truly like filet mignon. If u can find a better deal in vegas, please tell me. The casino is nice and kinds old fashioned but a cute place. They serve ribs too in the front grill. The bar is kind of dark and dingy, but the people are nice and there is karaoke 7 nights a week. Drinks are very cheap too. I love this place!! Going for 5 days in december and will be sure to eat there 4 or 5 times.
5	Just went this weekend - so the info is current.Best steak and eggs deal in Vegas, period.  $4.95 from 11pm to (11am?).  Don't look for it on the menu.  It's not listed, and it's not going to be on their billboard outside.Best full rack of ribs deal in Vegas, period.  $11.99 from 4pm to 11pm for a full rack of BBQ ribs with corn, beans, and coleslaw.  If you're so inclined, you can get the 1/2 rack for $7.99 or for a dollar more, you can get their 1/2 rack + 1/2 chicken deal for $8.99.  I'm all about the ribs though, so full rack EVERY TIME, baby!!!  =)
4	$6.99 for a sit-down dinner of soup or salad, steak, freshly steamed green beans, potato (baked, fried, or mashed). $11.99 for a whole rack of ribs with sides.... the tastiest, least expensive meal deals in las vegas!
4	Cheap eats in Las Vegas.  And, not bad either.  Great for large groups on a budget.  For about $12, I had a prime rib steak, mashed potatoes, greens and root bear.  For another $4, I had a hot fudge sundae.  Now, I'll be real...this isn't fine dining and gourmet cuisine.  But, you get a good deal for the $ you pay!  Big portions and great service, too!  It was close to our hotel - the Westin Casuarina.
4	Ellis island is on the cheaper end of Casino's along the back end behind the actual strip. For what it's worth it offers a break from the superficial and super expensive relm of Vegas Casino's and more of a "old school" Vegas feel. Great happy hour specials and graveyard food specials along with some of the most entertaining karoke lounges in town. Ellis island is alright in my book.
5	**SPOILER WARNING!** Ok this place gets 5 stars from me. We had 2 orders of the 1/2 rack of ribs + 1/2 chicken combo, we each had a beer and our bill came out to $22 total. The portions were large and the food was cooked well. If you want to eat the steak dinner, you have to goto the restaurant. if you want the rib/chicken deals you goto the BBQ area near the brewery. The BBQ area opens at 4pm. We got there at 3:45 and were seated at 4 on the dot and had our food by 4:20.MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
5	This trip we had it all figured out. We put our name on the list for the bbq and then made our way to the bar where we proceeded to try to make a dent in the their micro brew. The beer was a good as I remember and the price was a mere $1.50 per 22 oz glass. It doesn't get any better than that. We had a great chat with Elvis in the bar. After a 45 minute wait, we were shown to our table. The bbq can't be beat for taste and price. I devoured the full rack of ribs while passing on most of the sides. This is still our favorite place in Vegas. Note: we did not gamble here because last time we lost our shirts.
1	I've read a lot of great reviews about this place. Now I know I've read about the sometimes long wait, which I understand for a off the strip casino for their restaurants. Tried hitting up the BBQ spot and the restaurant. Both of which had an hour wait. It doesn't seem to be too shady of a hotel as others have described. The only problem I had beside the wait was the group of emo scenesters that don't know how to drive. I will definitely try and give this place another shot next time I hit up Vegas so I can give them a real review.
4	On my recent trip to Vegas with my fave girls, we went to Ellis Island 'cause we'd heard they have great karaoke.  We were not disappointed.  They have a big book of songs to choose from (though I didn't see some songs I would have liked but maybe that's a regional thing?) and a good mixed crowd of people.  There are some folks who sing great and some who don't sound anywhere close to good so you don't have to worry about not measuring up.  We loved it so much we went back again - that's 2 out of our 4 nights in Sin City.Ellis Island also has a pretty decent bbq - choose from ribs or chicken and you get more food than you can possibly eat.  Oh, and they brew their own beer.  We liked the light lager.  The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.  Yes, smoking is allowed everywhere in Vegas...but in this place, it just hangs in the air.  Fix that and I'll give you 5 stars!
3	Ok so don't come hear for fine dining or a speedy meal.  You will be sorely disappointed.  It is inexpensive by LV standards but decent food.  Remember, most times you get what you pay for.  However, a free 22 oz beer with your sirloin or prime rib is definitely a plus!  (Hefeweisen is pretty darn good here).  Casino is pretty small but it wasn't too busy so we didn't feel cramped.  Overall, good cheap eats 24/7...what more can you ask for?
4	Even since I read Anita L's review about their Steak Special, I've wanted to come try it.  The craving has never been greater after one failed dining experience 2 nights before at the 'R' restaurant.  On our way to the Venetian, we stopped here for our late lunch.  The casino is very small.  I think the restaurant took up 40% of the whole place.  However, people are very friendly.  It has that neighborhood restaurant feel to it.  The carpet is dingy, but since it's open 24/7, it'd be hard to try to clean it.  Anyway, I didn't have to think about what I wanted to order.  Both my fiance and I ordered the Steak Special for $6.99. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=nmhASW6s6tvE8en_VMKPmQIt came with a soup or salad and beer or root beer.  I ordered my steak medium.  It was grilled to a perfect pink!  The steak was juicy and tender.  OMG!!!  This was the no B.S fine piece of cowboy goodness 10 oz of meat!  The baked potato was really good, but the green bean was too soggy for my liking.  You might wonder if it was so good, why only 4 stars?  Well, I liked it so much I went back again just before leaving Vegas.  And this time, the steak was a little over-cooked on the outside and under cooked inside.  For its inconsistency, I averaged it to 4 stars.  But seriously folks, for a complete meal (serverd 24/7) at $6.99, you have to come try it!
5	I remember when the steak special was $4.99. Easily the best meal deal in the COUNTRY! It still remains the best meal deal. For $6.99 you get the following:10 oz. steak (c'mon we're not talking upper tier steakhouse, but, in my opinion, nearing the quality of Outback)SaladPotatoVegBeer (BREWED THERE)... and it's a big one!Go there, eat it... Don't expect good decor, don't expect good service, expect good food and a taste of old (slightly sleazy?) Vegas.It's an experience on it's own! Well worth trying!Please don't mention bad service when reviewing this place.. the food is nearly FREE and it's GOOD!  Quit yer B#$CHIN' and go to Cheesecake factory or wherever you bores go.Remember... this is steak and a beer at literally McDonalds Prices!!!
2	This review is for the BBQ & Brewery restaurant.  They open at 4PM no one under 21 allowed, no exceptions.I was told about this place by my bro inlaw.  He read on the internet that this place claimed to be one of the best out here on in the west.On to the food.  If you are looking for real BBQ, look else where.  If you are looking for tasty food at a low price, this place may be for you.  Their menu consists of three items: full rack of ribs, half rack of ribs, and half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  All entrees come with corn on the cobb, cole slaw, baked beans, and toast with butter.I got the half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  I should mention the ribs are baby back ribs.  The cost was $8.99.  The bbq chicken was moist, the sauce was good.  The ribs were really moist and the sauce was good.  Here's the deal, there is no smoke flavor, none at all that I could have distinguished either on the chicken or ribs.  There was no smoke ring on the meat of the ribs.  The ribs were missing that slight tug when the meat comes off the bone of a rib that was cooked slow and low on a bbq.  Did the meat fall off the bone?  Yes it did, but more like how the meat falls off the bone when you boil the ribs so they're tender or how meat falls off the bone when you braise something or similar to it.  And yes, I really do think they boil the ribs first as there was no real pork flavor.The chicken was akin to tender broasted chicken from say Costco or Boston Market, except is had BBQ sauce on it.  Was it good? Yes, but it wasn't legit BBQ chicken.The sides were less than stellar.  The corn on the cobb was limp.  All the kernels were not plump.  The majority of the juiciness was probably from the pot of water they used to boil the corn.  The cole slaw was fine, it would have been better if it had more of the dressing mixed in, but it was fresh and crunchy still.  The baked beans were on the verge of being flavorful.  The slices of bread they gave me were rye, they tried toasting it, but they still couldn't save it from being stale bread it was.Didn't try the beer so I can't comment on the legitimacy of their brewery.I like sauce and their BBQ sauce managed to make the food tasty, at least in my opinion it did.  It could have used more sauce though...Two stars for being fake BBQ.
2	I truly enjoyed this place when I visited back in June, 09. But when I went back this time. I was truly disappointed. The food was not as good as back in June and there was no line at all. That should have been a sign that things was not the same. I ordered Clam pasta. My husband ordered their famous Prime Rib dinner. My brother-in-law ordered Shrimp pasta. It was all just ok. Pasta were watery. Prime Rib was plain. I got the feeling either they change the management or chef. Too bad.
4	Yes, I know, I've updated this place too many times, but can't help it, this is one of those places where I always stop at whenever we are in LV. I asked for the steak dinner special at breakfast today and the woman said have the steak and eggs for 2 bucks less. I thought 'okay, that'll do". So for $4.99 you get 2 eggs cooked whatever way you want, 6oz of sirloin, fried potatoes and toast. Not bad at all except I've noticed they can't do poached eggs correctly! They always overcook it. The old staff seems to have disappeared and I noticed a whole bunch of new faces. One of our orders was completely screwy -- white toast instead of wheat toast and eggs over easy instead of over medium. In fact, the eggs were so runny the whites were on the snotty side.But hey, for 5 bucks I'm not complaining!! I still like this place a lot but it's not giving me those goosebumpy happy chills like it used to.
5	my friend told me about this place so i quickly did a yelp search and read Anita L. and sharon J's review.. since their reviews are the most current, therefore the deal must be still on going! I have just missed the breakfast special..but nonetheless the $6.99 steak  special was a total steal! for $6.99 you get a 10oz sirloin, choice of potato (fries, baked, or mashed), sauteed green beans (yes, sauteed w/ garlic..not those cheapy kinds where they just boil / steam it.), choice of soup or salad, and choice of root beer or beer (there were four different beers for u to choose from). sure the steak was not good quality steak.. but hey, i'm not complaining after all it is only for $6.99. This special deal is 24/7. The breakfast deal is good too.... $4.99 you get 2 eggs (however you want to cook) and a 6 oz steak...(no soup/salad or beer/root beer for this special)... supposedly the breakfast ends at 2pm on other days.. but when i went (Christmas day) breakfast ended at 11am). Look for server named Patty - she is AWESOME! Ellis Island is off the strip, but it's only a block away from bally's... it's RIGHT behind bally's - easy to find and not far from the strip at all! for $6.99 24/7 deal - it is definitely a "WOOHOO! as good as it gets!" unless someone tells me a better deal.
5	Forget just Vegas, this is the best dollar-for-dollar deal in the entire country.  Very good quality food with an awesome home-brew beer for $6.99!  The best deal in Vegas is a $8 cab ride from the strip.  The casino is run down and the restaurant decor and table-scapes are what you would find in a typical small town.  Ask for the steak special - it's not on the menu - and you will not be disappointed.  $6.99 gets you a 10oz sirloin (similar in quality to an Outback Special) + a large loaded potato + green beans + a large side salad + your choice of home brew beer.  The steak was nothing special, came out a bit charred but the salad was tasty, the potato large and well covered and the beans long and sea-salted.  Perhaps the best part of the dinner were the hot homemade rolls; better buns than anything you'll see walking on the strip.  I chose a Belgian-type beer that tasted like Blue Moon and poured in a tall pint.  Delicious!  Our party of 4 rolled out very satisfied with a bill of $36 which included tip!!!  Add a generous tipping on cabs there and back and the total trip cost to fully satisfy four dudes (2 of them overweight big eaters) is just over $50!  In Vegas!  That leaves plenty of budget to give back to the gaudy places on the strip.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about Ellis Island.Yes the place is a dump, yes the location isn't the greatest, and yes the clientele can be a bit sketchy, but for the love of God I don't know what I would do without this place.I swing by Ellis once a week and get my grub on, the steak special $6.99 is great, it's not the best cut of meat in town, but it's good, and it comes with you choice of potato, a veggie (usually green beans), and a salad, plus a beer or rootbeer.I am also going to let you in on a little secret that may or may not have been mentioned, get there before keno starts and you can order food at the bar in the keno lounge. There are only 9 or so seats at the bar and I don't know if you can order from the tables, but if you are dining solo you can skip the 30+ min wait for the cafe and order at the bar.I can also not forget the Beer, I am a beer guy, I have drank my share of beer across this nation, while the beer at Ellis isn't in my top 5, hell probably not in my top 10, I will say it's good, and hell it's CHEAP!!! $1.75 for a draft before 9:00, you can't beat that with a stick. Another insider tip, try the heffy with about 1/3 of the stout on top of it, TRUST ME YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!I have always wanted to try Metro Pizza, and I have heard many a good thing about the BBQ there, but honestly I never stray from the steak special...is there a need to???
4	Went here around 3am to try the $6.99 steak special, but I ended up getting a crazy customized 1/2lb angus burger instead. They got everything right except for the sauteed mushrooms which were absent. Burger was tasty though. So was the homemade rootbeer.  Its no Devil's Canyon Brewery rootbeer, but it was better than store bought.  Would love to come here again to try the steak special (which the lady got and enjoyed) and taste their various beers.  And our waitress and host were very attentive and nice. Clientele is very mixed...
4	Thank you fellow Yelpers! I would never have found such a goldmine of a restaurant had it not been for you. Yeah, the casino is a little dive, but I like these type of places. I ate here twice (once for breakfast, once for a late night dinner). The food was incredible for what they charge you. The corned beef hash that I ordered for breakfast was a little salty but good. It came with two eggs, fantastic potatoes, and toast for $5.99. Seriously?! The sirloin special for $6.99 was so worth a second meal here. When my bf suggested this place for a late night dinner after seeing The Phantom, I secretly did a happy, little dance. This is the type of Old-School Vegas that I miss. Great food, cheap prices. Anyway, the dinner came with a gorgeous, fresh salad (the blue cheese was yummy), string beans, potato, and a beer from their brewery or rootbeer. I ordered the hefeweizen and I think that it was probably the best hefeweizen that I have ever had. Our bill for 2 was $15 bucks. Can't beat that!!! Love, love love it!
3	When down on luck and not wanting to break the bank on a $30 buffet one can assuage fears of poverty by eating a $6.99 steak dinner with hand crafted beer and then getting another brew for only $1.50.  My only qualm is that the entire breakfast menu is no longer 24 hours, which makes for a sad me when I went with hopes of a crispy chicken fried steak and eggs at 3 in the afternoon.  Mind you I haven't been here in a year or so, and have no idea when this changed, there are still 3 breakfast specials you can choose all day.
5	Definitely highly recommended!  if you read this then you should go, no 2nd thoughts!  trust me!!!  just ask for the $6.99 special, it isnt listed on the menu but for that much you cant go wrong with the tall beer, salad, steak and potatoes.   The only downside is the wait can get long so dont lose all your money in the slot, but that could be a plus if you win like we did.  :)
4	great prime rib for an affordable price!taxied to ellis island on an empty stomach for a late lunch, but encountered a delay caused by the wait in the restaurant. the hostess said the wait would be approximately 45 mins, but we were seated within 25- 30 mins. i ordered the prime rib that came with the salad, root beer, mash potatoes and string beans. everything was so heavenly. AH! i was really glad my sister recommended this place to eat in LV. the place does look a tad bit shabby, since its not a renovating casino, with a modern outlook, but that's alright, because the food makes up for it! it's nice knowing this place is 24/7, so totally great for after hour eats. definitely coming back when i want some good prime rib without the excessive price.FYI: taxis don't swing by this location very often, so we had to go the help desk to call for a taxi. when our taxi came, another group attacked the car and stole it from us! so we had to tell the workers again. wasn't so bad since the taxis were prompt.
5	I have always made an effort to stop by here at least once on my Las Vegas trips. My friend told me about this place a few years ago and is one of the go to restaurants for the locals. There is usually a half an hour wait during peak dinner times. Just something to keep in mind before coming here.I always get the $6.99 steak special which is a top sirloin filet cut which comes with soup or salad and a huge glass of brew! Very awesome deal for sure! A must try spot for cheap and most importantly a good steak in Las Vegas!
2	Traditional American style food. For the price, I'm really not impressed with it. Didn't get a chance to try the brews though, and that seems to be their specialty.
3	Had steak dinner the first time; ribs the second time.  The steak special was better.  Pretty good cut of meat, very generous for the price.  Salad was basic iceberg lettuce, tomato.  None of the dressings are good, so order it on the side.  Rib dinner kinda sucked.  Ribs were mostly flavorless and not smoky.  Corn was mushy and not worth eating.  Bread was carelessly burned and barely passable. Beans and slaw nothing to write home about.  Beer is cold, but not very good.  Beer snobs will not be impressed.  BUT THE PRICE IS UNBELIEVABLE.  1 star for service, 2 stars for food, 5 stars for value.  Avg: 3.
4	4.99 breakfast steak and eggs.6.99? dinner steak, potatos, soup, and beerService is good, line/wait time can be pretty bad at times, but for the value, great!The dinner steak was alot better of a cut, and with medium rare, just right!  They don't season the steak, but still doable for me.Chicken fried steak was really good as well, that gravy is so good.I like the karaoke/bar lounge they have, big booths, laid back, and sports showing on the tv's.$5 dollar blackjack.
4	Hm.. I couldn't help reading all the reviews of $6.99 top sirloin steak (with baked potato, green beans and root beer) so I had to try this out.   Steak was hmm.. quality you'd get at costco (by the way, no matter how you order it, it comes out the same way), baked potato and beans you'd also be able to get at costco and the root beer was one of the highlights.   It isn't carbonated and room temperature.  My guess is that they brewed it themselves (they're supposed to be the #1 microbrewery in NV).  Personally, I liked the root beer and they put it in a beer glass so you don't look like you're wimping out.   Place is a bit ehhhh, the place is just called "restaurant" (straight ahead of the entrance and oh yeah... $6.99 deal is not on the menu.. just ask for it) and service is HORRIBLE.     All in all... don't expect fancy or unique... just good value and cheap!
4	Usually, I steer clear of Vegas casinos that offer $12.99 prime rib dinners (don't you?). But lucky for us, Ellis Island is not your usual Vegas haunt - it's off the strip, frequented by locals and such an amazing value.  Food: Probably best value in town.-Beers: $1.50 beers 24/7 from their microbrewery. What a steal!-Prime Rib: Thick cut of juicy, fatty prime rib with jous. Comes with string beans, baked potato, simple salad, and beer(!). Quite possibly the best meal I've had for $12.99.-Steak & Eggs: Huge piece of sirloin with eggs and breakfast potatoes. Sirloin was not seasoned and actually too tough for my taste. But it was $10 so imperfections are forgivable.Wait: I called around 7pm on a Friday and they told me the wait would be about an hour. When I asked when they'd slow down, they said 3pm-4pm or  midnight. ;) Needless to say, expect a long wait on weekend nights. Atmosphere: Feels like a family diner. Friendly quick service.Casino: Great way to kill time and lose money. $5 blackjack. Slot machines galore. Don't get suckered in like we did. They let you sit at the slot machines even if you're not playing. And there's a small bar where you can watch the game for free. ;) Oh and you can hear your number called from anywhere in the casino.
5	There are two restaurants here, we went to the BBQ in the front of the casino. EXCELLENT and a GREAT PRICE!Baby back ribs are fall off the bone tender and sauce is not too sweet, with a little kick. At $11.99 (with players card) a full rack! Microbrew beer $1.50, other drinks including Rootbeer $1.00.
4	Great "after the club" food.  After drinking and partying on the strip, head over to Ellis island for their 4.99 steak and eggs graveyard special.  It ain't no ruth's chris steakhouse but not bad for $4.99.  Actually not bad for $7.99 either. *4.99 steak and eggs is only available after 11 pm and is not on the menu
5	omfg....lorilla men...you are my life savers.this is an awesome place. a while rack of delicious ribs for UNDER $15. hell under $12. the ribs come slathered in sauce and with garlic bread, beans, and corn. surprisingly i ate most of my whole rack. the bf got the chicken. i could have cared less about the chicken. it's the ribs! i'm looking forward to the next time i'm in vegas for ribs!! oh and root beer!
4	More like 3.5 stars, but I'll give it a 4 since they have cheap beer.The $6.99 steak dinner that everyone talks about on here no longer comes with the free beer I'm afraid, but it's still pretty good for the price. Plus, the huge 20 oz. beers are only $1.50 at the bar, $2.00 in the restaurant, pocket change really.Decent quality food (comparable to your neighborhood grill), not a very fancy establishment, but service is quick & waiters are friendly. The wait is usually very long, we came on a Sunday night at 8pm, were told we'd have a 1hr 20min wait, but ended up getting seated around 8:45pm. It goes by quick if you grab a beer at the bar & play some video poker.Definitely worth it if you can't resist a good deal!
5	medium rare - checkedover easy eggs - checkedrye toast - checkedahh back in vegas again! yup! My first stop - ellis island for some cheap and good food. I didn't order their $6.99 special this time... i wanted something smaller since i'll be going to Hikari restaurant for dinner..so i ordered the steak and eggs for $4.99.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=T0tlrDm-2f3IxYfMPBBlswsatisfied tummy - checked checked
4	Awesome BBQ! If the wait is too long and you're not in the mood for blackjack, the $7 steak dinner is a deal and a half. Try the Heifeweizen.
5	If your in Vegas on a budget or not you must stop by Ellis Island and have a prime rib dinner and their home brew!   You can't beat their 24/7 prices and friendly service. The food is not OMG but its f---ing great! Tu-Pac got shot in front of this place so make sure you pour one on the street for him.
4	This place gets 4 stars because it makes my husband happy.After finding this little place and doing a little research, he decided we had to stop in for breakfast during our recent trip to Vegas. You know a place is gonna be good when you hear this exchange between a waitress and the host: "Take them to table 8." "That table is wobbly." "Well put a book under it!" Awesome.After a very short wait we were seated. I didn't expect this place to be as busy as it was at 8:30 on a Sunday morning! Our waitress was very nice and efficient. I just had eggs with potatoes and toast, and for $3.99 its as good a simple breakfast as you could get anywhere else. My husband had their "special" which was steak and eggs for $5.99, plus their house beer for $2. I think its the cheap beer that he was in love with the most, never mind that it was 8:30 in the morning. My sister had the corned beef hash and eggs, and she gave it a good review. The casino isn't much to talk about, but we were just here for the food anyway. The prices can't be beat and the quality is decent. We'll definitely be back.
5	My Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! The BBQ Ribs are phenomenal, along with the $1 beers. Such a great Brewery!!!
4	Best ribs in Vegas! Locals favorite. Microbrews for $1.50 and they are really good. The only reason I did not give 5 full stars is the hour to 2 hour wait to get a seat, as I said... locals favorite.
5	$6.99 yep... Steak cooked perfectly, salad, beans, bread, potato and hand crafted rootbear or beer. $6.99...Ps if you see a really nice old lady by herself please join her for dinner, she is super nice. Her name is Jean and tell her Daren from Arizona said hello.
4	We ate here two times on our most recent trip to Las Vegas.  Ellis Island has great nightly specials (seemed to run at about $5.99) along with their well-known steak special ($6.99).  We sample the steak special, a half chicken special, a fried chicken special, and the fish and chips.  I love that the steak special comes with a house brew, I had the light lager and it was good.  It's nice when you can find a microbrew for $2 also.  If you have a car, stop by Ellis Island.  Be warned the second night we had about a 45 minute wait, and as with most Vegas eateries don't expect 4 star service, all the places seem to need to double their wait staff.
5	Definitely part of the Vegas experience: $12.99 prime rib (cooked just right) w/ horseradish cream, buttered green beans, iceberg lettuce salad with croutons and ranch, fries, & a beer... it doesn't get better than this. Located just off the strip (1 long city block behind Bally's) it's definitely worth the trek. It's got the diner feel with the crimson booth seating to match. Quick efficient service (check comes out with your meat!), competitive prices, and satisfying portions. And, they brew their own beer. Awesome!We went on a Monday around noon-- no wait whatsoever, but the place was still pretty packed.
3	How can you not like Ellis Island, its next to the worlds largest Super 8 for gods sake. Cheap eats, ridiculous Karaoke, and cheap beer i mean seriously people this is a must do for the budget minded person in Vegas. I personally have the steak special at least once a month for $6.99 for lunch since my office is close. Its not the greatest cut of meat in the world but its decent, i get the mashed potatoes because i like the gravy and then the obvious green beans that are quite tasty. I dont drink beer but hear that its quite tasty but the root beer seems to be on point when i have it with my meal. Aside from the steak special you can find graveyard breakfast specials as well and they even have a daily menu on the chalkboard at the entrance of the place. Dont expect to have a gourmet meal on this menu but its decent hardy food at VERY affordable prices and you will leave full. I look forward to trying the ribs that everybody is talking about. And if there is a guy on stage getting way into singing "eye of the tiger" during Karaoke, tips are appreciated... thank you.
4	It can't get any better than 4.99 steak and eggs..especially after a long night of dancing and drinking on the strip. I haven't tried anything else besides the steak special, but I definitely want to try this place out during lunchtime the next time I am in town. You might not be a winner coming out of the casino but you're always a winner here haha :D
4	How can you go wrong with $6.99 steak special with buttery green beans, garlic mashed taterz and your choice of 4 award winning beers?Delicious food for seriously great value.  Totally worth wandering off the strip and into the ghetto Vegas boonies for breaky/lunchy/dinny/4th mealy.  They also have $10.99 Chinese/Italian/Mexican food specials on random nights of the week.  Lost 1 star because of the hour long wait...but with their fabulous prices, it's no wonder they're so popular!
5	Ellis Island is one of my favorites!I've been going there for years, so I figure its time I review it.  Last night we went there for the BBQ which is always awesome & a great price, especially if you have a club card. BEWARE the wait for the BBQ is usually at least an hour , but well worth it. We past the time at the bar enjoying the house brews which are $1.50 each....as if that weren't enough, the people watching there is outstanding (I'll leave it at that). After being seated we ordered the full rack of ribs & the half ribs half chicken combo. It was amazing as usual (best BBQ in town if you ask me). Both dishes came with 2 pieces of corn on the cob, a small side of cold slaw, small side of baked beans & 2 slices of garlic toast. The plates are actually turkey platters, and I've yet to see someone empty their plate. It was more than we could eat and enough for a meal the next day. The best part is our bill was only $23!  Who can beat that! All in all I truly recommend it to everyone that visits.
5	10 oz steak, baked potatoe, green beens, soup or salad, AND a beer for $6.99!!! The steak was deliciously cooked, our waiter was very friendly, our food came out quickly...can't get any better than this!On a sad note, 2pac was killed at this intersection....pour out a little liquor for him
5	We decided to hit this place up after reading the reviews.  When my husband and I arrived at Ellis Island Casino and Brewery, we were not aware that there are 2 different dining areas.  There is a BBQ restaurant by the door and a restaurant towards the back of the casino.  The BBQ restaurant is to the immediate left of the front door.  There is an inside and an outside seating area.  If it is really cold and windy outside, do not expect to be able to change your seating to the inside immediately.  The host will re-list you at the end of the list for inside seating.  Many tables of people complained and asked to be reseated inside but it was not happening.The BBQ menu has two separate prices- it is cheaper when you join your player's club.  Just put your name on the list and go sign up for the player's club.  After 24 hours, they even give you a $10 match play.  The BBQ menu consists of a small menu or chicken, beef or ribs and the estimated wait for us was 1 hour and 40 minutes.  Get there early, place your name on the list and wait.  It will be totally worth it!  We were hooked and had to come back the next day to patronize the restaurant.At the restaurant, the $6.99 steak special is served with a side salad and your choice of fries/mashed potatoes/baked potato was also worth the 40 minute wait.  We found the karaoke room by the restaurant and parked our asses in the seats so there was no temptation to keep gambling until your number is called.  Remember to ask for your dressing on the side, the kitchen just ladled a ton onto our salad.  It almost looked like a stew when we got it. While you are waiting, get one of their special brews for only $1.50 at the bar!!!!  The dark beer was one of the best that I have ever had and I managed to have 4 before I was able to be seated for dinner.  I am definitely coming back here the next time I am in Vegas.  Both meals have beat out any buffet that I have had at the Bellagio.
4	I'll happily skip the restaurant, but the brews and BBQ? Those hit the spot. Great deals on a full rack of ribs and EIB Hefe is my favorite.The BBQ Patio doesn't seat many and it's popular, be prepared to wait.... an hour or more during peak times.
5	I give this 5 stars because from what I can remember, my experience was excellent, It was also an experience that I had inebriated and at 4am, but hey! those are only minor details. This would probably not be the same review my girls would write, as they watched me devour a plate of french toast, eggs and sausage with a face as if they had just walked out of a Andy Gump, but hey, this is my review right! right?!?Vegas is full or restaurants, fancy pancy ones and the ones you can just go get what you want,  lights are dim, food concentration type of joints. I will definitely return to this establishment on my next 4-5am missions in Vegas.
3	A short jaunt behind Bally's for $6.99 for soup or salad, sirloin + garlicky green beans + a potato side, a beer in a cute skinny glass (pilsner shaped but taller), and sourdough bread rolls. 2 people could definitely share one special. Had the hefe and the amber ale, they were both just okay. The BF kept insisting that the amber ale was stronger than usual, but I think his stomach was just empty.Around 3pm we got in the restaurant with no wait, but the service was also pretty slow. We wanted to get to the casino!One roulette ($4 min), one BJ table. Couple variety of slots that weren't bad. They don't give you your $10 in free play until 24 hrs later, forcing you to return. Also, "5x" points is really the lowest denominator of points since they have 5-12x points everyday of the week. Meh.
4	Damn... so here's the back story. A couple friends and I decided to go to Vegas for the night (we're from LA, so it's quite a drive). I DDed, so it was not as fun for me as it was for them, but f*** it, it's still Vegas. We were hungry around 3AM (after several hours of gambling and partying) and heard about this place. We yelped it and decided to give it a go.It was totally worth yelping--it turns out there's a special not on the menu. Two, actually. (The actual menu isn't bad, and is still relatively inexpensive, but damn... these off the menu specials are where it's at.) One is steak and eggs (with toast and potatoes), which I got for $5. The other is (as mentioned below) steak with soup, sides, and a beer for only $7! The beer is a full pint (which I would have gotten if not DD), and seemed worth it to my friends (there are several options of house beers on tap). I can say that I was pleased with my choice (mediocre steak, but for $5, totally worth it). It truly hit the spot--I can only imagine coming here to eat it as drunk food. Honesty, I'd probably have given it another star if I was drunk.The only downside was the service. It was friendly, yet very slow. It took  maybe 10 minutes to get seated (even though there are empty tables, I think they limit the number of people eating because they don't have enough servers). It also took a while to get the food (but service was attentive when it came). So like aforementioned, if drunk and time were to have flown by, I'd probably have cared a whole lot less. All in all, I'm coming back here again. Though the next time, I'm gonna be F-ed up. And it's going to be amazing.
4	If you have atleast an hour maybe two before you want to eat then Ellis Island is definitely a good place to go for some good, cheap grub. We went here three times during our four days in Vegas and finally decided to wait on the last night. They put us on the list and we were number 73 and that it would be a 45 minute wait... As soon as I put my name on the list they called out numbers 32, 33, and 34. My husband wanted ribs so we decided to go get him ribs over at the BBQ spot since we had so much time to wait. Well they told u. s it would be an hour and a half. Instead he decided he would eat at the other restaurant with me. After gambling for abput an hour we finally heard our number so we went over to the restaurant and were seated. Our waiter seemed a little slow (and I don't only mean his speed) but we read the menu and were happy to see such a great selection and great prices. I ordered the club sandwich which was delicious and my husband ordered the chicken fried steak which was actually pork. He was aprehensible at first but decided to go with it anyways and he loved it. He kept saying how full he was then he would take another bite until the whole thing was gone. The food was good but I also think the down to earth atmosphere made our time at ellis island and enjoyable experience.
4	I had always heard of this place, but never was adventurous enough to actually go in... until last Friday, and wow, has my world changed.It's basically a whole in the wall behind the strip - a place for locals, most definitely, but as shady and old as it looks, they sure do have one hell of a deal! Although not on the menu, and you may have to ask your waiter, there is a steak dinner for 6.99 or a steak breakfast for 4.99.  Breakfast comes with the steak, eggs, hash browns and toast.  Dinner comes with your choice of french fries/mashed potatoes/baked potatoes, side of greens, soup, steak and a pint of their house beer.  TOTALLY EFFIN' WORTH IT! The steak itself was pretty decent, considering the price.  It's definitely around the Denny's quality, but slightly better in taste and significantly better in price.Service was a bit slow, and it definitely seemed like there was only one cook in the back, but the staff is very friendly.  Our waitress in particular was very attentive and accommodating.  My drunk friends and I were definitely not the most... polite guests.  We were definitely quite loud and obnoxious for those around us, actually, but she was really sweet, made sure not to sit anyone near us, and even fulfilled my bizarre request for Lemonade and my favorite Vodka - Stolichnaya.  As strange as it was, not only did she bring it out, but also brought out an extra glass of lemonade. :] It turned out I really needed it because there was definitely more than just a shot in there... and the best part is, she only charged me for a shot! :D Good deal. Good people. I'm definitely coming back again.
5	I was not full of expectations when I see that a full prime rib dinner is going for $12.99, including a glass of beer.  We're lodging on the 'Strip and this casino reminds me of the places that handle the overflow and lo-rollers on the weekends.Ellis Island has two restaurants on the floor.  One is the excellent rib joint/brewery where you can't take your kids into.  The 24/7 restaurant allows minors and offers the awesome prime rib special.  I challenge you to find a better value and great tasting prime rib at this price.No reservations, but free parking.  Viva Ellis Island, I will be back.
4	So I'm at Road Runner for breakfast yesterday morning and the bartender, Blaine, told me this place is the bomb, so since I was in the hood and it's been 4 hours since I had sushi at Sushi Fever the Beast needs to feast! Blaine is no stranger to rough neighborhoods as a former person that would be in the know for a major player on the strip (didn't ask, just gettin some grub after my 5 am Spin and 1600 swim). Wow I must remember this is not about me).  Blaine warned me this is not a place you want to be after the witching hour as it's a nightly "Pimps and Ho's event with the Varsity players and from the size of the massive and abundant security staff there, I'd say there may be some validity to B's warning.)So I walk in, it's Friday, good foot traffic; not the Beemer crowd but nice, down to earth folks. ie, as I was cruisin the lot for a parking spot a guy flagged me down to let me know he's leaving. Nice, right? Anyway, it's a brewery and casino but the smoke wasn't bad; noticeable but not sinus hair burning. I don't normally drink, but wanted to sample one of their homemade brews.  I ordered a "Light" and it was very good.  I light the refreshing qualities of a Pilsner.  Went really well with the food I'm about to drop the 411 on yah.The "restaurant" has limited fare. Don't expect to find lettuce or tofu here. This is pure Saturday afternoon, college tailgating, pig and yard bird BBQ. Carnivore City baby.You walk in the front, turn right, pass the bar and you're there. Easy to find. On the Host's stand the menu offers a full rack of ribs, a half rack, a half chicken, or the combo. Comes with corn on the cob, baked beans and bread that I saw them grill... Pavlovian moment here; excuse me.  Awww SNAP!!! It's F Bombing here!!! Gotta get my grub on! BRB! Dang!...Okay, I have nothing else to add here. It's as if I got choked out by a Gracie and when I woke up, it was over! Just a plate covered with pork and fowl bones, some fractured styrofoam containers and my stuffed belly causin' chaos with my gig line.  (a gig line is the line created by your pants zipper, belt buckle and shirt buttons). In the afterglow... Please bear with me. I need to cuddle and spoon now. Wow that was good! He'll, it's was fantastic. Filling, hot, flavorful, and NO processed food at all. Good stuff Maynard!   Don't geddit twisted, it's not the Meaa Grille but it got down Charlie Brown! I started with the chicken. The meat was smokey, moist, tender, succulent, full of flavor, not just from the Q but the actual bird was tasty... Scratch "moist", let's use "juicey" here. Left the breast to simmer as I hear the half rack of babybacks a callin... Here Mikey, Mikey, Mikey, Mikey!!! The rib meat came off the bone easily, but not over done. They had the perfect texture and M E A T Y!!! Wooo hooo, they were thick! The sauce was tangy with a molasses/vinegar twang. Kept dippin' into the side sauce provided.  Good grub!The beans weren't of the sweet variety but more savory. I like em.The Cole slaw was cold, crispy, and tangy without the overwhleming slipperiness brought on by excessive mayo... I liked it! You get a whole cob of corn! It's a bit over done for my taste, but it's not my house. It was good though. Did not have butter which amazes me.  Grilled sourdough. Do I really need to say anything? I do wish they'd slather some garlic and olive oil on it though. If you want to pig out on the cheap with some great food, you gotta get down at the Island, but before the witching hour, okay?PS...if you apply for a free Player's Club Card you get $10 to gamble and a discount on your meal.Enjoy!  Chow!
5	I love the BBQ deal here! 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 chicken for $9! Go early and expect an hour wait. It's worth it. The ribs are cooked to perfection, and the sauce is excellent. They have a master griller of sorts out back who cooks everything on a giant long grill to the delight of the outdoor customers. (Beer is $1.50; I didn't drink this time).Also, don't get stuck playing blackjack...especially if you're a terrible gambler like me. That $9 meal will turn into $35 quicker than you can say 'hit me'.
3	Hit or Miss. The place itself- the casino, the atmosphere, the restaurant- is a dive/dump and very old. I came here twice on my recent business trip to Vegas. The first night was impressive- delicious steak dinner with excellent salad, sides, etc. The second visit the food was not so good- overcooked steak, extremely slow service (30 minutes to get our drinks) even after me going up to the server 3 different times while being polite saying 'hey, we're still waiting for our drinks... should we just go up to the bar?' She only had 4 tables to service and was the slowest and most inefficient server I've ever had in my life lol. Based on feedback from my friends and other reviews- I guess this is a hit or miss place. Even though it's an incredible food deal, I don't know if I'll be back if ever in Vegas again because the wait/service is terrible.
4	Proof that Vegas is worth saving when the asteroid hits in 2012.  Local's Vegas, Old school Vegas.  Seedy Vegas.  I love it.  Affordable, real, interesting.  Get the secret steak special with BIG beers, two eat for $20.  Steak's good, ambience is locals enjoying the real deal - check out the Age of Sail Battle paintings in the restaurant.  The line at the hostess says it all.
5	Seriousy, best root beer ever. I had been smacking my lips all through La Reve thinking about our post-show root beer. I thought maybe the hype was too much, that I would be completely underwhelmed at my first sip.I wasn't. It is still just as good as the hype I had in my mind. The bf and I actually took some of it to go for our drive home before we left.
4	WOW... Definitely check this place out for a cheap steak dinner, 24 hours a day.Ellis Island has one poppin' deal for late night-ers that may have lost a bit of money on slots and can't afford the $9.99 prime rib dinners in other restaurants.This small casino & restaurant is hidden behind the strip, but completely worth the visit (I actually find adventures away from the strip to be much more worthwhile, esp. after you've seen the touristy parts of Las Vegas).  Small but cozy; I definitely saw a lot of tourists and locals inside.The real winner of Ellis Island's restaurant is the $4.99 steak and eggs dinner, and the $6.99 steak dinner.  They're not listed on the menu, but ask them for it!  The steak dinner includes their soup of the day, a choice of sides including fries/mashed potatoes/baked potato, and greens.  The steak is cooked to your desire (medium-rare all the way baby!), and to top it off... you get a pint of one of their house beers!  $7 meal... TOTALLY WORTH IT!My friends and I also celebrated our friends birthday and got a brownie drowned in ice cream with a candle on top.  Service itself was slow when I went, but it may have just been that evening.Parking is limited in front.  Street parking is available as well.
4	Best Bang for the Buck! In 8 years of living in Vegas, I never knew about this place until my out-of-town co-workers told me about it. It's OLD SCHOOL, smokey and all (which blows). It's behind Ballys on Koval, next to a convenience store. It looked far worse than I had imagined, but the food was far superior than I had expected.There are two restaurants: The standard and the BBQ. From the regular restaurant, you can get a steak dinner (beer included) for $6.50. I haven't had it myself, but my Dutch co-worker kept raving about the filet mignon he got for $7. He told me, "That was the BEST filet I've ever had!" (and he's an older dude who's been around the world a few times). The menu there had all the usual suspects from big breakfasts to big dinners of all kinds.I went to the BBQ joint for the 1/2 rack baby back ribs $7 and decided to add 1/2 BBQ Chicken for $2 more (beer NOT included). But their homebrew in a tall pilsner is only $1.50. Their amber was nutty and refreshing. The guy manning the BBQ pit told me they pressure cook the ribs for over 2 hrs so it falls off the bone, then he finishes it off over the flames with sauce. It came with 2 corns on the cob, slaw, beans, and toast. (see pic).If you're sick of being gouged on The Strip, then walk a block on Flamingo to Koval, and enjoy how Vegas used to be... cheap!
4	$6.99 sirloin cut steak + soup or salad + baked potato or mashed potato + steamed veggies + microbrew beer = kick butt awesome.  This is a dive casino and restaurant; located one block off from the strip by Flamingo road.  This place is for locals and you aren't going to find people in here dressed to go to TAO or JET.  What you will find is a relaxing atmosphere with lots of locals singing karaoke in the bar and gambling in the casino.  The steak dinner is not on the menu so you have to let the waiter or waitress know that you want the steak dinner special.  The place is open 24 hours and it was so good that I came here twice on my recent trip.  Ps.  I also found out that they have a $4.99 steak and egg special as well and it's not on the menu either.  Another plus was that I also won meals for both me and my better half on our second visit after the club at 2AM.
3	I went back and ordered the same thing, but this time, my steak was overcooked.  I'm thinking that the cook is a hit or miss kind of thing. :[ Hopefully next time will be better. (And yes, I would still go back another time - it's a deal that can't be passed up!)
3	Sighs I think they place may be overhyped. We came here expecting amazing steak and eggs at an amazing price. =/ The food was alright, you kinda get what you pay for and that's what we got.
5	I like this place! The food is cheap, and it's pretty good!I got the country fried chicken, which by the way I love!There was so much, I couldn't finish it! The prices are pretty good!I just wish we didn't have to pay for the other couple who came along, because they were broke! UGH! I would love to come back here!By the way, this restuarant is kind of hidden. That's what I thought when we got there. It's located in the back of the strip. If that makes any sense.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas!!!! Get here early( it starts st 4) the line gets long. Pizza was good the one time I had it while doing karaoke but that was after 244 beers!!!!
4	Ok the 6.99 steak special makes this hole in the wall a fantastic choice! You get a great lean steak, soup or salad, baked potato, green beans, and a freshly brewed beer or rootbeer. You would think at this price the food would be horrible but the exact opposite is true. The steak is lean and delicious and the microbrew beer and rootbeer are amazing! It is a must visit while in las vegas!! Plus hearing the karaoke from the next room is a glorious touch!
4	As an update: I come back here all the time... I've been back 2/3 times since I've been back to Vegas. The $10 promotional play for joining their player's club, you have to wait 24 hours for to be in effect. The $5 steak and eggs dinner is their graveyard special (so only in effect after midnight), but their $7 steak dinner is all the time. Still, highly recommended and I'm going to have to come back to use my slot play.
4	This place has all things i look for in a restaurant1. Super-duper-cheap2. GoodNow they have a restaurant and a BBQ pit. This review is for the BBQ pit. There are only 3 things on the menu half rack, full rack, or combo half rack and chicken. I always share the combo and it only 8.99 for giant proportions. Now realistically, taste wise its only a 3 on the bbq scale of things, but 8.99 for 2 people?!?!?!?!?! thats always 5 star in my book.
3	Came here in the middle of the night of hungery since our party didn't have time to grub. After a long day seeing ferrets at the pet store, winning stuffed amimals at circus circus, watching KA, and clubbing at Tryst, we were spent. TASTE:This time around I got the steak and eggs (when I was sober). The meat was overcooked. Next time I will definitely order it a little less under cooked than I want it. Eggs and buttered toast went Down deliciously. Sadly they wouldn't do take out so we couldn't bring food back for other people.The steak speical with a beer is definitely worth it. I think the food tastes better when your buzzed or when your taste buds ae numed.  SERVICE:The waiter wasn't that bad. Just their no take out was a bummer. And our dd couldn't subsitute a beer for a coke. Only the root beer that wasn't very carbonated and was overly sweet. We didn't have to wait at all this time to get seated. I guess 1 am in the morning is still early for a midnight dinner. AMBIANCE:Can't complain. Downside is that the restroom is outside on the casino so you have to walk out if you need to tinkle. For the price you pay and the awesome hours they're open, this place is a drunken treasure.
4	For the price, this place cannot be beat.  My gf ordered the steak dinner special for $6.99 (steak, baked potato, green beans, salad, and root beer or beer).  What a deal!!!  I ordered the King Cut Prime Rib special for $12.99.  The horseradish sauce and au jus were great!  The prime rib was medium-rare just like I requested.  It was delicious overall.Next time I'm trying the ribs since everyone says they are worth it!Ellis Island is a must-stop whenever I'm in Vegas.... soooo worth it!!
4	About 5 years ago, it there used to be $4.95 Steak w/ Root Beer at the restaurant and BBQ had $6.95 BBQ Deal raised prices since I was last there but it's a steal with the amount of food you get. They also brew their own beer and sell them at $1 each!I fee so bad for the Waiters/ Waitresses, they're always busy no matter the time or day. So if you're coming here on an empty stomach, be prepared, sometimes you can wait for a couple hours. We end up at the table games to pass up the time.It's a small, old casino, most of the people that go there are locals and a small number of tourists. No glitz or glamour here but good food and great service.
4	Good God, this was a great breakfast experience!  Biscuits & Gravy, potatoes, bacon.  I even got a hot chocolate to boot.  I thoroughly enjoyed my food.  The prices are real cheap and the portions are real big, not to mention awesome greasy spoon fare.  My dining companions raved about the steak special and they say the meat is good too.  Plus a brewery that has good beer too!  You would never know that so much good stuff is in this place.  It pays to get off the strip!Why the 4 stars instead of the whole she-bang!?  One - I could not swap the ham for bacon on the Biscuits & Gravy special plate.  Okay, fine.  I ordered the items I really wanted separately and the price cost the same as the special.  But hey, I wanted the swap.  Two - our waitress was not very attentive.  It was a busy morning, so I will not go too hard on her, but getting a glass of water and getting plates cleared was just not happening that morning.  Oh well.I will be back, that is for damn sure.  Bring on the gravy!!!
4	This review is for the 24hr restaurant only!   The casino itself kinda sucks.... poor slot machine selection!  lol.Came here today around 7pm...  was told the wait would be about 45 min, although we were probably seated about 25 min later.  My friend and I both went with the steak special for $6.99.   Normally I'm bit of a steak snob...  and would never consider eating something like this...  I am of the opinion you can make as good or better steak at home than most restaurants (except the really good ones of course) serve for about $25.  I refuse to eat steak at places like Outback for example...  However for $6.99, who cares if it sucks.  So, I went with the steak, medium-rare, baked potato, side salad and a root beer.  Salad was very basic...  but fresh and pretty good actually.  Root beer was delicious.  And the steak was actually pretty good.  It's a really thick cut sirlion, probably about in the 8 oz. range.  Was cooked pretty much how I ordered it (was actually kind of surprised they didn't overcook it more).  Baked potato was good and the green beens that came with it weren't bad either.  For the price this really is a great meal.  You'd probably pay at least $15 for something similar at most "cheaper" restaurants, and it probably wouldn't be as good.  And they have both A-1 and heinz steak sauce if you so desire.  I'd definitely recommend ordering it mid-rare.... any more done and it would probably be a little tough...  My friend went with the light beer instead of root beer... and thought it was awful...lol.  I didn't try it...  but maybe he just has something against light beers.
5	5 Stars for probably the best deal this side of Las Vegas!!!$6.99 will get you a steak, bake potato, salad and a beer!!! I think I've just struck the jackpot!Okay, I know it's a little off the strip, but easy walking distance from Bally's! The look of the place time warps me back to the 1980's with horrible decor and lighting. Ewe! But when you're down to eat a $6.99 steak deal you're not there for the aesthetic beauty of the place or lack there of, you're there for the meat and beer! For those reviews that state that beer is not included, this is not correct. BEER IS STILL INCLUDED FOR THE $6.99 STEAK DINNER!!! Yipe!!! So...$500 bottle service at Vanity$150 3-course dinner for two at Stripsteak$1000+ gambling But, a $6.99 steak dinner is priceless!!!
5	A well known secret is really not a secret right??  The best BBQ in the planet, other than my brother's because he has his own secret recipe and I am not telling anyone  ;)Starting @ 4:30 and closing @ 10PM, the Ellis Island BBQ has a long well worth wait!!!  I always order the 1/2 BBQ chicken and 1/2 rack ribs combo. For 10.99 you also get potatoes, corn on the cob and cole slaw with an extra side of Honey smoked BBQ sauce for your dipping enjoyment!!You had best believe my brother and I tore that huge plate up!!  The ladies that were with us could only partake of half their plates. So guess who had BBQ chicken and ribs for breakfast the next day!!??  ALL OF US!!!  haha I thought about taking pictures to prove how large the portions are so it well worth the 2 hour wait. The waiter was kind enough to notify us if we want to wait another hour for outside (where the grill is located and you constantly inhale the aroma) or inside where you can eat NOW!!! I chose to eat now!!!I would defintely wait the 2 hours again!!!
5	i dont drink or use drugs but i swear to you that i went to this place and i had some BOMB bbq chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, beans, coleslaw and corn on the cob for like 6 bucks. when the bill came i was confused. i am so happy that i found this place. i went back again for a second time and it was a 2.5 hour wait and people were not budging. that should tell you how good it is.
4	This was great for a change of pace.  $1.50 for their brewed beers.  My friend ordered a shot and a beer and came running over to us exclaiming "GUESS HOW MUCH THIS COST?!?!?  $4!!!!!"  AWESOME.  I ordered a vodka & soda, it was $2.50 but HORRIBLE.  Their vodka came from a gun at the bar and I just couldn't bring myself to drink it, but for $2.50 I didn't complain and just got a beer instead.  We mostly hungout in the bar and watched Karokee.  It was a good night and not even too far off the strip!
5	Where else are you going to find a deal as amazing as a $6.99 steak dinner? How about nowhere?I'm giving it 5 stars this time because our service was STELLAR. She was better than some servers I've had at 5 star restaurants. I wish that I remembered her name because she was awesome! Always filling out drinks, bussing our table, and she did it all with a smile on her face. Even when the ghetto trash in the next table was giving her a hard time about the bill. Oh yeah, food was good (again) too.
4	Where do you go when you've emptied your wallet in the club and casinos, but you want to eat like royalty for cheap? Ellis Island, of course. When I say eat like royalty I mean huge portions of meat with sides. Considering the price you are paying, it is not  fine dining quality food or ambiance. You're pretty much in a greasy diner, but hey just let that grease soak up last night's alcohol while you recover from the Vegas hangover.Watch out for wait times, especially during brunch, lunch or dinner rushes (that's a good amount of the day). Sometimes I feel like they make you wait so you're forced to play in the casino - don't fall for it! Just stand your ground and wait it out for that juicy heaping of steak you'll be getting.
4	My whole family went for the 6.99 steak dinner. Do it you won't be disappointed. You get a nice salad to start, a 10oz sirloin, a baked potato (or fries or mashed), a good portion of fresh green beans, and a 20 draft beer (brewed here).  I did notice some people were having difficulty getting their steak cooked exactly right. for instance we all ordered medium steaks, but they came medium rare. Fine for us as we usually order that way. If you need it fixed they will be happy to do it. Just don't be a freakin weanie about it (like the guy at the table next to us). It's a 6.99 steak dinner, not Ruths Chris. It's quality food and a great value for the price, Oh, the service was outstanding. Very very fast.
4	I've been to Vegas dozens of times and I can't believe I've missed this place. The $6.99 steak dinner was a great value, and I thought the steak was perfectly acceptable. The baked potato seemed like it had been cooked a week ago and reheated, but the steak made up for it. The service was good, and the parking is plentiful. This was actually the best meal I had during three days in Vegas eating at fancy places on on the strip, which is pretty sad.
4	We went here on our last day for some Breakfast. I was under the impression that you can get a Steak and Eggs Breakfast for under $4.99, but that is only offered between 11pm- 6am. Regardless, the place has pretty Good food and the Service is Friendly. Grace our Server, was very Friendly and very Comedic. The place is a Casino, but also has a BBQ restaurant and a Karaoke bar. We started off with Coffee and Fresh squeezed Orange juice. We mostly ordered the Corn Beef Hash and Eggs with Potatoes for $5.99. The in-laws ordered the Short stack Buttermilk for $3.99. My Brother ordered the Italian Sausage which was a little "Spicy". All the food came out pretty quick, and as I mentioned before; it was very Good. There are Daily Specials like Asian Night on Thursday and Italian Night where they offer specific Menu choices and Themes. I was happy I got a chance to try out their Breakfast, but will look forward to try some of their other Menu items.
5	Best Value in Vegas.   A trip to Vegas isn't complete without stopping in to Ellis Island.  The BBQ is excellent, but be warned, a wait of 2 hours + is not uncommon....but hey you are in Vegas, put your name in and head for the tables.The Steak special is also really good, $6.99 comes with potato, garlic green beans and sald...AND a beer.  No place in Vegas even comes close to Ellis Island when it comes to value.  Is it the best steak you have ever eaten?  No...but is it the best steak dinner under $20 you will get?  Absolutely.  An additional note...cocktail service at the tables and slots is also very good.
4	As many times as I have gone to Las Vegas the last few years, I never managed to make time to stop at Ellis Island but this time, my friends and I made the effort before hitting the road back to LA to stop for dinner...and by far has this place topped our dining options over any other place in Vegas.  Located a few blocks away from the main strip, the gaming and dining area is fairly crowded.  Below are my pros and cons about this restaurant...with my overall review at the bottom...Pros- most delicious ribs EVER with mouth-watering beans/corn- large portions bang for the buck- fun atmosphere--very "back in the days" like theme of VegasCons- small dining area--should be bigger for the amount of people that  visit there- disorganized call-waiting system...the casino's fairly loud with all the  machine noises going on...should have something better...- gotta wait a long time before they can seat you...esp for a group of  six or moreOverallIf I had more time next time and didn't have to rush (time not being a factor), I would go for sure.  Great choice! =)
5	Still amazing!  So amazing, I ordered TWO entrees for myself at ONCE!  Yup, that's right.  I couldn't decide between the Steak and Eggs or the Shrimp Scampi so I ordered both like a fatass.  The steak and eggs came with...steak..and eggs.  Haha.  The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly with a side of crunchy potato bites.  Anyone who doesn't think all this for $5 is an amazing deal is crazy!  The shrimp scampi, described in my previous review, wasn't as great this time but still pretty good for $9.My boyfriend ordered the prime rib "special", in quotations because it's not really a special, it's just always a good deal!  I had a bite and omg, it melted in my mouth.  Friends&co got the steak sirloin deal for $6.99 and they loved it.I'm happy to say that Ellis Island has not gone downhill!  It's still a must for drunken nights after the club!  The only thing that has changed is that their table mats no longer give free $5 blackjack play.  Now you get $10 free play but only if you sign up =/  Still, I'll come for the food any day!
4	I have a thing for value and food. The 24 hour cafe restaurant inside has several items which keep bringing me back. I have been eating here for many years, after switching my regular dinner spot from Terrible's 24 hour cafe upstairs. The daily specials, such as the Sunday only spaghetti plus meatballs & soup or salad for $3.99 & the everyday 10 ounce sirloin steak with vegetables, choice of starch, soup or salad and beer or root beer for $6.99 are good choices. The beer is made on-site and it is some of the best I've had. Mae, a hostess has been great, please say Chris has sent you.The barbecue restaurant next to the cafe serves some amazing portions for the price. Bring your players card for a small discount. Be prepared to wait 30 plus minutes after ordering, everything is made to order. The beer is only $1.50 at the time of this review and can be ordered at the table or bar. The wait to get into either restaurant can be considerable, so have a friend arrive early to get a number. Tipping the host or hostess for faster entry can work, if the manager is not on top of the host.I have brought many groups of people here. It is a bit of a dive, but makes up for itself in its value. Enjoy and cheers!
5	This place is still top notch, but as of July 1st beers are now $1.75, granted the beer is still great and it's the cheapest microbrew in the city, just thought you should know.Oh and if you go try the Heffy with a splash of stout...you can thank me later
2	The food was alright here, but the wait and service was much to be desired in this grungy local eatery. The place isn't big at all, maybe seating for 25-30 altogether, but still they had this place understaffed. Seemed to me there was maybe one host/server that knew what was going on out of the 3 I saw. I think we had gotten there at 8:30 or so, thinking we'd have plenty of time before last call at 10pm, but despite getting a ticket and hearing there were only 5 parties ahead of us, we didn't get seated until about 9:55pm. Seating seemed to be haphazard, since there was no mention to us that we had the option of getting seated outside in the patio, which probably would've gotten us seated earlier. I had heard that the BBQ was some of the best and cheapest in Vegas as declared by the locals so I was eager to try it out. I think we all ordered the ribs and chicken combo plate. For $12 it is a lot of food. It's not great by any stretch but it was satisfying. Despite sitting down starving (hadn't had much of anything to eat since 11am) I still couldn't finish off the plate which still had 2 ribs and the chicken breast still leftover. The ribs were okay, not particularly tender, but I did like their BBQ sauce which was served on the side and the chicken was surprisingly juicy. I didn't get to try the beer which they brew themselves, but I hear it's pretty good and was voted one of the best places to get a cheap beer in Vegas by the local radio station (heard it on the radio the day after I was there).
5	Vegas, a city of hopeful luck, overpriced buffets, steamy madness, and ELLIS ISLAND BBQ.1. $10.99 for a HUGE slab of ribs and chicken, full with beans, corn, slaw and bread. All of the highest quality. But must show your players card. (We went around the corner and quickly signed up for one, no strings attached.)2. Didn't charge us for drinks (a beer and 2 soft drinks)All the diners were LV natives and employees. Not to mention the biggest dudes I've ever seen.I think I came out as a gambled winner.Too bad whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas. Best deal for drinks and good time. Plan to wait, but definately worth it! Microbrew is so good! Always trust a fatman when it comes to food recommendations! I stop here EVERY time I come to vegas.
4	If you're tired of over eating at a buffet then try this place.  What a great deal.  You can get a fillet steak, garlic green beans, mashed potatoes, soup or salad, and a beer or root beer for $7.  We tried the pork chops and that was really good too.  The only draw back is the wait so try to go off peak time so you don't have to wait so long for a table.
1	WTF? I always come here with a big group of friends and just yesterday, they turned us away because one of the girls with us didn't have her id to show that she was 21!!!  We told him that she doesn't drink and that we were here for the food and he was like, nope, you can't come in cause she can't prove that she's 21. Seriously, wtf?
2	According to my boyfriend, the infamous $6.99 steak special was "just ok".And, I'm pretty sure their Thousand Island dressing is what gave me the runs.  Sorry for that visual.
5	Do you like microbrews, cheap steak dinners and karaoke? i sure as shit do, and that's what makes Ellis island possibly my favorite spot in all of vegas. the beer is delicious, the steak and eggs were awesome, and everyone was having a blast singing. by the time i left, i had spent less than 30 Dollars! This place out of the way enough to keep hordes of tourists out, but close enough to not be WAY out of the way. This is where alot of the cab drivers, casino employees and other locals go to spend their money.
5	This place is as good as it gets.  Can't beat the quality steak dinner w/ free brew for $6.99.  I drink a lot of microbrews also.  This place isn't the best beer out there (although the brewery seen in Las Vegas is pretty bleak), but for the price the beer is good.  If you come in town, def make a point to stop in for the steak or BBQ ribs that fall off the bone.  5 big stars but expect to have to wait at least 1hr on weekend nights.  No problem, just pop down at a nickel machine and play some poker.
4	this place rocks cuz the food is cheap, they have specials on the board, nothing's over 10 bucks.  the 6.99 steak special is a very good value. you get soup or salad, bread, 10 oz steak  (it's not filet as advertised, maybe a sirloin), green beans, and choice of rice pilaf, fries, or baked potato (with only sour cream and butter as fixins).  overall, i gotta say the value makes the steak taste better cuz in general, i've had better, but you really can't argue about a 7 dollar steak.  you also get a free beer, choose from stout amber or wheat or rootbeer, all house brewed.  Just wanna note that the brews are just alrite, they have their characteristics but it's not outstanding (sam adams is better). not as much carbonation as i hoped and not frothy (stout).  do the counting and you get 6 things for 7 bucks.
4	This review pertains only to the BBQ.Good bbq this inexpensive can't really exist but it does.  It exists in Vegas off the Strip.I got the combo, which was half a slab of pork ribs, half a chicken, coleslaw, grilled bread, corn on the cob, and barbeque beans that were the best beans I have ever had.  Restauarants usually make them too sweet, too mushy, too runny, or too sour.  But there was the great balance of smokey and sweet that I have never had.Our waiter gave us the player's club price ($9.99) even though we didn't formally show them a member's club card, which was nice of him.  About 2-3 dollars cheaper and it's supposedly free to join.
2	For the price of $6.99, there's probably nowhere in Vegas you can beat the amount of food you get with Ellis Island's steak dinner special.  That being said, the steak I got with my dinner was terrible.  I ordered my steak medium-rare, and it came out more on the well done side of medium-well.  It was quite dry and not all that tasty.  My GF ordered her steak medium-rare as well, and her steak was actually pretty good, so maybe I got unlucky, but the chefs need to work on their consistency.  I got the lager with my dinner and it was very good.  You can't get much for seven bucks in Vegas, so I can't complain too much, but I expected at least a decent steak.
4	This casino is really small. The casino only have 2 Blackjack tables, one 3-card poker table, one crap-table and one roulette table. And the slot machines area are small too.  The sportsbook is small with very limited seatings. Your chances of winning at an aging casino is fairly in your favor. I didn't gamble at all for my second ever visit (and this year)  to Las Vegas. At least, I'm not stupid and throw my cash around prematurely. The casino is best known for their award-winning restaurant and micro-brewery...both open 24 hours. There is also a Barbecue pit outside of the casino and they sell cooked ribs, chicken and other items there. As a BBQ-lover, I wish I would've try that. The hour of operation is from 4pm-10pm. But the restaurant has a bunch of lunch specials. I had one of them, which is the Pulled Pork sandwich. Not a bad deal for $5.99, I get the tenderest pork and crunchy cole slaw in a grilled hamburger bun.  I also get a scoop of Steak Fries with my sandwich. I thought the sandwich for the price was ok. The pork was bit overly cooked and a bit too crunchy. My sandwich: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tcvXRnvQ8xtxgWgSqyTIawThe restaurant also has drink specials during the midday. I had one of them, which the Apple Martini for $3.50. The special cocktail tasted like a Green Apple Jolly Rancher. I had two of them and those two drinks messed me up quickly. My drink: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=QbYGyW5tdjiFN6dzMggHzAThe restaurant/casino is right around the corner from my hotel. If I want a quick meal, this is my place too.
4	when we walked up to it my first impression was like this is all the rage? and i was a little bummed thinking that it was going to be really smoky! but when you entered your immediately hit with the aroma of their BBQ! not dingy cigarette smoke (join their Ellis island players club and receive $3 off their BBQ plates!!) it was nearly 10p and we missed the BBQ so we trekked about 100 feet over to their village pub. there was about a 5 minute wait on saturday. when we were seated i noticed most of the people were ordering the steak special for  4.99 (includes a steak, veggie and choice of potato, side salad and a in house micro-brew beer or their root beer). tempting but since the strip has so many latenight steak deals we opted to check out the rest of their extensive menu. My boyfriend ended up ordering the pork chop dinner ($10ish) (includes 2 large bone-in thick cut pork chops, choice of potato (the mashed potatoes were killer!!) and a veggie (he got the corn) the pork chops were juicy, not dry and had a good seasoning and nice char flavor to them. hes a big eater and he couldn't even get thru half of his meal. I got their chicken Parmesan dinner, seriously this thing is ridiculous! its is a large Frisbee sized chicken breast flattened tho still managed to retain a 3/4 of an inch thickness! that's been lightly coated in a flavorful Italian breading topped with a tasty marinara sauce and lots of mozzarella cheese :) served with marinara covered linguine. then if that wasn't enough food this dinner also comes with two large slices or sourdough buttery garlic bread and a large side salad! (their house ranch was really tasty) all for 10.99!!! overall we had a really friendly and efficient server and the food was very good, we both ended up taking most of the food back to the hotel and having it for lunch when we woke up the next day and it was all still really good. As for the casino, the casinos small and older. definitely seemed like a local spot and much slower pace. (it reminded me a lot of the casinos in mesquite) they only have a one craps table but my boyfriend was able to win back the money he'd lost while gambling on the strip, and the slots were that night were paying out pretty well. the casinos a very short walk if your staying at the flamingo/ballys/cesars area like we were and was nice to get off the strip and win some money and have a cheap meal! def coming back each time we come to Vegas in the future.
4	I came back to this casino/brewery for an early breakfast and final meal before my early flight to San Diego. My lunch experience with the food two days ago were ok, but not great. But I was in a immediate rush and wanted to check out their breakfast. At 6:30 am, surprisingly the cafe was packed. But I only had to wait 5-10 minute for a table. Every meal, the cafe has specials. And I had one of the meals, which is the Country Fried Steak Breakfast. For $5.99, I get one thick Chicken Fried Steak smothered with gravy, eggs (cooked any way including scrambled egg whites, in which I got), hash browns and toast (I got toasted Rye). The waitress, who took my order, was nice enough to allow me to take mashed potatoes instead of the hash browns.  I got to admit the breakfast was also cheap and a lot better than my lunch. Every items were cooked to perfection. My meal: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=jC8Un2PffaoE5WaRkhY4UAMy coffee: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=7YP_jrvB7YJ9zaJhbsOTjwMy breakfast was a tad over $10.00. I just found out that the hole-in-the-wall casino is one of the hottest businesses in Las Vegas. The place and meal were ok, for the price.
5	The wait for the restaurant was an hour when I went with my guy, so we brought out a couple 5.00 bills and decided to play the machines while waiting. I had no luck, but my boyfriend won enough to buy dinner and still have money left over. All in all, he got paid to eat dinner at Ellis Island. If his luck is any indication, the slots here are super loose. The service in the diner was pretty good, the waiter was over promptly to take our order and the food was delivered lightning quick along with refills, even though I could see he was extremely busy.  We both had the steak special with green beans and mashed potatoes. The green beans were your average green beans, and the mashed potatoes were... well, I guess just your average run of the mill diner mashed potatoes from a box with ordinary gravy. They weren't bad, though. My steak was cooked perfectly, and my Pina Colada was only 3.00 and was also tasty. Nothing was disappointing for what we paid (or would have paid, anyway.) It's not like you can get better for this price anywhere in Vegas. Sooo... all in all, I'll be back over and over again when I've had a stressful day at work and I just want a steak and beer that won't break my bank. =)
2	This place is janky and gross. It smells of some old remnant of Las Vegas (aka rotten cigarettes and cheap liquor).There are some restaurants in here and and after walking by the food just looks hideous.The beer is cheap, and the root beer is decent (hence the two star rating).The karaoke section is ghetto, the song selection is weak, and the crowd is well....unique.I would never step foot into this joint ever again. It's attached to a freaking Super 8. Need I say more?
4	I heard about this place from a friend-of-a-friend who had been a teacher in Las Vegas. He recommended that we try this place that was just a block off the strip, called Ellis Island. It has a deal for a steak dinner and a pint of beer for only $6.99. So we gave it a shot - I was really impressed! The place doesn't look like much from the outside - it's across the street from an abandoned parking lot. The deal is not actually written in the menu, but there is a picture of the meal on the front. First, the quantity of food is staggering - the dinner includes a soup or salad, steak, potato, green beans, and a pint of beer. The quality of food was actually pretty good, too. I really liked the cream of broccoli soup - which our waitress told us is made from scratch daily. My steak was pretty good, but a bit tough (though another person in our group ordered his medium-rare and really liked it). Mashed potatoes and green beans were also good. The beer was actually pretty impressive - the place is a microbrewery, so they offer their own ale, stout, hefeweizen, and root beer. Between the five of us at the table, we happened to order one of everything. The stout was really good - very smooth, the ale was also nice. If you're not in the mood for alcohol, the home-made root beer was soo tasty. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place!
3	This place is definitely a go to for cheap eats that is close by to the strip.  It's a small casino off the strip with really low price food.  Great to go to on a budget and it taste decent.  Very friendly and nice waiters.
1	Following the YEE: Yelp Elites' First Date, c. 1985 at Ferraro's.  Me and some of the Yelparazzi posse bailed from the Double Down dive and I suggested we head over to the good ole "Restaurant" inside E I.  YES, it is on the corner of Koval and East Flamingo.  It isn't exactly the happiest place on earth but aside from the occasional smell of tapioca, it's home to the $6.99 Sirloin Steak special.  My review is only for the "Steak Special"  The "Restaurant" mostly been a hit with most locals and tourists on Yelp.  Tonight it was a BIG MISS!  I unfortunately got really sick after eating my steak with food poisoning symptoms.  And pretty much spent the rest of the evening in the oval office.I had ordered it medium rare and it came out uhh medium well and a little burnt on the top.  I'll definitely take Andy T's suggestion and order it rare next time if I ever decide to come back.  His ball of flesh came out perfectly grilled and medium rare.  Oh and BTW the meal comes with your choice of soup of the day or your a-typical iceberg lettuce salad drenched with salad dressing (which may I note could've been the culprit that led to my "closed door meetings"), potato, green beans....blah blah blah!I'm not even going to say much about the service here because it generally sucks but bad service and cheap eats tend to go together like coffee with cigarettes.Anyhoo on another interesting note, on our way inside, my buddies and Andy T. get out of our cars and I swear I went totally blind for 10 seconds by the sight of sum nasty hoochie mama flapping her mouth "Yea u know u want some of this, uh huh". Jeeez...instead of eating that shitty piece of steak I so wanted to chuck it at that walking skanky mess.  Eeeww!
4	4.99 special steak, eggs, and potatoes awesome and gambling cheap
5	since when did they that serving chicken for breakfast? AT ELISE ISLAND OF COARSE! im a gigantic fan of country fried steak and its not served much where im from so i couldnt but help order it here. MAN WAS I IMPRESSED! i think they took the entire half of a chicken grilled and and neatly placed it on my plate! it was bathing in a rich white gravy sauce. it possible may have been swimming in it. it also came with a side of toast which was lubed in a sexy butter sauce, two eggs sunny side up to brighten up my day, corned beef hash (sunce im from hawaii) which were also in the form of disc and melted away in my mouth. and if that doesnt get you full theres also a pelethera of potatoes, like half a dish full to fill you up. Another plus side is the price. i paid like 13 bucks for the entire meal. I think it was the fullest ive ever been for breakfast! The place was pretty clean. The lighting was perfect. especially cus i had a wee bit of a hangover from the night before. The service was great. Constantly checking to see if "everything is alright" i love that question becuase it sounds like you could be in a situation where there is imminent danger when asked. Also my water was constantly being refilled and right after i was finished i was given time to let my tummy rest before being presented with the bill. All and all this place gets a 5 stars for great food quality, excellent prices, and great service. If you happen to find yourself half broke after a fun night of drinking, gambling, and partying then you should definitly check this place out, for a temporary hangover stitch! :D
3	The steak deal is easily worth double the asking price.  Its a solid 15 dolla steak.  The fried chicken is quite good as well - blows hash house away.  Hit it.
4	If this review was to be on the food alone, it'd be a solid Four-Star review.  However, I have to take into account the antiquated decor and the ever present smell of cigars and cigarettes.  The dining room is very dark with red vinyl/pleather seating.  On top of that, the service can be slow at times.That being said, I make it a point to stop here on every trip to Vegas.  Usually, immediately after getting off of the plane at around 10am Vegas time.  Upon first site, it really isn't much.  Ellis Island is hooked onto a Super 8 Motel; which in itself, doesn't exactly make you think of award winning micro-brewed beer and excellent food.  This place definitely has the feel of "Old Vegas" when it comes to the $6 Steak (big) and Eggs along side a $1 beer brewed on site.  The menu is wide ranging.  You'll find everything from basic spaghetti to chicken fried steak on the dinner menu and slabs of ham the size of your head for breakfast!The Ellis Island microbrewery is on site and makes a few excellent brews.  My favorite is the stout...and for $1 you can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for somewhere cheap (because nothing else in Vegas is!) to start your trip while you wait for the 2-3pm hotel check-in time look no further.  One last thing, don't make the mistake of having the "Big as your head" ham & eggs just before heading home...it makes for a long plane ride!!
4	Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a great place to go when you're looking for a cheap steak dinner. You can't miss their $6.99 steak dinner that is available 24 hours. Their steak dinner is posted on the sign outside. So what do you get for $6.99? You get a steak (they'll ask you how you want it cooked), green beans and one side dish. You also get either soup or salad. You can add another $1.50 to get a beer with your meal. Our whole group ordered beer. They have other food too and I've tried their country fried steak. The gravy that they use is awesome and it feels like they take the time to craft the perfect meal. I'm pretty sure it's not healthy for you but the food is good! The service in the restaurant is good. We didn't have to deal with any unhappy servers. In fact our server was super nice. The order was huge because of how many people were in our group. We took up 3 tables. The atmosphere feels like this place is open 24 hours. It's dark and you are constantly hearing the sounds of the those slot machines that suck your money out of your pocket. You do smell the smoke of the cigarettes and cigars that seep their way into the restaurant. The seats are also old and dated.The casino itself is alright if you're looking to gamble. Their prices are cheaper than other machines in the area.  Blackjack is cheaper than the main casinos so that's a plus. Visit Ellis Island and see if you like their $6.99 steak dinner! You can't beat the $6.99 price!
5	Located on Koval & Flamingo, not far from the strip (about a 10 minute walk). A random person from let's say, OC area would probably not wanna step into this place from first glance. We wanted to try this place out because it was recommended by a coworker.It has the old school vegas feel - old slot machines, cheap tables (3-5$ black jack), one main bar with cheap drinks, and they have their own brewery. Their beer is ranked like #9 in the states. A glass of beer here is like $1.75, and they are just awesome. I tried their hef & stout, I even asked for 2/3 hef, topped off with stout. After 2 glasses I was pretty buzzed!We ate at their popular cheap restaurant. They have a large selection on their menu. With low expectations, my gf ordered their 6.99$ steak which comes with a salad and beer. She said the salad wasn't really fresh, and I tried her steak and for its price it was pretty good. It's like a steak you would cook at home without marinating at all, just the piece of meat thrown on a grill. I ordered their special, the pork pulled sandwich. The bbq sauce was pretty tasty and the pork was good. The bill came out to be like 16$, and our meals were very satisfying!Considering the ridiculously low prices and all the good things that comes along with this place, they get a well deserved 5 stars! This run down gem of a place is definitely a new spot we shall stop by at least once whenever we are in the area.
5	We came here on a Friday afternoon. I had with a fresh cut/color/highlights.. How could it not get to be a better day? Met my BF up at the Orleans and rode in the train over to the Bills Gambling saloon and walked over to the Ellis Island (corner of Koval/Flamingo, 2pac RIP...or is he really gone?) anyway - we had a draft $1.50 each! wth.. I havent had beer that cheap since I left TX! dang... SO good - its a brewery so they make their own beer so they can keep prices low. We ate BBQ @ one of their rest. about a 30-40 min. wait and well worth it. so good. I had the ribs, my bf ordered ribs & chkn. both were good. 2 sides.I had beans and coleslaw- all for 8.99 with the card. I'd def. eat there again.. providing I went to the gym that day b/c there so much great food and beer to enjoy.
4	Yeah its a local dive.  Old machines, worn out carpet and torn chairs.  But everyone loves it because you get your best bang for your buck.  I don't gamble much, so when I lived in Vegas this was the place to go. 1.50 draft beer.  They make it on site, and it ain't bad.  For 6.99 (last time I checked) you get a half rack of ribs with a side of baked beans and corn on the cob.  BEST BBQ DEAL IN VEGAS, AND TASTIEST.6.99 for a steak and potato deal.  Nice cut of meat.  Real nice and tender.And above all, their Karaoke Lounge is the best.  You can sign up as many times your drunken heart desires.  It's set up almost like a comedy club.  Small stage, with a spot light right on your gleaming eyes.  Drunken tourist and the local Elvis impersonator singing along with you. And if you are lucky well u might just get lucky :)
5	Ok, so I'm a little late on this review.  It's been like 2-3 weeks since I came here but I really felt compelled to continue my chronicle of my latest trip to Vegas, so here it goes.This was my first trip to Ellis Island, but it definitely won't be my last.  This little casino is definitely a little aged.  There is some wear and tear but it only seems to add to the character of this casino.  My friends and I came here on a Sunday night because we had heard that they have karaoke at the little bar inside.  Now, if you know anything about me, you know that I love to karaoke.  I dunno why, it's just one of the very few Asian-y things about me.  Anyway, they set up karaoke at around 9:00 PM and what did I see as they were setting up?  Some older gentlemen dressed like Elvis passing out the song lists.  I don't even think they worked for the bar or the MC but they were definitely dressed for the part.  They also sang but I'll let you guess what artist they decided to karaoke.  As for me  and my friends, I was the only one willing to suck it up and get up on stage to belt out a few tunes.  So after a few rounds of vodka tonics (very cheap vodka tonics btw) I finally put in my song request and headed up to the stage.  On my 3 song set list: Paul Anka's "Put You Head On My Shoulder," Matchbox Twenty's "Back 2 Good," and Sublime's "Santeria."  As if stiff drinks and karaoke weren't enough for me to become completely enamored with Ellis Island, they also have an awesome pizza place in the casino.  What's also great is that you can grab a pizza and bring it inside the bar to enjoy.  Ah Ellis Island, you'e definitely a diamond in the rough.
1	The price is great and the food is decent. With my fiance and my schedules its hard to find a decent place to eat in the middle of the night. It was a Monday night. Barely anyone was there probably just 2 small parties. It still took them 15 minutes to have us seated and 30 mins to get our food and all we ordered was just a Caesar wrap and a California club sandwhich their service sucks and they are sooo slow! Second time we went here they actually gave us a number and said that the wait would be 40mins. Wow! They minus well say we don't want your money! We just left coz this place is not even worth it. Good food and price but there service and they're ridiculously slow consistency will never make me comeback here again.
5	I had the $6.99 steak dinner and it lived up to and exceeded my expectations. For the same price as a fast food burrito you get a great cut of sirloin steak, fresh green beans with a hint of garlic, a salad, a baked potato and a good sized microbrew beer or rootbeer which they brew themselves. This place isn't "Vegas strip" fancy so don't expect that but if you want a great steak this is the place. If this place were close to home I'd be there at least once a week for sure. Oh almost forgot..I don't remember that it was on the menu so just ask for it, they had a sign advertising it when I went. They also have a somewhat small casino there as well.
4	"Give me your tired, your poor Your huddled masses yearning to be free"* - or eat for 6.99Different restaurants in casinos attract different clientelle.  The Wynn's 'Alex' gets the high rollers that flew in to Vegas on their private jets and are chauffeured around in limos.  For the rest of us, flying coach and willing to walk to dinner, The Ellis Island Casino and Brewery restaurant is "the lamp beside the golden door."*The restaurant is as no-frills as it gets.  They didn't even give it a name, it's just 'restaurant'.  Originally decorated in 1970s red vinyl, they know you came for the food - not to lick the walls.Like most Yelpers, I got the 6.99 steak special - it's not on the menu, but it's no secret either.  It was on the marquee outside.  Despite reading the (mostly) great reviews, I was expecting a sorry excuse for a steak.  What I got was a flame-grilled surprise.  The salad led the meal and set the bar low - as iceberg with carrots, tomatoes, and crutons out of a box will do, but the entree quickly saved the day.  The steak was the quality you might make at home (assuming you can grill).  A little singed where the flame kissed it, but medium rare (as ordered) inside.  The baked potato came with sour cream and butter, another homestyle staple, but the green beans were good enough to be served in a $25 a plate steakhouse.The wait was about 30 minutes, but you are in a casino.  You're not sitting on a cramped couch or standing in a tiny atrium with newspaper box and 2 gumball machines.  Head into the sportsbook and watch some tv, cheer with people at the craps table, maybe even gamble a little - I think they count on waiting patrons to lose enough money to make up for the low cost of the meal.So who are you?If you wish to "Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp"* then Ellis Island restaurant is a low 2 star joint.  If you are "The wretched refuse of your teeming shore"* and are not afraid of "the homeless, tempest-tost to me"* then Ellis Island (which is not located anywhere near the New York, New York Casino) is a solid 5-star facility.  I lie somewhere in between, but still give it a 4.* If you are a (non-native) American and are not familair with these lines, shame on you.  Go to the Statue of Liberty (on the real Ellis Island) and learn exactly why this country is great.
4	"The best things in life are free" -Kanye TiggaBut at Ellis Island its pretty damn close!  Had the King Cut Prime Rib for $12.99 and holy sh!t it was huge, plus you get soup or salad (had soup), baked potato, and choice of root beer or beer.  The problem is that its not in a 4 or 5 star hotel but of one that resembles an ash tray inside. And  Im pretty sure i have emphysema and acute bronchitis now.  But besides that you definitely have to try the food because it will mind fu@k you in so many ways.
5	I love, love, love Ellis Island!  We've been coming here for years, even before we moved to Vegas in 04!What we love about Ellis Island:Cheap drinks- my Couvoisier and coke is under $5 each. Hard lemonade $2, everything is dirt cheapCheap eats- we eat here quite often, the food is good for what you pay. I usually get the steamed clams or linguine with clams, but their clam chowder is pretty darn good.BBQ- the BBQ place is a must stop for my aunt when she comes to Vegas, she was the one that turned us onto the BBQ joint here and she's a caterer so knows her food.  But the portions are HUGE for what you pay and we're talking lip smacking good BBQOverall- this is a locals joint so don't expect service like you would on the strip or atmosphere unless you are looking for old school Vegas...its dark and dingy in there and smells of smoke but I still LUV it!!
4	I have been here so many times..I have to Yelp about it. First..I would give it 5 stars but the service is SLOW!! I have seen the servers break down/fight and generally act depressed.But I go there for the cheap steak dinner & killer root beer!I have never had a bad reaction to the food & its always tasty. They even have a great brownie sundae if you like that sort of thing.Sometimes the wait is long..but sit down @ a slot machine & order a drink..they will call your # when its time. We have scored many a free meal here playing & winning at video poker!So yeah..its a bit of a dive but they feed ya good!And the BBQ place is top notch as well. Pizza place is not so good..a bit oily and very thin...not my kind of pizza. Im from Detroit and we like it thick like the Sunday paper!
4	Don't judge a book by its cover...You would walk into the casino and think, OK I'm in a dump.... You would see the restaurant and second guess if you were transported back into time.  Then you would order the $12 prime rib, that comes with salad and a premium beer.  You would take one bite and realize, this place is the most bang for your buck meal in Vegas!!  The salad is your standard house salad, choose your dressing.  It comes with a large premium beer, not just your standard Bud Light, but Amber Brock, Hefeweizen, etc...  the prime rib is absolutely delicious!!  Served with baked potato and green beans, all for only $12?!?!  Are they insane?  Or are you insane because you haven't eaten here yet?Come early, the wait can be very long.  But that's what the casino is for?  We had to wait an hour for our table.  No problem.  I'll be shooting craps... Came up $80, dinners on me guys!
4	salad, steak, potato, veggies, and a beer for $6.99. best deal ever. the drinks are cheap and the place is super chill. i will definitely make an effort to go back next time i'm in town.
1	Sucks
4	I love Ellis Island! Then again, i love everything/everyone when I've had one too many. In all seriousness, for $5 you really can't go wrong with the Steak and Eggs special (only offered at certain times- early in the morning or really late at night if i recall correctly). It's quite a hefty portion of food (steak, eggs, home fries, and toast), so come hungry! Just a short taxi ride (or long walk) away from the strip, this is my go to place for late night 4th meal.
5	Well, what can I say that these other reviewers haven't said already. It's a tiny, local dive casino. A hidden gem as I would describe it.  The real prize to go here is for BBQ dinner to get the full rack of pork ribs with their homemade sauce and either order their own beer they brew or rootbeer. Or you can order half a rack and half rotisserie chicken. Request outdoor seating, they have heat lamps if gets chilly. You can also ask for extra barbecue sauce and the will gladly give it to you. :-D Yummy! The pricing is very reasonable when compared to other major cities.  Yes, during prime time there is a waiting list, but the wait is well worth it. Where in the world can you get something with so much to eat and you have enough leftovers for the next day?!  It's like getting two meals in one! I am amazed for those that are able to eat the whole thing. My hats off to you!I would skip the steak special because I could actually make my own steak to taste much better with flavor. But if you are under a budget, then it's a good deal for you.Surprisingly, Metro Pizza inside the casino has makes a thin cheesy pizza which is great for a nice light snack. :-)
4	we went and got two prime rib dinners for 13 bucks a piece. comes with a root beer or beer. the beer was better than the root beer which tasted kinda flat. the prime rib was good but i've had better for 15$... the steak special is really cheap, gonna get that next time
4	This review is for the 24-hour restaurant.  First off I have to say that the service here is pretty bad.  They're kinda slow and it's usually busy so that doesn't help.  It sometimes takes a while for them to decide who your server is and/or for them to come take your order.  That said, I still come to Ellis to eat because the food's good and it can be very cheap.  You kinda have to know about the specials tho.  (don't think they're on the menu)  Basically, I get 1 of 2 things when I go.  Either the "Dinner Special" (soup or salad, nice sized thick cut steak, potato and green beans, and a beer which they brew there; all for $6.99)  It says on the place mats that they are one of the top 10 breweries in America.  I'm not a beer expert, but it is good and they have a variety of kinds to choose from.  They're cheap too at somewhere around $2.  They even make their own Root Beer, (which you can get with the dinner special instead of a beer) but beware that it's very, very sweet.  The other thing I order is the steak and eggs for $4.99 (thin but decent steak, eggs made-to-order, hash-browns, and toast.)  Both are a great value.  The dinner more so therefore I usually get that.  I have eaten the steamed clams a couple times as well and they are delicious!  They also have a BBQ restaurant at which, I've been told, are the best ribs in Vegas.  Sadly I haven't eaten there yet but I look forward to checking it out.  :) BTW, to my fellow Casino Employees:  bring your badge and get 2 free drinks at the bar from 3am-8am.
4	Amazing brewery and Philly steak sandwich for less than $10! Mmmmmm yum and open 24/7:)
2	On our recent trip to Vegas we decided to try Ellis Island for breakfast because it was closer to the strip then our usual place for steak and eggs. We were prepared for slow service based on the numerous Yelp reviews but since we were not in a hurry I didn't de-star them for being slow. Both of our steaks were overcooked and under seasoned and the eggs were swimming in grease. We were going to send it back but sat there waiting and waiting for a server to walk by. Finally we decided to just eat it, leave and never return.
5	**Dinner Review**The steak special is the best deal we encountered in Vegas, near the strip. I am a big eater and love to save money... this was a no brainer after reading a few reviews. The staff was great, food was delicious and came out in a timely manner (in and out within an hour). I would recommend getting there before 5 because it is a popular spot! Take my advice and give this place a shot, enjoy.
5	Order "the special" Great meal for little money.  Plus you get a beer!....or root beer if you're morman or carry a purse.  Will come again.
4	You need to know.At prime dinner hour, like 6-9pm, it takes ONE HOUR of waiting, and no they dont do reservations.  You can't call in.  They will take your name down and call you when ready, thats it.They can accommodate groups, for example I had 13 in my party.The $6.99 filet minon dinner for which they are famous is not on the menu, ask for it directly.The beer sucks, the rootbeer sucks, and the waitstaff is friendly though overworked, thusly, food comes slow (unless you're there at 3am)Order your steak rare or medium rare, or else it will come to you as a charred hunk.Bottom line: at 7 dollars, you can't go wrong, and the only real downside is the atrocious wait.  It is what it is, and there's something magically epic about a steak that cheap, in Vegas.  Don't come here for ambiance or quality, come for a cheap filet that might make you smile.
3	Ok so I only had a tuna melt it was ok I could have done without the 1000 island dressing... Which it didnt mention on the menu. I waited for a table & being just 1 person they sat me in the karaoke bar area where people just walk in without waiting??? Also the restaurant is non smoking (even though it smalls of smoke and I'm getting a headache). 3 hotel employees just sat at the bar & started smoking, yuck! Don't sit in here to dine, there is NO waitress only the bartender and she is swamped& definately too busy to refil your tea. My mistake was coming for lunch... I hear it's better at dinner & maybe even breakfast but lunch was just lunch. I did get a cheap lunch & she didn't charge me for the tea so that I will add to her tip : )
2	NO BBQ AFTER 10PM. :{ We went for the ribs. Which they weren't serving when we arrived...There was a wait of about 20-30 minutes, so we sampled their beers while we waited.  The AMBER beer: A strong hoppy taste, bitter notes on the finish. Not our favorite.The WEISS: Favorite! :} I'm always a fan of wheat/hefeweisen style beers, and this one was the best of their selection. Smooth, crisp with citrus notes and a pleasant overall finish. Served with a wedge of lemon. Best of the lot, but not anything worth going crazy over. The STOUT: Forgettable. Dark beer, but not particularly distinquished.   + For making their beer on site.+ For big, tall, ice-cold glasses of beer being $1.75When we finally got into the restaurant, we had our disappointment over the BBQ and then carried on. We started with their fish n' chips. Supposed to be one of their signature dishes, since way back in the day. The fish had a nice, greasy  beer batter and good flakiness on the inside. Comparable to anything you'd get at a Fish n' chipery in London? Definitely not. Still very edible, though. And the fact that it's served with malt vinegar, on a tray with newspaper, is cute and I appreciated that. After that came our main orders;Salads first! Iceberg lettuce drenched in dressing. 2 smallish tomatoes each, tons of croutons. Meh, Bleucheese makes any salad edible, but not noteworthy. Came with stale looking buns.  Steak  & shrimp: A surf n' turf. The steak was thin, gristly and overcooked. The shrimp were battered and fried to oblivion- burnt on the outside and were gross on the inside. The potatoes were most likely instant.Rib eye special: Huge slab of pink,  tender juicy meat. Baked potato looked over-cooked and wrinkly. We still haven't touched it, days later, despite our best intentions otherwise.The food was ok, but the only thing we'll go back for is to try the BBQ or karaoke and drink up some cheap beer. Though it was entertaining being seated next to the creepy old perverted couple, who talked dirty throughout most of the meal. Sleazy old style Vegas for you, I suppose.
3	We have been long term fans of the restaurant at Ellis you do have to compromise your standards for ambiance.  We used a LVA 2/1 coupon.  My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast which came out perfect.  My entree of easy over eggs, hash browns, toast and bacon was similarly prepared.  Service has improver over the past few years.
3	Its nice to grab a cheap meal off the strip sometimes, however it seems as though we can't always get the best of both worlds. The on site brewery supplies a number of delicious $1.75 choices, which makes the customer and their pocetbook smile. Cold entrees, empty mozerella sticks and funky tasting quisidellias left us skipping the take home containers.
5	BEST dinner deal in Vegas!! Amazing food, great service, LOW LOW price! Salad, homemade mashed potatoes (YUUUUM!!) green beans, bread, HUGE steak, and beer for $13....it doesn't get any better!
4	Let's keep this short & sweet because honestly, there are only 3 things you need to know about this place.1. open 24/7 for your drunkasses to come after the club2. $5 steak and eggs. don't even bother getting anything else3. it will obviously taste good because you are drunk. just remember to chew your food completely for the sake of your hangover/ throwing up in the morning ;)Done and done.
4	It's hard to find cheap eats around the Strip! Cheap, but pretty decent food. I usually go at least twice when I'm in Vegas. The $12 king cut prime rib comes with green beans, mashed or baked potato, salad or soup, and beer or root beer. Be prepared to wait if you go around 6-8. The wait's usually about 40 min to an hour. It's worth it though.
1	Wow I will never ever ever come back here again.. The service reeked of crap! I was not helped at all, never got checked on, and took forever to get what I needed. It may be cheap but frustration is the worst. I got the "Steak special" which came with an overcooked steak, green beans, mashed potatoes, salad, and a beer. Even with all this food it didn't make up for this place serving crappy food and crappy service. If you like bad service and cheap food then you won't be disappointed here.
3	So I thought I finished up my Vegas reviews, but I forgot a few more.  First, being Ellis Casino and restaurant.The casino is very small.  We came here for the $5 steak and eggs special, but they estimated a 20-25 minute wait.  So to the tables I went.  Standard blakjack, dealer didn't speak much English though.  After losing my buddy's $20 on the first hand (BS... two jacks and dealer shows blackjack :( ) I made $15 for myself (after going down about $30ish).  So after 15 minutes of cards and going through the deck, I went to wait with my group.  After 25 minutes we asked how much longer and they said they had a table of 11 to seat before us.  10 minutes later, they let us in.  Eh.After being seated, we had a horrible server to start us off.  He walked up to the table and stared at us.  My brother was confused so he asked if the guy was there to take our order.  He answered yes.  So we placed our order and thought that was over.  He then took out jam away, we figured he was refilling it.  Nope.  After waiting another 20ish minutes we got our food.The food was actually good.  I think it's my favorite $5 steak and eggs place in Vegas so far.  The sirloin was actually OK and the eggs were done right.  The potatoes it came with was the big difference.  It was cubed up and fried like fries.  But it was seasoned really well.I'd come back here again, maybe.  The service was kinda ridiculous though.  I'd give this a 4 or maybe even a 5 if I had a better experience.
5	In the world of the bigger-is-better Vegas this place is a hidden gem. I give it 5 stars for 5 reasons:1. Amazing cheap food.  2. Friendly, helpful staff3. A combination of old and new machines4. Lower limit blackjack tables with friendly dealers5. Easy on-site free parking garageI spent a lot of time here during my wedding weekend.  We had a number of people in our group staying next door at the Super 8 and it was always easier to gamble and eat here than going over to the Strip about a mile away.  On our first night we realized how amazing the food was.  (Thanks Yelp!)   We ended up having the BBQ plate....10 bucks for a rack of ribs and a half chicken.  Wow was it good!   I had everything to eat here from pizza to their $7 filet mignon.  Sometimes the service was a little slow but they were totally busy and seemed understaffed and the wait staff was usually in an upbeat mood.  They did the best they could.  Do not forget that $7 filet mignon...you can't at least get that once while in Vegas. For that price you also get a free root beer or regular beer.  Their homemade root beer is damn amazing.  You almost get drunk off the root beer flavor, its that good.They really do have a great selection of machines here...everything from the old-school physical reel one-armed bandit style to brand new ones like Sex-In-The City and Monopoly machines.  (Watch that Sex-In-The City machine...its max bet is 6 bucks a pull!)I played a good amount of blackjack here too...most tables were 5 bucks and the dealers were nice and pretty darn funny as well.  (No matter if you are winning or losing)On my return trips to Vegas I will be spending a good amount of time here.:0)
4	Heard about this from a friend.  So went in w/ an open mind.  Walked into an old and dirty casino.  Place looked like it was built in the 70's.  We were told by the hostess the wait was an hour.  Load of people were there.  Always a good sign.So we hung out and had one of their local beers.  Was really good.  Turns out they have won national awards for the beer brewed on site.  Impressive.Finally called our number.  We were led into a old school steak house.  As some described it, a scene from Godfather or Goodfellas.  Place was dark.  Carpet walls and tables all seemed to be colored dark brown.  Seating was also retro.Ordered the house special, prime rib with potatoes.  Came w/ soup or salad.  Most importantly, came w/ a free beer.  All for $13.  First time I tried it w/ a party of 13.  Second time w/ a party of 5.  Third w/ a party of 5.  And everyone loved the prime rib.  At times a medium comes out well done.  Occasionally vice versa, but mention it to the wait staff and they'll bring you another.Great food for the price.  And one of the best prime rib dinners I've had.
5	We came for the steak dinner deal and were not disappointed.  $6.99 for soup/salad, rolls, steak, mashed potatoes, green beens, and a 20 oz craft beer, have they gone mad?This place is assuming and almost charming.  It's older, the casino is smaller, they've got the dark maroon and mahogany decor.  Strolling in and ordering the unadvertised "gambler's special" was really a kick for us.  The food was good - - the salad and rolls weren't much to speak of but the rest was very solid.  I tried their amber ale which was meh.  It's a little lighter than a true craft amber but still good.  I am a huge beer snob and their stout is GREAT, it pairs nicely with the dinner.   Overall it's an A+ joint!
5	After reading great reviews on yelp and from friends we walked over to Ellis Island last Thursday while in Vegas. On our way there we met another group of people also walking to get some steak, we got to talking and ended up all eating together, I think there was six of us in total, a couple from Portland and a two dudes from San Diego, it was hella random. Any way we got to Ellis Island around 1am, there was no wait and we were seated right away, we all ordered the steak and beer special for $6.99. The steak came out about 20 mins later, it was really good for the price but the beer was even better, I was kind of disappointed that they were out of their homemade root beer. We ended up chillin there for like 3 hours just drinking beer and chattin it up, it ended up being really awesome meeting random people that were hella cool and were into the same stupid shit were into, haha. One of the best experiences of my life happened at Ellis Island who would of thought.
4	My BF and I asked the bellman "What's a good breakfast place around here?" We were staying at the Grand Hilton behind the Flamingo, so we were facing away from the strip. He pointed out, right there, Ellis Island. Great food, great price. We arrived and there was a 15 minute wait. So you knew it had to be good. It looked like mostly locals too. Also a good sign. The place has won tons of awards, the #1 brewery in Nevada, #9 in the USA. That's pretty damn good. We were seated quicker than 15 minutes. We sat in a corner, and set about the menu. I ordered a simple 2 eggs w/ 4 pieces of bacon, country fried potatoes and toast for $4.99, my boyfriend ordered 2 pieces of broiled pork chops with eggs and toast for $6.99 (what a steal!) and a soda. Our waitress was nice. Not overly friendly, borderlining on rude, but not really. Maybe it;s her accent? Not sure. Another table go seated next to us after our orders were taken, but somehow their food came out first... odd. Ours wasn't too long after, but still. Odd. My food was fine, not much you can do w/ bacon and eggs. The country potatoes were ok, a little bland. His food on the other hand was really good. Quite a good portion for just 6.99. We ended up taking a pork chop, potatoes and 2 slices of bacon home with us!Our waitress didn't come back to fill our waters or soda. That was disappointing, although the place was pretty busy, you'd think they'd have it down.Overall. Good food and phenomenal pricing (less than $14.00 for a full breakfast for 2, plus leftovers). We made sure to tip that bellman.
4	My sister told me to check this place out because she heard they had a really good steak special - $6.99 for a 10 oz steak. She said it was off the beaten path and more of a locals, low-end kind of place. It might have some of the old school Vegas charm left in it. I'm happy to say that it did. The place looks like it hasn't been redecorated in a good 30 or more years. Cement floors, red vinyl seats, lots of wood paneling, cheap drinks - and the $6.99 special! The special is not on the menu, so you have to ask for it. Practically everyone who was dining there was eating it. They start you off with a basic green salad which is iceberg lettuce and tomatoes. Then they serve your steak with a choice of potato (I had mashed) and their vegetable. I was a little disappointed by the steak. I ordered mine medium rare and instead it was more like medium well-done. But for the price, I can't complain. The special also includes a beer since Ellis Island is also a microbrewery. You have your choice of lager, amber, or stout. The mashed potatoes were decent and the vegetables also. Definitely good cheap Vegas eats! I'm a fan and I would return here.
1	Ewwww!! Nasty Food! Smokey stinking old folks....NO THANKS! It's like the scariest casino in Vegas....why risk getting robbed or stab for a $8 dinner and a $2 beer?!@
5	The most fun you can have in Las Vegas.  The karaoke here is the best!!  The food at the restaurant is good and inexpensive.  This is now a must do on every trip to Las Vegas.
4	$5 steak and eggs!! Great place to go after a night of partying. Good, CHEAP food (great if you're blacked out and decide to eat it twice in 1 night like a certain friend of mine). Not steakhouse quality of course, so order your steak rarer than you would normally get it because it comes out a little more cooked usual. And it's off the strip so take pity on your stiletto-clad feet and get a cab, but definitely come try it!
5	We went there because of the steak special. For $6.99 nobody shouldn't expect a fancy restaurant actually we thought it was a fast food! But it was more than we expected! It is a restaurant not fancy but nice and clean. You have your your table with your own server. You have a service of bread and you can chose between salad or soup. Then you have the principal plate with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The food was good and the steak was tender. I think it includes also a beer. The plates had a good presentation and the waiting time once you are in the table is Ok. The only thing is that you need to wait 20-25 min for your table. The check was ridiculously CHEAP!Good service, good food at incredible prices! Do you need more?I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for that if you are looking for a fancy restaurant don't go there but don't expect to pay the same neither!
3	Went for the beer and the famous $7 steak special (now priced at $7.99).  My steak was actually really good.  Wife's was overcooked.  beans were good, fries good too.  beer was OK (Amber), but the Dark Lager was Very good.  Wish I had chosen better.Service was crap.  She should find a new profession, as it was clear that she could care less.  Since we were rolling 12 deep, gratuity is automatic.  Why should she care?Couple people got the fried shrimp special.  That was good too.  Everything looked and tasted good.  Long walk, but worth it
4	This place was recommended to me. It's a locals joint. It's a good place to get off the strip, eat, and blackjack is 5 bucks.That's enough for me to go there.
3	Decided to make another review about this place. My fiance kept telling me that he wants to go here so I decided to give it another shot since the last time I went here it was on those busy weekends. Went here around 10pm on a wednesday. Finally got seated right when we got there. The waitress was nice, but it looked like she hated working there and she only stopped by our table 4 times. First time was to get us drinks, second time to deliver our food, third time because my chicken ceasar wrap was sooo dry and I had that before so it didn't taste like that the first time I tried it, the fourth time was just to deliver the check. Haha some service. Food was cheap though, and finally got it faster then usual. I recommend coming here late at night on a weekday because this place can be hell fridays - sundays. Unless you have the patience of a saint.
4	We asked the front desk for recommendations near our hotel, and headed out on a Friday night with no particular expectations. Turns out that this is a divey little casino and bar.Once I got past feeling way overdressed, my friends and I enjoyed the $5 blackjack, $1.75 draft beers, and karaoke with some talented locals. The song selection is fairly rich with classics but is a little hit or miss with Top 40 nonsense. For example, they had Paparazzi and Poker Face but nothing by Ke$ha and not a lot else from the charts.You're better off sticking with a crowd pleaser, anyway. Try Total Eclipse of the Heart, as long as you don't accidentally start singing the literal version instead. (Ask me why I say that...)
1	This place was so bad that I'm compelled to have it be my inaugural review. After a late night, my buddies and I were looking for a decently priced spot to eat, rest and recover. So obviously we were like "oh let's just Yelp a place - Yelpers never fail." Well you guys failed us. (4 star average with 300+ reviews?!?!?!!? COME ON) The majority of our group ordered the steak special. While we weren't expecting a legendary tasting steak, we also weren't expecting what it turned out to be. A medium rare steak was as tough as nails with little to no flavor -  I had to douse my chunk with A1 sauce to make it bearable. The side salad was loaded with dressing, most likely to hide its age and brown spots. What's the point of eating a salad when all its supposed benefits are negated by an exorbitant amount of dressing? The beer it came with tasted stale and watered down. I literally have nothing positive to say about this place. Even the price that you all rave about doesn't make it worth coming to. I hate McDonalds but would have preferred it over this junk. And don't even get me started about the service.Long story short: only come here if you hate yourself.
4	great price.for chicken & ribs
1	I came to the conclusion that all of the positive reviews came from people who are used to eating at McDonalds everyday.  This restaurant was worse than Applebees or Fridays and have items at the same price.  The service was however very friendly.  And it is a non-smoking establishment as well.For $14, I got a salad, King Prime Rib steak, green beans, a potato, and a root beer.  The salad was merely iceberg lettuce, 2 cherry tomatos, and watery (not oily) Italian dressing.  Nasty.  The steak was 50% meat and 50% grissle.  The green beans cooked in garlic were actually very good.  The potato was alright too.  The root beer was so bitter that I couldn't finish it.  This is the worst root beer I have ever had (the best being at Schilo's German Delicatessen in San Antonio).
4	Worth Every Penny, the food is very good and the staff very nice will eat here again.
3	I went here during my last trip to Vegas because of the hype on Yelp. Its a pretty good joint for your money. The service sucks. There was no one even in the dining room and the hostess said it was a 40 minute wait. After my boyfriend bitched at the hostess she sat us down right away. Food took even longer than the wait, I just couldnt comprehend what was taking so long. Ellis Island you would make even more money if you had better service.
4	Truly a dive venue for those who are boldA long walk from the strip, so no good if it's coldSo I'd take a cab here on the late nights with no fearA rougher side of town, with prostitutes who are nearBut it's Vegas, who's afraid of some suspects and shade?You expect to see old men passed out on crap tables all splayedThe funniest thing I saw here though was an 80 year old manGot carded by a guard, I damn near lost my handOr lost my mind cause I was cracking up at that timeI just couldn't stop, the elation so sublimeBut whatever the case I'm here to review this placeMore specifically the diner at the back of this space12 bucks will get you a full prime rib mealThat includes a house root beer or brewed beer supposedly realThe best prime rib deal in Las Vegas from what I knowBecause every other place I've been is gone, or has slowedSo price point and quality, I'd give this place the tipBecause I've been coming here since I was a Vegas kidShowing up in the city when I weren't even of ageBut even now that I'm "grown up", Ellis Island stays on the page
5	Brewery and Casino? Never heard anything like it before....only in Vegas. Its located a block from the strip (vegas block not city block...its a walk) Brewery: This place is all about the price. $2 craft beer in a 20 oz pilsner glass. This place is a gem when a deal in vegas is $1.50 budweiser bottles. This is CRAFT BEER. Well...none of the beers blew me away, but I still support breweries every time. Their Stout and Hef is worth trying though. They also make a Lager, Golden, and Amber Ale. Nothing too aggressive, which I miss from Northern California Beers. Casino: Old school feel with a mix of new and old slot machines, $5 table games with really nice dealers. Lots of TV's for watching the game. Place where the locals and taxi drivers hangout. Restaurant: Cheap, cheap, cheap...prices range from $3.99 to $15ish. Good food for the price. Patty was our server for a group of 11 and she was so friendly. Way to take care of us in hangover mode.
4	A divey place with a very vintage Vegas feel.  I came here for the $4.99 steak and eggs special to cure the late night munchies.  The plate came with an 8-oz steak, two eggs (over easy for me), fried potatoes and an absurd amount of buttered toast (I'm pretty sure our waitress hooked it up).  This meal is no gourmet dining experience, but absolutely hit the spot, and I didn't care that we had to cab it to a somewhat shady-looking part of town to get here.  From our hotel (Signature at MGM) this was only a $5 cab ride, so I'd say if you're staying there this is the place to go for your steak and eggs, especially if you've already blown all your money on buffets and black jack.
3	Go for the beer, stay for the...beerAfter a dismal fail on the part of Benihana at the hilton the night before, we asked a cab driver what was a good place to get a steak in vegas and he told us about Ellis island, so off we went the next night.The place itself is on the whole, completely unimpressive.  Old decor, run down tables, and plugged with ripped red vinyl.  It kinda has the feel of what you would get if you crossed an old folks home for cigarette smokers with a casino.  At 36, I was well below the average age by a couple decades.  Not exactly "happening"..Anyways, during the long wait for our table (suprising considering the number of empty tables at the restaurant) we attempted to order a beer at the bar but got yelled at by the bartender for apparently daring to tread on the oh so sacred ground of the "server station".B$%## bartender aside, the hef was delicious - I don't normally go for foofier beers like that, but it really hit the spot, and at 1.75 for a 20 ounce microbrew, you just can't go wrong.Once we got seated, our server didn't really speak english, but that was fine since apparently nobody orders anything but the prime rib there anyways.  I ordered my prime rib rare and it came out damn near still cold, so I was happy with that aspect of it, but I was not happy with the fact it was about 60%fat and gristle, and only about 40 percent actual meat.  The others at my table got better cuts tho, and hey, for 13 bucks including a 20 oz beer, you can't really complain.Al in a, a decent deal, and the beer we had was exceptionally good.  I'd eat there again.
4	The food is great and the price is even better. I come here for the beer all the time and now I'm comming for the food.
4	I always crave steak and eggs when going to Vegas, so my friends and I went here for the $4.99 Steak and Eggs (plus potatoes and toast). That's a dollar cheaper than Bill's Gambling Hall! This place had fried breakfast potatoes instead of hash browns, but the steak was better at Ellis Island, in my opinion.I liked how this place wasn't busy at all. It probably has to do with the fact that it is a small, hidden place a block away from the strip. There was no wait at all, unlike Bill's, where we usually have to wait 10-20 minutes to get seated.
4	For $7.99 (on a Saturday night), the steak dinner special is a great deal especially in now upscaled Las Vegas.  Believe me when I say it can be really hard now to find a good deal in Las Vegas anymore, at least on the strip.  You have to go off-strip (like here) to find anything decent anymore.Is it the best steak you ever had? No.  The meat was a bit tough and chewy, but it was cooked medium rare the way I asked for it and flavorful for all that.  Rounded out with a large baked potato and a good pile of string beans, it was plenty of food after a long day of traveling and hiking.  The thing that puts this special over the top and makes it a four star is the inclusion of a house-made beer or root beer.  My husband ordered the porter (a decent beer too!) and I ordered the root beer.  The root beer was definitely better than most anything you can buy in the store.
5	EGG NOG!!! EGG NOG!!! EGG NOG!!! Still love the $6.99 Steak Dinnerbut the real star of the show at Ellis Island is the Egg Nog! Egg nog, you may ask? Ellis Island has egg nog? Oh yes, Ellis Island has egg nog during the holidays and it isn't just any run of the mill egg nog either. Oh no, This decadent egg nog is house-made, eggy, creamy, spicy, pre-boozed, luscious, Christmas in a cup. Really, I don't know if I want to drink it or rub it all over myself. I think I want to marry it!It is that amazing. I don't know what kind of booze is in it, but I do know there is ALOT of booze in it. Honestly it could be battery acid or gasoline and it is sooooo good I would drink it anyway and take my chances.You can order it by the glass at the bar or in the restaurant for $6 (it is a big glass and practically a meal in itself) or you can buy it by the bottle for $30. I know that sounds a bit steep for egg nog but it is worth every penny.
5	Wow... looks can definitely be deceiving but this place has amazing bbq worth checking out. There really is only 3 choices: ribs, chicken, or both in a combo! The sweet but delicious bbq sauce went quick. Food came out fast and their own brewed beer kept us tide over. We literally only paid less than $20 a person, wtf... that's unheard of! Guess it really pays to eat off the strip even though its only by 2 blocks (on Koval behind Paris). Cab it over now!
5	The last time someone could get a full steak dinner for $7.99, I didn't exist in the world yet. That's what led us meat hungry girls off the strip, across traffic and into a casino that was more smoke than anything else. The wait on a Saturday night? Nearly an hour and a half and there wasn't anything else to do but be cramped in a tiny, smoky room filled with slot machines. Wait you say, how does this make it a 5 star review? Because patience my dear reader, all the pain my lungs went through to breathe in there was worth it in the end. We were seated and promptly, the waiter proved his amazingness by taking our orders quickly and oh, he KNEW what we were there for. But to my surprise, we didn't just get a nice hunk of sirloin, green beans and our choice of potato. No sir! We were asked soup or salad? Want free house brewed root beer in tall curvy glasses? Want piping hot bread rolls and butter? What's that, did you say more bread rolls at no extra cost? Steak quality: Mine was bloody and perfect but the other gals who ordered medium rare had varying degrees of pink. Sad face! And to top it all off, we wanted to take our root beer home since it was so tasty. The waiter goes "why don't you just take the glasses with you? It's Vegas and you are all beautiful ladies." Why HELLO, yes I think I will! Grand total = kaching ... $8 each + tax for all of the above. Holy moly. Oh and don't forget this place is a brewery so they have a nice selection on tap from hefeweizen to ambers to stouts. With a steak that cheap, a nice cold one cost us a whopping $1.75 a piece. IN VEGAS. After staying at the Bellagio, all of our wallets were glad to take less of a beat down. Best dinner choice of the whole trip!
1	My girlfriend and I love craft brews so every time we visit a city we search for breweries to try some suds.  This past week we went to Ellis Island and the beer was putrid at best.  It was like they put half beer and half water in a pint. The IPA was horrible and my girlfriend couldn't even finish the wheat.  Didn't come here to eat so cant comment on that but if your in Vegas and want a good beer head to Tenaya, Big Dog or 777 at Main Street, all 3 were waaaaaaaay better beers. Forgot to add the female bartender acted like she wanted to be anywhere but there at the moment.  Either she was having a bad day or she needs to find another job. At least she had a patriots jersey on :), one plus for her
5	Their beer is really good, especially for $1.75. The BBQ place is unbelievable, so good. It sucks its always busy and you have to wait like 30+min to get seated, but its worth it. Have some beers at the bar while waiting
5	everything is great!  . . . . . .  cheap food cheap drinks. Try metro pizza on thurs 2 for 1 slices and try the bbq its delicious
2	Forgettable.  Baked chicken w/ BBQ, over gravy mash, boring corn, lame salad,  I think all good ratings are from the Saturday steak dinner.  Only reason I would try again.
5	$7.99 steak dinner!! cray cray. at first i was a little skeptical...wouldn't you be? but i kept an open mind. came here for dinner with some friends. there was a bit of a wait but no longer than 15-20 mins. i ordered the steak dinner special which comes with a perfect 8 oz steak, green beans, your choice of baked/mashed potatoes or french fries, and either root beer/house beer. the steak was legit! so good. my friend ordered the prime rib dinner for $12.99...that was legit too! the root beer was super tasty as well. service was alright. i'll be back...definitely can't beat the prices here. =)
4	Good food I had the Shrimp Scampi and it wasn't bad at all. Our waitress was very funny and the food came fast. The prices were very reasonable. The only bad thing was that the bread was terrible it was extremely hard.
4	This is just a review of their restaurant-- which serves steak,eggs,potatoes,+toast  for only $5.99!!! (starting at midnight). I'd definitely stop by again for a cheap late dinner fix =DIt's located off the strip, and the casino itself isn't very appealing from the outside/inside, but if you're low on cash and want some yummy meat this is the place to go =D
4	Steak and Eggs were BOMB.COM!!! for like 5 bucks??! hella good and they give you a generous portion. My guy friends actually had trouble finishing it. The prime rib special was on point as well. Good deal because its 12 bucks and it comes with your choice of beer or root beer, salad or soup, along with your generous cut of prime rib. If you're on a budget, or you're looking for the drunken munchies, ellis island is definitely the spot to be at.
3	Excellent Prime Rib, fresh sides & great service.I would pass on the baked potato and go for the side salad or cole slaw.They tend to slightly overcook the prime rib but it's a good quality cut of beef.Four of us had a great meal for under $60.
3	The prices have gone up and the quality has gone down.  The off menu steak special is now $7.99 and the beers have gone up to $2 a pop.  The cuts of beef were gristly and the light lager tasted sour.Our hero only got complaints about the food from the party he was with the last time he was here.  It took them almost an hour to get seated on a school night at 8 PM and it smelled awful due to poor ventilation.  It seemed to our hero that they have pretty high staff turnover here because he only recognized one server from the last time he came.Still... you gotta give it to them that it's quite a good value for the food and most of the beers are still pretty good for two bucks!  Remember, a good rule of thumb for the Ellis Island beers are that the darker they are, the better they taste.PROS:- The food's still cheap and filling.- Some of the lowest limit gambling just a stone's throw away from the strip.CONS:- The smokey atmosphere in the casino is nearly suffocating and it permeates into the restaurant.- Prices have gone up but the quality hasn't.- Long wait times during dinner.
5	have been to ellis island for the steak special but wanted to get over their for their bbq special this trip.  we ended up getting there about 4:45 after reading that it opens at 4 pm with usually a good wait.  we were told at that point it would be an hour wait.  so we went to the bar and had a couple beers.  the homemade beers are tasty so if you like craft beer give em a try.  even if you don't they're a 1.75 and about 22 oz. so its a real good deal.  i had an ipa and an amber and my wife had a hefewizen.  definitely recommend the ipa.  we probably waited about 40 min before they called our number for our table.  i ended up getting the half slab and half chicken which was 9.99 and my wife just got the half slab which was 8.99.  with it you get a cup big cup of cole slaw and beans, two halves of corn on the cob, and a couple pieces of bread.  the food was outstanding.  for twenty bucks it was a ridiculous amount of food and it came out quick and it was so delicious.  definitely recommend walking over from the strip to try it out.
4	The secret is out. Ellis Island has great deals and if you want to take advantage of them, be forewarned... You aren't going to be the only person doing so! So you may have a little bit of a wait... But deals like those found at Ellis Island are worth a little patience. $1.75 for a beer brewed on-site... The only thing that may beat that bargain is the $7.99 steak dinner special that includes a beer. Yes, prices were cheaper a year or two back... They are still really low for a city will of places that charges $6 for a bottle of water and $18 for a Red Bull with vodka. Anywhere you can get 22 ounces of craft beer for $2 or less is a deal! For those of you looking to stay sober, they also brew a very tasty root beer.I went with my husband and his brother to Ellis Island for some cheap beer, dinner and gambling. It was a Tuesday night, we had about a 30 minute wait for a table in the restaurant so we sat down to play some video poker. My brother-in-law paid $2 to enter a slot tournament (they have them daily), ended up winning it and walked out with $114 and a story to tell his friends back home! The three of us had dinner and beers for $30, not a bad deal at all. The steak dinner special is what I had, they steak isn't anything you'd get at a fancy steakhouse but it's still good for the price, which also includes a potato and veggie side. If you are uppity and like to waste money, this place isn't for you. If you want to experience the charm of old Vegas without heading downtown, check out Ellis Island.
4	Cheap food, drinks, gambling... SCORE!! Shots at the bar--$3-4 for Irish car bombs and you can find black jack tables for $5 or so here and you monies will go a long way.  Their steak and eggs at the cafe isn't too shabby either and they have deals that include beer too... This time around, my friends and I wanted to kill some time during the day, so we wanted to find a place where we can get cheap drinks and gamble at the low min tables... and this is the spot! Only thing is that drinking too early may not be too good, because then everyone passes out early too!!!!! This time around I was able to try their BBQ... even tho it was over an hour wait time, it was definitely worth it and we were able to kill our time at the tables... We had the 1/2 rack or ribs and chicken special and the $2 beers... Our tab for 4 came out to be under $30, which is great for eating out in Vegas and we didn't finish our food...
4	The Special.I could eat this thing every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It's a helluva deal that can't be beat. Unless of course you're at the all-you-can eat buffet from 'Vegas Vacation.'RollsSaladSteakPotatoGreensGarlic breadANDa Beer!For seven bucks, you can't go wrong. This has been added to every single future Vegas itinerary. Thank you Las Vegas, only you could feed someone for so little.
4	Prices for beer went up to $1.75. NO CHILDREN allowed. The fire marshall made them get rid of the charcoal pit on the patio, so the ribs are no longer finished over an open flame. (I'm thinking someone forgot to mail the fire marshall his monthly payoff, but you didn't hear that from me).
4	I'm a fan!  For about $15-$18 per person for some bbq ribs and chicken with garlic bread, corn on the cob, coleslaw and beans, you can't go wrong!    Let me add a beer added to that price as well!On our recent trip to Vegas, a friend recommended this place and from the outside you would think, 'ok this place is gonna be a crap hole!'  It's a small place, I will say that, but once you sat down and got your food.  That was it, we were all grubbin and getting our eat on.  The food was great and for the price, even better!   I'd definitely come here again next time we're in Vegas!
4	This place seems shady when you first contemplate going into it but it's legit. The BBQ ribs are good here, okay better than good. It is definitely worth the one hour wait. The service is great and the people are nice. You get yours money's worth here. A full rack of ribs for like $12.99 or so with the player's club card.  Or you can opt for the combo where you get half a chicken and half rack of ribs with bread, corn, beans, and coleslaw on the side. Get the original ribs they are tender and great. The smoked ones are more dry and jerky like.Overall, I've been here 4 times, maybe more within the past year and each time waited the long wait and each time it was worth it.  Caution: be wise when you gamble while you wait.  Though this casino is small, it has some good food.  We always take people here when we come to Vegas.  It has become one of our regular places.
4	This review is solely for the karaoke.Still being a Vegas newbie I have been finding a lot of places word of mouth.  This is the classic example of that.  Cue scene: Me singing and another venue and making new friends.  We realize that getting on stage again isn't going to happen, and inevitably, someone will say, "Ellis".  With nods, grins, and everyone quietly repeating "Eliis" in approval, I decided to follow everyone over there.I loved how small the entire place was.  What I loved even more was the pricing of the beer-- $1.75.  The first time I was there I got the stout.  It was alright.  I'm very stout picky and prefer the imperial variety, but it wasn't bad.  The next time I got the IPA.  I haven't moved on.  It's the one for me.  If you ask for water, it's a bottle for $1.  One night they hassled me about a minimum to use  my card, and every other night it's been fine... so be aware of that.The books are huge.  They have ones by song title and ones by artist.  There are also many other songs that aren't in the books, so you can always ask.  Also, everyone is pretty friendly.  You can always strike up a convo with people visiting or the regulars.  My only issue is the queue.  Most nights I have gone tended to be from 30 minutes to 90 minutes to sing.  A lot of times  I've seen people get up 5-6 times while others have gotten up 2 times even though they have songs in... and it's not like the it was a quality of singing issue.  It actually upset some of the patrons so badly that they started complaining to me about it (like I could do anything) then the host.  Maybe the 5-6 time people were big tippers?  Maybe people were getting irritable because they had been there since 10 drinking and it was almost 3?  I'm not entirely sure.  Maybe I'm too easy going to care.With all that said, it really is one of the best venues for karaoke.  And as with all music and music venues, you can't really appease everyone.
2	beer only.i hate grading businesses poorly, but wow, the two beers i tried were bad. when i went, five beers were on tap: the hefeweizen, amber, stout, an ipa and i can't remember the fifth. the ipa is a new brew i was not expecting to find. as i've got a new found love of ipa's, i think my excitement showed in my face when the bartender mentioned they had an ipa. he quickly said, "i don't think it's strong enough." i wasn't sure what he meant, so i asked, "not strong enough in terms of hoppiness or abv?" he said it's not very hoppy.he gave me a sample and he was right. no hops at all, tasted like a lager. pass. now that i think about it, if he told me it was a lager, i probably wouldn't have minded it. i got the stout next, and while it was marginally better than the ipa, there just wasn't much flavor at all. i was so disappointed i considered abandoning the unfinished glass, but thought that would be rude.i may give their other beers a try if i've got time to kill, but i'd have a hard time recommending any craft beer fans visit this place specifically for the beer. it's cheap though, only $1.50 a pint.
2	Good food, great price, terrible service!  2 1/2 hour dinner, 1 he before drinks served. Yikes, it's not that good.
4	metro pizza.............. by the slice!!!
5	One thing to get here. STEAK AND EGGS! The best I've found so far in Vegas. It looks a little ghetto and stinky and dirty but sometimes those are the best places to go! Looks can be deceiving. They have pretty cheap tables too!
4	There is literally nothing better than a steak dinner special, with beer and tip, that can adequately be paid for with your last $10 bill. True, the green beans were a little rubbery and WAY too buttery, the steak was not bad and the potatoes were alright too.
3	Eh.  Well, we got the steak special thing (which is not on the menu) and while it was only $7.99 for a small steak, baked potato, green beans, salad/soup AND a beer, it wasn't that great.  The steak was not a good cut at all, and it was kind of tough.  I wasn't really impressed.The service isn't that great either.  She maybe came by once while we were eating.I don't know......  Is the $8 bargain worth tasteless food?  Meh, I'd rather not.  So check it out and see for yourself.
3	Steak special is good and the beer is great. The steak will be not the best cut but for $7.99 who can complain. The beer is why we go here. 22oz for $1.75 made in the on site brewery. Plenty of entertainment at the center bar. The clientele is shady so always fun to watch.
4	On the scale from 1-10, 10 being the jankiest of janky casinos, I would say this casino is about a 9. It's dark, dim, smoke-infested, and small in here. If you catch this place in the morning, you'll meet the night crawlers and it's not pretty here at the Ellis Island..But once you reach the restaurant, you'll literally realize, the grass is always greener on the other side. Steak & Eggs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=qcM6QdCRzuf-BDTznRHR2w$4.99! Uh, what?The steak was pretty delicious and tenderly cooked to my medium-rare option. Is it odd to say that I'm "an egg person?" I'm pretty much a sucker for anything egg and a fan of the runny yolk, on the top, side, or bottom of my food.  The 'taters were crispy golden brown and tasty. The sourdough bread toast (drenched with buttah) hit the spot.  So seriously.. $4.99?I know there are tons of places on/off the strip for cheap steak, but this is by far one of the places I can agree for its mind-blowing value. You can also opt out the egg, for a "steak dinner" - $6.99.Oh yes, this place is also a brewery, so our order of house Hef was $2. My mimosa was  $5 and it was kinda huge.So.. our 4 steak orders and 2 alcohol drinks under $30?If you lost your soul in what Jay B calls, "Lost Wages," come here. Your wallet will surely thank you, then give one swift kick to the groin.  Ellis will save you!
4	Don't judge a book by it's cover and don't turn up your nose when you walk into this dive of a casino located a 1/4 mile off the strip. The food in the restaurant is really good and it is a great deal. There is reason why people will wait for an hour to be seated. You can look at the other posts to see what you get with the steak special. Everything is tasty and homemade. I will just say this, I paid $15.99 at Outback for a top sirloin that wasn't nearly as good as the $8 Ellis Island steak. If you want ambiance and a romantic atmosphere-go somewhere else. If you are hanging out with your friends or family and want a good meal for a great price, Ellis Island is a sure winner.
4	I would never walk in here if it wasn't for the steak special. $6.95 for soup or salad, mashed baked or fries potatoes, green beans, a sirloin steak, and a beer! I've never sent a steak back, and I enjoy their stout and amber beers. If it wasn't so smokey I would stay and gamble, but this casino is about the smokiest place in town.
4	When you think of Vegas, you think of nice hotels, bright lights, good looking people. Ellis Island does not fit into that image of Vegas. It's one of the more ghetto parts of Vegas. People here around 3am are drunk and worn out from drinking/clubbin and aren't looking their best LIKE ME.HOWEVER, the restaurant is open 24 hours and has an AMAZING deal.4.99 Steak and Eggs! This is why I come here after fun night of drinking and clubbin.6oz ham steak that hits the spot served with hash browns, eggs, and toast. For this price, you can't complain and it'll satisfy your munchies, especially the drunken munchies.Definitely come here for late night cravings, or if you're broke from gambling and need some food to comfort you.
2	Heard the old sane, "you get what you pay for"?  The $6.99 steak was tough.  Salad, veggies, baked potato good. Beer very good.  Off the beaten track.  I would not like to walk to Ellis Island due to the iffy neighborhood.  There is karaoke at the bar. . .questionable group to say the least.  I've had better steaks at Burger Pit and Sizzler.
4	This is totally a local's casino.  But it does get its share of the well-informed out-of-towners, mainly because of the great BBQ and the value for your $ restaurant.The casino itself is nothing to rave about it, unless you want to save on cigerettes by inhaling free second hand smoke.  Parking is scarce however, and can be a pain sometimes.But the reason why I come to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is for the food.  For the price they charge, it really is a steal.  Of the food available here, the BBQ is definitely the better option.  However, their regular restaurant selections are good as well.I still have not been able to try their prime rib, as the last time I visited with my friends, who were in town for CES, the prime ribs were overcooked.  Our waiter told us unless we like prime ribs well done, it was best to try back another time.  So we ordered other stuff, and I think the best is their chicken fried chicken or chicken fried steak.   The portions are largeish.  Their house salad was good too, in a down to earth, diner salad kind of way.\Of course the visit was even better since there was hardly any wait at all, considering it usually takes 30 minutes or more, unless you go relatively early.Food - 4/5Price - 5/5Decor - 3/5Waitstaff -4.5/5And if you like beers, they brew their own!
5	At $5 a plate for a sizeable steak, two eggs, toast and house potatoes, you won't get a better deal in Vegas. Additionally, everything is cooked perfectly; the steak was deliciously grilled medium-rare, our over-easy eggs were super runny, the buttered sourdough toast was lightly crunchy, and they must sprinkle crack dust on their crunchy-golden outside and hot-and-fluffy inside house potatoes, because we could not stop eating them.  I'm told this is THE place to go after a night of partying, but we grabbed a late dinner there sober and it was STILL delicious. And as further proof (not that you need it), the taxi drivers eat there, so you know it's legit.
4	You can't beat this place for breakfast in Vegas. The $5 steak and eggs is sizable and tasty. There is no fuss over the presentation just good hearty food. Where else in Vegas can you feed 4 grown men for $30!?!
5	This is where the locals go, so when you're tired of the overpriced crap on the Strip, come here.The restaurant is excellent, the specials are super cheap and always delicious.  The ribs/BBQ area is also delicious, cheap, and always packed.  The NY pizza joint is supposedly run by actual New Yorkers, and it's great too.Gambling takes the form of a bank of slot machines (that pay actual coins!  holy crap!), a few low limit blackjack tables, a roulette table, and a craps table.  (I'm sad they got rid of the mini-craps table and replaced it with a full sized one, though.)  Come here if you want to kill some time gambling but don't want to melt your wallet.  There's also a small but comfy sports book, so if you're here with gambler friends and all you want to do is watch the game/race/whatever, there's a place for that too.As one might expect from the name, they brew their own beer (and root beer, and egg nog during the holidays) and it is all excellent.  And at $1 a glass (or free if you're gambling, of course), you absolutely cannot go wrong.  You can also take home half gallon "little brown jugs" for later enjoyment.  Try the heffie; you won't regret it.Only downside is that this place kind of has the "old" Vegas feel to it, so it's kind of dark and smoky.  But, every place in Vegas is smoky to a degree, so you get used to it I guess.
4	Ribs = amazing2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. This place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!
4	I couldn't believe it when I read reviews. $12.99 for prime rib? I've seen these ridiculous deals lit up in lights: "Bill's $4.99 Steak and Egg Breakfast!". I never thought I'd find myself sitting amongst the throng of old people and families waiting to gorge themselves on sub-par quality meat. I was fortunately able to avoid the drunk people at 6:30pm.But here I was, #51 at 6:30pm. A 45 minute wait 30 minutes into opening. Ridiculous! For $12.99, I ordered a thick piece of prime rib, juicy, tender, and flavorful. While it was no HOPR (house of prime rib in san francisco), it was pretty delicious. Maybe slightly tough in certain areas, but that comes with the territory. It came with a side of pre-packaged rolls, soggy beans and a disgusting baked potato that tasted like it came from a senior citizen home, but I'll just disregard that. Note: they do not offer delivery or take out.
5	If you don't like Ellis Island...I don't like you...end of story.Dollar for Dollar the best deals in Las Vegas!.BUT....DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN A HURRY!(Note: $6.99 steak special is now $7.99 and beers at the bar are now $1.75 [$2 in the restaurant])THE STEAK SPECIAL:6 oz thick cut sirloin, green beans, choice of potato (baked, fries, or mashed) salad or soup, bread AND a 20 oz Beer brewed on site all for $7.99. Of course it's not Del Frisco's, McCormick & Shmick's or similar...but it is still way above par for the value.The steak is perfectly cooked to order 90% of the time. The bread is bland...but on Tuesday's they always have Split Pea soup and it is EXCELLENT. Otherwise just stick with the salad. If Susie is serving that day, request her. Sweetest and hardest working gal in this town.*Note on service...to keep these prices what they are you have to cut corners somewhere. Servers typically have 5-8 table sections, and typically have 5-7 tables at a time...if you are in the industry RECOGNIZE this and have patience...if you have never worked in a restaurant, SHUT THE HELL UP and have patience.THE BBQ: (Only available from 4pm-10pm each day)With players card you can get a half rack for $7.99, a full rack for $11.99 and a half rack, half chicken combo for $8.99 (which is the best deal, but I hate BBQ chicken so stick with the full rack.)These are among the best, and most consistent ribs in Las VegasAlong with the ribs you get cole slaw (probably the worst on earth), garlic bread, corn on the cob, and baked beans (somewhat smokey and spicy to foil the rich sweetness of the bbq sauce.)The service in the BBQ is a direct result of a constant 45 minute wait from the time. Think of this place like the Soup Nazi, except it's the BBQ Nazis...do not ask questions, you cannot substitute, they don't do to go orders, and they WILL skip you if you complain about the wait. ******No one under 21 is allowed in the BBQ area****** So don't plan on taking the kids. There is also a Metro Pizza inside if you don't like (steak or bbq) which has 2 for 1 slices on certain days (i think monday or wednesday or both). Not the same quality of the restaurants but still good if you don't want to sit down and wait.OTHER HIGHLIGHTS:$5 table games  Karaoke at the bar 7 nights a weekvalue of the quality beer (Here again....it's not dogfish head or similar but a great value.) My favorite is the Amber.Although it's small they still have a sportsbookGreat frequent player program with lots of small prizes and giveaways nightlyTo sum it up...if you are staying at a 5 star resort on expense account this is probably not your place (unless, like me, you like to slum it) But for the locals and those looking for the great deals around town give it a chance...it's dirty, the people aren't exactly supermodels and they are often grouchy....but it has no pretense and it always delivers what little it does promise.
4	I was craving BBQ and decided to give this old casino a shot. After putting my name down on the list, I proceeded to the bar where I was able to drink $1.75 pints of amber ale. The beer was delicious. 45 minutes later, I got to beast on the half chicken and half rack of ribs. The chicken was moist, and the meat from the ribs had a great crispy char to it. Definitely worth a visit.
3	Bad service, GREAT barbecue!!! Great prices!!!They have a really good BBQ, take it from a BBQ lover such as myself. I would definitely go back, but I always forget about the long wait.
4	First time i saw this place my friends dragged me in to have me try what was said to be the cheapest best steak you can get in Las Vegas. You can read other reviews to get details, but it lives up to its reputation.Others rave about the BBQ although I have yet to try. But again, I am all about beer and anywhere you can get tasty locally brewed beers for less the $2, count me in.
3	OK for the price. Big portions but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.Onion rings : Decent, a little soggy.Loaded Potato Skins : Lots of bacon, chewy.Prime Rib: Cooked nicely (medium-rare) nothing special. The horseradish was weak and disappointing.
4	I'm a fan.  I've stayed all over Vegas, and certainly appreciate the grandeur available.  However, you can't beat the Ellis Island when it comes to bang for your buck.Connected to the Super 8, this casino offers cheap drinks, a very good restaurant at a great price, great service and cheap rooms.  You can't really ask for more. Plus, it's an easy walk to the Strip and the monorail station at Bally's.
1	The food may be cheap but you do have to put up with some atrocious customer disservice. From the maitre d to the waiter, everyone made it clear you are a bother and should just go away. You have to be pretty thick-skinned to put up with such nonsense for a big plate of meat.
3	We each ordered  1/2 a rack of baby back ribs (tender and delicious) that included ranch beans (undercooked), corn on the cob (previously frozen and mushy), coleslaw (tasty) and toast (cold). A few morning's later we returned for a breakfast. My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast (slightly overcooked) while I had the easy over eggs, sourdough toast (chewy) and breakfast potatoes (amazingly good).  Service this morning was excellent.
5	BEST MEAL IN VEGAS:$4.99 Steak + Eggs: Juicy, fatty steak with 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast w. generous amounts of butter! The steak cut in this deal is much better than the $7.99 deal.NOT WORTH IT IF YOU HAVE TO WAIT MORE THAN 30 MINUTES:$7.99 Steak + Potatoes: Steak (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.NOM NOM NOM FOR THE TRUE BALLERS. MEAT IS GOOOOOD!$12.99 Prime Rib Dinner: Prime (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.Both the root beer and beer are great! If you get the $7.99 or $12.99 deal with 2 or 3 friends who want root beer, split an order of vanilla ice cream for a QUALITY float. Start your night with a sugar rush!
2	This place sucks, food breakfast skillet was terrible, very little meat, old potatoes, mostly green peppers, and the beer I ordered never showed up. I sat with a view ofthe bar and it was made and waiting for me, food cane out an bill came out, beer still sat there, the waitress popped up twice ou of the wholeyime, took 10 minutes to pay for the check, asked 2 dofferednt propel to take. Our check, first said we'd had to wait or our waitress, second didn't eve. Say anything, just looked at us, and we wente drunk. Bot coming back
5	love this local gem its a bit of a secret, off the strip, but my go to when I'm in town, feels like visiting family...cheap food, loose slots, cheep bear, shady dudes, skanky women, fantastic! a couple of hours here and you will feel like nicolas cage  in leaving las vegas...pick the minds of the heardened vets @ the bar,,or the lovely ladies @ the cash cage for the ins and outs...serious this the unofficial embassy of vegas
4	Commenting on the steak and eggs special, Aaron says, "Pretttty gooood".
5	Don't leave Vegas without going to this dive....BBQ Ribs & Chicken (at the Brewery) are the best in town and cheap too (if you have your player's card)!!!
3	Though the wait was very long (40 minutes), the unpublished $7.99 steak meal was fantastic.  Decently tasty steak, a beer, soup, and sides for $7.99!  Amazing deal, above average food, and expectedly slow service.  The only major complaint is that the place is not ventilated well, and you are surrounded in a cloud of smoke for your entire wait.  4.5 stars on the food, 2-3 stars on the environment, service, and location.
4	This place is great. Not fancy. Filled with locals. You can walk to it from the strip. Great prices. The Breakfast Burrito was a 9 on the scale. Chicken Fried Steak was a 9 also. Next time we will do dinner here. You will not be sorry.
4	I Had A Great Time, $1.75 22oz Micro Brews, Karaoke Was A Blast, Hole In The Wall And I Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way!
4	You really can't go wrong with a steak dinner and beer for like 7 bucks. Our taxi ride to this casino from the strip cost more than that! The casino's actually not that far from the strip, but we were tired of walking after a full day of casino touring. We did however end up walking back because catching 2 cabs there is near impossible on a weeknight.Wait wasn't too bad, like 20 minutes, and you'll eventually get used to the cloud of smoke that you're breathing in... at least the beer will help wash that down!
5	The best bbq ribs and chicken ever.  For around $10 you can have half a slab of ribs and half a chicken, with or without bbq sauce, a side of slaw, beans, corn on the cob and slices of bread.  Those are your only options.  Either way, it's definitely one of the best kept secrets of Vegas
2	The first thing that hits you is the smoke. As a non-smoker, it sucks. But as a previous-smoker, I can deal. The only reason why I go to Ellis Island is for the free pizza and the free slot play for having the player's card.The Root Beer is the best ever though!
5	Oh man. YES YES YES. We felt like we walked through a wormhole and woke up in Vegas circa 1971. This was almost the highlight of our Vegas trip.Awesome bar, $1.75 22 oz brewhouse beers.$11.99 prime rib - including a free beerPlenty of TVs, great service, BBQ place on the corner and decent table games. This is a hidden gem locals only place by Vegas standards and it is absolutely fabulous.
2	We were advised that their BBQ ribs were to die for.  They do them special after 4pm, and we just had to do it.  So we did.  Frankly, they were adequate.  Nothing special.  I can think of two places near my home (Phoenix) that are better.  Not sure what my friend was thinking.But their brew was pretty good.We won't make a point of going back, but you could do worse.
4	My new favorite late night spot.I have been here twice. I order the special and another time I had the late night steak& eggs. Both times I order steak and it was pretty good both times. It was cooked the way I wanted it as well.  Yeah the wait staff may be a little slow at times, but the food comes out hot and quick.Hand down if you want cheap eat & music (sing a-long) come here and you will find it. Also they have karaoke as well, so check that out and you will hear a lot of folks that can't sing but will try when they are drunk as hell.
5	Found this place on a French Toast Review Forum. This place had votes for having some of the Best in Vegas (along with Bouchon)! Of course being a Breakfast Feen and a French Toast Junkie (at times), I made my way here..* I got here on a Sunday morning and there was an anticipated line but the Host noticed I was alone and quickly called me over and sat me right away. My server dropped off a menu pronto, as if I had a reservation waiting for me.. Coffee was poured soon after and order taken as well..Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast & Bacon: In my opinion, This was the Best French Toast I've had.. It was Pristine in every aspect of what I know a Traditional based French Toast should be. Now, I've had fancy shmancy French Toast with exotic fruits toppings, syrups, bread.. Some were decent some were great but my preference with French Toast is simple but done well. This particluar one was hands down, bow down, and praises to the chef/cook.. is on the top of my list. The saltiness of the long and medium cooked bacon (they weren't the 90% fat strips or short well done crispy strips) just brought it home! * Busser here was so attentive, well mannered, very friendly and very fast. I got better service here than 5 star/diamond restaurants!!! French Toast is A 100% Must Try for those of you that appreciate an exceptional straightforward blue collar approach that would rival the Best of em'! Atmosphere felt fine and comfortable (like any other 24 hour cafe/diner). To top off the icing, the meal was inexpensive! This little casino packs a Big French Toast Punch!!
3	The reason why I give it three stars is because of the size and the location (though I'm sure my review will be destined to change in an update in the near future once I start going back more!) It's relatively small, and I believe this is because they don't aim to be a casino that wants to attract a lot of attention from the bigger hotels of the strip. The location is mainly because of how the area is a *tad* bit sketchy, but when you're in a group you're perfectly fine.The best thing about Ellis is the cheap drinks, period. Also, the best thing is the tables. I've really enjoyed playing blackjack here on the tables, I've seemed to have gotten decent luck at them compared to the hotels on the strip and the local hotels. I've tried their brewed beers on site, and while I'm not *too* much of a fan, they're cheap enough to give it a go. I do overall like this place, and hopefully my review might be of a better one in the future when I return!
3	I would never go to this place if the didn't have the 7.99 steak deal. You get a large steak maybe 8 oz, green beans, house salad, pick a type of potato side and comes with a beer or root beer. The meal is a great deal. With that being said this place is a dirt hole. Example after I ate there walking out , a shirtless guy was being arrested. Same trip almost forgot that the paramedics were their inside haling some guy out . If you want cheap steak off the strip, and you love the film Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , check this place out you will feel like a scene  form the movie . If you go at night I'd go in a large group or hide your money in your shoe, Enjoy.
5	This review is for the lunch Steak Special in the restaurant.  I have had it 2 times now and WOW.  It is $8.00.  Serious food for the price.  The steak is not small by any means.  Service is always good and I always leave full.  Considering I can easily spend the same amount at some crappy fast food restaurant, this totally makes sense.
5	Excellent quaint little spot!  My girlfriend and I always stop by when we're in Vega$. It's not a large place, but they really make you feel like a local with the Vegas style and mood circa 1978. The beers are made there, and taste great! Sooo low cost. I had the Hefe beers and they were ice cold and tasty. We always spend a few hours here, playing Blackjack, slots, enjoying pizza slices, etc. Great place to visit! Note: we stayed at the Platinum Hotel which is also a great spot and within stumbling distance to Ellis Island. 5 stars to the staff as well. There was a girl selling tasty hot dogs on the slot floor for a dollar! She was fun, helpful and nice. Kudos to the mgmt here!
5	Can I tell you coming here was no disappointment. Not only did I get my moneys worth but dinner came with a free show. We did have to wait a while to be seated gambled with some people close to us on which table we would be seated at (we won) and ended up sitting between to drunk of their butt disoriented groups of men. Who were inevitably thrown out for their crazy behavior. A fight that started over which one of them supported the best football team of all time. Can you say major excitement?? " MAJOR EXCITEMENT" anyways about the food, we all ordered the 7.99 steak dinner and all decided to order a side salad and she told is it would be extra but in the mix and shuffle of the MAJOR EXCITEMENT she forgot to charge us. The food was delicious, I cant complain, everyone at the table cleared their whole plate and personally for me it was perfect portions. You cant go wrong with Ellis Island if you are on a budget.
5	This is the BEST place to get breakfast for super cheap! Steak and eggs for 4.99 yumm! The steak was perfectly cooked and big. Not nasty like Denny's. Love it! And their root beer is the bomb. I will be coming here every time I visit Vegas for sure.
3	We enjoyed our usual breakfasts on this trip; cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs for me.  Service in the morning continues to be very good.
3	this is an update for ellis island. My love and I came here last wknd and ate in the cafe part instead of the BBQ/Rib place to try the steak I've heard so much about. We ordered "the steak special" another one of LV's famous local kind of "off the menu item". guess its not so off the menu when I saw it on a billboard in the hallway by the RR. It was good but not unforgettable, but great value for the price. the place was popping and every single person around me ordered "the steak special" with baked potato which was really good. no cheese or bacon but comes w/ butter and sour cream you can add @ your own discretion (unlike longhorn casino that they pile a pound of each in ur potato and it must be removed)I want to say it also comes w/ a beer. you cant beat that deal. Id order it again, but only after finally trying the mr lucky special! TIP: dont forget the pick 6!
4	This review is for the steak and eggs special only.  This is an off-the-menu item.  It is five dollars for steak, eggs, potatos, and toast.  The price alone is unbeatable.  Combine this with the fact that its open super late, and it makes for some dank drunk munchies.  The service was fast and the servers were nice even though it was late into the night.  The steak was cooked how I wanted it, and while you can't expect Lawry's, for the price it is unbeatable.
3	4 stars people? Really?!? I think a lot of the time people go into a place with really low expectations and then when a place is better than they expected they think it is better than it is and rate it higher than they should. That has to be the case with the restaurant at Ellis Island. That's not to say the place isn't good because it is. I went there this past weekend when we were looking for a cheap steak and someone recommended this place. When we arrived we noticed that there was a big food truck festival out front. You would think with everyone eating from the trucks that the restaurant would be empty, but much to my surprise there was still a 30 minute wait for a table. Turned out that was good cause it gave me time to get a tetanus shot which should be required upon entering the building. After checking out the food truck festival and chatting with people at the Yelp booth I sat down at a video poker machine to gamble for a little bit until the table was ready. True story, one of the girls from the Yelp table took a break and came over to where I was playing video poker and hit on me! Awesome!! (for the record she was cute as hell, but I had other plans for that night). Okay, back to the review. When they finally got around to seating us and after looking at the menu we decided on the fillet special. For $7.99 you get a steak, vegetable, choice of potato, soup or salad and one of their homemade beers or root beer. I chose the salad, which legally qualified as salad because it had lettuce. Don't expect much from it though, it is literally lettuce, salad dressing, 2 cherry tomatoes and nothing else. It was fine, but nothing special. When the dinner came, I was a little disappointed in the vegetable offering. The special came with green beans, but I don't like green beans so I asked if there was another vegetable offering and the waiter offered to replace the green beans with the mixed vegetable which turned out to be more green beans with some corn and carrots mixed in. I didn't try them. My friend had the green beans and initially said they were good, but then didn't eat them, so take from that what you will. The baked potato was perfectly fine. It's kinda hard to mess up a baked potato and they didn't. The steak was a very pleasant surprise. I honestly didn't expect much from a $7.99 steak in this kind of place, but it was very good. Tender, no real gristle cooked exactly as I had ordered it. I ate every bite and was very satisfied by it. Having major drinking plans for later that night, we just got the root beer as our drink. I have to say, the homemade root beer was damned tasty. And I highly recommend that! The service was okay, but we weren't offered any dessert. The atmosphere was like a Coco's that hasn't been updated in 30 years and was quite loud. So look, is the place bad? Definitely not! Is it worthy of 4-stars? Absolutely not! Was it the best $7.99 steak I have ever had? YES! I can't say I would go back and I can't say that I would recommend it, but I wouldn't avoid going back and wouldn't tell anyone else to avoid it either.
4	Great place came down here and got the steak speical. The steak and potato were not seasoned but my wife and I only paid 17 dollars for a meal and two micro brews not bad for 7.99. We will definitely go back sometime just so we will not have to cook.
3	Kind of a dive but great value and decent breakfast. I had an omelette which was basic but what I expected. Next time I'll try the steak and eggs.It's walking distance from the Bally and Westin.
3	Hungover and staying on the strip joint..  Otherwise, I wouldn't make a huge trip for it..
5	We ordered a stout and a IPA. Both tasted the same. My woman described both as " cool ranch Doritos". I wonder too why my IPA tastes like her stout. No hop profile. I think both taste like cheap butter. But for $1.75 each pint, I'll drink Dorito crusted butter. The old hag smoking on the other side of the is missing some teeth.
1	By far the absolute worst "steak" I've ever had. The salad was nothing more than a (as in one) cherry tomato, iceberg lettuce and dressing, my "rare" steak came out cooked all the way through and tasted like sawdust. No amount of A-1 would help get that thing down. The green beans were soggy. The only thing that was decent was the potato, but it would take some real skills to mess up a potato. The beer (hef) was a little too sweet for my taste, but it wasn't horrible.Bad food is one thing, bad service makes it so much worse. I couldn't tell if the waitress hated her customers or her life more. She would disappear for long periods of time. Not that the restaurant was busy... There were only about 5 tables occupied. We never did get our bill.... 40  minutes after we asked her for it we just left more cash than we probably should have on the table and left. Please do yourself, your taste buds and your stomach a favor and eat somewhere else. If you are really looking for food on the cheap check out the dumpsters behind any of the better hotels. It'll probably taste better. Or go to. Mr. Lucky's and get the triple 6 deal. $6.66 for steak, shrimp and potato.
3	$1.75 draft brews...enough said.  It is off the strip and kind of divey, which is fine by me.  They offer cheap beer, cheap games and karaoke.  Who can ask for more?  If you want the glitz & glamour, go to one of the major casinos on the strip.
5	for the restaurant (breakfast)one of the best chicken fried steaks (pork) I've ever had.nothing unique but I mean it in a good way.  they don't mess around.  just really well done.  delicious gravy.the corn beef hash is really good.good cheap vegas prices and huge portions.i'm hesitant to bring my kids cuz it's right next to the casino and smoky.
5	1.50 excellent micro brew, 24 food and pizza spot, cheap gambling, strong drinks, what more could u ask for?
2	I dropped in on a recommendation for a place to get a quick, cheap meal.  This is what I got when I ordered the steak special, which is a 10oz steak, vegetable, and baked potato, all for under $8.   The steak was a bit overcooked and tough, and the rest was unremarkable.   I got what I paid for, and considered giving the place 3-stars for value alone - hey . . . its an EIGHT DOLLAR steak.
2	I have to update the stars on this place. As you can read in my review, I was pretty drunk when I ate here. I went back on a sober day and it was a big mistake. I wish I would have kept that idea in my mind. The 5 star idea. I was crushed, crushed to try the food and not understand why it didn't taste like I remembered, like I remembered the last time I ate there. Why don't you taste the same? I understand now that it was 4am. I was drunk eating. If there was such a thing as food patrol, I would have received a well deserved ticket on food alteration based on the level of alcohol in my body.   This was the cause for me giving them 5 stars before. But..........I have an obligation to warn you. Pros: Open 24 hours. Cons: Service, food, food and food. Sorry Ellis. You are that friend I will not really talk to anymore. I thought you were cool. I thought wrong. :(
4	I had the prime rib and it was pretty good.  It was $13 and it came with a salad and a beer.  They have their own micros and they are decent as well.  I will probably stop by tomorrow and check out their BBQ.
4	$1.75 locally made microbrews, average pizza in the back (Metro).I had the BBQ last trip out and it was good and cheap.They have a really active karaoke in the evenings, seems like a ton of locals and few tourists.  Besides the cheap good beer, this place is real, and in a city where so much is fake, that's refreshing.
4	Why didn't I come here when I was drunk at 4am and craving a steak and shrimp special in Vegas?!?!?!  Well, after being disappointed that all the steak specials in downtown Vegas end before midnight, I ate some shitty greasy pizza and that did not satisfy my craving for drunken steak. So after partying all night, I woke up still craving a steak special and headed on over to Ellis Island! Keep in mind this is slightly off the strip and a dump, so do not by any means expect the flashiness of newer Vegas. The $7.99 steak and beer dinner is a secret menu special, which I don't get why but whatever. I don't care much for beer and I had had enough alcohol the night before, so I got a little fancy and went for the $10 steak and shrimp special. My special came with steak, fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a salad. The salad sucked!!! The Italian dressing was really oily and the salad tasted not so fresh. My steak and shrimp however were so good!!!! I asked for medium well, and I definitely got it. The mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious and went great with the steak and shrimp. I tried the beer that came with my friend's steak specials, not so impressive, but then again I don't like beer, so don't listen to me lol. One of my friends steaks was not so great, he asked for well and I think got medium, which he was not nuts about. I just read there's $10 rib and chicken special!!! That's enough to bring me back!!!  Not gonna lie though, the service is kinda shitty, so I think overall Ellis Island gets 3.5 stars. I agree with all the other reviews that say you should come when you're shitfaced. You won't care as much about the bad service, and your food will probably taste way better.
4	4 stars, and a solid 4 stars at that.First of all, let me tell you if you're looking for foo fancy shmancy eating this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for a budget place where you can get a solid breakfast, lunch, or dinner with tasy food this place is great. They have great breakfast with a steak & eggs combination on the cheap. Also, they have a special for a beer, steak, and fries (or baked potato) that is very tasty for $8. You got that right $8. I know some places in DC where I can even buy a beer for $8. This is where the gambling gods have blessed you with cheap and tasty food all the time. They also have great Microbrews and pizza - this is a mans place.I will say that this place is a dump and they definitely could remodel it or possibly keep it cleaner. I'll have to visit this place again and again after going there several times on my last Vegas trip :)Definitely a great place to check out if you're in Vegas!
5	My friend took a taxi from the airport to Imperial Palace and the taxi driver told them that they must try Ellis Island Baby Back Ribs for only $12.99. So we unpack our stuff and hunt down this place because we were so hungry.We finally found it but we had to wait 40 minutes. While waiting, my friend Jesse and I hit up the Blackjack. After 30 minutes or so, we both came up. I won $40 and he won $100. We left the table since we won and our table was coming up. I was hella happy when I won. FREE MEAL!!! LOLAfter winning $40 bucks at Ellis Island, we sat down and ordered the Full Baby Back Ribs for $12.99 with our Players Card. The ribs came with two corn on the cob, side order of bbq baked beans, and cold slaw. All that for $12.99 and the food was freaking juicy, tasty, delicious, and mouth watering. We wanted to come back here before we head to the airport but we had no time. Next time I am reserving time for Ellis Island BBQ joint!
5	WAIT WAIT WAIT.......... 5 stars for food and beer only @ the BBQ restaurant next to the brewery...OK, Ellis Island is a dump of a casino, it looks old but it has three things going for it...........BBQ baby back ribs, BBQ chicken and onsite brewed beer. They cook the ribs in the parking lot as you enter from Koval.They brew their own (multiple beers). $1.75 for an 20 ounce glass...... And they make (non alcoholic) root beer too............... I'm hooked on the lite beer.OK, here is my humble opinion. I can drop a $100+ bucks easily on myself for dinner at the right place 7 days a week if I wanted to. I just wanted to be clear that I'm not cheap.Ellis Island was mentioned to me about two years ago and I finally went in June 2011. I'm not a fan of BBQ because I don't like the mess and usually the lack of meat on the rib bones. You WON'T have that problem here. For $13, you can get at least an 18 inch+ rack of baby backs, (BBQ beans, slaw, bread and corn on the cob very average). You can also get a rib/chicken combo. There is a pizza place within spitting distance that serves great pizza by the slice that you can bring to the table (our appetizer).I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK........... And I'll get two racks of ribs next time because they were that damn good and cheap.BEWARE, IT'S POPULAR, SMALL AND THERE WILL BE A WAIT. SO DRINK UP!!!!FYI, It's behind Bally's to the east.
5	$12.99 for a FULL SLAB OF BABY BACK RIBS. That's all that's needed for the review - The End. Well, I'll elaborate more because this place rocks. Every Vegas trip should include a visit to Ellis Island Casino. First off the ribs are cheap and good, for $12.99 you'd expect microwaved pre-packaged ribs but NO, these are actually cooked on site on a BBQ (on the patio even!)I've waited 2 hours to eat these ribs before. People  wait because it's good and filling; Corn, Bread, Beans and Ribs...the perfect meal. The beer is cheap and microbrewed...YES MICROBREWED (try the dark ale).The best place about this place...not only is the beer severed in foam cups but the whole place is dark and smells like a wet carpet, but that's what makes this place so awesome. It is a ghetto ass place and doesn't try to mask it...it is what it is and that is an off the strip,  "old school" Casino with no bells and whistles. It really does looks as if the place hasn't been upgraded since 1972 and is owned by some dude named "Lefty"...that's the charm of the place. This place has all the attributes I appreciate; Ghetto, Stinky, Cheap...but oh so fulfilling - No, I'm not talking about my old girlfriends either, wait a minute...
4	EI is supposedly a locals spot and popular among the college crowd for the cheap beer. Well, I've lived in Vegas for 14 years and I went to UNLV for 4, and I just recently visited for the first time. It was for the Food Truck Smashup last month. While the event itself was pretty good, I wasn't impressed with EI. I thought the porter I had was decent, but the hard lemonade was disgusting.Luckily, first impressions aren't always all that lasting. I went back with a super Yelp crew for Bobby Y's birthday. We ate at the BBQ restaurant and I am happy to report that it was pretty damn good. Some of us ordered a full rack of ribs while others got half ribs and half chicken.Do yourself a favor. Order a full rack of ribs. There's nothing wrong with the chicken, but it pales in comparison to the ribs. I dare say that they are some of the best ribs in Vegas. OK so that's not a difficult thing to do. Outside of Top Notch BBQ, we don't have a lot of good BBQ in Vegas. Why is that?Anyway, I'm now a fan of EI. I would most definitely return for another BBQ plate.
5	Ok, I will admit that I wasn't  crazy about the scenery at this place, but I had the best steak ever for $10...  Great food for cheap prices.  My only other complaint aside from the scenery is that you cant bring in the food from the rib place to the restaurant area, which got on my nerves because we had children with us who only wanted ribs, yet they were on the menu in the restaurant?     There's two separate eating areas, one for bbq ribs and one that's just like a restaurant, which confused the hell out of me because if it's in the same casino area, why be so stingy?   Whatever, point blank the food was great and an affordable price too!
4	I came here for the karaoke. I was not disappointed. Some of the best karaoke singers I've ever heard.
3	Expect an hour wait if you come here on a Sunday during lunch-time!
2	Hey yall,KK heres a recent review from my trip to Vegas. I was actually a little disappointed mainly with their service more then food. They had some specials going on the night I went so the prices were good for what we were eating. the only problem is... they messed up my order twcie. not just once, but TWICE! seriously! very disappointing. Overall food taste was ok. They had this weird setup where even though their tables were clean and empty. parties had to wait about 15 to 20 mins before getting a table! and that confused me alot. I knocked it down to two stars for the messup on my food, and the odd seating that they had us wait for an empty restaurant.
4	I have only been here for late night dining...like REALLY late...2am or later. I think this is a real gem!! The price for the delicious food is amazing. I have been coming here since 1999 and I always love it. I love ordering the Italian items on the menu. The sauce is always so good...home made for sure and the meatballs are really good. I have heard they have  really good fish and chips too but I have never gotten past ordering the Italian food! I don't know if I would go here for breakfast but it is perfect for late night when you are starving!
4	This place is more than enough. Treated my friends here after an exhausting trip to wet republic at MGM on a sunday afternoon. We Literally ordered the boogee'st items on the menu just cause we found $300 laying around the pool area at wet republic and why not, it's vegas?Place smells like smoke etc, but the food is more than average.
4	Hubby and I hiked over to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on our first night in Las Vegas...it was well worth the trip. We had a 45min wait before we could get seated so we tried our luck at their slots...I won $90 yeah me!! We both ordered the "off the menu" steak special and it tasted great!! I had a beer with my meal and it was good, my hubby tried the root-beer and said it was yummy too. I highly recommend this little hole in the wall place for a good affordable meal in Las Vegas...a couple blocks and a world away from the strip. We will be back on our next trip.
4	So, this place is definitely a hike from the south side of the Strip, but it was totally worth the trip. They make their own salad dressings, beer, and root beer among other things. The Italian dressing was really tasty. I also had the Ellis chicken with rice and corn, all of which was great! The root beer was ok. the price is the best part - incredibly reasonable! I would definitely come back here again, although perhaps next time by bus.The casino itself smells like smoke and the decor is older, but if you're going for new and pretty and you want food of the same caliber, then you're going to pay significantly for it on the Strip. Most of the staff are really nice as well.
3	Me and my brother walked into this place and entered the bar to the left. Oh the Karaoke is sooooo loud! The Drinks are great. $1.75 for their own brewed beer. WHOOHOO! We weren't able to try the food because they had the kitchen closed for cleaning that night. Watching and listening to people singing their lungs out can be fun, interesting, and painful. Overall, thumbs up for the beer, thumbs down for the atmosphere.
3	Ended up here hungry at 2AM. Paid 3 bucks for the breakfast platter. The biscuits, gravy and sausage were great but, those eggs. Man I did NOT feel good after eating those. They were pretty tough. The place looks fun!
3	Originally I was going to give this place two stars, so consider this a 2.5 I guess. I was out showing some new friends around Las Vegas and taking them to the more out of the way places tourist typically do not see. I thought Ellis Island would be the kicker for the night, because all four of the boys (Marines, btw) really wanted to do karaoke.We arrived there a little after 11 PM and went to the karaoke bar and the place was pretty crowded. It looked like your Ellis Island crowd. I have been to Ellis Island before, just not to the karaoke part. Well we all got in no problem and grabbed some beers at the bar. Okay, they have incredibly cheap drinks. $1.75 for a beer. Crazy cheap. We all ordered a round of their in house light beer. Yes, they do brew their own beer, pretty cool. The boys went and selected their songs and my friend (who is a local) and I hung out to stalk a table.Eventually a group left and we got a pretty sweet table in the back with a good view of the stage. Everything was going pretty cool - except for the fact the place was stifling hot! I don't know if they're trying to save money by not cranking up the AC, but when there are that many people in an old bar, you better get some AC running!! It did cool down, but being in a hot bar is just gross.As we waited for the boys' names to be called we had another round and this time tried the Hefeweizen beer. Whoa. It tasted like orange juice, just straight up OJ with a splash of beer. I didn't really like it, neither did anyone else.Finally the boys names came up and they went to sing. The first one went and then we waited. And then the next boy got called. Well, they were planning on singing a duet song (Brooks & Dunn I think) and the lady running the karaoke wouldn't let them! She said they couldn't because the first guy had just gone up to sing. It was a shame. Plus right after that they let another girl go up who had just been up on the stage about 20 minutes earlier. Just seemed eff'd up to me and we were all kind of pissed about it.So, we left on a sour note. We didn't feel like waiting around through another 10 singers just for the boys to get another chance to sing.It was pretty obvious they were letting people who are regulars there go up on the stage multiple times, but first timers not so much. I get it, it's a local place and a local event and that's who they're catering to - but they made ME feel bad because my friends got skunked out of doing karaoke! This night just left a bad taste in my mouth (with the bad Hefenweizen and the situation).
3	Smokey Casino, Good Prices , What i had was so-so: 10 oz. Top Sirloin (Good) Baked Potato (Old) Green Beans (Not fresh and under cooked).  Good beer Though (Cold).. I don't feel cheated for $10 bux but i won't go there for a while.. ;)
4	Not a bad place for cheap eats, esp since everything else on the strip costs big bucks!My hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods.  We brought our 5 month old and they seated us all the way in the back so we couldn't smell the smoke.
5	Holy crap... just went again and realized beers were $1.75. Is it possible to rate a place 6 stars?
5	The best steak dinner in Vegas for $8! And it came with a big glass of tasty dark lager too!! We visited on Fri June 17 at 7pm and barely waited 20 minutes for a table. This deal is not on the menu, just ask for it. Our server was excellent, steak cooked just right and tasty. Your meal comes with salad, steak, baked potato, green beans and that tasty beer. This will be one of our regular stops when we visit.
4	$4.99 steak and eggs!!!! Yum yum yum! They give you a huge steak cooked almost to how you like it and though its not the most tender, what do you expect for $4.99? Their eggs are pretty well cooked and they give you two slices of bread cut in half already pre-buttered and with a bowl little packets of strawberry or grape jelly.We also ordered a side salad and a bowl of their clam chowder. Damn, there were a lot more clams and much more flavor in their chowder than in lets say... San Franciscos chowder!!! What the heck?? I can't believe I preferred theirs instead of the home of chowder, SF! Even my friend agreed theirs was better. Lots of clams in each spoonful :). The salad was a typical iceberg salad with tomatoes, onions and dressing on the side. Good way to "be healthy".Don't expect much for $4.99 but seriously, it's worth way more! :)
1	The person who seated us was as charming and cheerful as a jail keeper. We ordered 2 Caesar salads (one chicken one beef), 2 glasses of wine (one white one red) and a spaghetti meatballs for the kids. The only thing positive to mention is that the salad was fresh and clean... The meat (both kinds) was probably cooked at least hours (if not days) earlier and therefore as dry and hard as cardboard. The dressing is more mayonnaise than anything else close to Caesar's dressing. The meatballs were not that great either but the pasta was OK. The waitress was nice and was helpful. It is cheap in all the meanings of the word.I looked at the yelp recommendations to choose this place and that was a real disappointment. There must be other places with a better value in Las Vegas. Avoid it if you can.
3	Off the beaten path.. but a good place for cheap eats is right!  Nice menu selection and totally affordable... my friends and I (total of 4 of us) ate for like $30 total.  Can't beat that!I had the breakfast skillet with eggs, bacon, sausage and potatoes with a cup of coffee and it was good.  Not bad at all!
5	STILL THE UNDEATED HEAVY WEIGHT CHAMP OF FOOD/ VALUE IN VEGAS.Beer Still $1.75Ribs Still cheap with players cardsWait still sucks, but hell 2 outta 3 aint bad.As always friends and neighbors, when it comes to Food, Drink or overall Value...... Always trust a FAT MAN!  :)Cheers!Pat WaltersAnaheim, CA
4	If you're looking for a good place to hang out that's not too far from the strip this place is for you. cheap drinks, good food and a lot of karaokeing. They have some very good bbq ribs,some of the best in Vegas, half hour to at least 1 hour wait on most nights. 20 oz microbrewed beer for under $2. Pizza steak and eggs prime rib. The parking garage is small and gets full but there lots of parking around the motel or surrounding casinos just longer walk over.
5	I love this place.  It's not the most extravagant place in Vegas, nor the friendliest, but I always have the most fun here whenever I come to town.  It doesn't hurt that I always seem to win here too!
4	Cheap good food
4	Now my review is under different circumstances from others. I  came here with a party of 7 and we were in a RUSH for the Burlesque show at the Flamingo. For example, we decided what to order while we waited for our seats and asked for the check immediately after the last plate landed on  the table. This was a speedy meal. I ordered the Steak and Shrimp and it was pretty damn good especially considering the price, which is $12.99 I believe? It came with soup or salad. The ambiance of the place is decent, Ive seen better decor in other restaurants. I came on a Monday and there was only 3 servers. The table next to us dine and ditch and that little fiasco slowed down the service for us.All in all, I would love to come back and enjoy a normal meal.You should give it a shot!
5	I am giving up five stars on this bad boy. This is almost always the first or last place we hit when we visit Las Vegas. This review will serve the Restaurant only. BBQ and Pizza are for another review. The best deal in town for a beer and a great meal. Hands Down. I have had several items here including the steak special, chicken parm, prime rib, and a fried chicken special. All were delicious. Some of these mentioned dishes I've had multiple times and will continue to do so.  It is a smokey locals type of casino. They pretty much always make you wait even if they have many empty tables. It could be to fill up "other tables" in their building for a little while before you eat. It never seems to be as long a wait as the hostess says anyhow. I always look forward to a great meal before lots of drinking in Vegas and a recharge before we drive home. My girlfriend also loves the Cobb Salad. The beer is great. I've had all of them and the root beer. The stek special includes a beer and they are $1.75 for a 22 oz.er. Take a short cab here from your strip hotel. Eat a great meal. Spend very little money and then walk back to your hotel passing the corner where Tupac was shot on the way home. Koval and Flamingo.
5	This review applies only to the cafe inside Ellis Island and only for the $8 steak dinner. Here's the deal - if you want a steak dinner with baked potato or fries, salad, a side veg and a beer for 8 bucks, this is the only place in town.   The kids order the root beer - which is brewed on site, and hubby and I enjoy a micro brew. We've had this meal four or five times since we found out about it, and everything has always been perfectly cooked.  The steak is right on, the green beans crunchy, the salad cold and crisp, the baked potato piping hot and just done.  The food is fresh, and not over salted.  Simple, but it hits the spot.  The portions are generous, and we always end up with leftovers.Yes, you have to walk through a noisy, smoky casino.  Yes, the wait will be at least 20 minutes.  Yes, occasionally the server's demeanor can be a tad abrupt - but at least they are fast - that's what happens when people pack into a restaurant for an 8 dollar steak.   Don't expect the server to have time for small talk.  We try to be organized so the server doesn't have to make special trips to our table.  We think about how much the same meal would cost us at another microbrewery and try to keep that in mind while tipping.  Why should the server be penalized because the steak is such a good deal?If you are delicate about things like cig smoke,crowds and waiting, it might not be worthwhile to you, but it is to me!
5	The locals roll here for late nights eats. Steak and Eggs for $4.99. The best value. If you have another spot please share. This is a nice cut of meat and cook perfectly.  I went the first night and ordered the S & E special finished it and ordered another one. Then went back the next morning. Tasty. I recommend.
4	When we were waiting for our car to be brought around, one of those timeshare salesmen came up to us and asked us if we had time for a presentation later that afternoon.  Thankfully, we did not and he asked where we were headed.  We said that we had wanted to grab some breakfast before our family activities and he said, "Forget the buffets, go down the street to Ellis Island!  I swear it's a local favorite and the only place I take my visiting friends and relatives for breakfast." So we decided to take this stranger's advice and headed a bit off the Strip to what seemed to be a very depressing, realistic and non-glitzy part of Vegas.  But we braved the smokey filled casino and headed towards the restaurant in the back.  Needless to say, we were pleasantly surprised at the level of friendly service and delicious food.  Steak and eggs for $5?  Surely you jest.  But the steak was made to order, the eggs were tasty... actually, everything was tasty.  We could overhear people in other booths around us saying how this was the only place they ate breakfast whenever they were visiting, or how some were actually locals.  So thanks, George, for recommending this place.  We'll hit it up again the next time we're through your part of the world.
5	WOW!!  Hubby's friend recommended us the Ellis Island cafe.  Since we don't feel like buffet, we gave it a try.  We were told there might be a wait of at least half an hour but we got lucky and got seated right when we got there.Weren't expecting much judging by the look of the place but boy were we surprised!  Ordered the $8 steak, $12 prime rib and the fish & chips for the little one.  Both the steak and prime rib dinner came with 2 sides, bread, salad & a root beer.  The meat came out perfectly just the way we wanted.  The portion of the fish & chips is huge and it's really really good.  Our waitress was friendly, helpful and service was great!We'll definitely recommend it to anyone who's in the area.  It's a gem!
5	This place is amazing! The $8.99 half a rack of Ribs are the best not only in Vegas but anywhere else I've been from California to Kansas City! A for sure knockout "undercover" spot next time you visit Vegas!
5	Fantastic.  Just fantastic.I came here during dinnertime specifically for the BBQ.  I was told there was a wait time for indoor seating, but I could sit at the outside tables for immediate service.  The decision seemed rather obvious.  It was moderately hot out, but not so bad in the shade.  I placed my order and within 5 minutes was served.  I got the full rack of ribs (after reading all the reviews that recommended it), and I'm glad I did.  It was delicioso, and tasted even better with the BBQ sauce.  All for only $15.This place's only fatal flaw?The lack of sides.  No baked potato, no french fries, no mashed potatoes.  I've never had BBQ without some sort of spud before.  The plate is served with cole slaw, chili, corn on the cob and bread and butter, though.  But with no option for french fries, I left feeling oddly...unfinished.  (Granted, it took me into half the ribs to realize the lack of it!)Great ribs.  Great value.  Not so great choice of sides.But it comes highly recommended from this dude.
3	It was good, but didn't live up to the hype.  I can see how this place would be insanely awesome if you were drunk, but sober ehh, it's OK.  First, you have to walk through potentially the worst smelling (smoke) casino in all of Vegas to get to the cafe, which is non-smoking, so that's a plus.  The decor is nothing special, kind of reminds you of something you'd see in a movie set from the 70's.The food is average, nothing special.  I had the prime rib dinner, it came with a baked potato, green beans a salad and a rootbeer (if you're over 21 the rootbeer can be substituted with one of their house crafted beers).  It was $12.99.  The price is great, but can easily be beat at 777 Brewery at Main Street Station and the food and ambience is better.  My friend had the chicken dinner and it was dry and over cooked.Potentially the breakfast food is better, I don't know. But I'd say you can find much better, in the same price range elsewhere, ie 777 Brewery, which is also 24/7.
4	Best cheap eats around! Love the $6.99 steak dinner with potato, salad and fresh vegetable. Add in a beer or root beer and you can't beat it. Consistent, clean, friendly and quick! You can even use points! The bbq joint is also excellent, if you don't mind no frills... q served on paper plates with plastic utensils. Always a wait, but again, the quality for the cost is what is the draw. A fun place!
5	came here with a group of friends after a long night of partying, around 3:30am, had an amazing steak breakfast for $4.99.  We did not waste anymore money on buffets after this.  Period. I was with a large group of 8 ppl and no one had even a crumb left on their plate.
5	Value rules at this casino and especially its restaurant. I ate here 3 times on a my latest visit to Las Vegas and all 3 meals were excellent. I had the $7.99 sirloin steak special, the $4.99 steak and eggs breakfast special and lastly the $12.99 prime rib dinner. The dinners come with your choice of draft beer selections from the in-house brewery or a root beer. They also include a salad, tasty sourdough rolls & butter, baked potato and a vegetable. For the vegetable they served French green beans (haricots verts) which had been sauteed with garlic, butter and lemon and herbs, I think. They were hands down the best I have ever eaten. This is a busy place and one time I had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. But you can gamble in the casino while you wait and the announce your name when your table is ready. Service is good and I found absolutely nothing to complain about at Ellis Island.There is also a separate BBQ restaurant and a Metro Pizza ere, neither of which I have tried.
4	This place is great - it has great food for very reasonable prices.The best deals - $4.99 steak and eggs and the $7.99 steak combo (off the menu - you have to ask for it).The problem is that the $7.99 deal used to be $5.99 and also you have to wait in line a lot (they don't take reservations).
4	After many years of traveling to Las Vegas, I finally made it to Ellis Island last month. It's not far from the strip at all. My wife and I decided to stop in for a quick drink before getting ready for dinner. I had the stout and she had the root beer. The stout was ok, it seemed to lack a little depth of flavor but her root beer was tasty. (Incidental, her root beer cost a dollar more than my stout, weird.) We played video poker at the bar and made a few bucks, so they ended up paying for our drinks plus a little. Overall, not a bad place. I do want to go back and try the BBQ there. Will I be back. Yes, at some point I will... I just won't be in a rush to get there.
5	I came here last year and that's all it took to get 5 stars! The best steak I have ever had in my lifetime and I've had eaten many all over the place, also was the cheapest in price! I don't know how this was only a 4/5? This place not only had the best steak but the best price for it plus 2 large sides that I couldnt even finish due to the LARGE STEAK for $10. Also had the best ROOT BEER in the world! It tasted like Dr. Pepper to me, but damn the best Root Beer/Dr Pepper ever. Made fresh as well. If you want to come and save some $$$ with GREAT FOOD come to Ellis Island everyday on your visit and you wont be disappointed one bit and your poop will be larger than life! lol! I know when I turn 21 the first place Im going to is ELLIS ISLAND..with that being the last place as well!
2	I do not understand how people rave about this beer?!? This beer is the typical "wannabe breweries" here in the US. The beers are very weak and lack any serious flavor and depth which comes from cheap ingredients and shoddy brewing.They do have some good deals on food..I will give them that."side note" As being on the receiving end of alot of the victims in my ER....do not park in their garage..especially at night. Alot of muggings and such.
4	Top sirloin for $7?  With a microbrew beer, mashed potatoes, and green beans?  That's a damn good deal.Granted, the beer isn't great, but it is decent.  The green beans aren't the best made, but definitely suffice.  The mashed potatoes aren't spectacular, but they're definitely tasty.  But the steak is well made, juicy, and totally worth it.  Even if it was $10, I'd buy all that.  Next time I hit Vegas and I haven't won a jackpot, I'm going here!
4	The ribs were GOOD!The service wasn't bad but it wasn't great. The menu is simple and I liked that. The house beer was actually pretty tasty for 1.75.The sides were pretty nasty the baked beans and Cole slaw Yuck.And right when I was seated I got bbq sauce on my shirt, which means the table wasn't clean.Overall I say: Try it. You'll like it.
3	Heard from a friend that this place had great steaks so I had to try it out... It was ok considering you had to wait an hour and a half.  There are other areas serving comparable meals within the same price range for less of a wait.
3	This review applies only to the cafe', I did not experience anything else there.I ordered the 10oz. top sirloin special. It comes with a nice serving of green beans, a choice of potato, dinner roll, a few packs of saltine crackers, and choice of soup or salad, and 20 oz of "Beer", if you are not into alcohol, then they have Root Beer.They advertised that it came with a broccoli spear, but my plate was missing it.I ordered the steak to be "Medium-Well", it came out barely cooked enough to be called rare. I sent it back, and it came back medium. I think their roaster is too hot, because there was a nice and good char on the outside, but the heat doesn't get to the center.The potato was also quite a bit hard, which is an indication of under-doneness.This is a very good value.The server was nice and friendly.
5	Food is really good. Their country fried steak is really good especially the mash potatoe
3	Dive casino and basic cafe.  But the price is great, $8 for a steak and sides, including beer or root beer, great deal.  Waiter was nice, food was good.  Mind you, this is basic chow, not a fancy cut of meat, I think it was top sirloin, but it was good and cooked correctly.
4	About seven dollars for a steak and a beer? Count me in. Steak wasn't the best I've ever had, but for a price like that, I can deal with it. Especially since you also get soup/salad, a dinner roll, and a potato (cooked in any of the usual ways: fried, mashed, baked). For you non alcoholic drinkers, their root beer is amazing. As for their beer, it may not be the best beer ever, but it's pretty good - especially since it's so cheap. One of the things I like most about this place, is you won't find very many tourists. Hell, if I were a tourist and saw the place - I probably wouldn't want to go in considering how all of the other casinos look. So, this is a great local spot to go to. Especially if you're broke. I go there mostly to drink, mainly because I've had some bad experiences in the cafe. I muster enough courage to go back in every now and then, but for the most part - it's all about the gambling and drinking for me.
5	This review is for Metro Pizza and the Chicken and RIbs BBQ Restaurant within the casino.UGHHH!! I don't know where to begin!! Metro pizza?!?! That cutie behind the counter tossing the dough in the air? Yes, he caught my eye. LMAO! He may have been the reason I bought a whole pie right after I just ate some ribs and chicken from the dining area next door. lol JK! He wasn't the reason, although he was easy on the eyes.  Okay in all seriousness, (hehe) Metro pizza is one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life... Real talk. Thin crust, melt-y velvety cheese, crispy pepperoni and mushrooms that were just mushrooms. haha. There is something about their sauce that just had a BITE to it. Nothing like I've ever tasted before.. very yummayyy!  I loved how they sprinkled pepper on top the pizza too.. totally complements the crispy crust. They don't skimp you on the toppings nor do they overload it.. Whatever they are doing to their pizza they are doin' ittt rightttt..  these guys knowww pizza. The BBQ restaurant is separated from the main cafe.  Honestly, my sis and I were too hungry to wait 45 mins. for a table there so we got a table at the cafe.. After finding out we couldn't get ribs at the cafe we got up and decided to just wait it out.  It was worthhhh the 45 min. wait.  They only have 2 items on the menu.  Chicken and Ribs.  We all got combos.  It came with 2 pieces of garlic bread, side of beans, cole slaw and corn on the cob. I don't remember the prices, I'm thinking it was about $16.99.  That's like a super deal.  They give you half a freak'n chicken and half a slab of ribs.. I was a bit hesitant about getting the chicken because most of the time, BBQ chicken is dry and a chewie.. But did this place prove me wrong.  My bf never eats chicken breast but he loved it.  It was so moist and juicy. Amazing.  Ribs pulled off the bone easily.  Sauce was perfect to my tasting.  Not too heavy and thick..  If your a fan of rootbeer, try it here.  They brew their own beer and rootbeer. :)I can't say much about the service.  There were only 2 men working the rest.  Seating people, taking orders and serving food.  They checked on all their tables when they had a free hand.  Very friendly guys!!I'd hate to let the secret out.. it would be a shame if this place were to be flooded by tourist and such, I'm sure Mr. Elvis wouldn't appreciate it. haha.(If you've been there, you know exactly who I'm talking about. Sweet man.)  Will I be back?!?! MOS. DEF.. OVER & OVER & OVER AGAIN.
4	4 stars for the ribs. So good and cheap. If only the sides were better. Beans were ok. Corn was mushy and bland. Cole slaw was bland and warm. But with so much meat and such a great price, the sides did not matter this time.
4	THE BEST STEAK AND EGGS IN VEGAS!! only 4.99!! we didnt have to wait to be seated, the server was nice, the food came out quick, hot, and perfectly cooked! the steak was tender and juicy! everything was SO good.
3	Good Old TimerI used to love this place when I was in college and I still like it for the value it provides.  Sometimes you just need a decent meal and drink at reasonable prices.  The restaurant serves up a filling steak special, as well as a generous ham steak.  Add a soft drink or coffee and you still come out under $10.  Sure, the Wynn it ain't, but that is nonetheless a hard bargain to beat when your tummy needs food.Even the drinks are cheap (as nearly every Yelp review mentions).  $4.50 for top shelf cocktails!  Unfortunately, as the years have passed, the drinks get more and more watered down, and I have reached my breaking point.  My buddies and I had a few rounds and EVERY single drink tasted like flavored water.  I sweat I couldn't taste the alcohol in anything we were served.  I probably should have stuck with plain soda, in retrospect.  Oh well, live and learn.  Despite the drinks, however, the old Ellis Island will remain on the map because of the good times and deals it provides to the young and old.
4	the BEST 3am $4.99 STEAK AND EGGS you can find in vegas!!!... yeah its a little off the strip, but its pretty darn close & it'll be LOADS better than the other drunken steak and eggs out there!for around 5 bucks you get a huge steak, eggs, & toast.. i was seriously NOMMING on THE happiest drunkie meal of my life!!yeah its no ritzy vegas hotel.. BUT you will not be dissappointed!!.... ALTHOUGH i must say that finding a cab back from ellis island to the strip was a little difficult at this hour!
4	I am only rating the restaurant/bar section of this casino. Did not have time to do any gambling, but stopped by to catch karaoke. It is located off the strip (Koval Ln runs parallel to Las Vegas blvd) so a little hidden. It is definitely and old dive, which I like. The place is super small so get there early if you want good seats/table.  There are screens everywhere so you can always catch the words of the songs being "performed." Went on  a Friday and the DJ seemed pretty blah, no excitement for performers like I am used to. But the performers added much excitement on their own! Seems like there were tons of regulars/locals so it had a nice friendly feel to it. The biggest pro- this place is super cheap. Great drinks for low price and little munchies late night. The biggest con... only con really: Smoke! It is so small and it seems like there is absolutely no ventilation. Most places in Vegas are smoking, but as long as no one is blowing directly in your face, you hardly ever notice. As a smoker, my eyes were burning after being there only about an hour.  So, if you are a heavy smoker, this place will do just fine.
2	Their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at 8 so no prime rib.
3	If you want to smell like cig smoke, hangout here.If you want to sing karaoke, go here.Good place for people watching as well; many mutants abound.If you want quality cheap drinks, go to the Stage Door.
3	$8 for steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad and beer? DAYMMMNNN.So, we got here at about 4am after a long night with people throwing up and losing one person, only to find her 2 hours later with a guy...but that's another story for another yelp review...maybe.Is the food that good? No, but for its price, it's a pretty good deal.I personally don't like beer, so I ordered something else. I really wish they would have just let me order something and replace the beer. Ah, oh well. All of our steaks were very UNDERDONE. I ordered mine Medium, and at best..it was medium rare. I swear that it was still mooing just a little bit when it was on my plate. But at 4am, when the munchies call, it's a great place to get some food without spending a whole lotta money.
2	During my last night in Vegas, a friend of mine recommended we go to Ellis Island for their secret steak special. It was 4:30 a.m. and we were all living off of 3 hours of sleep the night before + a good amount of drinks, but that didn't stop any of us. The steak special goes like this: you get a good sized steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad, and a beer for $8. AWESOME deal, but if only the quality was as good as the price. Can't have the bet of both worlds right?I had a soup, which was Cream of Mushroom at the time. A bit watered down and lacked salt, but not too bad. The steak is where they just went downhill, but I really wasn't expecting anything better from such a place. It lacked any marination, was all burnt on the outside, and was just overall bland and charred. The mashed potatoes were great, though.Also, they may claim to be the best brewery in Vegas, but I highly dispute that. Their dark beer was heavily watered down, was way too bitter for such a beer, and just didn't go with the meal at all.In conclusion, get their mashed potatoes. Everything else sucks.
2	I'm torn with how many stars I should give this place.  The karaoke bar is a 0 out of 5, the rest of the casino and the restaurant are 5 out of 5. We've been going to this place for years, namely for the $1 pints (I think they're $1.50 now, which is still super cheap).  They brew their own beer.  The Amber is my favorite...the light beer is not all that great.  Tons of gaming machines and a blackjack table.  Cocktail servers are usually pretty quick.  Also, they have a restaurant and a Metro Pizza in the casino.  Both are awesome.  The restaurant always has cheap specials, and the food is good considering the price range.  Metro Pizza always has slices ready to go, perfect after a ton of beer.  Now, on to the karaoke bar.  I've been to A LOT of karaoke shows in Vegas, and this is by far THE WORST.  Somehow it gets voted "best of las vegas" by the RJ every year.  They are the only place I know of that has karaoke every night of the week, and I think that's their big selling point.  The sound quality is absolutely ridiculous.  The KJ never touches anything to adjust volumes or mic settings (by the looks of it, they don't even have the equipment to do so).  This ends up in not being able to hear some people, while the really loud ones (especially drunk screaming girls) are just so overpowering that it's annoying.  They have probably the smallest karaoke song selection I've ever seen.  There's no instrumentals or bumper music in between the singers, so it goes from super loud shitty quality sound to dead silence while waiting for the next singer to get up.  I was there 3 hours and sang 2 songs.  By the way, tipping the KJ does nothing at all.  No matter the offer, she won't bump you up in rotation even a few spots, or stay past the end time whatsoever.  "November Rain" by GNR somehow got cut from 8 1/2 minutes to 4 1/2.  Then during "Sad But True" by Metallica, I replaced one of othe lyrics with the f-bomb, and you would have thought I was a terrorist or something.  Security came up to me and said "sir, did you see that lyric on the screen? No, then you need to leave".  So, good luck if you want to sing songs like Cee-Lo's F-you, Tenacious D's F-Her Gently, Lonely Island's I'm On a Boat, or any of the adult parodies like Summer Nights or With Legs Wide Open.  I would understand if it were a family environment, but you have to be 21 to even get in the karaoke bar.  And it's shut off from the rest of the casino in such a way that you can only hear the karaoke from inside the karaoke bar area. I'd much rather take my business to one of the PT's Pubs karaoke nights, where the hosts are upbeat and they actually enjoy being there.  Also, the sound equipment is professional with a full mixer board for the music & mics.  And the song selection is literally 10X what Ellis Island has.  Sahara/Decatur on Saturdays is one of my favorites.  In short, go to Ellis Island if you want cheap drinks , gambling, and good food, but STAY AWAY if you're looking for karaoke!!
5	I'm only rating the BBQ Brewery/Restaurant of the Casino.  I'm not a big meat eater but I will always come here for their ribs when I'm in Vegas.  You can't beat their price for the amount of food you get!  AND IT'S DELICIOUS?  It's like heaven in your mouth, I tell you.  There are only 4 items on the menu:- 1/2 BBQ chicken-1/2 rack of ribs- full rack of ribs- combo (half rack of ribs and half BBQ chicken)Prices range from $12-$14 (I think)Their beers on tap is only $2!Every order comes with BBQ beans, cole slaw, buttered corn, and garlic toast.  There usually is a long wait unless you get their early enough (I think they open at 4) but the wait is definitely worth it!  We waited 45 minutes for the 6 of us and NONE of us regret doing so. If youre in Vegas, you need to get your butt off the strip and come here for some ribs!
5	There might not be a better value in Vegas. Inexpensive, tasty micro-brews - including fantastic rootbeer - and the food is terrific! Sure, the property is older and the gaming might not be all that flashy but you can't beat the bargain.
5	ooooo... im a 5star whore just giving 5s out like nothing... no! but it really is that good!well let me see... i was here one weekend. friday sat sunday.... And to have steak and eggs a total of 6x during our stay would probably mean steak and eggs overload. BUT ITS JUST THAT GOOD.ahhhhh... it was my first time having over easy eggs... but with that buttery toast it just all melts in your mouth. FORGET THE BUFFETSFORGET THE FINE DININGFORGET THE MAJOR HOTELS FORGET THE CHAIN FOOD STORESREMEMBER ELLIS ISLAND CASINO AND BREWERYit doesnt matter what time you come its worth it. Cheap and good food. WILL RETURN EVERYTIME IM IN VEGAS
3	Inexpensive local favorite is a common description of Ellis Island. If I didn't take the time to reflect upon all of the factors leading up to my not so great night it would probably be a 2 star rating. The positive points of the night were that everything was dirt cheap and delicious. There is no need for a happy hour here because a pint of beer will cost you $2. Mixed drinks ran from $2-$3.50. The mile high nachos ($8) were more than enough for three people. Scoops of chili, a pile of beans, sporadic sprinklings of jalapenos and scallions makes for a filling appetizer. Slight misunderstanding about chicken fried chicken and fried chicken occurred which started souring the night. Our server was getting frustrated with our large party and was not trying to hide it. Due to the dispute, slight arguments were springing up. After reading Nelson Q.'s review, I stuck to my request for fried chicken. It came out crisp and the batter was not too thick. I hate cake like batter and this was thin and flaky. I asked for the honey, but realized that maple syrup was what I should have got. :( This is not the best place for large parties especially if cash is not in hand. Trying to get separate bills becomes exasperating. The venue is festive and lively. The food is a deal. The beverages are priced for the working person. It is hard not to sympathize with the waitress, but I can only be so forgiving.
3	The casino review is below..... Review for the restaurant - $7.99: 10-ounce steak. Includes salad or soup, potato, bread, green beans and a beer Our server was MIA most of the time. Took well over 40 minutes for our dinner to come out. Some of the tables that were seated well after us were either eating, or getting their checks before we saw our dinner. Steak - Both of us ordered Medium Rare. J's was almost blue. Seared but still very pink in the center. But it was warm to the touch, so he decided to not send it back. Now this I cant understand. You almost under-cook a steak, but its still tough!? How do you accomplish that feat?! My steak on the other hand was more on the well done side than medium rare. Terrible. I took maybe 2 bites. I'm sure boot leather would have tasted better. J ate maybe 1/4 of his steak. He's a huge steak fan, so that's gotta show you that something is wrong. Salad (mine) - You can't really screw up a salad. Soup (J's) - He said it was "alright". Baked Potato - This was the best part of the whole meal. Green Beans - This was a tie for the best part of the meal. Lots of garlic, which J and I love. Bread - Love sourdough, but this was almost inedible. Beer - J ordered an Amber. Since I do not drink, I asked if I could have a diet soda. No Dice. So I ordered a beer and gave it to J. And just stuck with water. He said just for the beer's alone, it was almost worth $7.99 a piece. If we could have had a Mr. Lucky's steak with Ellis Island's Baked Potato and Green Beans, we would have been happy campers. Will we return to Ellis Island for eats? Maybe, but probably not to the restaurant. We might try the BBQ or Pizza joint next time. Now for the casino review - Very friendly and helpful dealers. I mentioned to J that if he wanted to learn to play craps, now was his chance. When there were other players, there were maybe 1-2 tops. The craps dealers were all very helpful on teaching him the ropes. With $80, J played easily for 2 hours. Left being down only $30. Not too shabby!!
4	Taxi cab driver and pool trainer @ Hotel strongly recommended Ellis restaurant for breakfast.Tried the 4.99 steak and eggs. Incredible! You get two eggs, home style potatoes, toast, and a big steak. All of the above? YummyNow that I have found this hidden gem, it will have to be a regular stop for breakfast every time I am in town.You could go else where...but why would you want to pay double? Service is good and ambiance was nice.
4	This review is for the casino and the restaurant.  If you're not interested in the false pretenses all the other strip casinos subscribe to run here.  My wife and I enjoyed the steak special (off menu 12oz sirloin for $7.99), great value!  We played roulette and blackjack before and after and enjoyed ourselves; low minimums, and a good environment to gamble in if you don't need overpriced chandeliers and dancing waters.This will be included in my must visit list for future Vegas trips.
5	Three local hangout with delicious food and awesome pricing. The main restaurant inside the casino has the best steak dinner deal. The beef taste like prime for the price of choice (soup or salad, steak, baked potato and string bean for $7.99).Another great deal is at the BBQ restaurant - one full slab of pork rib, baked bean, cole slaw and texas toast for $12.99. How can you beat this!The last restaurant within this casino is the Pizza joint......LOVE their Thursday BOGO, either slice or whole.  The pizza is east coast style (thin and chewy). It bring me back to my childhood in Boston
1	Followed the rest of the group here around 4 am after a night of clubbing. The restaurant had plenty of people for such a wee hour in the night/morning so the food should be OK. Maybe it was for other items, but our group was there for the cheap $4.99 steak and eggs deal. I don't know why they even ask how you want your steak done when ordering. When the steaks came out they were all well done or should I say terribly done. =(The eggs and home style potatoes were OK, and what saved the meal from being completely inedible. When I eat steak I usually don't have to put any sauce on it, the natural beefy flavor and whatever marinade/rub the steak had is enough. Never understood the love for A1 steak sauce till now.... that dried out and cardboard textured z-grade steak meat was improved 100 fold by the tangy A1 sauce and actually could be eaten. But hey if your eating low grade meat it's better that it's cooked well done for safety's sake. I'm glad I didn't finish the meal because who knows what would have happened. I woke the next morning with the most uncomfortable feeling ever that lasted the entire day, it was explained that I had a bad case of indigestion. I don't ever remember feeling this way, but I was physically ill.  =(
4	No menus, just BBQ chicken or ribs....and that's enough! Great food! I fed a party of 7 with drinks for $112. We had to wait an hour for a table, but it was worth every minute!!
4	Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast for only $3.99?! Wow, that's a deal! I had ordered it with extra crispy bacon on the side.One of the downside...my hubby ordered Greek Omelette but asked for Egg Beaters...they don't have it, they only have egg whites.  Why don't have it? Apparently they don't stock those, ONLY egg whites.
4	First, the whole place was smoky, and there is a waiting list to get into the restaurant, which leaves you in the smokier casino section or lounge. The food was very reasonably priced and well prepared. I had the wild Alaskan salmon which I was happy to see on the menu (most restaurants use cheaper and less healthful farmed Atlantic salmon), I wanted it to be left a tiny bit rare in the center, which they almost accomplished, that's ok though it was good, and salmon can be difficult to get perfect. My wife had a burger, requested it as rare as they would make it, and they accomodated by bringing her a rare burger. This surprised me. I don't do rare ground meats unless I am certain about the source, but that is my wife's preference, she said it was good, but a bit bland. I think I have spoiled her by feeding her only grass-fed beef or game meat burgers at home.As for the house brews, I tried the amber (or 3 or 4) as that sounded like the most flavorful offering available at the time. It was a good amber with a hint of hoppiness, I would have loved to have had something with more hops but was satisfied, especially at the super low price for a decent pint of beer. I think it was $2 or less. My wife tried the homemade Root Beer, and said it was great. I had a taste and it tasted like a pretty good sweet root beer.By the time we finished dinner the karaoke lounge was packed, we sat in the smoke and looke at the songbooks for a little while. I love a good karaoke spot, this place has good music choices, but unless you already smoke like 2 packs a day, the thick smoke in the air is going to kill your throat before you get a chance to sing. The regular older elvis guy was kinda funny. The other thing I would change if the ventalation could be addressed, is the sound system volume. It seems it was tuned up for those already hearing impaired or looking to become such, my ears were ringing after about 20 minutes. Perhaps if we got there earlier we could have found a spot near the air inlet and a little farther away from the speakers and got a song or two in before we left. Will try again next trip.
5	Went to Vegas for my first time this past July! In the 5 days I was there, I went to Ellis Island twice! Reasonable prices, awesome home-cooked food! I'm from a small Italian community in West Virginia and am very used to good cookin' like this restaurant! The root beer was awesome and the hospitality was like being at home! Karaoke is awesome too! I recommend Ellis Island to anyone who is going to Vegas!Don't get too full (I know the portions are gigantic) but you MUST try the desserts!
5	We ate here for breakfast and dinner because the prices were very affordable. A friend gave rave reviews about this spot and she didnt lie. For breakfast I had the steak and eggs for $6 and it was surprisingly tasty. For dinner on a different night, we ordered the ribs which were amazing.  The rib dinner specials come with two small slices of bread, a small side order of cole slaw, baked beans and two small corn on the cobs for $9 for the 1/2 ribs and $12 for the full ribs.  The entire meal was delicious and finger looking good.  If you're ever in Vegas, dont sleep on this establishment for the food. The casino on the other hand looked a bit run down and old school and it's not too far off from the strip. Its behind Bally's and around the corner from Platinum hotel.
4	This place is the BEES-KNEES. Seriously, for 7 dollars we got bread, beer, a side (salad or soup), steak, side of mash potatoes with string beans. That's definitely cheaper than any diluted cocktail you will get at any Vegas club. (the steak special is not quite on the menu but just ask and order it anyways). Root beer, YUM. Cons: they tend to overcook the meat. Medium rare was closer to medium. So maybe emphasizing towards the rarer side, just to be safe. Quick service. Great place when you have mad drunk cravings. It hits the spot and doesn't put a dent in your wallet.
4	We have been coming here for 10 years. It is the first place we go once we arrive in wonderful Las Vegas. We usually eat breakfast and have a lunch here when we are in town. My wife will some times get the steak and eggs for $4.99. This trip I had the Grilled Italian sausage and eggs for $6.99 one day and Buttermilk pancakes (3) the next day for $3.99. My wife had the breakfast burrito for $7.99.  For lunch  I tried the  Italian sausage Pazone.  I felt there was a few pieces of sausage and it was to wet.  Also, it was cut in 1/4s, and was difficult to hold. I would not order that again. All in all, still our favorite place in Las Vegas. Just a note. When we go here, we try to get seated on the side closest to the bar, the left side. For some unknown reason, our food seems to be prepared the way we ordered. I don't know!
5	Best place in Vegas! Breakfast burrito is the best!! It doesn't matter if you are looking for breakfast, lunch or dinner Ellis is the place to go! With $1.75 beers! and fresh BBQ... it is just perfect!
3	$10 top sirloin steak and eggs? Decent quality without paying too much? $1.99 house brewed hef? A prime rib dinner with potatoes, soup or salad, AND a choice of beverage (either a homemade/brewed root beer OR their hef) for $11.99?The answer is yes!Can't beat the prices. Nice little preview of what Vegas has to offer.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! The slots are loose and the food is awesome! Let me start at my personal favorite Ellis Island BBQ- seriously, the best deal on ribs anywhere! You can get a HUGE plate with 2 corn on the cobs,2 slices of bread, slaw, BBQ beans and 1/2chicken/ 1/2 ribs for $10.99!!!! And in the restaurant in the far back they have great steak night owl specials that rival any around town. This is a must go to for anyone in Vegas!!!
5	Best deal around. Steak, baked potato, green beans for $7.99. Large piece of beef too, no skimping. Grace, our server was delightful!
2	Service was SLOW! Remember folks, there's a reason the steak special is $7.99. Stay away from it. Food came out cold. Nachos were blase', but the beer was good.
4	I was lured in by the cheap dinner special.. Like everyone has said before  me $6.99 steak, potato, greens, salad or soup and beer.. And have yet to leave!I usually go back to Ellis for their chicken fried chicken.... It is not too greasy but it is  crispy, moist and huge with a side of mashed potatos and veggies ...As a kicker they cover it with some special gravy ( it's very rich and creamy). This also comes with a soup or salad for only $7.99There is a huge selection of food for everyone here... It's worth the wait and cheap enough to check it out at least once. It's not a first class dinning establishment but this place is definitely quirky and old!The service here is hit or miss... Usually miss! Sometimes they will serve warm sourdough bread and butter sometimes they won't .. Most times they won't refill our glasses or bring napkins, wont bring boxes or bags for the leftovers, wont ask if we want dessert.... But hey I'm paying so I keep asking!As far as the casino goes... The place is small and pretty chill... My dad won $500 bucks on slots the first time I took him ... So he was happy and asking to go back. Also since this place is kinda small you can easily spot and flag down the cocktail waitress.... People do some in this place but since there is no carpet, it doesn't stink too bad. Bathrooms are old and beat up but clean.. Also parking doesn't suck... It's not too far of a walk regardless of where u park.I do want to go back and try the BBQ restaurant there.... I was it finger licking good and very affordable.
4	You'll not see anyone famous.I'm tempted to give Ellis Island 5 stars for value alone. However to be honest the food is only average at best, maybe 3 stars. However the great prices make up for a lot. You can get a steak that actually good about 50% of the time, the other 50% of the time its chain (Ponderosa) steak house quality. Included is potato, toast, salad and beer for less than $10. An even better deal during NFL games - 2 small but tasty tacos, jumbo hotdog or an order of 5 wings for $1 each. Even better a choice of 5 in-house brewed beers, 20 oz.., all very for $1, all are very good. Throw in NFL Sunday ticket and it's hard to beat.Decor nothing special, a little run down. Ellis Island takes you back 20 years when you could eat and drink cheap.
5	Good spot for cheap eats in Vegas and the food is delicious. Highly recommend the BBQ between 4&10 PM...some of the best BBQ I've ever had!Downside is the fact that it's a smoking casino but if smoke bothers u do have the option of dining outside.
3	Oktoberfest was fun!! Quck shout out to Yelp! for free beer wristbands. The fest was fun. I tried the oxtail soup. It was ok but really soupy or watered down and the oxtails were fatty. The free beer was a +! Can't complain. The event was a bit dead maybe around 20 ppl attended.Ellis Island itself is a smokey, runned down off the strip bar & gambling hall. I give the experience 3 stars because I found a cool parking spot, scored tickets to Jubilee, and enjoyed free beer and food.
1	You pay for what you get!!! Cheap food cheap quality and bad service! Dont waste your time :(
4	They have really good ribs in the BBQ restaurant! My family ordered full slabs of ribs and they ate every bite. I can't eat like that and had to take some home. They did, however, change the age to 21+ and I was VERY disappointed because at the time, I was 20. We were going to take my dad there for dinner and as we were approaching, there was a sign slapped on the front of their podium letting the public know no one under the age of 21 was allowed inside. So much for the birthday dinner! So we settled for the restaurant and we will never do that again. Bleh! When I was finally of age to eat there, the manager let us try the root beer while we waited and I think he even set our table up, because we did not wait as long as some of the people who were waiting before us. We had a nice waiter who always checked in to make sure everything was going well and our glasses were never empty. Satisfied? I think yes.The food is good here, but if you plan on taking the kiddos, think again.
1	I will not be back.Why?Hardwood floors.After walking from the strip in the hot sun, I need the cushion and comfort of carpet.Ugly ribs.People talk about the ribs like they are precious gifts. But they are bags of coal. But take my word with a grain of salt, I never bought them; I just saw them on someone else's plate--not a pretty sight.Long lines at the players club.There was some kind of BBQ going on outside and in order to get discounts you needed a card. Well I did not want to go to the BBQ but I also needed a card....it was 10 people deep and no one was at the desk. I could not wait!Not worth the effort.
1	terrible service, food wasn't even decent, prices were average. I think the only type of ethnic food was the Mexican food. and pretty cool that they have their own name beer. was alright.I wish I knew this place sucked so badly before even thinking of coming here.
3	A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.  We ordered our standard breakfast on this trip - cinnamon French toast for my wife while I went with easy over eggs, wheat toast and hash browns. Though service may sometimes be a problem at dinner, we have almost always received prompt service during breakfast hours.
5	Who doesn't love Ellis Island? It is a hidden gem for locals, I would say tourists but we like to keep them out of the place. =) The karaoke lounge is the best people watching spot around. Get yourself enough hard lemonades (at $1.75, who can beat it?!) and you might even butcher a classic Bon Jovi hit. Don't worry most people aren't laughing at you, they are laughing with you and probably singing along! I just recently tried their cafe and their 24/7 steak special is my new favorite thing. For $7.99 you get a decent steak, potato, veggies, bread, AND an EI beer or hard lemonade. Definitely worth trying out if you're on a budget like I am. The center bar is always a great place to be entertained but beware of the sleezy dudes who might try to pick up on you. I can't comment on how good the gaming is because I always lose. =(
2	Well we went with intentions on belting out some great tunes while drinking some great drinks. Unfortubately, the catalogue is dated, and the bar is smoky as all hell (expected). However, after giving the DJ a nice tip & song request our turn NEVER happened. The same people were called up on stage drunk out of their minds (to be expected) to sing; were talking 4-5 times.. Kind of made us wonder, why weren't we called? Hmmm... Nevertheless, we won't go back, were still looking for a great Karaoke bar that will allow us the opportunity to have a great time.
4	Go in and ask for the Steak Special.  Its not on the menu.  $7.99 gets you a nice sirloin  steak, potato, green beans, salad, and whats better to top it off - a 24 house beer or rootbeer.Its a bit of a dive, but soooo worth the price.If you're a fan of barbeque arrive at 3-3:30 to get your name on the list.  BBQ starts at 4 and is packed out.
4	How thee I heart the Ellis Island...Let's see..This is where Las Vegas' locals are hanging out. You will see characters here. This is also where I won money on the Sex & The City slot machine (This machine hates me at every other casinos in Vegas). My only complain was that is so smokey in there. Smokes get literally in my eyes. On the up side, their cafe serves really good food. This is where you can get the $6.95 steak special (steak, potato, and salad) but you have to ask for the special. I didn't get the steak, after days in Vegas of nothing but heavy food, I decided that I was in the mood for soup and salad. Their soup was Split Peas soup and it was amazing. I didn't sugar coat this fact, but their split pea was delicious. The salad was fresh and I was a happy diner. Service was outstanding. I love this casino. It's older, smaller, smoki-er, and you can see this is what Vegas is all about. Gambling, drinking, and good food. Viva Ellis Island!
2	came here at 3am. everyone was falling asleep! it's a place to go to after a good nite of clubbing when you want cheap steak.4.99 steak and eggs. nuff saidactually. My steak and the rest of my friends steak were not cooked to order. I ordered medium rare I got Well. Everyone else order medium and got Well. I think next time I go I'll order rare or raw and hope it comes out medium rare just how I like it.
3	Didn't have the 4.99 steak and eggs deal when I came this time. Instead it was 7.99 for steak, green beans, steak fries, and a garden salad. Also a root beer..which was a nice touch.Food came out quickly and was decent for the price. Service sucked because the place was understaffed.
5	Love this place, especially their beer. Best breakfast after a night out. Wonderful hamburgers, too. Casino is not the best, but the food is a can't miss when we are in Vegas!
4	This is a local joint.  I've been there twice, and each time the wait for the ribs in the place was a hour long.  This is in part because, hell, this place is cheap and good and in part because they have like, 10 seats.  Which is all good,  because I can sit my but down and play $5 blackjack with Buddy (the dealer) and my other buddies.   (I actually made more money here in two visits than I've made at any other tables in Vegas, but that's a different review).    The rib/chicken place is simplicity.  You got three choices, full rack, 1/2 chicken or 1/2 rack and 1/4 chicken.  BBQ sauce is sweet (like I like it) and the chicken and ribs fall off the bones.  For the $15 bucks (in Vegas, BABY), this is the best deal we had in our last two visits.  The corn on the cob was horendous, but, hey, it's about the MEAT, right?  Reviews which look to be all four or five stars.  Can't say anything about the regular restaurant; although I hear it is the place that cabbies go when at break/after shifts.  A good sign for decent cheap eats.  Bads are only the corn (yuck, but out of season) and, like everywhere else in Vegas, the smokers abound.  Although not so much, it seems, this last visit.  If you've lost all your money or looking for a cheap, simple, good meal -- go here one of your visits.  No glamor... straight up cards... Karaoke with the locals (interesting doesn't begin to describe it) and excellent BBQ.
4	Where else can you get a cheap meal for 2 for under $20 in Vegas a block behind Planet Hollywood?  ELLIS ISLAND I say!  I love love this place. This is my go-to in Vegas win or lose.  But it feels better if you're down and you hardly have enough $$$ for the expensive ass buffets on the strip.This past weekend my S.O. and I were there.  We waited close to an hour for a table.  If you're impatient like me play the penny machines while you wait.  We were finally seated and she orders the $9.99 steak & eggs and I order the $7.99 chicken fried steak and eggs.  They don't serve the cheap special steak & eggs after 1 PM.  But it's still a good deal and it's so worth it if you're hung over and need something greasy in your stomach.  Be sure to blow on your food.  My chicken fried steak was so hot, I got 3rd degree burns on the roof of my mouth.  Maybe I was hungry like a mo fo.  Be sure to order everything up front because they can be very busy on the weekends and your waiter can disappear.  The only down-side is the wait.  But, if you have 1 1/2 hours to kill in Vegas during the day and don't want to burn a hole through your pocket (if you haven't already) this is the spot!
4	I was rather impressed with this casino / bar / restaurant / karaoke spot. Going in, I expected a total dive, but this place is all nice and polished (for the most part). And talk about deals. During football games, it feels like everything is a $1 (beer and food). And the karaoke is awesome. Good set-up and good host.
5	Get the streak and eggs special for $5.99 you won't be disappointed. The cheapest and best meal I've had yet.I got my eggs scrambled and my steak well done. Potatoes were decent and toast was good.I want to eat it again it was so cheap and delicious. Going to be stopping by for breakfast and dinner.
4	Everything we had was yummy and super cheap. As far as good eats and cheap prices, this place is great. Plus, their players card gets you $10 free play. It was a surprisingly good time.
4	King Prime Rib is all I come to eat here :) For $12.99 I think it's a great deal as it comes with a soup or salad and also beer or root beer of your choosing. You can opt for mash potato's, baked potato, fries, and it comes with green beans. I always get the mash and the reason why is because it's a cheesy mash potato with gravy and it's smooth and buttery. The prime rib in itself I always get medium rare and you get a slab. I wouldn't compare it to Lawry's type of prime rib where the whole meat is juicy. This while tasteful you can tell the quality isn't the same. It's still good eats however being hungover.Downside - No Taxi's from this place. You'll have to walk to a bigger casino to get one.
3	I like Ellis Island. LIKE not love. I really like that they host lots of fun events in the parking lot throughout the year. I also really like the fact that these events usually include yelp and beer. I like that you can pony up to the bar, get an Ellis brew for cheap and catch a glimpse of some pretty entertaining karaoke all at the same time. It's also cool that they advertise in multiple coupon books. Las Vegas Advisor has $10 in free slot play, BOGO BBQ plate, BOGO entree, and my favorite one, 3  free rounds of drinks for 2 people. Score. They have similar deals in the American Casino Guide as well. Not that you need coupons to enjoy this place though. It's already pretty cheap, but free is awesome! Free + tip that is. What I don't like about this place is that it is an absolute smoke box. It's a small casino to begin with and it gets really crowded...with smokers. Which is why I enjoy the parking lot events, fresh air. The only restrooms are located in the rear of the building so unless you walk around to the back to enter, you still have to walk through the middle of said smoke box to make a pit stop. Dislike. If you are a smoker or simply don't mind that kind of atmosphere, then there really isn't much to dislike about this place.
1	My wife was craving for chicken fried steak for a while. Her co-worker suggested that this place has the best steak. So we went and tried it. My first option would be Tuscany Casino which i've eaten their before and for me it was the best chicken fried steak. So, we got there around 8:30 pm. There was no line but the cafe was packed of people. We seated on the waiting bench and had to wait for 10 mins before the receptionist showed up. She didn't even entertained us. I stood and she gave me a number. To make the story short, we waited for another 30 mins before our number called. I ordered a steak and egg which is included on the menu and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak. We had to wait for another 20 minutes before our order came. We'll, the chicken fried steak looks big and looks delicious. My order was horrible. Just as the waiter put the plate on my table i could see that the steak was burnt. I've always order well done since i dont like to eat bloody beef. Well when i ate my steak it was the worst steak i have ever eaten. It's so hard and burnt. I could cook my steak better than this cook here. My wifes steak was okay but not the best either. I ended up sharing my wifes food. The bad thing thing about this is after we ate for a few hours, my wife started throwing up. This place is the worst place i've ever been to Vegas. As soon as you come inside the casion the smell is so disgusting.  It's a ghetto place. I would never come back to this place again...NEVER!
2	[This review is primarily for the cafe that's inside the casino]A small and dark casino, which had more of a bar-like atmosphere.In the back, there is this small cafe that's open 24hrs; a small diner feel. The service was sub-par; our waitress got one side dish wrong, took a while to get our drinks, and was hard to flag down when we wanted our check. Though this loud (and picky) table behind us was driving me nuts and probably making the waitress' job crazy. The place was cramped, with tables crowded against each other.Ordered the $7.99 filet steak deal. The meal came with the choice of beer or root beer. When asked if we could substitute the drink, she said no (not without a fee at least). Really? *sigh* Aside from that, great value (also came with side salad and 2 sides). I ordered a Texas burger ($8.99), which only came with one side and no drink, so my meal ended up costing more than the steak meal. It's a large-portioned chili cheeseburger, and was decent enough. Should have got the steak...A good bang for your buck, foodwise. I was expecting more out of this place though as far as ambiance and service. If you do decide to dine here, sign up for their player's card (other end of the casino) and get $10 in free slot play (for new members only).
5	This is the best deal in Vegas, you can't go wrong with all the choices and specials on the menu.  You can get a full rack of ribs for 12 bucks, a 10 oz. steak for 8 with all the fixings and a free beer.  Their beer is delicious.  It is made fresh there and they are 1.75 for a 20oz beer all day long.  The service is great and so are the people. It is a little dive-y, but that is what makes this brewery and casino great.If you're into Karaoke, this is the spot to be! Every night you can witness what most people tell stories of...you just gotta check it out for yourself!
5	I walked over to this place specifically because of Yelp reviews and it was worth it. A cold front had moved through the town and the walk over was cold as a witch's tit, but when I walked in, the place was warm, the booths were old school dark red vinyl and the waiters and waitresses were there to serve you food. I like attractive waitresses, but they're usually more busy trying to remember how to play a C chord for their indulgent singer songwriter show that night or where they left their keys after they blacked out the night before. This wait staff was cool. They were there to serve food hot and quick. Had the chicken fried chicken and it was AWESOME!  Huge portions, served piping hot, crisp as can be, came with some good sourdough rolls and delicious mashed potatoes.  Oh and really good Root Beer made at the brewery. And the prices made sense. You're not paying 4 more bucks per plate just so you can say it's "on the strip"I realllly dig this low key place.
5	We go to Ellis Island first thing in Vegas pretty much everytime. It is good to eat a nice big meal before the whirlwind begins. It was crowded mid week due the all the cowboys in town for the rodeo. we had no wait for a table for the first time.  Sat right down and got an Amber Ale quickly. I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and my wife ordered the Cobb Salad, no chicken, no bacon, she is a vegetarian and this salad always makes her happy. I believe it came with garlic bread. Nice sourdough rolls were brought out also. I also ordered mash potatoes because they are old school cafeteria brown gravy delicious. The chicken comes on a platter with a ton of steak fries and really good cole slaw. I got a wing, a leg, a thigh and a breast.I could not eat it all. Which is crazy.  It is just really good fried chicken, that is all I can say. I have had a bunch of other stuff there and it has all been good. They are famous for the steaks for good reason, but if you like fried chicken and beer, you should try this place. It is also a good place to gamble.
4	$4.99 steak and 2 eggs, hashbrown and two slices of toast.  Are you outta your mind?Every time we came to Vegas and asked cabbies where to eat steak and eggs, this was where they told us locals came to eat cheap steak and eggs, so we finally came.  The eggs were cooked as we asked and though the steak was a little more than the medium rare, it was still good enough.  The wait staff is courteous.  The wait can get long, but definitely try their home brewed root beer.
3	Came here for the $11.99 prime rib meal with beer and also got the chili cheese fries on the side. I liked their daily soup (minestrone) which came with the prime rib meal, but other than that wasn't impressed by the rest of the meal. You get a lot of prime rib for the price but I got more flavor out of the seasoned string beans that came as a side to the meal. The bf was happy with the meat portions though. The chili cheese fries were the worst - there wasn't enough chili with the fries so it was all very dry. I wish I had ordered the chili by itself. Overall it was a great try but more of a "meh" meal.
4	When I lived in Vegas, this place was always a stop when we went to the strip. They have their own microbrewery with cheap pints. The karaoke* is almost all locals/ regulars, and most of them can really sing. The vibe is old -fashioned and laid back. A great place to start or end the night. *Recently, however, the secret got out to the undergrads at UNLV, and the gaggle of annoying sorority girls screaching "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" into the mic and giggling incessantly has put a damper on the vibe. The old MC used to regulate pretty strictly, but th elast time I was there, some new guy was running the show and letting the sorority girls ruin everything. Even though it is not as good as it once was, it is still worth it.
4	Steak and eggs are great !!!
4	$4.99 steak and eggs from midnight to 6am, what a deal!  They also brew their own root beer and it is a treat to have =)The steak and eggs consists of a ny strip, 2 eggs cooked to order, fried country potatoes, and toast.  Apparently, they don't advertise this deal anymore, you have to ask the server about it.  I think the food might be better when there's less people, probably less rushed with the food orders.For $5, the steak and egg combo really hit the spot.  The char on the steak was divine and the potatoes were nice and crisp.  For $4 you can get biscuits and gravy with eggs and a choice of sausage or bacon.  I thought their country gravy was pretty tasty last time I had it.This is definitely the place to go for a late night snack to sober up.  Don't expect miracles to happen for $5 but do enjoy the cheap prices and rootbeer =d
4	$4.99 Steak and Eggs... that's all I gotta say.-Steak-2 Eggs-Toast-Potatoes-Awful Kareoking next doorNot Bad.
5	2 days I had a strip steak at The Cafe if you can believe it.  That should tell you how darn good their food is....darn good!!!!However, unfortunately The BBQ doesn't open until 4 pm and if you get there later you will have to wait awhile to get it (30 minutes, 20 minutes).  But the food I saw people eating--and the price I heard they paid for it (so inexpensive for the quality)--has me planning a trip to The BBQ there next trip to Vegas.  Dang but the bbq rigs looked fantastic!!!  I mean FANTASTIC!!!Only drawback to this place is all that smoke from the casino...cough, cough...if you can hack that you can eat there.  Actually The Cafe doesn't stink inside but still...walking thru all that smoke is no treat at all.  Just focus on the wonderful dinner you will have once you get thru all that smoke...it's worth it.
4	unadvertised special: $7.99 steak special comes with choice of beer or rootbeer :Dneed i say more?
4	YOU NEED to check out their Ribs & BBQ restaurant here. It's hella yummy & delicious !! The staff is really nice too (don't know if it was because we were Asian too).We stumbled upon this place when we were looking for their prime ribs eatery but we were in a hurry so we decided to just eat here. Boy did we make a good decision !!The prices here are sooooo inexpensive especially for RIBS in VEGAS !! $14 for a full rack? Hellooooo sweet deal !!Btw, this restaurant is strictly 21+ and YES they check almost everyone's ID !! We got away with a 18 year old in our group. Shhhh don't tell them !!This eatery is small....literally bout 15 tables? We had to wait for like 10 minutes which wasn't so bad. Upon seating, we ALL ordered either the half rack for $9 or the full for $14. I was SUPER starving so I got the full rack.OMG THE RIBS ARE SO FREAKIN DELICIOUS !! The meat was tender and juicy with the bbq sauce oozing out. yummmm !! The ribs came with corn, bean soup, and coleslaw. ALL FOR $14??? WOW sucha good deal !!Ok ok I must admit we got some favoritism from the staff since we had Filipino friends in our group, and the staff was Filipino too. BUT I did notice they were very nice & accommodating with ALL the guests. We just got something extra special. =PFor the superb price & high quality of the meat, this place is a bang for your fuck. Oops I mean buck. So come here & be prepare to feast on one of the best ribs you'll ever eat. =)
4	This isnt the most glamorous spot to eat and gamble but I have to tell you the dealers here really made my night enjoyable and to top it all off the prime rib dinner was pretty tasty.
4	Cheap drinks, cheap eats...can't beat that when you're near the Strip. Yes service may be slow at times but hey what do you expect when you're ordering a $7.99 steak dinner? BTW the steak dinner isn't on the menu, just ask for it. Yet the staff is always great plus that free brewed beer or root beer is a steal. Now I prefer the prime rib over the steak. The meat is tender and the au jus is quite tasty. By the time, you get your meal, you'll be full off bread and salad/soup and beer. Really for the price you pay, you really can't complain...after all it is Vegas!
4	I have to start by saying:  I love a good dive bar, and this is a dive casino!The beer is VERY inexpensive and delicious, they make it onsite.The food at the cafe is great and inexpensive!  The sevice is not top teir but what can you expect at those prices - not a fine dining experience but worth a try!I will say that because it is an older and smaller casino the smoke is a little bothersome.  I dont smoke or like cigarette smoke so it got to me a little, just a heads up.Parking is easy - gambling is cheap Overall a fun MUST TRY!
5	This place is a diamond in the rough. You must come here and get the prime rib, with potatoes and green beans AND soup PLUS any Ellis Island beer you want for $12.99
4	So we were on the hunt for Karaoke on a Weds Night and we found ourselves Ellis Island.  When we first walked in, you could tell that this was not your normal strip casino...it was definitely a local divey place.  I'm sure a bunch of girls all blinged out in club gear was entertaining for the people in here.  Hell the 2 Elvis' were so nice to us!The Karaoke stage was very small, but it was just enough for us to get up there and belt out whatever we felt like singing. The song selection was a bit rough..they are listed by song title and not by artists.  So unless you knew what song you REALLY wanted to sing, you might have a hard time finding it. For a Weds night, it was pretty packed.  There was quite the queue for getting up on stage for a song. It was quite the crowd of both older and younger people.  They look mostly local.  Don't even think about starting fights or getting roudy in here...they have good security.  we had first hand experience :)Will have to come back and actually try the beer....I had no idea that this was a brewery!
4	I've driven up and down Koval too many times to count as well as being completely oblivious to anything located on that street unless it was an intersection to turn to get to the Strip.  Little did the s/o and I know that there's a little hidden gem of a dive where they allegedly serve up some good Prime Rib, so we just had to make a stop.We had dinner at their Cafe this past Tuesday night and fast forwarding through the 30-minute wait, we figured that had a to be a good sign, for a little dive casino off the Strip.  We get seated and man, it felt like I was in a bad dream; sitting in a semi-dimly lit restaurant, with a little cigarette smoke lingering in the air and decor that matched that of Mike & Carol Brady's vacation home, if they ever had one.  Not to mention, the most horrible Karaoke singers I've ever heard.  It was quite entertaining, especially for the setting but there were times, it felt like we were on some hidden camera show.Without hesitation, we both were going to order their King Cut Prime Rib dinner, which came with a salad, veggies and choice of Potato, as well as Root Beer or their house Beer.  When our server took our drink order, I ordered a Coke.  Apparently, when it came time to order, I wasn't able to sub my Coke for the Root Beer it came with, not sure why, my Coke was technically a penny cheaper.  But whatever, I took the Root Beer anyhow...and took the cost of my Coke from our server's tip.  Speaking of which, yeah, our server and the restaurant staff was so jaded.  Service with a smile goes a long way...and so will your tip, so turn that frown upside down, ladies and gentlemen.We didn't have high expectations for the Prime Rib, being that was ultra cheap at $13 a pop.  When our food came out, I didn't care much for the presentation, as it was quite sloppy.  The au jus spilled onto the plate, the sour cream was served it's own individual packet that you had to rip open, the horseradish was in it's own indivdiual plastic cup.  But, when all was said and done, I took a bite into the Prime Rib; first bite was good, figured it was the outside because of the seasoning so I started going towards the middle.  Second, third, fourth and so on...I finished that slab of King Cut without hesitation.  I was so impressed, not that I finished it but, it was a delicious cut of Prime Rib that'd make the bigger, bling casinos on the Strip bow their head in shame.  Shoot, I bowed my head in shame for discrediting this spot!Overall, we'd totally come back to Ellis Island for their Prime Rib again!!!
4	I discovered this place on yelp.  My roommate and I were in Vegas for his birthday and we were starving when we finally made it to town and checked into our hotel.  This place had a really high rating, so we decided to try it out.  First, it is extremely important that you DO NOT WALK here.  Not because it is in a scary area or anything, but the fact that distance in Vegas is deceiving and it is really, really far from everywhere.  The tiny casino with a restaurant is connected to the Super 8 Motel.  I'll say right off the bat that I give 5 stars for the restaurant.  Three stars for the casino.  The restaurant had almost an hour wait so we first went to the casino.  All the tables were $15 or $20 and the cocktail waitress we had was rude.  We got tired of giving our money to the slot machine so we wandered over to the bar.  The restaurant has about 10 tables but the bar is open right next to it and had plenty of seating.  The bar serves different food, so that is one option if you don't want to wait for dinner.Now here is the kicker.  Ellis Island is a microbrewery and they brew 5 types of beer ranging from blonde to stout. I had the stout, which I expected to be think like Guinness, but instead was a really dark, super delicious beer.  Here's the best part: 20oz glass for $1.75! That's right folks. The best beer I have ever had in my life for less than 2 bucks. Once we got called for dinner the food there was pretty good, but that could have been because I was drunk from the cheap beers.  Smoking allowed in the bar, but not in the restaurant.  On my next visit to Sin City, this will be my first stop.
5	This place is a must see. Excellent home brewed beer. $8 steak special (not on the menu). Amazing ribs.Make sure you buy the American Casino Guide as it has a $10 slot match play, 4 free drinks at the bar and 50% off food coupons.  I got drunk and ate like a king for ~$12 after tax and tip.They are always packed but service was good and all the waiters are appreciative.  Only a few blocks off the strip too!
5	Awesome - walked to Ellis Island from the strip one morning and discovered  Manny the bartender. Great beer, great prices and wonderful employees. Went back the next morning before our flight. If your in Vegas  check this place out. Manny - see you next year.
4	Not much ambiance but the food is good and the microbrewed beer and root beer are outstanding!There may be a long wait on weekends, holidays and special occasions so get ready. The place is old and has a poor ventilation system but again, the food is A+  The prime rib is tender, the shrimp is tasty, the Italian chicken is great and the bar is fun when they have karaoke.  We go here every Vegas trip!
4	$5 steak and egg special deal throughout the entire day. According to their specials on their chalkboard that is..Great amount of portion per plate.Steak comes with toast, two eggs and potato squares or whatever you want to call them.Service can lack a bit here..takes awhile for the food to come out. Overall, friendly staff.
5	This is THE place to get good and CHEAP steak!Depending on when you go, you have two choices:$4.99 Steak, eggs, hash-browns and toast(Only on Weekdays 11pm - 11am; Weekends 11am - 2pm.)Or $7.99 Steak special. Comes with veggies, mashed potatoes(or fries or baked) and a beer/root beer.We were here twice and both times I had the $7.99 special. The mashed potatoes were damn good. The steak was perfectly medium rare (though my other friends were not as lucky, so it's kind of a hit/miss but they come fairly close to what you order). Their hefeweizen was alright.The best part about this place is that you can eat for free. I'm not sure if it was a special or not, but after we ate, we went to the other side of the casino and signed up for the membership. It's free to signup and you get $10 of free game play. You play a bit and you have a chance of winning a couple of bucks, then just cash out and you just got yourself a free dinner. :)I'm definitely going to come back to this place.
5	Of course it is a dump....But the Ribs and the pice value is Out of this world !!!! The best place in town for Ribs.
3	I gave it a 3 star because it is cool that they always have karaoke nights consistently but I would say the performances are far from the best in town. Definitely a good option if you have nothing to do and want to get drunk and have a good laugh. They have good craft beer at the bar though and I have friends that go there to eat sometimes and they say its good. Even with their good food reviews its still a place I wont be taking a gamble on to eat at though... There always seems to be a hooker hanging out outside of this place. lol. Like I said, makes for a good night if your bored, want to get drunk and have a good laugh.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this tiny casino and brewery right behind where I stayed at Bally's for CES. For the week I stayed in Vegas, I came here twice. This is saying alot since there are so many restaurant options to choose from on the Strip. Here, the prime rib is a must try. I order it rare and mooing. It came out tender and very flavorful. All their entree comes with a soup or salad. I opted for their salad with house Italian dressing. Their Italian dressing is one of the best I've tasted. I wanted to drink it like a shot with what I had left after finishing my salad but decided against it. The second time I came, I had the surf and turf, which was an 8 oz. sirloin with butterfly battered shrimp. Very tasty. Now the service is not the most friendly here and keep in mind there is a strict rule that they do not allow separation of the bill. We wanted to separate our bills but they said NO EXCEPTIONS! If you do want separate bills, I'd suggest to go as party of one and request to be seated next to your friends. This is a loop-hole that I thought might work. Maybe...maybe not. I only had their stout and it held it's own and was pretty good. If you want great food at great prices, don't care too much about the service, this is a place to go for a great dinner without all the extra fluff from Vegas.
4	Came for their prime rib after a night of partying at Marquee, but they were all out and weren't making anymore until lunch time.  I guess prime rib isn't in high demand at 4am?A seemingly hopeless situation was salvaged by their $4.99 Steak & Eggs.  Yup.  For less than one hand of Black Jack, you can get a thin but juicy piece of steak (best rare or medium rare), two eggs your way, hash browns and toast.  It's delicious and you don't even have to be drinking to think so!  Service was quick and our waiter was friendly and joked around with us.Never going to Denny's again.
4	Mmm ribs are the best I've tried by far! they cook them fresh with their outdoor grill. I suggest you call ahead to make sure what time theyre serving bbq.  we had to get a # at the restaurant side and wait. Bbq food starts at 4p.m. On the tuesday I was there. Simple menu. Just bbq ribs and chicken. I had the combo. Chicken was ok, but the ribs are soooooo good. My boyfriend had a full rack and shockingly killed it! It was that good.definitely better than lucilles. All food comes with corn, bread, bbq beans, and cole slaw. Portions are gigantic! Our bill was about 28 pretty cheap! Service that day was great.
5	24/7 $8 Steak specials which include veggies potatoes and a beer!  Went here a few years ago when I was last in Vegas and it was the best meal of the whole trip!  Ellis Island is only 1 street away from Bally's parallel to the strip.  It's got plenty of other food deals as well , like brunch, BBQ (usually lines) and Pizza deals.  The crowd here is usually laid back and calm older but nice people.I would recommend this place to any / everyone coming to Vegas for at least 1 meal!
5	My husband and I really love this restaurant.  We are retired and our dining out budget is limited.  The food tastes great and the menu is varied enough that we have a good selection every time we go.  The prices suit our budget & the fact that the casino is good makes this a twice a month afternoon out.  My husband loves the unadvertised steak special.  After all where else could you get a top sirloin with all the fixings including a beer for 7.99.  I enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent.  Ellis Island really knows to make delicious mashed potatoes & gravy. You should give it a try.
5	We travel often to Vegas every year;  this is the place we most look forward to visiting -  for the food, the people and  the gambling.  The steak and eggs special is the best in Las Vegas and the service has always been fantastic. Every steak we've ever ordered rivals that of a more upscale Ruth Chris - you simply won't get a better deal. The BBQ special is always packed, and Metro pizza for 3 bucks a slice while playing the slots is a snack worth getting.  Let the karaoke singers serenade you while you partake of the vice of your choice - it's totally entertaining!
3	Seriously good beer!  I even tried the root beer and it was crazy delicious!  We wanted to try the BBQ place, but didn't realize that it didn't open until 4pm.  We will definitely visit next time to check out those ribs every one talks about!
5	Awesome spot in Vegas. Meals are super cheap but are awesome quality. My favorite spot to chow down near the strip.
4	Beers are great for $1.75! No way near compares to micros from the northwest, but where else can you get a micro at this price??Servers are very friendly and the blackjack at the bar was fair. I played my free $5 that I got for signing up for the players club for about an hour until I lost it all. Most places have odds that ripe that money right out of your hands before you can even say hit me!The food was great! Especially the prices! $12 prime rib dinner is an amazing deal.We had the best time at their karaoke bar. It's small and pretty packed so it forces you to make friends with your neighbors. It was mostly the same 6 or 7 people singing and they were all very good! I usually hate listening to karaoke but I was amazed by some of the voices here. I've been wanting to check this place out for a long time because I've read a lot of great reviews about it on Yelp! When I found out I could get a hook up at Super 8 I was so stoked because I knew it would be so easy to come here. (right next door)So if you looking to do Vegas on a serious budget get a room at Super 8 and hang out at Ellis!My one gripe though is the smoking in here. Seems like there is not ventilation. So just a fair warning: you WILL smell like a chain smoker when you leave here.
4	Cheap Beer & Cheap Steak and Eggs & Great Customer service, don't judge a book by its cover.First off I'm hard to please when it comes to steak and eggs grave yard specials. Its pretty much a Vegas night out tradition for Vegans to go out & party it up and grab steak and eggs after. Like I said I'm hard to please, even at 3 in the morning with my steak and eggs but Ellis Island didn't disappoint. Every steak and eggs place I go to serves a steak, 2 eggs, some toast, and hash browns... ew. I'm not much of a fried food person. So I always ask for mashed potatoes, usually I get a no or my waiter gives me a hard time for switching out my hash browns for mash potatoes. Either telling me they have to charge me extra or just a flat out no. BUT at Ellis island my waiter started to say no but they said "he'll see what he could do" Which I thought was super nice because I later found out they don't make mashed potatoes at 3am LOL
4	When for breakfast and it was great!!  Prices was about 13.00 for the both of us.   Server was very  nice.  Go enjoy the food
4	Saw this on yelp and figured to try it out. Ordered the 11 dollar steak and eggs. Steak was the right portion, but they didn't have their homemade rootbeer that day :(. Most of my friends enjoyed what they ordered too, and it's right behind planet hollywood.
3	Really wonderful prime rib for the price and decent steak. Salads were ok, very generic with mediocre quality ranch, get the soup it was better. Nice and cheap microbrews. I came on a saturday night and had to wait almost 1 1/2 hours to get seated... no beuno.Smoke is pervasive in this small casino. Does not bother me, but it is something to consider. The part that really bugged me and my party was the waiter. Older asian guy. He actually came over, flipped over the tab and checked the tip before we stood up! It was incredibly rude.
3	Good food, Great price. Downside long wait on weekends, Smells like smoke everywhere, bathrooms are across the casino floor, service is OK at best, and employees aren't amiable, openly curse in English and Spanish in the dining room. But,  I love the steak and egg special, and the corn beef hash reminds me of how my mom would make corn beef, spam, egg and rice for breakfast.
2	I couldn't even detect the hops in what they assured me was the IPA. The rare sirloin was the rarest rose. The breakfast burrito was good. Service was quite friendly. Smoky atmosphere, of course.
5	Awesome cheep food. Great steak special. You get a whole meal and a beer for the price of a beer on the strip. Metro pizza is awesome too.
4	Dear Ellis Island,Your secret menu (which has now been raised by an entire dollar) of $7.99 steaks has kept me captivated for as long as I can remember entertaining myself in Vegas.  When my friends and I left TAO and got back to our hotel at 2AM... only to pass out and be woken up an hour later for talks of the munchies, we knew there was only one place to go, and it was you.With that said, I like to issue my deepest apologies to that amazingly patient and kind gentlemen of a server that allowed me to make a fool of myself on the table.  I knew from the moment that soup came out to accompany my post-midnight steak deal that I had taken too many AMFs earlier.Thank you for bringing out those piles and piles of napkins for me, and that extra glass of water to help me in my drunken state.  Thank you for being so awesome and making sure that I was not going to die in your restaurant.  I'm sure you've seen it day  and night, but let me tell you, I appreciated it.Thank you for also bringing out my pint of beer anyways.  You knew that I'd still be down to drink it even after making a mess of myself.  And of course, thank you to my fellow friends and Yelp buddies for ensuring that we still had a good time.I always loved your steak deal.  And I'm sure the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be coming back sometime past 3 in the morning just to get it.  Cause really- that's the best time to.  Hopefully next time I will be sober enough to actually take a bite out of that steak.But I had it in the morning, and let me tell you, it was still good!Love,Andy
4	My friends and I had the Cowboy dinner. It isn't on the menu. Just ask for it. This deal is the best one in Vegas as far as food goes. The Cowboy dinner includes a 12 oz steak, salad, bread, a choice of fours different beers (from their brewery, including Rootbeer), green beans, and mashed potatoes. All of them were delicious. The steak was a little bland but it was still tasty. All of this for $7.99.
5	What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...what a pity, if only I could bring back gallons of beer from Ellis Island.I came here for the first time for breakfast. While everyone else had scrambled eggs and bacon, we had the $8 steak special with a glass of beer. Steak is good for its dirt-cheap price, but the green beans were pretty awesome - buttery and tasty.Beer takes the main stage here. This place has one of the best beers of microbrews anywhere. The amber ale I got was so nicely balanced. However, amble ale is hard to make, and sometimes they do taste over-roasted. The other killer beer is the light lager, which has such an intense smell and taste of sweet malt (for a "light" beer, no less). The hefe and dark beer are all really good (well, fresh hefe are usually good), but light lager and amber ale are always the first two I get.During subsequent visits, I've come to realize that their pizza is good and the bbq ribs meal is awesome (this is another semi-hidden secret). This place is a cult.
1	We went there for the karaoke. However, the bar had a 2 drink minimum even for the designated driver. And they have a policy of evicting customers that don't have a drink in front of them. Very poor service from waitresses on the floor and bar. Even though I was tipping (for soda) at first. The security team is a bunch of pushy emotional kids so I had to take my complaints to their supervisors. This place really put a damper on our celebrations so we cut as soon as I reported our issues.
5	This place is seriously the best deal in Vegas period. Going to Ellis Island for breakfast/brunch and to play cheap blackjack is a ritual among my friends. As soon as you walk in, you will know why because there is always a wait of 30mins or longer at this establishment. If you are reading this review, I'm sure you are all aware of the $5.99 steak and eggs deal (not on the menu) as well as the 7.99 steak dinner deal. I get these every time I'm in Vegas. Service is good. Just be aware that it may be slow depending on how many ppl are there. But you're in Vegas, I'm sure you can find a way to kill some time. By the way, they brew their own beer which is great to be honest. Seriously this place is a gem.
4	I've only ever been here in the wee hours of the night, but honestly, I think that's the only time you should be here. STEAK AND EGGS.For some reason, steak and eggs post-clubbing (or anytime after midnight) has always been a staple of my Vegas trips, so I've been to quite a few places. Skip Buffalo Bill's and go to Ellis Island! Trust me. Heard about it from a cab driver one Vegas trip, and we have been back every time since.Location wise, it's off the strip a bit, but parking is generally not a problem (though again, only been here when it's... late), and I've also managed to hail a cab standing on the side of the road at 3am.Our server was really patient with us, even though we had a big group. Service was surprisingly slow, given that it was mostly empty (-1 star), but they brought out 10 steak and eggs orders all at once so no one was waiting extra. This is the best steak and eggs deal in Vegas (for the price) because the steak is actually edible and not too tough to chew and the potatoes are seasoned well. Eggs are eggs. It's not gourmet, but when you're tired and hungry and in good company, tastes like heaven.Also, beware the creepy guys on the casino floor who leer at girls in heels and short dresses.tl;dr: Best place for late night steak and eggs in Vegas!
4	Can't believe a $7.99 steak could taste sooo freaking good!!! All four of us ordered that $7.99 steak and it includes the in-house Amber, which is another plus. The wait time was alright since its around 6pm, but we did go in before the crowd. However, the wait time for the steak was a bit long, maybe because we were all hungry after the convention. The BBQ place was the reason why Ellis couldnt get all 5 stars from me, their waitime was hideous. We went there two times before we could try their delicious racks. First time we went there, the wait time was 45min, so we went over to the steak place aross the casino and tried their $7.99 with Amber. Second time, the wait time was 2 HOURS because it was during dinner time, so we went someplace else. Finally, the third time we went there, it was around 4:30pm, so there isn't a line and we could finally try the ribs and chicken. The BBQ sauce was great and so are the beans and coleslaw.Would I go back?? maybe, really depends on the wait time....
4	Great food, cheap prices, the root beer was awesome. If you don't mind a steakhouse that is full of old people, you are in. Good food that does not cost a bunch. Cheap is not a good adjective because it takes away from the overall review. Steak, green beans, potato of choice, salad and a beer for 8 freaking bucks!  Service is quick the meat is great (not a sizzler steak by any means). You gotta try this joint!
3	Steak and eggs breakfast $5.99, great deal for the amount and quality of food you get and if you're with good company, it helps!My friends and I came here on a late Sunday morning after a weekend of, well, enjoying Vegas, and we were exhausted. Ellis island was a cab-ride away from our hotel which was on the middle of the strip, I think about $7 there with tip and then we walked back to the strip after our meal (maybe a 5-10 minute walk). We had to check in to get a number; the wait was about 35 minutes and we finally sat down around noon.  The casino itself was overly-smoky just like all old casinos in Vegas, and I was starting to get sick by the time they seated us.  Also, waiting in a casino- not always the best idea; I lost about $10 on the slots during the wait so in reality, I spent more than what I would have if we had a simple breakfast on the strip...The food- great value for the price!  I ordered my steak medium and it was pretty decent if not a little tough.  I ordered fries instead of the breakfast potatoes for a little bit extra cost and eggs were scrambled.  I don't actually eat eggs, but I nibbled on them just to test- not bad. The size of the meal was decent- I left pretty full.   Overall, I thought the food was decent and a great value but in the future, I might have to stick to the strip.  I'm not a fan overly-smoky casinos and the fact that there was no other casinos or attractions next door; I was smoked-out by the time we had finished breakfast.
4	This is a little favorite of ours.  Their restaurant has all the right combinations of comfort food.  You can't beat the prices and everyone is always so nice (at least when we've been there).  It's a little hole in the wall place, but we've always had pretty good experiences.
4	This is a raunchy looking spot but I gave it a 4 star for  3 reasons. Its a small place so when you gamble, you get your drinks super fast. 2nd, they have a good deal on their bbq. 3rd, the dealers want you to win. If you dont win, you dont come back, you dont come back, this place closes down.
5	this place is freaking awesome.. 15 bucks for a salad, bread roll, prime rib, baked potato and a beer... that's ridiculous.. as long as you can stand the cigarette smoke and all the old people here.. this is definitely a place to check out if the casino gets your money and you still want good meal
2	I came here on a saturday afternoon and it was my first time there. HOUR AND A HALF WAIT?!?! There was a big long booth and 4 tables open? You kidding me? I'd like to give zero stars on the service because let me tell you, I have never experience the type of service they were giving that day. Dora, the hostess had an attitude on her. Every so often I would check about how much longer until our number will be called and she said "I am sorry I cannot give you that estimiate because it depends on how fast people eat." Really?Then our number was skipped because she said they had to get the table ready but there was two other tables ready, I didn't understand it. I saw a customer trying to ask her a question and she turned her back at him and was like you need to go talk to your waiter and the customer was so upset, he just walked away. I think Dora should brush up on her customer service skills and be a little more happier next time. I gave 2 stars and put up with the wait because I heard the food was worth it. In the end I was very satified with the food but it just didn't seem like a happy environment. The place seemed stressed out.
4	$5.99 steak and eggs. Gotta ask for it. Not listed on their menu but it's always available. Whether you come in for breakfast or stumble in after getting your drink on. Their customer base is also pretty diverse although there's an old people diner kind of feel to it. But enough about that, steak and eggs! Comes with potatoes and toast. Service is decent and they serve your party's order at the same time so it might take a while for your order to arrive. Also worth noting that we waited 45 minutes for a table. Seemed like their standard for a Sunday brunch since there were so many other people waiting. They could use more servers though, as the wait was definitely not due to lack of tables.
3	The perfect place to go to after a club or late at night because it is 24 hours. It's tacky looking and definitely doesn't look nice.  The service wasn't amazing, but they did pay attention to us. However, where else can you get decent steak in the middle of the night?One star for being open late, one star for being cheap, one star for quick service, and one star for decent food.  You seriously get what you paid for. The food that we ordered were not on the menu, but they definitely do serve it.$3.99- Scrambled eggs, potatoes, toast with butter, and medium well steak:I didn't want to eat too much so I opted for the steak and egg. It was definitely not of best quality.  Next time, I will definitely pay $2 more for the better version.$7.99- Mash potatoes, string beans, much better medium steak:This was the best deal! You get the mash potatoes, string beans, steak, a beer (or root beer), and a side salad (or soup).  What a fantastic deal! The steak is definitely better than the $3.99 steak.  I was literally in love with the steamed string beans (from frozen packages). It was just so juicy (but we all know that it is just the melted ice).Overall: Great place for cheap food late at night!
3	last day we were here we wanted to go check out the steak and eggs... the wait was just too long for the food we got. it was okay, probably would of been better if we got the cheap steak and egg meal.
4	$5.99 steak and eggs deal that you won't see posted anywhere, not even on their menu. I couldn't believe it. My bro recommended it to me and I had to text him to double check it was true because I didn't see it anywhere! Asked the lady at the front just to make sure it was still going and she confirmed it. There was very little wait and the server took our orders quickly and the steak came out reasonably fast. The main issue I have here is that they do not know how to cook their steaks consistently. My friend ordered his steak rare and got it medium rare. I ordered mine medium rare and got it done medium well. My other friend ordered hers well done and got medium rare. No, our plates were not mixed up, the little fork thingies on the steaks indicated how they were cooked. None of them were correct. Anyway, the eggs were great and the potatoes were excellent! Well cooked and reasonably spiced. I think the potatoes are the hidden gem in this deal (it should be called steak, eggs and potatoes!) They also give you 2 slices of bread (4 pieces) along with jelly. They layer a ton of butter onto the bread too. Oh yeah, there's always a couple homeless people on the sidewalk in front of the 7-Eleven. They wanted to trade me some change for my tie. LOLTIP: Late night munchies? No worries $5.99 steak and eggs waiting for you--they're open 24 hours!
5	Vegas, Vegas, Vegas!Went last year, stayed at Hooters with free rooms and good accommodations. We were looking for a good steak and egg breakfast place, locally and the operator at Hooters told us we HAVE to go to Ellis Island. We listened...It was AMAZING! $5.99 for a good size piece of steak, eggs, potatoes and toast is too good to be true! I ordered a bloody mary, it was 4.50! Haha, this place is so cheap and awesome. Old school for sure!!! But you have to "ask" for the special. Enjoy!
5	I'm going to be reviewing not the actual casino, but the BBQ restaurant they have here. That was pretty amazing. You get some awesome cheap beer and amazing (and wonderfully priced) BBQ. PS. Get a players card.I ordered a half-rack of ribs and they accidentally gave me a full rack of ribs. They charged me for a half-rack, though. That was awesome, to say the least.My three guy friends all got the chicken and ribs combo. I would never have been able to finish it. So there's plenty of food in the combo deal for you boys to get full on.I am definitely excited to be back for it.Also, it opens at 4pm but you might wanna get there at 3pm to get a number or else the wait time will be awful. We got in very quick since my friend and I went there around 3. After you finish, please skedaddle so they can serve the line :).
5	HANDS DOWN!! BEST PLACE IN LAS VEGAS TO EAT!! For prime rib and a beer all for $12.99. I found Ellis Island on Yelp.com and we were never disappointed, not once. Our waitress Grace was a delight, smiling, and more than attentive. We actually hung out in the casino for a while afterwards. We will most certainly be back on every trip! I read the breakfast here is amazing so I hopefully can experience this on my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	The steak special here is fantastic! It's pretty much my go-to when I'm strapped for cash but still want a restaurant experience with courses. Doesn't hurt that the beers crafted in house are only $1.75.Is this the best steak you'll ever have? Heck no. But where else can you regularly get soup or salad to start, and a filet cut top sirloin with choice of potato and green beans for $8? Nowhere, I tell you. The best part about this deal? It comes with a free beer (or rootbeer.. get a beer, sissy). And their beers are pretty darn good.I personally love the taste of sirloin. I think filet mignon is overrated in everything but it's tenderness (ribeye.. that is all.) The sirloin at Ellis is hit or miss, really, both in preparation and in quality. Sometimes I've gone and it's been tender, and sometimes my jaw is sore by the end of dinner. I usually order medium-rare and it's usually medium or medium-well, occasionally rare, and once in a blue moon, cooked correctly. The green beans are fresh green beans and are sometimes still crisp, and sometimes really mushy and buttered with loads of fresh garlic. The baked potato is standard, and the mashed potatoes come with gravy that is much like cafeteria gravy and is oddly satisfying in that way.. steak fries are steak fries. The soups change day to day and range from chili to New England clam chowder (surprisingly good). The salads are your standard iceberg romaine carrot purple cabbage mix with croutons and cherry tomatoes, but their Italian dressing is made in house and it is bangin'.Other dishes: Orange Roughy - delicious. Fish n Chips - delicious! (Same as Village Pub, but cheaper at Village Pub). Clams - good, fresh. French onion soup - super greezy. I think the bread they use is a piece of garlic bread. They also have the mandatory casino breakfast specials that seem like a good deal, I've never tried them.This is an $8 steak. This is not a steak house. This is the kind of steak that benefits from being cooked a little more by getting just a bit more tender.. go medium-rare. For the price, you won't have any regrets. Unless you're a vegetarian (sissy).
5	MY review is for the BBQ place inside only, not the Casino or the other restaraunts (they have a family restaraunt, a pizzeria, and a bar area with microbrew beer)Wow.  wowow.  Now this is BBQ.  I have to say this place is my number one place for BBQ in the US hands down.  I've eaten here four times and it never fails to disappoint, it is a tender BBQ plate with BBQ Corn and all the other sides as well are great.  come here on off hours if you don't have time for waiting, because if you come here during mainstream mealtime you will have at least a 45 minute to hour and a half wait.Food Channel did a review on this place as well, and rated it very high, while I found out about the place from a cabbie I did find the review via google.This is a can't miss when you are in Vegas, but don't be suprised by the actual casino itself, this is very much an off strip casino (behind Bally's)  Casino it is dark, smokey and not appealing otherwise the food.
4	Baby back ribs smell amazing..8 dollars steak special sealed the deal though...beware of 1.5 hour wait for party of 15..
4	For some unknown reason, I have an affinity for this place.What is it? It's a dive-casino. Yes, sort of like a dive bar, but a dive casino. It's small, dark, worn down, and not-so-easy on the eyes. But I like coming down here to get away from the strip every once in a while.Its a local spot. I think their biggest draw is their restaurant, which always has great deals for steak (it's something like 7 bucks) and you get a salad and some other things with it. Everything is very cheap here. If you have never been and decide on coming, don't have any expectations. Don't expect great service, valet, or pretty cocktail waitresses. Come here because you want a cheap meal and to take an escape from fantasy and step into reality, for only a minute.
5	This place is soooo GOOD and sooooo CHEAP! Venue: Slightly off the strip. Best to just take the taxi there. The restaurant is inside an old ghetto casino. Old casino diner type place. Came here on thurs 12am no wait.Service: Very friendly staff.Food:King cut prime rib (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=CA0rpZTDLC1UDZ1pARWJLQ) - $12.99  Comes with a tall sized beer and salad. Salad was nasty should have opt-in for soup. Prime rib was Really really GOOD! Especially for the price!! It's definitely way better than prime rib they serve at the buffets in vegas. Nice, Juicy and Tender..Ny steak and eggs special (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=ijDx9t3kG5Lw58dIQfC5cQ) - $5.99 (Only on Weekdays 11pm-11am and Weekends 11am-2pm) A decent sized juicy and tender steak. Comes with eggs any style, toast, and hashbrown. The food quality was definitely way better than other cheap steak places.Price: CHEAP!Overall: Would definitely want to come back every time I go to Vegas.
3	My friend and I are addicted to karaoke, so while in Las Vegas we had to get our fix.  Ellis Island was close to our hotel so we gave it a try on a Saturday night.  The drink prices were very cheap and parking was great.  Service was very slow, due to a huge crowd and 2 waitresses for the entire place.  The crowd was noisy and the stage was located so anyone sitting on our side couldn't see the singers.  Bathrooms were way on the other side of the cassino from the karaoke bar.  The KJ was nice, but the song selection was VERY limited...my top 3 choices (sung at numerous other venues...nothing unusual).  The worse part was the smoke, though.  I think close to half the crowd was smoking and there wasn't sufficient ventilation to handle it.  We aren't smokers, and had to walk outside several times because we actually started feeling light headed and ill.  No bueno!Next trip to Vegas we will try another venue.
4	I couldn't find a separate entry for the BBQ restaurant inside Ellis Island, but it's a must go joint. Head toward the Metro Pizza Counter and take a right at the beer fermenters and you're there. They open at 4PM and it pays to get there early. I went on a Tuesday night, got there about 5:30 and had to wait an hour. Really, really good BBQ ribs and chicken.
2	We had a late breakfast at Ellis with each of us ordering easy over eggs, wheat toast and breakfast potatoes.  The meal and service were pretty good though just a little less so than on recent visits.  A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
5	This place is one of the best Deals in Las Vegas! $7.99 Gets you an awesome Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings and includes a 20 oz Micro Brew of your choice! Loved it!
4	I am always a little scared of the off strip casinos but I really liked this place.The front bar has Karaoke 7 nights a week until 3am and I really enjoyed it. I must say that the first couple of singers had dark sides to them...Sound Garden, Metallica, etc... I instantly knew this was not a happy let's sing pop and love songs kind of crowd. This was pretty dark hard core singing. I was just amazed that the screaming and voices were dead on. It was a little refreshing for me, then the typical singers I encounter.The bartenders were a little disconnected. It seems like they were making drinks for other people outside the bar. There was a secret window where "OPD" went...what you don't know what that means? Okay fine "Other Peoples Drinks!" Now are you down with me? It was like you needed a road flare to get there attention and I was sitting at the bar. Plus there is a 10 buck min for a tab on credit card. Also do not start a tab with the waitress and then order a drink from the bartender because they do not work well together. Okay as I'm writing this sober I'm realizing this paragraph deserves like one star.I need to get back to my happy spot...good cold fresh micro brew beer flowing from taps behind the bar. I wish the tap was on my side.  I also wish the bathroom was closer because I needed to return the beer back to nature. So I went on my walk through the casino. I loved it. As I walked around, I noticed 5 buck blackjack...it was over $25 back at our big casino on the strip. I love that these little places have low starting limits. If I was Mayor of Funtown I would make a law that said there will be no set table bets. Hey if I wanna gamble a buck why can't I? Why are you forcing me to lose more money?I think this place is a find and I can hardly wait to come back here but I'm going to need to start working on some dark songs to sing or I might get kicked out.
4	Do not pass over this place because of the location.  Simply put, the best sirloin and eggs I have ever had. Even the bread and potatoes were fantastic.  I am a Bellagio snob. Every time I go to Vegas I refuse to give anyone else my money.  However, this was fantastic. Given that there are soooo many other $X.99 steak specials in Vegas, it is easy yo chalk all them all up as crap.  But, this one is the exception. Oh, and my girlfriend got the ham and eggs and the ham was still on the bone. It was that really good textured and uneven colored ham that you would get at a higher end place. Just the right amount of dryness and very dense. Oh, and it was the size of her plate. the only weird thing was the butter that they put on the toast.  It seemed like it was the liquid butter that they put on popcorn. Ask for the butter on the side and you will be golden.
3	Decent beer, good variety of restaurants, and even better gaming promos make this a good choice for doing Vegas on a budget! My out of town guests have enjoyed taking advantage of the deals here. It's also a popular spot with locals.
3	We go for the karaoke and the cheap beer. Always have had a good time, except for the last time I went. The cocktail waitress in the karaoke bar was horrible. For some reason she thought it was ok to tip herself with our change, she would keep at least a dollar for herself instead of allowing us to tip her. . . and she was over charging us for our drinks. . . like seriously overcharging. We finally got it figured out with the bartender who happily refunded our money, and we just started giving our waitress exact change for our drinks. The KJ on the weekdays needs an attitude adjustment too. . . He has favorites that he lets sing over and over again, yet the new people or people that don't go 3 times a week aren't even given a chance. The rest of the casino is nothing to really get excited about. . . although from my experience most of the bartenders are really cool. Overall. . . if you go to karaoke on the weekends or just stick to the bar you should have a pretty good time
3	If you want to know where all the cab drivers hang out early in the morning ....this is the place! It was tough to find parking so we just parked in the garage. We came here for the steak and egg special it was $9.99 when we went. There was like a 15 minute wait ! The potatos that came with the meal were tasty and a nice golden brown. The steak was a little too cooked for me. I like my steak to be a little pink inside. We almost left without paying because the alarm went off saying to evacuate the building. It was a false alarm though. If you want a break from the prices on the strip this is a decent place to go.
1	Is there LESS than one star??   I used to recommend Ellis Island ribs to EVERYONE coming to Las Vegas, but no more.  You guys absolutely suck.  We went in with an 11 year old and her dad, the first time in Vegas for both of them, and the FIRST night in town I took them to ELLIS ISLAND.   After an hour wait for a table, we left with an 11 year old in tears because they don't serve DINNER to anyone under 21, even with outdoor seating, and they don't offer take-out either.  No way for me to pull THAT one out of the bag.  We went to Margeritaville instead.Way to ruin a vacation, guys.  It just wasn't that much to ask.  I'm a local, and I won't be back, and I'll tell anyone that will listen that Ellis Island is NOT the place to go.
2	Cheap beers is the main reason to come here...I think?  $2 for a 20 oz "microbrew."  Unfortunately, the beers I tried (IPA and Amber) were nuttin' special.  $2 is a fair price.The craps table was closed at about 11 pm on a Friday night.  We had a group of 5 people just dying to lose some money playing craps.  They still wouldn't open the table, and were all put off that we would even dare ask.  Hmph!  Undeterred, we played a bit of blackjack...until the pit boss told us the table was going to be closed after that deck.  What the heck!  This is the only casino in Vegas that will actively try to not take your money, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it.We took our business elsewhere.  Mediocre beers, dummies running the tables, and tons and tons of cigarette smoke.  I don't have a reason to go back.
4	Cafe yay!There were a number of food places in this casino. We ended up in the Cafe. The selection of food here was great and the affordable price even better! I had the pork chops meal for something like $8.99. No wonder the place always had long waiting lists... it goes by pretty fast, though, and we were seated quickly (10 min wait).  Service was good. Not located on the strip but worth visiting if looking for a cheap place to eat.
4	With so many Steak and Eggs deal in town, it's hard to know which one to choose. I'd have to say Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs are great.Let's talk about the restaurant itself; it's located about one block away from the Strip, so it's relatively close to all the big hotels. If you're out on the Strip late at night, maybe just got done with clubbing or meeting some friends and want to get some grub at a decent price, this would be my first choice. Yep, and I said grub :) So don't expect any fine-dining steakhouse quality, but it's a great fixer at 2am in the morning when you don't want to settle with pizza or McDonalds.In fact, I'd give the food more credit than just that. It's a lively little place to chat and enjoy a good dish while at it. The Steak and eggs portion are really great for the price. It's definitely filling and the steak is juicy and well-cooked. The service is what you expect at a casino; fast and friendly. My only complaint would be that Ellis Island is really showing its age. I don't know how old the building is but everything, including the casino, interior, and restaurant just seems a little aged. But of course, that can be charming as well, just depends how you look at it.So where am I gonna go after I see Deadmau5 or Redfoo at Marquee at 2am in the morning? This place of course! Also, now that I think about it, it's probably even walking distance from Marquee (Although being a pedestrian at 2 in the morning on the Las Vegas Strip is probably not a good idea).
5	My favorite housemade root beer in town, 2 bucks for a big ole glass. It's really good.
4	This place is great if you go with the right expectations.  The service is pretty poor but everything else is amazing.  $5 black jack tables on a Friday night and an amazing steak and egg breakfast special.  Not only is it really cheap ($5.99) but it is really good!
5	The wait here for the BBQ restaurant can be over 2 hrs long. It seems better between 2 and 4pm. They have their own brewery. This is dive-y feeling casino with a few hipsters around. It's very mellow, though feels darker then most other places. During the warmer times of the year they have outdoor events, like hot dog eating contests. They steak house here is also very good, with a minimal line. This is a must try place in LV. One of my favorite.
4	The party that Ellis Island hosted was one of the highlights of my Yelp Spring Break trip!I had never heard of this place, it's off the strip (but not by much), older, and divey. They were hosting a BBQ that us yelpers were invited to as part of our trip. For $5 each, we got a combo of a choice of ribs, burger, hot dog, or turkey leg, potato salad, and corn on the cob. Plus, there was free beer and Malibu shots all night. Can you see why we all decided to come here?We rounded up a crew of elites and made our way over. Of course I had to get the turkey leg, because, when do you ever get to walk around biting from a big ol' turkey leg?? It was great but the ribs were my favorite, with a sweet, smoky flavor and falling off the bone. As others here have said, good BBQ is hard to find and Ellis Island really makes themselves stand out. We signed up for the players club so we could enter a raffle, and we got to watch a hot dog eating contest, dance, get more free beers, and just hang out. I didn't gamble, but the casino is darker and smaller than most casinos. Staff was very friendly and welcoming to us, too. I would definitely come back here for the summer events they host, or just for the food! Great BBQ, cheapness, hospitality, and great times.
4	Beer and BBQ: two of my very favorite things in life.  Lucky for me, Ellis Island serves up both for a great price!  I went to their summer kick-off beach party, where us Elite Yelpers were treated to a fab VIP section and great deals.  They really took care of us!  They offered a choice of BBQ selections and sides - I chose the ribs with corn and coleslaw.  I admit, I had been drinking, and when I'm drinking everything tastes amazing, but daaaaaaamn, those were some good ribs!  They were perfectly sauced and cooked just right.  Their regular beer prices are super reasonable, and their beer is brewed right there on-site.  I'm from Portland, aka Microbrew Capital of the World, so their beers didn't rock my world, but they were still pretty good.  I tried their hard lemonade though, and I had to put it down - icky.  The casino is smaller and definitely more dive-y, but they've got some of the newer slots and low-limit table games. I had a great time while I was here and I'll definitely be back.
4	I came here for a yelp elite event and had a great time! We went on a Saturday for a "beach" party. Drinks were on the house at the outside bar they had set up and food was $5 for ribs, polish sausage, hot dog, or a giant turkey leg. Meat came with a small corn on the cob and a small side of potato salad. Food was cheap and tasty. The turkey leg was huge and super tasty! Corn and potato salad were done just right. Especially the potato salad! The beer was okay. It is brewed on site but was lacking some flavor. The IPAD was a bit too light. The Weiss was good in flavor but needed a little more of a kick. I tried some of the pizza inside as well. It was great! I ordered the cheese and also had a slice of mushroom because it was so amazing!The atmosphere is nice inside. Small and quaint. A few black jack tables. One roulette table and a ton of slot machines.Thanks for a great time and reasonable prices! I will return for sure!!
5	I thought by day 3/4 in our Vegas trip I would be totally spent, but something about Ellis island infused me with all sorts of energy.  Maybe it was the gigantic turkey leg, maybe it was the raffle with tons of gifts, or maybe it was the free beer.  All I can say is, it WASN'T the hot dog eating contest... as cool as it was to watch, I felt physically ill and I wasn't even participating!What Ellis Island may lack in the big strip pizazz, it makes up for in charm and guile.  Cheap, delicious food, karakoe, and a super friendly staff all make for a great experience.  We were fortunate enough to meet Mike who was running the event we attended, and he was a total boss.  We were totally taken care of, and even obliged in our ridiculous scavenger hunt requests.  I know that Vegas is known for good customer service, but I guess I just did not expect to be so warmly welcomed throughout my stay.  This event was just a great example of the kind of things I enjoy;  a backyard BBQ feel with a live band, great food, great friends, and a fantastic host.  I even won some money at the Blackjack table.  It doesn't get any better than this.  Turkey Leg!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=SICcD3aU6LmtyFMrWrAQKA
3	Went here with co-workers. One of them got the King Cut Prime Rib, and BOY OH BOY, that thing was huge! I don't know how he finished all the meat. Of course, I got seafood, and didn't get red meat (I know, I don't know why, especially when this place is known for its red meat). I enjoyed our time there, we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, it was a late Friday afternoon (5pm). Enjoyed shrimp alfredo and got out of there. Didn't realize there was a free beer with certain orders, I would have gotten that, had I known. Was tired, and after a long workday this place worked.
4	I keep thinking I've already reviewed Ellis Island.This is our go to place for steak and eggs. I've yet to find a better deal that doesn't require you to go at odd hours. No having to wait for the midnight special. Gotta love that!The service is friendly. The wait can be long depending on when you get here. The longest we've waited was probably 45 minutes. Our last visit, the service wasn't so stellar as they server didn't even bother to check in on us and refill out waters. She also practically took the cash from my hands while my companions and I are still figuring out the bill. So the brewery part, I've only tried their rootbeer so far and I must admit that I love it. If you're used to commercial rootbeer, this might not be right for you.The casino itself is pretty decent. Good mix of new and old slot machines with a few table games here and there.Side note: They also hosted Elite Yelpers for the Yelp Spring Break :)
4	Wait, there's more to Vegas than the Strip? You've got to be kidding me.Ellis Island was a partner for our Yelp Spring Break experience, and so we came here on a Saturday evening to enjoy a night of BBQ, free beer, a hot dog eating contest, and live music. It's an unassuming place, with a patio that feels like a backyard, but Mike the owner made us feel welcome and was an incredible host. A limbo contest and small casino with low minimums provided more entertainment for our low-key night!
4	This is the best steak you're gonna find for under $20....for under $10 (6.99 + a $2 drink).  Also, the beers are great tasting and you won't find a cheaper beer.  $1.50-2 for a tall one....just don't be a cheap ass with your tips...to get full and drunk in this place can be had on a $20 bill.BUTYou have to deal with a usually long wait for a table, even when there are tons of obviously open tables....Bad service....this is hit or miss, sometimes you get great service, other times you get horrible service.  Your steak WILL come out underdone a degree, so if you are like me and enjoy medium rare steaks,  order medium.Old and smelly location....looks and smells like old vegas in here.  Reeks of smoke and old people.But if you can look past all the good, the food and drink make it worth your while
4	$7.99 for a 12oz sirloin steak with a baked potato , green beans, salad, and a beer.  If this doesn't scream cheap airline crew layover spot, I don't know what does.The kicker is the steak was cooked exactly as ordered, the potato was huge, the green beans had a great garlic seasoning mixed in, and the house beer was cold and tasty... for $10 with the tip... seriously.
5	BBQ was AWESOME! Wait us usually long, plan about an hour to get seated. They start taking names at 3, opens at 4pm. Seating area is small, booths good for parties of 2-4. 21+ only!For Club members 12.99 gets you a rack of ribs, corn on the cob, beans and cole slaw! What could be better! Ribs were meaty! BBQ was great! Micro Brew beers were $2!! Totally worth the wait! Definitely will be back next time I am in town!!
3	Good food. Cheap
4	Yes, this may be one of the smokiest places in Vegas but it is also one of the best. My hidden little jewel off of the strip :) The food is cheap and soooo good. Steak is always cooked to order. And the beer ... I am not a beer person but YAY! I cannot go to LV without making a stop here.
4	Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is one of those cool off-strip casinos that is close enough to the action without being overrun by tourists.  It's for locals and tourists alike.  We came on a Saturday as part of Yelp Spring Break and enjoyed a BBQ and beer.  There was a live band, food trucks, and our awesome host Mike.  The slots are loose here and the blackjack table we were at was HOT.  It's a great place to come and enjoy a few hours or a few days.  Apparently they have an awesome $5.99 steak and eggs special.  Who knew?  Not this gal.  TIL.  Thanks for the memories Ellis Island!
2	Well. What can I say about Ellis Island.  Trashy casino slightly off the strip.  Let's break this down.First, I stopped by several years ago with my fam bam because Dad read that they had good pizza at Metro Pizza. My mom put one foot in the door and immediately turned around and said let's go.  We'll get back to this.I came again around 7am a few nights ago for some steak and eggs, recommended by the valet at Artisan Boutique Nightclub/Hotel, and by our cab driver.  This is apparently where every cab driver comes for their steak and eggs, $5.99.  The food was nothing to write home about, very standard.  Clientele was ALL cab drivers, divided into various ethnic groups, telling outrageous cab stories.  I did feel a little awkward, my friend and I being the only girls in there for awhile, and being stared down by the cab drivers.  The waitress was attentive, and she knew the cabbies like regulars.  We easily scored a cab home (this comment will make sense in a bit).  I would have rather gone to the Peppermill.The next night we came back to sample the pizza (since my dad said it was good years ago) and check out the karaoke bar.  Metro Pizza is 2 for 1 large pizza's on Sundays. Good deal if you ask me.  There is however, no place to sit and eat your pizza.  You can sit in the adjacent booths only after 10pm, because they are really only for the BBQ place.  I thought the pizza was pretty good, but I would have rather had it delivered to my room.The real irony came when we were unable to find a taxi after our pizza feast. Not a single one to be found. There were 20+ drivers there not 14hrs ago! We walked to the hotel next door, and they called a cab for us and some other folks.  One showed up about 25 minutes later, and he told us to walk to the 7-11, that there were 2 sitting there. Make sure you have a ride home, because this place is not on the regular taxi circuit.To sum it up, I would not come back unless I had to, and I would have their pizza delivered to my lazy butt.
5	this 5 star review is only for the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast that they serve in their little restaurant every day after midnight til the wee hours in the morning.  You can also get a steak dinner for 7.99 if memory serves me right.Talk about a hidden local gem.If you are hankering for that cheap breakfast deal in the middle of the night - head over to Ellis Island Casino, which is a few blocks off the strip.It's a decent size ny strip steak, eggs cooked to your preference, potatoes and toast.  Yes - it's not Prime restaurant worthy steak, but it's not bad considering it's a decent cut of steak.The dining room can get kinda full on the weekends - obviously a lot of people come stumbling in here after a hard night of partying....so keep that in mind when you come looking for a deal in the middle of the night.
1	My friends and I were looking for a good place for Karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday and we were recommended Ellis Island by the concierge of our hotel. Not far from the strip, the place is small and a dive which is fine. We got there just as a contest was beginning and as far as the Karaoke was concerned, it was fun and engaging.The service and the drinks however...left a lot to be desired. If you go, order beer because they pour the weakest mixed drinks...ever!!!! In fact calling them mixed drinks is an insult to mixed drinks. We were a little buzzed when we got there and and literally sobered up after drinking their pathetic offerings.I ordered a white Russian and when it arrived I was treated to a glass of cream and ice with about a 16th of an inch of Kahlua at the bottom and no discernible vodka. The smallest strip of liquor I've ever seen in a drink claiming to be a white Russian. I hadn't been paying attention when the waitress dropped it off so I had to wait for her to make the rounds again to draw her attention to it. When she finally made it back, I showed her and she told me that it "comes out of the gun like that". So this "full bar" is using premixed white Russian concoctions? No. It didn't occur to me until later that of course she was lying because you can't get a mixed drink like that to pour separately out of a gun, it would be a solid color and I wouldn't have seen the paper thin stripe of Kahlua at the bottom. So I gave her the drink and asked her to take it off the bill and she left.She comes back a few minutes later with the drink and tells me she told the manager and they added a free shot of Kahlua to it and now the strip is gone like they stirred it. So benefit of the doubt, I'm thinking it looks like they're trying to make things right. I take a sip and it's like drinking slightly sweetened cream in ice. No hint of alcohol in the slightest.Meanwhile, my friend had ordered an Adios Mother F****r which should have been named a 'See Ya later, Pal' because like my drink, his didn't even had stiff language in it. He kept his though after watching the little dance I was doing with the waitress. When she returned again, I told her that the drink was still horrible. I didn't want it. The glass was still full and to take it back. She did and mostly avoided our table the rest of the evening. At one point she came by and asked my friend if he wanted another and he told her he'd rather not pay $11 for another blue lemonade.I don't know about the food everyone else talked about on Yelp because after 9 they only served a small list of appetizers that were okay from our sampling in the karaoke area. Nothing I would worry about getting again but not the worst I ever had. The Karaoke was fun and the singers were actually a mixture of really good and really bad,..basically what you want from karaoke.When she finally brought the check, there was the white Russian living large at full price for all to see. It had not been removed and no manager ever came by to see what he could do. They just didn't give a crap whether we came back or if we told anyone or EVERYONE on the internet how crappy it was.So the bottom line is: if you go, drink beer and NOTHING ELSE because they will completely screw you as evidenced with them trying to charge me for a small glass of cream that may or may not at one time have been sitting next some alcohol but the inside of the glass never saw any.But if you want to Karaoke, there are plenty of places you can go where they might respect their customers at least a little and/or be aware that there is this thing called the internet where people will tell other people how poorly(pourly?) they think of the people they expect money from.
4	Prime rib was great, and only $12, big selection, great beer! Will be back every time were out here!
4	This is a place that may not be everyone, but I love it.  They coupon heavily...in both the Las Vegas Advisor and the Casino Guide.  They let you use multiple BOGO coupons at the same table and the free drink coupons (5 or 6) depending on the book are heavy pours.  It is a brewery and the beers are excellent at $2 each.The food is pretty solid.  I am particularly fond of the Prime Rib.  The service is above average, but do realize that this is a local working class joint.The group running the KARAOKE are pro's.  I know that Vegas is not the mecca or KAROAKE towns, but if you want to do it come here.Also kid friendly in the cafe!I know that it is connected to the Super 8, but this place is FUN!
1	Ellis Island, you are dead to me!Oh Ellis Island, I have been a fan for over 10 years. I have been a loyal customer. I have sung your praises from mountain tops. I brought my friends to enjoy the goodness (or should I say former goodness) of your $7.99 steak dinner. But no more! After the experience I had last night, you are indeed now dead to me and hopefully to all the people who read this review.Ellis Island, I stuck with the even after you continually raised the price of your steak dinner from $4.99 to $5.99 to $6.99 to what it is now $7.99.Ellis Island, I stuck with you despite the increasingly awful service...your employees have no sense of urgency nor do they understand customer service.Ellis Island, I stuck with you even after finding out that your "center cut sirloin" is indeed just beef scraps combined with meat glue, rolled up into a loaf and cut into "steaks."But, after the experience I had last night with your obnoxious, insensitive, offensive, bully of a restaurant manager I will never visit your establishment again.I arrived on a Monday night at 9:15pm very excited and hungry. I was really looking forward to a "steak" dinner. We were unenthusiastically "greeted" by a hostess who told us there was a 20 minute wait. Odd, the restaurant was more than half empty...in fact the casino was almost empty. The hostess then directed my attention to a printer paper sign stating the kitchen is being cleaned and anyone who arrives after 9:30 pm will only be able to order off of a limited menu. As we were given a 20 minute wait time I asked the hostess if we would be able to get the steak dinner...she said no. I told her we were there now and if we were seated by 9:30, the supposed cut off time, would we be able to order the steak dinner...she said no. I explained we came specifically for the steak dinner, having walked from the strip, and asked if there was any way we could get the steak dinner...she said no. I then asked to speak to the manager.After a long wait the manager finally arrived...with a security guard. Really, a security guard? Please look at my Yelp picture...do I look like a threat? The manager stood about 2 inches from my face and proceeded to tell me No over and over again. He kept interrupting me when I pointed out his restaurant was empty, that the hostess was specifically giving wait times so that that people would have to order off the limited menu, etc. I told him his manner and policies were completely unacceptable. I finally just asked, "Am I going to be able to order a steak dinner?" He got even closer to me and yelled, "No!" I then informed him that I would make sure to tell everyone about this terrible experience and he yelled in a close and threatening manner, "Don't threaten me!" I told him that I was not threatening, just informing him that this is what is going to happen and this is what happens when people receive horrible customer service like this. We then walked out, while the manager continued to yell at us.Amazing! I have never had an experience like this. Just an FYI to you my Yelp friends...this is the experience you can expect from Ellis Island. Inferior food, inferior service, all served up to you by a manager who is a bully. Enter at your own risk.
4	If you're looking for an inexpensive yet yummy breakfast or dinner near the strip, look no further! Their steak and eggs are delicious! We ate here twice during our stay. We will definitely be returning on our next Vegas trip. The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because both times we arrived the hostess clearly saw us but it took her a good 5 minutes to acknowledge us. A simple "I'll be right with you" would have been much appreciated. The waitresses are very nice!
2	Since writing my initial review, I have been in conversation with a representative of Ellis Island who has offered to make things right during my next Vegas trip. Not sure when that would be but they did reach out and make the offer, so that's something anyway. Shows that someone there is concerned with how costumers are treated so maybe next time.......
5	I recommend EI for locals and tourists that are seeking a genuinely FUN night! Inexpensive drinks, great pizza, small comfortable atmosphere, and most importantly, the Karaoke! Extensive song selections, supportive crowd, it's like home. Plus there are frequent visits from local celebrities like Joey Fatone! :)
4	Hands down, best STEAK and Egg place in Vegas. Wayy better than buffalo bills! I heard about this place from my roommate and decided to try it. I am not really sure if I like it because of the price but this is my go to steak and eggs place in Vegas.
4	My new favorite late night spot in Vegas. $7.99 for a sirloin dinner with salad & root beer/beer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tE6wusQQtmsG3r5NyN7EQg)? Or how about $12.99 for a delicious prime rib dinner (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=AiG3iREeIJLCS2y5QjLU3Q)? Win or lose at the tables, you're sure to win here at Ellis Island Cafe. The steak and prime rib, especially the latter, are so tender and juicy. The prime rib might as well come out of one of the buffets from the elite resorts on the strip. Each bite you take, you just wonder to yourself how the hell this is so cheap? The service is great, staff's always attentive and friendly. If you want meat in the wee hours of the morning, skip Earl's and get yourself a real meal for the same price.
1	I skipped Ellis Island Casino & Brewery because of the negative reviews with no feedback from ownership - especially Carrie D.'s where the manager came out to yell at her with a security guard. Seriously, look at her picture - he needed a security guard?
4	Came here for steak & eggs for 5.79. Such a good deal. Food is decent for the price but nothing super amazing. It was pretty packed even at 5 in the morning.
2	scary.pretty damn scary.I know this is Vegas but these are the places where you can feel the gambling addiction running through the place like a current, the crowd was tense, manic and the smell of desperation wafted through stronger than the pumped in air over the smoke.I feel bad to write this to be honest, the staff I spoke to before we went were really nice but once we slipped inside, this place was WHACK!You know those movies where people are just 'in the background' trying to not look at the camera? Well those people come and sing karaoke and gamble here.We slid in on a weeknight around 11pm to see about karaoke and found that the book was pretty sparse.  The singers were taking it all WAY too seriously for a place like this and the host said it'd be an hour or more to get on the rotation.Um, not for us, sorry.
4	Is this where I rate the juicy BBQ? Is this where I rate the only place in Vegas where I can get a half portion of juicy BBQ chicken and ribs with 2 pieces of buttered toast, cole slaw, baked beans, and a side of corn for a whopping $10??HOLY MOLEY. Cheap EATS in vegas is a miracle! Not only was it affordable, but it was also deliciously filling.
4	I come here to get my Steak and Eggs fix!  Pretty good for the price.
5	Best ribs around. I'm not a drinker, but they do make their own pretty good root beer. You must get to this place around 430-5pm because otherwise there will be a wait up to 2 hours. All my friends hit this place up each visit. Love that its off the strip (1block) and close enough that you dont get lost on your journey. The restaurant inside is great too, but I dont come here for that.
2	OK, moving it to two stars because the Marketing Manager at Ellis Island sent me a note that he's looking into what happened with Carrie D. I'll keep you posted!
1	Contacted by a marketing person from Ellis Island for more info about the incident. I responded...then never heard another word. Really think they do not care about customer service. Clearly enough people show up for the cheap food. Whatever...just sad.
3	My steak was good. My friends burgers sucked. Not like it use to be.
5	So you don't have a lot of money to spend on dinner because you lots almost all your money on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine, so what are you going to have for dinner?  Well, you need to come to Ellis Island and check it out.  The only thing I've ordered from here is the $12.99 Prime Rib dinner.  I love love love me some prime rib and this place does not disappoint.  The portion is very decent, it comes with a side of garlic green beans and your choice of baked potato, fries, and I think a few other things.  You get your choice of soup or salad. And the best thing for me is their house brewed root beer.(I'm not a fan of beer)  My Bf always goes for the beer since you have your choice.  Oh, and if you want to order another beer or root beer, it's only $2.25!The service is hit or miss.  The first time we came here, it wasn't too good.  But the second time around, we had the same waiter and it was really good.  Now the only bad thing is the wait, sometimes it's long, sometimes it's not.  I believe it depends on what time you come and how many people are in your party.  We came the second time around 9pm and were told that it would be a 35min wait.  Less then 10 min later, we were seated.They have a huge variety of food, so if you're not a prime rib person like I am, they have filet, fried chicken, breakfast, fish, appitizers.  Basically American food.  Everything is reasonably priced and you can't go wrong coming here.
5	Came out to Vegas on vacation with friends.  We stumbled on this casino/restaurant by walking to it from the Condo we were staying at.  All i can say was we ate there for dinner every night.  The steak, the pot roast and bbq was hands down awesome!  I will definitely be there when i come out to Vegas again.  The service was great!  We had no problems with getting seated right away even on busy nights.  But like most of the reviews on here, some do get into snags.  My experience was great!
5	Best place to eat breakfast or BBQ in Vegas.  Great food and great price, it can't be beat.  Trust me try this place!
4	4 Stars for reasonable prices, good food, and one of the managers, Bob for overcoming the poor customer service of one individual, Sabrina.Six of us were seated at a booth.  When the above aforementioned employee approached to take our order I advised her that my wife and I will be on a separate ticket.  She said that she was not able to do that because we were all seated at the same booth.  I asked that if we were seated at the booth next to this one we could be on a separate ticket, she told me "yep".  I asked what the difference was that we were here and not there, without explaining why she just came our with "it's policy, and is written right in the menu".  I told her then we wont be returning.  Her response is the exact reason why honest working people employed in less desirable positions get a bad rap.  Their mindset is this ain't my place so what do I care if you come back or not.
1	Some friends and I went to Ellis Island to get our Sandwich and EIB or Root Beer last night. Well I decided that I wanted a Sandwich and waited in line at the Board-House. It was busy and when it was my turn I ordered the BBQ Chicken with no tomatoes and lettuce. She took my order and my coupon and did not ask me what my name was. I stood there the whole time watching what was the so called Manager make all the sandwiches. It was apparent that there was no more chicken to make the rest of the BBQ Chicken sandwich orders and he told his employee that he is going to be out of chicken. So I stood there to see if I was one of them that might not get my BBQ Chicken due to the sudden lack of chicken. I walked a way for a few minuets to ask my friends if they wanted my free beverage because I don't do beer and root beer. They said yes and I went back to ask the not so friendly cashier if I could have a half root beer half light beer and also asked her how much longer will i have to wait. She asked my name and when I told her Jon she said that they have been calling me for the past 10 mins. I told her how could that be because I have been standing her watching for the past 10 mins and no one called me to tell me that there would be no more chicken. I explained to all of them that the manager told the other person about the lack of chicken for the rest of the orders but no one called me to tell me. They also messed up on an order for the BBQ chicken sandwich. This gentlemen was supposed to get a whole and they made him a half. The bottom line is they messed up and did not want to admit to their mistake. If the cashier did call my name she is blind as a bat because I was standing right there to her right of her cash register the whole time and she never called me. Their solution was to call the casino security to have me removed. They tried to offer me a free item off their menu. They told my friends brother that they would be happy to make me anything off their menu. They could not come up to me to apologize or face me in person. Right before we left Ellis Island the cashier passed me to go to the restroom and gave me such a dirty look. I hope the owners read this and do something to correct the attitudes of their employees. They have no reason to call me a liar.
5	We found this by chance using Yelp to search for prime rib within walking distance of our hotel !!  What a find, we had some of the best prime rib for the money.  Bake potato, salad green beans and a beer for 12.99 can't go wrong !!
5	There drinks are cheap, the staff is super friendly, and the karaoke is awesome! I'm from DC originally and our karaoke bars back east pale in comparison to this place. It's loud, obnoxious, and rowdy in all the right ways like any karaoke place should be! Be careful on the cursing though; I sang summer nights with a friend and almost got kicked off stage because I kept forgetting my words and supplementing with that famous four letter word!
4	On a Monday night, I tried the steak dinner for 10. - Great deal! Not the best taste, but it gets me full and satisfied. comes also with dinner rolls, a salad, your choice of potato (i chose baked), and green beans. oh yes, and a beer (i got hef) or root beer. - steak prepared how i ordered it! unlike coronado's, ellis island made a medium perfectly. juicy and delicious. - decor looks like a place for pirates than a land of opportunity for immigrants. lol. boats shooting boats. - quick service. i got my food in time without getting grumpy. - Overall, a 4 star for good price and friendly service.
4	This is where the locals go! For six bucks, you can get a good ol' fashioned steak and eggs with toast and they are pretty good :)  Which was very surprising! I have paid triple that at other "on the strip" casinos, and they weren't as good at all.The good thing about this place is that it is not far from the strip, but you will still have to drive or get a cab to get here. Good service, good prices, and good food!I'm a fan! Side note: I always use to see big deals on billboards on the way to Vegas, advertising a Steak breakfast at around this price and never thought it would be any good. I am glad I was wrong! At least I know that I can count on Ellis Island!
2	Yelping around Vegas for some delicious craft beer, I came across Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.  We had some time to kill before check-in at our hotel so we wandered over here for some quick gambling and drinking to get the party started.  The place is a typical, old, off-strip casino.  The vibe is old and stale but it's nice that it's off the grid and cheap.  I sat at the bar and asked if they had samples of their beer so I could try them all and the bartender basically laughed at me.  I settled for a house brewed IPA in lieu of having ALL THE BEERS and was asked for $2.  $2 for a 20 ounce beer?!?  HEAVEN!  And then I tried it...it wasn't a BAD beer by any means, but it certainly wasn't anywhere near hoppy enough to be considered an IPA for me.  There was just not much flavor and it basically tasted like an everyday lighter ale.  Would I rather drink a $2 house brewed craft beer, albeit without hops, as opposed to a shitty domestic for $5 elsewhere?  HELL YES.  But I definitely wouldn't make the trip back out here just for the beer.
3	Holy SMOKE, this place had so much cigarrette smoke in the air it looked hazy.  It made the dining less enjoyable.  We went for the famous "Steak Special". And I must say it was pretty darn good.  The green beans and mash potatoes that accompanied it was enjoyable as well.
5	Was in Vegas for a few days (3) checked ellis out and became a instant fan...walking distance from the flamingo hotel... had dinner twice ... great prices and tasty food.
3	This was the 3rd time I went to eat at there BBQ area, RIBS ARE TO DIE FOR! Down fall is the lady explained it was a hour wait time, which is no big deal we went to the casino and gambled. My mother came and found us 20 mins later and explained they called our number which we could not hear, and it was not 1 hour later which was good to eat early but we didn't expect our number to be called and if it wasn't for my mother we would have missed out! Also service kinda sucks if you want refills or the check you will wait a long long time.
5	Great BBQ! I love there ribs and chicken combo. The beans, corn on the cob and slaw are also very good. I usually get a $2 ipa with my meal and its all the better NO CHILDREN ALLOWED! Please plan accordingly. Make sure you get there early I came in 1 night around 8 and BBQ was all gone.
3	Ellis Island is not a big casino but a little off the strip so its not as busy or hard to get too. The prices of the food and cheap brewed beer were acceptable. They have a karaoke bar which was rocking the house down! Seemed fun but i was there for the food :-D. I was expecting a great 4-5 star experience, but sadly it couldn't make it.I am a patient person and I do not mind if the waiter is busy helping other guests, but the fact that the waiter consecutively did not acknowledge my presence made me sad. I was ready to order a beer but since my two friends ordered water, the waiter assumed that i would have ordered water as well and walked away :( . Once the waiter came back I asked him what selection of beer he had and if he had anything similar to Blue Moon. He mentioned some beer and he walked away again. :'(. I gave up on the beer and decided to try their appetizers. I had ordered the Texas chili cheese fries, and the potatoes skins along with the chicken fried chicken. The chili and the cheese did not look appetizing and smelled kinda funny. The meet from the chili stuck to the cheese and was very awkward. The potato skins were salty, and kinda hard. The chicken fried chicken was AMAZING, but i was getting full from the weird appetizers from earlier. After the main course we decided to order dessert. "The Really Big Ice Cream Chocolate Brownie Thingy" had immediately caught our attention. Sad to say, it did not live up to it's standards. There was ice cream, a brownie, and it did look like a thingy. Overall everyone has a different experience, but you should come out and try it out for yourselves. I'll just make sure the waiter KNOWS i am aware of them lol. :-{D!
3	Sometimes I miss the Vegas I used to know, when buffets were less than $10.  It's getting harder to find those cheap meals.  Sahara used to have $7.99 Prime Rib dinners and $1.99 breakfast buffets, but Sahara is all shuttered up now. **SIGH** It was getting late and I wanted to get a decent, inexpensive meal.  I wanted to see if I can get a cheap steak dinner. So, I did a quick search on the Yelp Mobile and I got a hit...Ellis Island Casino had $6.99 steak dinners.  Score!Ellis Island is located on Koval, the backside of the strip.  It was almost 10PM, but the restaurant was packed and we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.  The place is pretty divey, but I loved it since it reminded me of how the Vegas restaurants looked liked when I would visit when I was little.  Very nostalgic.  Turns out the steak dinner is $7.99 now, but that's still a bargin.  Sizzler's is still more expensive than that.  The steak was only the size of my fist, but it comes with a baked potato and green beans (which they didn't overcook, thank goodness).  The quality was no Morton's or Ruth Chris, but hey, for the price, it filled me up and it was decent. I would come back if I am looking to satisfy my late night steak craving.
5	Best steak special in Vegas!!!  I live in the mid-west (KS) and have my share of great steaks.  $100 steak in KC on the Plaza, home raised steak you name.....Ellis Island is good as all of them!
1	Never go here. Went to the karaoke bar and the service was terrible. The people in the bar are mostly vagrants and degenerates. The karaoke dj (travis) only lets you sing if you give him money. After our party repeatedly gave him cash in his giant blue cup he continually moved our names back and asked for more money. Its the shadiest of all shady in Las Vegas. I am a born and raised local concierge and after the first time going in I will make sure to inform every person that asks about Ellis island that they should never go here. The extortion of money to participate in karaoke and the extremely unsafe environment that guests are subjected to is not a situation i would ever let anyone be subject to. last but not least there were a ton of underage kids slamming shots in the karaoke bar that the Dj guy (travis) was hanging out with, seemed like his friends. Embarrassing for Las Vegas.  HIGHLY UNPROFESSIONAL AND ILLEGAL.
5	Cheap eats in their cafe and cheap gaming options make this place worth a visit. Sign up and get free play = leaving full both in your wallet and gut!
5	Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer!This off strip casino is a hidden gem. They have the best karaoke bar in the city and absolutely the best rack of ribs around!Be prepared to wait to get seated as it is very small but it will be worth it. Trust me. The only items on the menu are chicken, ribs or ribs and chicken combo. That's it, folks. I usually just get the full rack but I have tried the chicken before and it is definitely damn good. The sides offered are a whole ear of corn, beans, slaw and toasty bread. I've recommended this place to out of towners and they always come back here when in town!P.S- they have a brewery in house and I recommend the Heffeweisen as a personal favorite!
5	It's the place like to drag a showgirl back to at 3am for a meal (but I honestly don't know if they're open at 3am)  I like it just at the beginning of an evening - dusk.  This place is kinda dark and creepy - this is the Las Vegas you've read about.  Order the Steak Dinner that's off the menu.  Mine was about 10 oz, two sides, a beer and pie for $7.99. And it all tastes great (as long as you remember this is Seedy Vegas)
4	Hmm... I have many a dilemma with Ellis Island. First off, the prime rib special there is excellent. The ribs and chicken combo at the brewery is one of the best deals out there. You receive free play instantly when you sign up. I lost a ton of money here. Okay let's not retread on the bad memories.The food is what you get when you come here. The games have pretty bad payouts, and I don't remember seeing many people win here. The whole atmosphere is kind of sad and there are much older people here than some of the other casinos. Parking is abundant though, and signing up for a free player's card is easy and quick. I would say not to get the 10oz steak here though. It was the only disappointing food that I tried it. I asked for medium and it was waaaaay too well done. Other than the disappointing steak and lose of money, Ellis Island and its prime rib is now a staple on my Vegas trips.
3	Ok I get that you want to keep this place OG and all BUT...this place is durrrty and freaken stinks....BUT 3 stars for the bomb.com steak and eggs and prime rib special :) Next time Ill try the BBQ.
3	I honestly was not impressed with this place at all. I knew the hype was all about the steak and eggs, so that's exactly what I ordered.I ordered my steak medium, and it as definitely overcooked. Everything else seemed fine though (eggs and hash browns.) I also ordered a large glass of orange juice-- which was a whopping $3? My friend ordered country fried steak and it was slobbered with gravy as it should be and but that seemed tastier than my overcooked steak.Service was terribly slow. I saw a lot of tables left dirty for a long duration before they were cleaned up. I'm sure as a hole-in-the-wall Vegas gem, the hype of this place won't ever go down though.
5	Love this place! Old school vegas, and the BEST beer deal in all of Las Vegas (that I know of!). Beerwise: quality, price (non-bud drinker here - beer snob if you will!). And the 2 for 1 pizza specials at the Metro pizza inside is fab. Oh, and nice lounge with killer Karaoke, free parking, motel next to it, close to strip, hardly any VIP booths, etc. :-)
4	I am quickly realizing that the best places in Las Vegas to visit are all off-strip (see: Pinball Hall of Fame)This place has some solid steak and eggs and for cheap (under $10 including tax). Our waitress was attentive and I WISH that it had been the afternoon when we went because I am impressed with the idea of a brewery in a casino and would have loved to try their beer. Sadly, it was 8 AM, far too early to be drinking beer :'( next timeEdit: I have been back here again and it is still well-priced and thus popular with the locals. If you go at a more popular time for breakfast such as 10AM, prepare for a longer wait (45 minutes)? But otherwise, food and service is still excellent.
3	We heard about the 5.99 steak & eggs special and couldn't resist coming here. The place is in the middle of the casino. It wasn't very busy when we went, and the food was pretty good. It wasn't the best I've had, but for 5.99, you can't complain.
4	This place is a total gem that I can't believe I never knew of before. It looks like a dinky little run down place but here are the two things I love here:1. Microbrews at less than $3 a pint (try their craft root beer, too!)2. Gigantic delicious rib dinners with all the sides/trimmings for less than $15 (join their free players' membership for discounted dinners).Rib dinner goers beware: they close at 10:00pm, meaning that THEY STOP SEATING AT 10:00pm EVEN IF YOU ARRIVE AND GET A NUMBER BEFOREHAND. Make sure to get there no later than 8:00pm if you want your number to get called. After that, the host will warn you that there is no guarantee of seating and you would have wasted 1.5-2 hours waiting. Their dining area is extremely small and our group barely slipped by before the cut-off. Whew! :)
4	I love this place!  It is much harder to get over here now that I have kids.  Some people look at this hidden gem nestled into the Super 8 motel as some dingy little casino.  I see it as one of the best deals close to the strip.  This is are "go to" place when we have guests in town.  I think it's funny when you are driving through the parking lot there is a sign that have the beer price and you can tell it's been changed many times.  I always joke with people that their beer prices are like the stock market.  First let me talk about the beer.  They are pretty standard, Amber, IPA, Stout.  and you also have a root beer.  The beer isn't special but its a craft like beer that is cheap.  When you spend $12 on the strip for a 12oz corona you learn to appreciate this place.  They have a little lounge in the corner that has karaoke.  Let me warn you though,  it does tend to get pretty smokey on the weekends.  Also, every time I have been in the lounge there has been a homeless guy sitting at the bar.  Or, he might have been a truck driver.  Either way Ellis Island is for everyone!  It's not some secret hipster bar that serves strange drinks.  I always heard about the food here.  We have only eaten here a couple times.  Is the food incredible?  Not really, but it's cheap and pretty good.  You can get a steak and beer at a really great price.  So, if you are in the area or neighborhood check this place out.  Cheers!
3	In a few words cheap, good, cheap, big portions, cheap, beerSo this review is a little late however still applicable since this place doesn't seem to change much. Vegas is a city of decadence and imagination. In such a place it is rare that one finds a location for cheap eats of huge portions that isn't McD's or ::insert chain::. In that respect this place was amazing. It was like stepping into stereotype land. I wouldn't have been surprised if fear and loathing had of be-bopped thru this place in a tweaking, Hawaiian shirt clad rumble. If they had it would have been remise to not stop and devour some cheap eats.It takes awhile to get a seat here, especially on Thur-Sun, but once your in its all gravy, or bread? Well that's what they start you with, tons of bread! They have several specials where you can get a main item and a beer or drink. This is a ridiculous deal. The beer is gigantic and so is the food. A side of beef with potatoes and veggies. Classic. Nothing fancy just food that you would expect to get in an old vegas casino.Definitely worth the time/money to be full before going out in Vegas. This is a new staple place for me in Vegas!
5	One of the best prime ribs I have ever had in my life! What a steal for that price. Love the vibe of this place and will be a must eat destination whenever Im in Vegas. Root beer prime rib dinner all the way! Oh and if you sign up for their players card you get free $10 slot play.  We ended up winning some money too so it ended up being almost a free dinner!
4	Okay.... don't judge a book by its cover.  This casino/brewery is kinda divey looking on the outside, and it is off-strip, so two strikes against it starting off, but it is totally worth the walk from the strip (behind Ballys).  Especially if you want great steak and egg or BBQ combos at a cheap price.  The cafe and bar both serve the Ellis Island Brewery beers even flights of all of their offerings and $2 craft beer pints.  The beers are pretty average, but I support the micro locals whenever I can.  I liked the Amber Ale the best follwed by the middle of the road IPA.They have Karaoke going on in the casino bar if you are into that (some good some bad).
5	Note: This place has a BBQ restaurant and steak restaurant. This review is for the steak restaurant.Wait: We arrived for dinner at around 7 PM on a Sunday. The wait was about a half hour for 2 people, but there are seats for you to sit while you wait.Food: The portions were hearty. I had the Chicken Fried Steak (delicious but heavy on the salt and pepper) with mashed potatoes, salad, and mixed vegetables for $8.99. The husband had a 10 oz steak with beer, salad, mashed potatoes, and green beans. He said the beer was good. (This place also is a microbrewery.) I also had a slice of apple pie (for $3.99). There was a slight fishy smell (as if it was placed next to a bowl of steamed shrimp) and portions of the slice were either really warm or really cold, but that didn't bother me because I really did enjoy my dinner overall. :)Atmosphere: The area around the establishment isn't as clean/safe as the Strip, so just be aware of your surroundings. It's not dangerous though. Service: Our server was Carol. She was quick, accommodating, friendly, and helpful.Bottom line: I'd give this place a 4.5 but I'm rounding up to 5. (The -0.5 was for the atmosphere and the multi-temperature and fishy smelling apple pie.) The best thing about this place are the prices and portions. (Great value for your money!) It is a nice relief from the overpriced fare on the Strip. This place definitely is a hidden gem, and there is a very high likelihood I shall be returning.
4	$7.99 Off-Menu Steak Special: It's been written many times, but I have to repeat it again - this is a fantastic deal, and a truly quality meal. One of the best developments in the past decade of Vegasdom has been the arrival of America's top chefs, but I love to balance my Vegas trips between the pricier offerings and dirt cheap, classic meals of yore. While pretty much unavailable at the large strip casinos, if you're willing to wade into local territory, you'll find that few deals are as good as the steak special at Ellis Island.  It's a nice (not Morton's nice, you greedy assholes, diner nice) slab of steak, a couple ounces more than what you'd see at Sizzler, along with crunchy, garlic green beans, steak cut fries (or baked or mashed potato), and a choice of beer or root beer. I tasted the root beer, which is far superior to the corn syrup version you might be used to, and I had the dark stout, which wasn't as dark as I like it, but fuck. Eight fucking dollars for the whole thing? I'll take it. ***We only waited ten minutes, getting there on the late side of dinner, mid-week. I don't know that I'd want to wait more than a half hour for this, or anything, really. Lastly, the waitress was covering way more tables than most would have to, but she was great, and I enjoyed veering into a conversation with her about the perils of the LA-to-Vegas weekend drive.
5	This place really rocks! Although they are really busy, they get to you fast. They told us an hour wait, and about 30 minutes later, we got in. They seem to tell people a long wait even when it may not be.The food is outstanding! Not much selection, but what you get is fresh, good quality, tasty stuff for a reasonable price. What more could you ask for?I really liked my ribs and my wife enjoyed her chicken. If you don't mind the off-strip location and the pain-in-the-A parking, you will be rewarded with a pretty good dinner, especially for the price!
5	Awesome food and people! New Vegas fav.  The locals asked how did we find this...like it was supposed to be theirs alone.  Thank you, Yelp!
4	Cheap eats right off the strip.  I had the New York Strip with eggs for only $5.99.  Can't beat the price and the food was good.  This is more of a local hangout  but worth checking out.
5	Great place for locals & the best kareoke in town!! And the steak specials can't be beat!!
5	Everyone else has already said it -- they have an off the menu $8 steak special, which gets you a decent sized salad, a big slab of steak with potato and vegetable, and a tall cold pint of decent locally micro-brewed beer.  The best deal in Vegas? I should say so!!!This place is walking distance from the Strip, and a much better value than what you've find a few blocks away.  I was confused when I first walked in, and didn't know where the restaurant was. It's NOT the barbeque area, where the big vats of beer are, with only a few tables.  It's a more conventional restaurant set-up, on the other side.  They don't take reservations and there is usually a wait, but there's a casino to spend your time in.TIP: Sign up for a player's card. You get $10 in free play that you can use instantly. My suggestion? Play something with a relatively high payout like video poker; as soon as you use up the promotional value, you can begin cashing out anything that you earn on top of it. You can easily earn about 75 - 80% of the comp play back at every Vegas casino that gives you comps for signing up for their player's card.I didn't see any cocktail waitresses while I was there -- but with $2 (actually good) beers and special $2 cocktails, do you really need them?
4	One of the best spots to grab a meal after a long night of partying in Vegas.I usually all over the prime rib here. The prime rib here is delicious. Comes with a side and even a beer. I always wanted to try the beer but I'm usually done drinking for the night when I get here. Their root beer makes a good substitute and allows me to recover some life back in my night.From one experience they didn't have prime rib for two straight nights. I learned my lesson and saved their number so I can always check if they're serving at some odd hour of the night. I started ordering the chicken fried chicken here. It is fried for a nice golden brown crisp and is really moist. I never had a bad experience here.For those that want to go cheap, they always have the $4.99 steak and eggs. It really hits the spot on the cheap.Service here can be slow even though it may not be that crowded. I usually come here pretty late in the night so I don't really expect speedy service. They just serve you your food and pretty much leave you alone.
4	For years everytime I have come to Vegas. I ask the cab drivers where they like to eat for cheap and good food. 1 of 3 always say Ellis Island. So I finally came here to try it out for lunch. I loved my food and service I received. They have a lot of options and like most places breakfast all day. And the one thing that will keep bringing me back. The micro brews they have here are some of the best. And for 2.50 a pint you can't go wrong. I will go out of my way to come here again the next stop on Vegas.
5	Good that I discovered this spot. Great $5.99 steak special. Everything is priced right, good portions. Open 24 hours. Fast and friendly service. What more can you ask for? Will be coming back all the time!!
2	What the hell, yelpers! I thought maybe the power of 4 stars and over 700 reviews could compel me to love this place. But I couldn't get past how amazingly terrible this place was! No matter how heavily intoxicated or hungover you are, eating here will still be a mistake.Now don't get me wrong, I came in here with a positive attitude. Who wouldn't be excited for a legit meal that would cost me less than $10 especially in Vegas! So we wait about 45 minutes before we're finally seated. While walking through the restaurant to the back portion (to fit all 12 of us), I noticed half of the place was empty. So I was unsure as to why we waited 45 minutes for a table. Nevertheless, I brushed that aside, retaining my hope and ready for my 4 star meal. We all ordered the steak special. Simple right? Well no, because we waited an hour and a half for all our food. We were starving at this point. And when the food finally came, I just wanted to eat. Except, my knife could barely cut through my steak. It was so well done that the slab of meat on my plate was just hot rubber. I managed to eat half of my meal because I needed something to just keep my stomach as ease. But I was definitely not satisfied. Come to think of it, I don't think anyone at our table was happy with their meal. Some of my friends even went over the gas station next door to buy a bag of chips because of the emptiness Ellis Island left us with.What's terrible here? The service, the food, the wait, the food. Just disappointed all around. But hey, have another star Ellis Island for being such an affordable place for people to come eat and gamble. Just don't expect me to come around again.
4	Great place for good inexpesnive food, not too far off the strip. Steak specials are great comes with micro-brewed beer. A must return visit is in store.
5	Ellis Island is the Vegas dream!  Everyone hears stories of cheap steak and eggs or prime rib, but Ellis Island is the definitive Vegas Value!Not only is the food damn good, but it's a bargain!Examples:Prime Rib Dinner w/ baked potato and a beer under $14.Steak Dinner w/ Sides and a beer under $9.Whole Rack of Ribs w/ 3 sides under $14.Chicken and 1/2 Rack of Rib Combo w/ 3 sides under $14.These meals can definitely feed you for lunch or dinner with leftovers for drunk munchies late at night.For a complete Vegas experience, check this place out!
5	Love this place! You can't beat the $7.99 steak and beer deal!You have to ask for it though since it is not on the menu!  It comes with a pretty decent filet, a choice of either soup or salad (broccoli cheese is my fav!) a side of green beans and your choice of potato side and also your choice of a tall house brewed beer or their own made root beer!!!  It gets very busy around dinner, so if you do not want to wait to be seated in the main dining room, you can ask to be seated at one of the tables in the bar area, a lot more room and much faster service! Everything I have tried has been great. Every time family or friends come out to Vegas for a visit, we always go!
5	First visit to Ellis Island, went for breakfast.  Great food and great prices!  I had the ham steak and eggs, my husband had the steak and eggs. Both were very good. Will be back.
4	You will probably die getting there, probably of stabbing or dehydration, but the steak special is worth it. Get off the strip and go! Just don't use the restroom, because you'll probably catch hepatitis.
2	People that rate this place high are cheap! It's a $8 steak with slow service to say the least! I only went off a friends recommendation! Bottom line you get what you pay for!!
1	Yelp, how could you have led me so horribly astray?!?My husband and I decided to visit Ellis Island, based on Yelp reviews and our love of cheap food and beer. I even appreciate a good dive bar or a good hole-in-the-wall restaurant. But Yelp, you are wrong. So very wrong.Other Yelpers have failed to mention that this place is in a terrifying location. It may only be 2 blocks off the strip (2 VERY long blocks, don't try to walk it), but the location is just awful. There's the vacant lot across the street, the cheap motel, and the dingy 7-11 next door. The amount of homeless people laying around outside was appalling. The whole experience was depressing. We didn't even stay to eat, because the whole place was just miserable. I'd rather pay a few more bucks for a beer on the Strip than subject myself to Ellis Island ever again.
4	Tasty ribs and cheap microbrews ... what more could a guy ask for? Perhaps a shorter wait. Not exactly a great date place, but hits the spot for a casual meal out with friends or loved ones.
5	This is the best value and the best kept secret in Las Vegas.  I hate to review it for fear I won't be able to get a table next time I am here!  The prices are going to throw you because of how low they are, but don't let that stop you!  You will be shocked by the amount of and quality of the food.
5	Wow! This place makes any loss in Loss Vegas just a little easier to deal with. The prices and food are outstanding. The staff is very fast and courteous. The food comes out fresh and hot, and the beers on tap are only two bux!! Great eats in Vegas baby!!
4	LOVE THIS PLACE !  I have been comming here for 10 years if you are on a budget , eat here ! eat here everyday . lolThe steak special is great , ( its not on the menu)   the sour dough rolls are great , green beans are awesome I have had other things here and they are just as good . Everytime i go to vegas i must go to ellis island atleast once for a meal , even if its at 3 am :)
3	Very much a dive, but it's got character! Cheap beer and cheap food, helluva way to cure a hangover. These guys make okay beers and the staff is very friendly
5	It ain't the overpriced, over hyped LV Strip casino but one block off of the strip ya can't  beat it. Local prices for local people and its just behind Bally's parking lot. Highly recommend it.
5	$12.99 for a full rack of baby back ribs!Make sure you get the players card and print out a discount coupon firstPaired with the $2 hefeweizen. Delicious!!!
5	This little casino is like the greatest place to go for Ribs!!!!  I never would have thought to go to this casino if it weren't for a friend that told me about this place.  If you do decide to go, be prepared to wait because its so popular especially with the locals that there is always a line and you have to get a number.
3	Yet another place I decided to go to off reviews on Yelp. I was accompanied by 3 other people in my party.From reading the reviews, I was expecting an older hotel. Once we arrived, sure thing the place smelled of old cigarettes and mold. After we got used to the smell, we ventured in looking for this "steak house". When I found it, I noticed it was a cafe and not a steak house at all. We got a number and waited about 5 minutes before we were seated. What's funny is that while we were waiting we noticed some other younger gentleman using their phones (noticed Yelp app) and I over heard them saying "This is the place?" I found it amusing.My party was already laughing at me for finding this place, and even funnier is that an a hour earlier we were seated in a 5 star steak house having appetizers.We got seated and I told my party "please order the prime rib or BBQ ribs, that is all that is popular on yelp." Against my advice 1 ordered a steak special and 1 ordered a chicken wrap. Two of use ordered the Prime rib (so glad I did). We also ordered some an appetizer entree that consisted of 3 Wings, 3 Onion Rings, 2 Potato Skins, 2 Chicken Strips, and 3 Cheese sticks. When they came, they were pretty greasy, and expected as much.I want to note that the few waiters we had were awesome, and made the trip even better. Once the entrees came, the Prime Ribs were awesome for the price. They were juicy, had flavor and big portions. The other 2 entree's weren't that great. The chicken wrap was average and the top sirloin was over cooked in certain places and under cooked in certain places and had no flavor. The mashed potatoes tasted like dirt, so glad I wasn't the one that ordered it. As expected the Prime Rib was awesome. If you do come please stick with that and from what I read but never tasted the BBQ ribs. It appears that's the only thing the restaurant is good for.
4	We came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning. The restaurant is nicer inside than how it may appear from the outside. We had the steak and egg special for $5.99. The meal came with 2 eggs, a nice cut of NY strip, tater tot like potatoes and your choice of toast. The NY strip was a very generous portion and good quality steak. One of the best values for breakfast that I have ever had.
4	Great value for a no-frills prime rib dinner. For $12 we got a generous cut of prime rib, a salad, a side, green beans and a beer. Exactly what you expect when looking for cheap eats in vegas.
4	Awesome food. Super great price!!  Had dinner & a couple of breakfasts there during our stay. Fast friendly service and fresh food. We had the steak & beer $7.99 special. Super yum. Also had chicken fried steak & eggs/eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast & French toast loved all of it.
5	Service- A++ I was starving and told the waiter that. He literally ran my soup to me :)Homemade caesar dressing.  Prime-rib was an excellent deal but the spaghetti is just okay.
4	When I first saw the outside of this place I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. People who know me know I love pretty decor and a clean, scrubbed look. Well, you won't get the aesthetics, but you will get fabulous food!The wait can be long sometimes, but trust me, it's well worth it. I'd say that the service is okay. It's nothing that I'd write home about, but it's average and you won't have any complaints. Again, the inside is NOT pretty, but the food is so yummy good. I used to always order the salmon salad and, oh my gosh, it is so delicious that I went back three days in a row for it when I first ate it. That's how spectacular it was. I then branched out to the salmon dinner (I know, I really put myself out there, don't I?) and, of course, cooked perfectly. I really do love this place.Seriously, when you walk in you will wonder what you are doing there, but you eventually find out that this place is not only great, but affordable! Don't let the outside keep you from going inside for a whole lot of goodness. Yum!I wish I could write about all the food, but I've pretty much had salmon every time, but truthfully, if they can cook that fish perfectly, think about what they can do with steak/chicken, etc! Go do it!
2	I can't begin to understand how the ratings for this place are so high. The food doesn't even live up to mediocre and the surroundings; just gross. This is where Vegas visitors go to cry in their drinks. The only reason I give as high as two stars is because the servers were so nice and very quick.
4	Hey if you love prime rib, this is the place for you. Comparing to other places in Las Vegas, the prime rib only cost 12.99 (it also comes with root beer). The quality of the food is top notch!!! However, if you are planning on eating here, please be advised that the food take a long time to be served. Otherwise i would be giving this place a 5 stars.
2	No idea how this place gets such high ratings. Service is terrible, slow, uninformative, no follow up, not good.  Food was average.
5	This review is only for their bar and karaoke.  I went there for some cheap fun off strip. I heard their homemade brews were $1 but it was really 2.50 when we got there.  Still cheap.  Still happy.  Talk about people watching.  There were people who sang like angels, people who sang like rock gods, people who I'm pretty sure were transvestites, and people who were no good at all.  All in all it was a great experience to what Vegas is to locals.  Thanks Ellis!
4	Our large group walked from Planet Hollywood to here. Damn that was a long walk!!!I had their side salad and split pea soup which was so delicious. I also had an order of their chicken fried chicken. It was good, but their gravy was a tad bit on the salty side. Their rootbeer was so refreshing too. My meal was only $7 plus some odd change.My Hubby had their prime rib w/ beer. He said it was good. Can't beat $12.99. Overall, it was pretty good. Next time we are catching the cab!
4	After seeing Ellis Island featured on numerous Las Vegas deals and shows since I was a kid, I knew I had to finally check it out. Located right behind Bally's on the strip, they offer an amazing steak dinner for $7.99! It comes with soup/salad, steak, green beans, baked/mashed potatoes AND  a beer. Honestly, I was skeptical of the food once I walked in, but I'm not going to lie, it was great. I was stuffed by the end and I couldn't believe our dinner for 2 was less than $20! I wouldn't be eating this every night, but it's definitely a hidden gem in Vegas!--Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
3	Everything here is cheap. Cheap food, cheap drinks and cheap tables. If you happen to stumble into this place, try their steaks.
1	Can't eat here as a family since the moved  the BBQ next to the sports book.  It's sad that we can no longer eat at this famed establishment when our children are with us!
4	My husband and I tried this place after looking for ideas on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  Most all of the previous reviewers were spot on. Ellis Island casino and Brewery is small and dive-y in appearance and the location is not enticing. As you enter, you will notice the strong cigarette presence.  The restaurant is actually the 24/7 Cafe in the back corner.  The seating is done by a number system. My husband ordered the prime rib dinner which comes with soup or salad, choice of potato, green beans and a micro beer or root beer.  I ordered the grilled salmon.  Both meals were nicely done.   Our waitress seemed disinterested but efficient.  Another waiter brought out our meal, however, it was 2 meals of prime rib, which I suspect belonged to another table.  I explained to the waiter that one of the plates he brought out was what my husband ordered, so he left it on our table and returned the other to the kitchen. I had to wait an extra 5 minutes until my salmon entree came out.  But 4 minutes prior, the waiter brought another 2 plates of prime rib to the table behind us. Bottom line, if looking for a restaurant with a large selection, decent taste and inexpensive, come to this place, but come early to avoid waiting too long.
5	Super chill. Cheap food and beer. Feels more of a local spot.
4	Great Barbacue And Top Sirloin With A Micro Brew Beer.A Las Vegas Local Restaurant For Many Years.
4	Imagine this you are in vegas and you are trying to ball on a budgetYES kind of hard on a budget, but juct incase you spent a little too much heres a place that will fill you up and your wallet won't take too much of a hitI came here one morning with a few friends and we had wanted something filling but not heavy as in grease, knowing that we checked yelp and this popped upso i said lets give it a trylocated behind the strip on koval we walked in and it just seemed like a retro casino that hadn't changed a bit since idk 20 years agowe head straight to their cafe lo and behold they had a 5.99 NY steak and eggs special so what do we do, we of course order it DUH!it came with 2 eggs any style you want , potatoes, toast, and the steaksteak was kind of small but not bad, everything else just came to fit with the order really.I would say nothing too special other than its the cheapest decent food i've had in vegasP.S. don'tget the orange juice I got a Tall and it was ridiculously tiny
4	Great steak and eggs are $7.99. Just remember that this is not the menu just tell your waiter'/ waitress. Steak and eggs dinner comes with: steak, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and home fries. The steak isn't the best quality but it was cooked pretty well. I really enjoyed their sourdough toast. Be aware that they smother lots of butter on it so if you are watching your saturated fat intake make sure to ask them for no butter on your toast. Home fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I love their home made root beer. It was around $2.25 for a giant glass (probably 20 ounces). Service: Come around 11:00pm on a Saturday night and got seated right away. Waitress was very attentive as wellCome back again? For sure! My mouth is watering thinking about the rootbeer
4	Craft brewed beers, super old school. Can't wait to try the restaurant
4	We went to Ellis Island Casino and Brewery based on a friend's suggestion.  On a previous trip to Vegas, he had asked a local "Hey, can you tell me a good place that the locals around here go for some good food that isn't very touristy?"   I'm glad he asked that question because the place was awesome!  There are two restaurants inside:  One sells beef-related entrees and the other restaurant sells BBQ-related entrees.  We went to the BBQ side.  The entrees are huge, the food excellent, and the prices cheap!   The waiter even gave us all "member's discounts" when none of us were members.   They brew their own beer on the premises and that was good too (except for the IPA.  I swear they must've had the hoses connected wrong or something.  It tasted like a light beer).  But that didn't take anything away from the whole dining experience.  I definitely recommend this place!
4	Hands down, the best steak and eggs place in Vegas!My gf who lives in Vegas recommended that we try this place for our steak and eggs cravings and we werent disappointed.- Be ready for the smell of old people and stale smoke- Be ready for the old decor- Be ready for the slow service- Be ready to die and go to steak and egg heaven!
3	Took a friend here on the buy-one get one free deal from the LVA.  We were going to split a rack of ribs; however, it was less expensive w/the coupon for us each to get 1/2 a rack.Service was SUPER quick - seriously no waiting but this is the slow Vegas season, so maybe that's why.Ribs were meaty, perfectly cooked, and fit well with the BBQ sauce.  Sides of beans (boring) coleslaw (sub-par at best) and corn on the cob (decent, but probably frozen first) left LOTS to be desired.Total with the coupon and a few beers was about $20.00.  Good value
5	WOWThis hidden diamond on Koval is a Winners dream.  The $7.99 Steak special is amazing, and delicious. I went 3 times on my vacation, and it was super service , and great Steak each time. Yummy
5	Just awesome!!  Just as good as Lawyer's but 1/4 of the price. My favorite prime rib joint in Vegas!!
4	Coupon is now REQUIRED for $7.99 Steak and beverage including beer deal. You must be a member of their free Passport Players Club. Print the coupon at a player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. Coupon valid only on day of printing.
2	Went back for the first time in awhile to join a person I'd never met (trust me, relevant). The food was delicious, but when it came time to get the check the waitress said that a new policy had been implemented where they don't split checks.I had come here to meet a complete stranger and when I was told I'd have to split the check (not pay for mine and he his) I was really uncomfortable. We both only had credit cards and my meal was more expensive so I was totally against this person paying for any of my meal (for other reasons).The waitress went and got the manager while the person I was dining with had gone to the bathroom. She immediately asked in broken English 'Where he go?' I was like, why do you need to know that? She kept pressing until finally I said, it's not really any of your business, but he went to the restroom. The next question in the interrogation was 'who paying for this? You must pay.' I thought I misheard her just accuse me of trying to steal, but she repeated it and I was sure then that she thought we were going to walk out on the check. I have never been accused of trying to walk on a check before (especially when I'm sitting there with a credit card in my hand), and I never will again because I will never go back here. Terrible service. UGH.
1	Ellis Island.....very aptly named. Be prepared to be treated like some homeless third-world vagabond that just crawled out of the steerage compartment of a ship straight from the war-torn country of Whogivesacrapistan.Okay, I've got family in town this week. Their favorite past time while visiting Vegas is to go casino hopping. The first one on the agenda today is Ellis. We get there, first I have to avoid the broken glass scattered around the parking lot so I won't get a flat. We go to the players club to sign up for the cards ($5 in free slot play is a free $5).  There's no one behind the counter, but there's an employee shouting out bingo numbers into a telephone going out over the intercom. We're waiting there for at least 10 minutes. In between bingo numbers the guy on the phone says (and I quote) "I can't help you, I'm really busy right now. I might be able to do something in about a half hour or so. If a floor person happens to wonder by and see you, she'll probably help you out".Seriously?Well, then I see a table games pit boss about 30 feet away from us.  I go to him and explain we've been waiting for quite a while, and could he please call someone from players club to come help us. He says okay and makes a call. About another 10 minutes pass with still no one coming to the players desk!  That's the last straw....we leave.Good job, ellis island. You've lost several hundred dollars today. We went to Terrible's Casino and spent our money there. We put a stack of 20s in THEIR slot machines, played blackjack at THEIR tables, tipped THEIR dealers, ate at THEIR cafe, and drank at THEIR bar. Screw you ellis island, you useless incompetent jerks!!!
3	One of the better values in LV.  $2 20 Ounce taps 24/7.   They brew great beer and you can't beat the price.  I wish they would make a hoppy IPA someday.  Food is good and a great value.  Casino is a smoky and it's a "locals" bar.   Worth checking out.  Players club has gone downhill recently and it's become much more stingy when it comes to handing out comps and givebacks.
5	It's 4am.....walking out of XS, and you realize after your last meal which was 12 hours ago, you're due for some feasting.  Enter the brilliant idea of going to Ellis Island Casino for some late night/early Breakfast specials.  Considering I didn't know what they offered at time, but had a reference to the all day steak special I normally attend to, I was more than pleasantly surprised by the options available.  At this point of drunkeness and hunger, anything with eggs and meat seemed most appropriate.  Even the Bills $4.99 Eggs special was appealing, but no no no, enter the last item on the breakfast plate specials at Ellis Island:A Country Fried Chicken smothered in gravy with house potatoes, two eggs, and toast for $7.99!!!Let's just say it didn't take long to browse through the menu before that decision was made.  The fried chicken was nicely battered and tasted amazing with that gravy.  The eggs were just making it double the better and the house potatoes hidden underneath the toast offered a pleasant surprise and reason to dip food into ketchup.  Ellis Island....you're the best.
4	Excellent food - I had a wonderful grilled salmon dish.  The steaks and beef are very good too.  Service was a bit tardy to get started, but the price is right.  Definite return.
4	So bad and so good!This is the off the strip, gritty Vegas I love! Fortunately, this fabulous place is right down the street from the hotel my company lays over at. Cheap good dinner, cheap beer and a lot of great people watching. There is nothing like enjoying your meal and watching some really awkward and inappropriate flirting between the servers and lonely drunk men at the tables. There is karaoke that is dominated by some of the worst singers and you have a first class show from the dining room. And of course the icing on the cake is the Elvis impersonator. A tiny man in an oversize Elvis jumpsuit. Heaven! Ellis Island is great because it's 1960s classic Vegas however it's sad because it's still 1960s classic Vegas. Viva Las Vegas!
4	Good food at a great price. The food is really filling and the home fries are amazing. The place is filled with smoke so if you have trouble breathing or asthma you probably shouldn't go. The portions are really big. I come here every time i go to Vegas.
5	Cool place for drinks food and fun! Low prices. Won a lil cash. Got a lil tipsy. This is what I call Vegas Fun!
5	Best deal on a Prime Rib Dinner I've had in a long time.  Soup or salad, King size cut of Prime and a pint of the house microbrew all for $12.99.  One block off the Strip!  This is where the locals go to eat, drink, watch sports and gamble!  Not a fancy high tech place by any means, just good food and fun!
5	Great food, service and atmosphere.
2	This review is only in regards to Metro Pizza delivery service.  Read my previous review if you are interested in the Cafe/Steak special.I work down the street in one of the large hotels on Harmon.  This is a 5min drive...10min if you catch every light on a Sunday night.I placed the order, and was told 45min-1hr ETA,  After an hour and fifteen, I call back and get the same hostess/order taker.  I ask if she has any idea if my food was on the way.  She tells me there was a mix up with the order, that they were busy, and that my food was being cooked as we spoke.Really??  So it isn't even on it's way yet??  So I get told that it will be another 30min for my order.  So obviously I am mad, and she says she will take off some of the food  (about $6 worth) and add some extra rootbeers.  Still was thinking about cancelling the order, but I was starving and decided to go forward.Food finally gets here, almost 2hrs after I initially phoned in.  Was the food worth it?I ordered the San Gennaro (meatball) pizza, and it was not very awesome.  It probably tastes a lot better fresh and in restaurant, but by the time I got it at work, it was soggy in the middle and the sauce is lacking taste.  Meatballs weren't bad, but nobody wants soggy pizza.The wings and fries were mildly warm, the fries a bit undercooked and had that slightly starchy taste.  I was not a fan.The rootbeer is awesome as always though.  They send it to you w/o ice, and a cup of ice on the side, so it doesn't get watered down.  Thoughtful!  Probably shouldn't add a star for this, but I did.Too bad the rest of the experience was bad.  I have guests ask me where to order pizza all the time, and I am sorry to say, I won't be sending them back here again.
5	Hole in the wall that's right near the corner that Tupac got shot (so you know it's good).GET THE BBQ RIBS HERE!!! They are some of the best I've ever had.Also get the Hefeweizen here. Not a beer drinker? Grab their root beer. I'm not a fan of root beer but it's supposed to be the best here. They brew all of their beers here on site.The ribs are made right there and fall right off.My girlfriend will eat like a bird but she cleared a whole rack no problem.On my birthday I could have chosen any restaurant in this city of amazing food but I wanted one thing. Ellis Island BBQ ribs. Now that has to saysomething.Sorry about the sporadic review but you get the point...GO HERE(Don't do the restaurant in the casino, go to the BBQ spot on the side and don't get it twisted haha)
5	This place is a Winner!!! King cut prime rib w/ free rootbeer (refill included) w/ salad or soup for only $12.99! How can you go wrong???
4	Okay had the BBQ at Ellis Island.. The BBQ place has its own space and is not part of the cafe. It's located right next to the sports book. I feel like it should have its own space here on Yelp since it would be like reviewing Wicked Spoon under the Cosmopolitan business listing. It's located at Ellis Island but its a separate restaurant.  Anyways.. The BBQ meats are ribs and chicken only, no choice of sides tho you do get beans, cole slaw, corn on the cob and garlic French bread with every entree. Ellis Island does have a brewery which means 20oz beers for cheap. Entrees are super reasonable and don't worry a combo rib and chicken platter will fill the heartiest of eaters and at these prices go ahead order an extra one entree to go. I was pretty blown away.. The meats were incredibly juicy, tender and tasted like the most awesome back yard BBQ. The chicken was like eating meat silk, you hardly even needed to chew since it was that soft. Ribs were meaty and just barely clung to the bone (thats a good sign for BBQ). I'd have a hard time only choosing one meat as they both were pretty dang tasty! I love the sauce too, smokey and not overly sweet! Whoa! I still have BBQ sauce in my beard, nom!
5	The place everyone goes to and know one knows about. The hidden gem of Las Vegas. Highly recommended! All the locals rave about it. The deals are great for steaks at the cafe wand very yummy, but the service is slow. The brewery was just remodeled and it's the best deal for BBQ ribs and chicken. Yummmmy!  My husband loves the pizza joint there. The place had everything. They also have great tacky karaoke!
2	My friend and I were headed to an event at the T&M center Monday, and I requested a stop before we got there for a couple of quick craft brews. He suggested Ellis Island Casino, which brews its own beer onsite. It sounded like a good idea. I remembered the name of the casino from my last trips to Vegas 4-5 years ago, but couldn't place it. And then he pulled into the lot and I said to myself  "Oh, it's THIS place"Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a small, divey casino off the strip with a Super 8 attached to it. Classy. My friend digs dive spots, and I don't have a problem with them ... but I was skeptical about the quality of their beer and tempered my expectations. Which was a good idea, because the beer was a disappointment.They offer five house-made brews of standard varieties - Light, Amber Ale, Weiss, Stout, and IPA. I started with the IPA and noticed that it had absolutely NO flavor. How can an IPA have NO flavor? I thought maybe he poured the wrong beer, but I saw him pour from the IPA tap. Maybe the lines were mixed up with the light? This would have been acceptable for a light beer - it was crisp and not unpleasant tasting. Rather, it was just flavorless.   After chugging it down, I went for the stout. This was a better choice, but still just an average stout at best. It reminded me more of a porter than a stout, and similar to Yeungling's porter. Acceptable, but nothing to write home about. My friend, like many Vegas locals, love this place. And I kinda dig the seedy, divey vibe as well. And he says their house-made root beer is outstanding (I have never tried it). But the beer was disappointing. If that was really their IPA, then they need a reality check on what a true IPA is supposed to be. If you're looking for a microbrewery in a casino, Triple 7 downtown is the way to go, not Ellis Island.
4	Little hole in the wall in a tiny casino. The food is awesome and cheap. My meal came with a beer. Would be a 5 star if the place was a little cleaner.
5	First let me start by saying I haven't exactly been completely sober each time I've been here.  First time I ate at the restaurant and had steak, potatoes, and veggies. I was so excited for real food in Vegas you could've almost charged me anything for it, but it was inexpensive...almost a steal since its Vegas.  They have their own micro-brews and my favorite is their Amber. Its SO good when it hits your lips! The most recent time I just played slots, drank, and won more money than I did anywhere else! Always makes for a good time!
3	We have been to Ellis Island many times over the years.  This is about our trip in February 2013.  I will touch on the Cafe, the BBQ and the Casino.  We have been coming to Vegas for over 20 years and spend plenty of time at the black jack tables.Restaurant's get four stars but casino only one star on this trip.The cafe was great (as always) we both had the steak special. The salad was good and the steak was cooked properly.  The in-house root beer was delicious and dad enjoyed the micro-brew.BBQ was equally delicious.  We both got a full rack of ribs, our hotel room had a fridge for left overs.  They could do without the corn on the cob.  Why serve corn on the cob when you let it sit in a pan of water and it turns out soggy rather than crunchy?  They could roast the corn on the grill and have it turn out awesome.We have played black jack in the casino many times.  They have good rules. decent limits and friendly dealers.  They have older pit boss who has been there forever, an older gentleman.  He always seemed less than pleasant and a bit offish.  We had an incident where the dealer misdealt and had to call the boss over.  He told her to burn the Ace.  the Ace would have helped my dad's hand and he would have taken the card whether he knew it was an Ace or not.  The boss said to burn it.  Now, whenever we have encountered something similar to this at other casinos (mistakes do happen) the boss would give the player the choice of taking or burning the card.  After all, it was the dealer's mistake, not ours.  When I spoke up (cause dad is 87) the boss rudely and gruffly said it's his casino and his rules.  End of discussion.At that point we took our money off the table and left.  We will probably go back another day but we only play where we enjoy and have fun.  I had a rude pit boss at Foxwood's twenty years ago and have never been back.  Ellis Island is worth the trip but I won't play there if Mr. Happy is working.
5	My review is strictly for the karaoke only.  I had more fun here than I have ever had karaoking anywhere.  There are some really amazing singers.  We went on a Tuesday night so it started off pretty dead so the rotation went quickly and we got to sing about 3 times each.  As the night wore on, it got more packed and by midnight we were sure we weren't going to get to sing again.  The ambiance and the crowd just makes singing so much fun!  They cheer you on and dance and sing along.  The sound system is great too.  They have TVs all over the bar with the lyrics displayed.  They also seem to have a good selection of music.We went back on a Friday night and that place was PACKED to the hilt.  We put our names in and ended up having to wait about 1 1/2 hours to sing.  It was still a TON of fun. They brew their own beers and we got the Heffe's, which were delicious.  I hear they have really good food so I'd like to try that sometime.This is my new favorite karaoke spot!
4	Recently went to Vegas and planned to visit 3 breweries in 3 days. Eliis was our first stop. Its off the strip so don't expect all the lights and glam. The beer was good, i tried the IPA, not as bitter as a sierra so it was smooth and refreshing. The steak and eggs breakfast was great for $5.99! Did some gambling and won a little bit.  Will visit again next time in vegas and try some of other beers.
3	It's our girls dinner night out for our birthday.... After dinner, the other birthday girl wants to do some karaoke at Ellis Island! I'm also still hungry so decide on some MOZZARELLA STICKS! Oooh yeah friiiied cheeese!! And you know, I rarely EVER order mozzarella sticks... These were SO good though! Cheesey and gooey and served with marinara sauce. NOM. Watching everyone karaoke was really fun too and the drinks were CHEAP-CHEAP!
5	One of the Best Deals in Vegas! Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings for$7.99 and 20 Oz Micro Brew Included!
4	Steak dinner was excellent! Gr8 brew, too.
4	Came here with my girls after a nice dinner at Bagatelle and we had a blast!!! It was my first time singing karaoke "American style" where it's on stage in front of strangers rather than in a private room in front of your friends.. It was so much fun!!! The crowd was very diverse. Although located close to the strip, this place is more divey than anything so don't expect anything fancy coming here LOL You pick a song from the book, tell the person at the podium and then get drunk while waiting for your song to come up.. The drinks and food are cheap.. I bought 6 drinks & we got drunk using just about $50... When you sing on stage you get an awesome adrenaline rush and the crowd cheers you on. No booing or any negativity here which takes some of the pressure off.. Great sound system and lots of screens with the lyrics... Although when you're drunk all the words just jumble into one HAHA Definitely want to come back with more friends and also to try the steak and eggs!!!
2	I sit here in the Cafe at Ellis Island Brewery listening to Ricky Martin on the stereo wondering how some 700 of my fellow yelpers have deemed this establishment to be of 4 star quality. Coming in the late morning - it is Vegas after all and the only people awake in time for breakfast have not yet slept from the day before - I was hoping to have some eggs and potatoes. The normal breakfast menu was no longer being served and the only option was the Bacon and eggs. Being a Vegetarian I was offended by this and asked for a substitution, which was not allowed. I ordered it anyway with instruction that bacon not be brought out. The potatoes were terrible but the eggs were fine and the toast was over buttered. I had two beers while I was here. The first was the Amber Ale which was a true to style amber. The second beer I ordered was the IPA. Now the IPA, let me put it this way; I had to ask the waiter after a couple sips that he hadn't accidentally brought me the Light beer.  I then later also had the stout - while I played a hand of black jack - which was again a below average stout, no creativity: no wood aging or bourbon or dry hops nothing to make it stand out.  But to get back to my wonderment of the 4 stars by my fellow yelpers; I fully understand the appreciation of this restaurant. The service was great, Alex was my server and he was extremely polite and attentive. The hostess was at the least bilingual and seemed to know some of the guests by name. Every guest that I could see in the restaurant was enjoying their meal and their company. When I started this review I had given this restaurant 1 stars but I bumped it up to 2 while I wrote this review.   I would tell all vegetarians or health conscious people to avoid this place, but if you want a good price on a steak and want to be welcomed with open arms than please come here. True beer lovers should also avoid this place given that there is good beer to be had in this town.  I am judging their beer by only three of the five brewed in house.
2	I have come here many times in the past but am now starting to notice a trend. They are slowly starting to go downhill.Today's meal consisted of a chewy prime rib, undercooked green beans and a rock hard baked potato. I sure they start to turn around again.
4	After days of Kathleen W. mentioning how she really wanted Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs, we finally made it over after clubbing in Vegas at around 5:30am - yay for 24 hours! Though a bit off the strip, it was not too bad of a walk going through Bally's from Las Vegas Blvd side. We were promptly seated and ordered our steak and eggs for $5.99 - awesome.This must be a different one than the Steak special from friends Dmitiy S. & Nina Y.'s reviews because it did not come with beer, salad, or mashed potatoes, but rather eggs, potatoes, and toast. Also, the steak was cooked more on the well side when ordered. Typically I get medium rare, but this time I ordered medium and it was more medium-well. Just a tad crispy for my liking, I still really enjoyed the steak for the value - a good 8 oz. The plate definitely filled me up, and I was actually glad we stayed out rather than heading back to the hotel to sleep.Tip: juice not included, so when we got the bill, we were just a bit surprised that our small juices cost about half what the breakfast plate did...haha
5	amazing karaoke every night!the coolest bouncers/security!great drinks/cheap & so so so much fun! if you are looking for karaoke it is worth coming off the strip to ellis island!
1	Yet another Vegas treasure that has given into the pressures of "The Vegas Scene"...This lounge used to be divey, smokey, crowded, AWESOME! Karaoke 7 nights a week!Now they have remodeled, taken out all the killer booths and you're now forced to co-mingle and sit on picnic tables and shared booth seating, like it's Taco Bell. Gross. The waitresses are so bitchy, the "craft beer" that they brew in house is AWFUL, even at $2.50, and the karaoke DJ was super douchey and fishing for tips. I guess I will try again in 5 years when you're ready to change again?? They still have the diner, which is OK and the gaming is still really good! The gaming bumped them up a whole star! Cheap table games and machines galore...
3	I'm doing this... And I will revel in its failure.. lol.. I am referring to the late night Karaoke situation at Ellis Island Brewery. There are few things that are as much fun when you are having a drink with friends.. as karaoke both good and bad!Every so often I get a hankering' to head on down and have a go at the mic. As an added b onus.. Ellis Island has root beer that they brew themselves..and why am I so excited about that you wonder? ...1 (hyphenated) word.. "JAGER-Roo" It's (2) shot(s) Jagermeister in a tall glass of fresh brewed root beer. It will make you a believer. I love Italian, German and many other herbal liquors .. but Jagermeister was my first. Therefore, it will always be my baby ;')if you are even remotely interested in how delicious this could be dancing around your palate with hints of sweetness, herbs and sassafras.. .. I say go for it. Also, maybe stop in for some Karaoke. Have Fun!
4	This review is for the BBQ Menu inside the Brewery.  The BBQ seating area has moved and expanded next to the Sports Book and can now accommodate more guests, which is a good thing.  Been here several times for the BBQ and it never disappoints.  The best value is the full rack of baby back ribs that comes with cole slaw, baked beans, corn on the cob and bread.  If you use the Player's Card you get a discount of a couple of bucks.  The ribs fall off the bone and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  Almost always stop in here for a meal when I'm in Vegas.  Service is friendly, but be warned this place gets crowded on the weekend.  You won't leave hungry.
4	Visited for lunch, super steak special for $8.99. Delicious meal, Super friendly folks. Highly recommend for those who want value for their buck & are tired of the glitzy glamour. Awesome comfort food!
5	Thankfully i discovered this place while staying at the boring platinum hotel which is next door. Forget everything you have heard about vegas and go to ellis island.  16 oz craft beers were $1 during march madness, discounted from the normal price of $2.  Steak and eggs $5.99, deli, pizza, bbq, etc.  Beware though, its kinda like a dive bar and there is a lot of smoke.
5	Been coming here since we our honeymoon in 1997. Great place, cheep good food, great tables for learners.
5	The cafe at this casino is a hidden treasure.My family and I go here all of the time specifically for their steak which comes out perfectly every time. Ever since my family started eating here, it has been the only place we go out to to specifically order steak, of all the places in Las Vegas. I usually order the Steak and Shrimp and it is always a meal that fills me up and has me looking forward to eating my leftovers, I have leftovers every time because the portions are great, especially for the price. The dinner salad that comes with a majority of the items on the menu is a salad I always crave because their thousand island dressing is to die for. Their food is always freshly made and it's obvious that the chef put time in from preparing the food to plating. I recently tried their steak and eggs and fell in love. The portions were again, very big for the price, and the steak had great quality. The breakfast potatoes were light and crisp, and the eggs were perfect, and I'm not the usual egg eater. Even at 11 in the evening, none of our food tasted slacked.As far as service, you can't expect too much coming from a cafe inside a casino. It was dimlitted and the hint of smoke is somewhat bothersome, but the food definitely makes up for it. Depending on how busy it is and what time it is, you will either have great service with the waiters constantly checking on you, or a waiter running around trying to do multiple things.I give this place 5 stars because it is a great place to eat if you want to get full, and I constantly go back looking forward to a great meal.I've heard the other restaurants in this casino are hidden treasures as well, but I have yet to try them. I would definitely recommend the cafe and swing by the sandwich shop as well!
4	Expect a dive, and that is what you get...But the Prime Rib was worth it.
4	I had the prime rib. Yum. Be ready for a wait during popular hours. There's always a bar next to the restaurant to kill time.
1	Two words: food poisoning.
4	Came into Vegas for my boys' 21st birthday and this was our first stop. Had the steak special. Had a great time and a great meal. When they found out it was his  birthday got some extras as a slice of cake for him. Will come back again for the special. Just back from St. Patrick's Day weekend and again great meal. Only change is that you now have to get a slot card and slid it thru a kisok and get the coupon. Then give it to the server when you pay. Good for that one day, but good for the entire table. Cost of $8.99.
4	Great quality meat, total dive mini-casino, but the food is decent & the pricing is near unbeatable. If anyone is attempting to dodge a buffet , wants cheap food & cheap drinks, this is your spot!
4	This review is focused on the Barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island, although I like the casino, too!  It's small, but comfortable - although a bit smoky.We've been eating at the barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island for years.  Because of this, I've never had chance to eat at any of the other food opportunities there!  This visit was our first time since they moved the barbecue restaurant to the other side of the casino.  I guess I like that our large group can now sit inside - a bonus on particularly hot, cold or windy nights, but I did like the patio on beautiful nights!First, you need to know that it's still small!  Unless you get there just as they are opening, you're gonna wait to be seated.  Just plan for it.  Know it.  Deal with it.  It's okay. They're open 4-10.  Your wait will give you time to get a players club card so you can get your discount coupon.  You want that because the already low prices will be even lower with it..  Once you do get seated, you have an enormous menu to choose from.  You get either a half rack of ribs, a full rack of ribs, a half a chicken, or a half rack of ribs and half a chicken.  That's it.  That's the menu.  With each of those meals, you get beans, corn, cole slaw and bread. I think the most expensive one is maybe $12  (with the coupon).  The meat is delicious.  The price is right.  The service is good.  Oh, and it's a brewery, so you get REALLY GREAT beer for about $2.50.Best deal in Vegas.  Trust me.
4	You can still get excellent food at great prices.  The steak I had here was better than the steak at The expensive place next door.  I at breakfast there 2 in a row.  I can't wait to try them for dinner.  They are a very busy place se get there early.  The decor of the restaurant is beautiful dark paneling. I wish they had more places there. I knocked them down a star for the beer.  I brew beer so I know good brew.  This was too watered down for me.  I tried their lightest and darkest beer, but hey, it is only $2.
3	Now I know where the locals go in Las Vegas. In the parking lot my car was one of the few that was not a cab. This place is a dump, but the steaks and eggs special at $5.99 was pretty remarkable. The service was friendly and it seemed like everyone except for me was a regular. Compared to the overdone, overpriced casino restaurants this place was a breath of (smokey) air. I do want to go back and try the beer and the BBQ offerings.
3	Went in for breakfast to the restaurant.  Unfortunately we had to walk through the casino first because of construction. YUCK....Smelled horrible, smoke, dirty, dark.That said breakfast was pretty good for the money. Steak and eggs, bacon were all good as was the coffee. Not a healthy alternative by any means, but if you are looking for a overall decent plate of bacon,eggs and toast it is fine. Our waitress wasn't great. Argued with me for ordering a la cart as it would have been .50 cents cheaper to order the special, but the special had too much food I would have wasted. Appreciated the help with saving money did not appreciate the constant disregard for my order.
4	I've been looking a long time for some cheap food and I've finally found it!  The cafe has wonderful specials, I had french toast for $3.99 and it was Denny's quality (does that say much? haha)  There was a 20 minute wait to get into here so it's not really a hidden gem.  I also thought the place would smell more like smoke and be a bigger dump, but it's not.  They even have a Metro pizza which has BOGO specials on certain days and a brewery.  I know this place is synonymous with 2am drunken karoke, so I'll need to observe that one night!Not a bad bang for your buck at all!
4	Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop here and have something to eat!  The chicken fried chicken is AWESOME!!!  I flew home still talking about it.  I have family members that now want to come try it.  The root beer floats are so freaking good!  There is also karaoke each night for those who like to sing or for those who want a good laugh.   There have been so many changes in Vegas where buildings are torn down and replaced.  I just hope that this one remains.  Till next year Ellis...we will meet again!
3	Not an American BBQ fan but this placed changed my mind.Not many choices here, I think there were 4 or 5 choices coming with sides you either ate or didn't but that's what you got. Ordered the combo plate, half a chicken and half rack. The bbq sauce was very good (and I don't like bbq sauce) the bbq beans were good (and I don't like bbq beans.) Only regret was I should have ordered the "full rack"
3	Fun karaoke nights, happy, cheerful, friendly locals and tourists alike. The cheap however delicious cold beer and ambience keeps me coming back for more. This is one of the joints I take my friends when they come to town. There's a limited amount of tables and benches so, come early.  You can get your own beer at the bar cause they are short staffed making the wait services extremely slow.
4	Steak dinner is now $8.99. Coupon is still required and you must be a member of their free Passport Players Club to get it. Print the coupon at any player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. In addition, you can get $1 off any item, including specials such as the steak dinner, if you play a minimum of $1 in slots or video poker (make sure your players card is inserted in the slot machine). This additional coupon is valid for one person only but each person with a card can redeem their coupon in addition to the $8.99 steak coupon (effectively making the steak $7.99, again). All coupons print from a player's club kiosk. Steak is GREAT, high quality, and includes soup or salad, potato of your choice, vegetables and one of their microbrew beers or a soft drink/coffee.
4	Steak dinner - 10 oz sirloin, choice of soup/salad, potato how you want + the best part free in house brewed beer/root beer (8.99 - 7.99 if you use the $1 off coupon) Oh Breweries, how I tend to seek you out, well maybe not this time, my parents sought you and brought me. It's a rather small establishment, the restaurant and its adjacent casino, but it offers cheap eats that I have to admit are decent quality. I almost feel I should be paying a little more for the portions and well yea including an in house brewed beer too, think I'm robbing them but hey I pay whats on the presented bill. The wait I have heard can be atrocious, though I cannot comment on such since when I arrived I joined a party that had already been seated. Service was spot on and quick even with our party of 9 people.
4	Quite a fun place. It's a casino that have it's own microbrewery and they produce a fine product. I like Stouts and that's what I had here this week, it was good and cheap ($2.50 for a large glass). The bar has karaoke and the regulars here are quite good actually. More locals here than tourist.
4	My significant other got me onto Ellis Island beer, the Ellis light in particular. I'm not much of a beer drinker but that stuff is really refreshing and easy to drink. The prices on their house made beer are ridiculously cheap. I think its like $2 for a pilsner! They offer a Hefe, a stout, and an IPA as well. I liked the Hefe but as a non-beer drinker, it can get to be a bit much after a glass or two. After coming here a few times just hanging at the bar, I decided to see what everyone else had to say about EI. I didn't know this place had good, cheap food as well. Thanks to Yelp, I found out they have some really decent prime rib and BBQ as well as some other great dishes. So far, I've had the chance to try their BBQ, which was really good and probably some of the best I've had here in Las Vegas. It was even better than this BBQ place I ate at in Houston. I've also had the prime rib twice now and although they are a little bit inconsistant with the temperatures, the meat is actually very tasty and is a great deal at just $12.99 which also includes beer. Ellis Island has got to be one of the last places in Vegas where you can find some good food and beer at great prices. Like how Vegas used to be. Just be warned that wait times for the restaurants can be a bit long during peak days/hours. Just grab your number from the hostess stand, have a few beers and listen for them to call you overhead.
2	I had a burger. It was... A burger!
2	I used to love Ellis Island because of the great beer and cheap prices for pretty good food. Things have changed though. When I was there in March 2013, they had raised the price for their steak dinner and one could only get the steak dinner special price with a coupon which I didn't have. I was not allowed to be seated in the bar during their dinner hours because there wasn't enough servers, I was told. One person...not enough servers?! It's just not worth it anymore. They let the good reviews go to their head.
5	Great BBQ Ribs and Chicken!  This restaurant serves huge portions for cheap prices.  We came to the casino mainly for the food.  The microbrewery serves quality beer for $2.25 and the root beer is better than anything you can in the store.  Clearly the best BBQ dinner that you will find on the strip.  If you enjoy meaty, falling off the bone ribs, this is the place to go.
5	Five stars for the place that it is. Its not fine dining, its not healthy dining, but its just vegas cafe food. My second time here within a year, both for breakfast. Both times we received great, friendly service and the food was good and steaks cooked to our liking. It's attached to a somewhat smokey casino and its fairly dark in there. I got the New York steak and eggs which came with these crispy potatoes- kind of like deep fried potato cubes- and choice of toast. All for $5.99! Prices are very reasonable and food was good. Would definitely come back.
4	$2 big microbrew beers!  Decent bbq spare ribs.  Excellent sides of baked beans and cole slaw.  I ordered the combo ribs and chicken and the chicken was not very good.  But the ribs are great.  Corn on the cob was just ok.  Service was excellent.  Everything here is cheap with your players card.  Great food and drink value.
3	The food was decent, the casino was fun, but there craft beers were very good.
5	This place is ... too great to be describe when you want good food and cheap price!!! I had all my breakfasts there when I was visiting LA because that was the first thing that came into my mind when I woke up!!!
1	The house beers were excellent!! I wish I can say the same for the steak dinner I had but unfortunately not...
1	If there were zero stars, that is what I would have selected.  The only redeeming quality this place has would be the $2 beer, contrary to other sad sally posters, the beer is actually pretty good. The staff however, is horrible.  I would never return here based on the rudeness of their staff.  I guess I would be miserable too if i worked in a casino connected to a Super 8 hotel and was surviving on the business of hobos and hookers.Never. Again.Off to get my hepatitis test results!
2	I came here because I thought with all the great reviews on Yelp it would be a decent place to eat. Much to my disappointment it was below mediocre. I ordered the top loin steak with eggs. My steak came in hard , dry, and close to leather. I asked for medium - well done. I think the saving grace was the waitress who seemed sweet and gave good service. The ambience of the cafe area was dark, dingy , old and leaving something left to be desired. I will take Yelp reviews in Vegas with a grain of salt from now on.
5	Food at the cafe is so good an very affordable.  Who needs expensive Vegas strip hotel buffet when you can eat delicious food here for much less?  It's only 10 minutes walk from the strip.  I had Pasta with marinara sauce and meat balls for $7.99.  It had 3 huge fresh juicy meatballs.  It was the best meatballs ever.  Then I had the Prime Rib for $13.99 which comes with a glass of house brewed draft beer.  The prime rib was so delicious.  It's fresh made everyday, juicy and tender.  I couldn't finish my 12oz prime rib and took back to hotel for the next day breakfast because I had a fridge in my room.  Mashed potato was delicious too.  I could've eaten here everyday and saved  a lot of money.  Highly recommended to everyone.  A lot of local repeaters here.
3	Oh man... good ol' Ellis Island.  I might have a dislike for it because this is the ONLY place my parents wanted to eat at cause it was super cheap, but when I'm on vacay, I want to check out as much as possible.  Nonetheless, I had to be a jerk and tell my parents every time NO and that me and the hubs were gonna go somewhere else.The one time we did go was after a showing of the Phantom.. I usually don't get too snobby about decor and upkeep in a dive restaurant, but when you go from the gorgeous Venetian to Ellis Island you are going from Ghiradelli to Aldi brand--and man Ellis Island was looking a little on the drab side that evening.Anyway, lets get back to the food.  I actually didn't want the steak special, but was craving some Italian so I opted for the Chicken Parm -- not only did it come with a side salad, I also got pasta and garlic bread, and I think it was only $6.99.  Glass of wine was CHEAP too, I think $4??  Not the best food or wine around (was actually on the watery side) but what else do you expect with those kind of prices?Do I think its something to enjoy in Vegas?  Sure, why not?! It's Vegas -- but def look around for other deals too :)
3	Great karaoke 7 nights a week ..the kj is good and the sound system was great..it is smokey inside but thats just what ya have to live with to dp karaoke in Nevada.  We will definately return ..a fun supportive karaoke crowd
3	Ok these beers are not going to wow a seasoned beer drinker such as myself. But they are what they are. The Light is piss in a glass, just horrible, as is the heffe, which is damn NASTY, this stuff smells and tastes like a fish tank smells, justt GROSS!!! But the Stout is not bad, and the Amber is actually pretty damn good. All beers at the main bar are $2.00 for a 20oz beer. They cost $.50 more in the lounge and cafe for some reason, so get em at the main bar. The IPA is the latest addition to the line up, and it is not very good, it in no way shape or form resembles an IPA, and in fact doesn't even come close to an APA. It needs a hop punch that just isn't there.The star of this place is the food. The Cafe has good old fashioned comfort food at great prices. A full Prime Rib Dinner with a beer is under $13.00 and it is delicious!! A steak dinner with a Beer is under $8.00 and not too shabby either. There is a BBQ place that offers up standard BBQ fare at a great price as well, as well as a sandwich stand, and a Metro Pizza, both of which offer up tasty creations at reasonable prices.  So go for the food, try the beers, you can't beat the price.
4	BBQ always does me well. (Review is for the BBQ place, not the casino)I had gotten off work and as usual was quite ravenous, so with my friends in town and wanting to try this place from hearing great things over the years, we ventured out. Be aware that the BBQ restaurant is not open 24hrs!It's also a 21+, good house brew of "weiss" = hef ... and the ribs that came out were pretty big, I didn't opt for my own plate, but instead munched off of the BF's plate. Cole slaw was delicious and the ribs had a distinctive taste that didn't taste like any other place I've been too. Will definitely come back, because there's a karaoke bar that I might suck up the courage, liquid courage ... to belt out.
4	Las Vegas hidden gem. Good food at a fantastic prize.  Open 24/7
4	This smoky, teensy "locals" casino certainly won't win any beauty prizes, but if you're looking for a low key place to gamble, eat, and drink on a budget, there are definitely worse places you could. We went to meet a few friends on the "$5 steak and a beer" night, fully expecting swill and shoe leather, and ended up having about an hour to kill due to late friends. So we bellied up to the bar and enjoyed a few beers while we waited. Pros: - For the price, the dinner was actually pretty darn good. Steak, potato, and green beans and a beer. Nothing was spectacular, but nothing was bad, either.- My husband's request for a steak "as rare as you can legally serve it to me" was actually honored! Quite frequently, places like this serve everything at a chewy medium well. Ellis Island actually served all the steaks at our table the way they were requested. This is the big reason for 4 over 3 stars.- The beer was actually good! All of the different varieties actually tasted different.Cons: - It's an old, small, casino. So it's smoky as heeellll.- Service was pretty slow, but considering how packed the place was, and how obviously hard the servers and staff were working. I was still happy to tip well.- The atmosphere is a little on the dim  and depressing side.
5	A vacation kitty favorite! 5 stars! This is a locals casino and the tourist "in the know". The restaurant is great. Ask for the steak special. It is a delicious meal. It's ~$7.99 and comes with 2 sides and a craft beer or root beer. They often give you a $5 match play to use in the casino after dining.The casino is small, but fun. It's not fancy. It's to the point and we like that. Cocktail service is good serving their craft brews in large glasses. Their craft beer and root beer is the best in town. You can walk to this place from the strip. Just go East on Flamingo, turn right where the rap star 2-PAC was shot on Koval and you're eating good for cheap!
5	There it comes to overall value, quality and taste, there is no better deal than the $8.99 steak dinner at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I make it a point to eat here every time I am in Las Vegas because for $8.99 you can't go wrong.If you are a snooty food snob who turns their nose up at the site of white people in jean shorts and American flag tee shirts turn away now. I'm warning you - this isn't a place you want to eat. After all, it is connected to a Super 8.While the atmosphere is very "Southern Americana" you would never know based on the food. For $8.99 or $12.99 without a free players card, you can get a 10 ounce steak, green beans, baked potato, soup or salad and a 23 ounce microbrew or root beer.Even though I am a beer snob I have gotten root beer both times and have loved it. By the way, the place has great service and even has five dollar blackjack tables right outside. Moreover, it is next to a 7-Eleven which is great for picking up booze on the way back to the hotel.
5	What a deal! $8.99 for steak (medium rare - was juicy!), green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes, fries or baked potatoes! This is not on the menu but you need to print the meal promotion from your rewards account for the casino.Not exactly your 5 stars establishment but the food will definitely bring me back for my next visit to Vegas!
4	I ate here twice in the span of two days in Vegas and ordered the exact same thing...that speaks for itself!The first day was a harrowing beginning as we got there at 10:30pm but the 5.99 steak didn't awaken till 11. We didn't get seated until 11:15 or so, which was quite annoying, infuriating, and repulsive, especially considering how empty the place was and how aloof the employees were...Upon sitting, my group of 8 people all ordered our respective 5.99 steak deals. Took at least half an hour for the plates to come out and when they did, two orders were messed up. Service aside, the steak was very good for 5.99. Not gourmet stuff but extremely good for 5.99, especially with the eggs, taters, and toast, which was particularly good/buttery for some reason.Service was better the second night I came, we were seated immediately and food came out much faster. Guess service is hit or miss! It wasn't crowded either night.This place is a must go for those of us on a budget but still looking for quality eats, before or after Vegas shenanigans. It's open all night basically so keep it in mind for your late night needs.
5	Worth the short walk from the Bellagio.  Got there at 9:30 and there was still a wait for dinner! But only 20 minutes, AND it gave us plenty of time to sign up for the Players Card mentioned by other reviewers.  Spend $1 to get $10 in free slot play, plus discounts on their food.  The $8.99 steak and beer dinner was overall very good-- my boyfriend got the IPA and didn't care for it much (living in Wisconsin can ruin that for you), but the root beer was good and the steak was fantastic.  Potato was pretty good if you get extra sour cream and add tabasco :)  I don't like green beans myself so I can't speak to those. AND you get a salad or soup to go with it. The waitress we had was efficient and polite, not overly friendly but I'm pretty sure she was waiting on pretty much the whole room so totally understandable.In summary, it's an insane deal for Vegas. Take the walk if you're staying close by on the Strip!
5	My wifey & I decided to venture off of the strip, try something the locals probably do :)This is a cute little casino that has Karaoke nights. It is really popular because when we got there & put in our request for a song we wanted to sing it was like a 30 minute wait. Enough to make you a nervous-wreck if you hate waiting. The locals there mistaked my friend & I for locals because I guess people don't really venture off the strip. The locals were very welcoming & inviting. I would totally go back here when I go back to Vegas.Not to mention I got hit on by a lesbian ;) that's a first. Whoa der..... lol.
4	Beer is awesome! Food is a russian roulette! Seems to be a very popular and busy place. Drinking at the bar is my favorite thing to do with my Vegas Chain gang and pretty reasonable! Too smokey for my taste but after a few beers it less bothersome,  lol! Dinner is ok, but very busy so you might have to wait longer for seating and eating but reasonably priced.
4	Every time we come to Vegas this is the 1st place we stop and the only place we hang out! Love the people and the atmosphere. The Beer is very good and priced just right. Food was good to.
4	what a find this place was , had the steak special thats not on the menu someone  just told me to ask for it . Really really  nice and only seven dollers we called in a few times after that .the true yorkshireman coming out of me.get it darn thee neck..
4	FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE.Have gone here every time I've been in Vegas since I first went to Vegas seven years ago, and will continue to go there any chance I get.The food is just such a good deal.  You can't beat the prices for what you get anywhere in town.Don't expect anything fancy.  This place is the antithesis of the new, modern places on the strip.  But the people are decent, the tables are cheap (all $5) and it's a good place to go to escape the bougie folks if you just want to grab some grub and play some craps.I took my parents here for their first time just this past month and they enjoyed themselves, too.  Not to mention my family won a couple hundred bucks on the craps table!  We'll be back soon!
4	We were referred by a friend and I must say if you are hungry for a juicy steak and eggs this is the place to come, this is the best tender juicy steak I've had, we were seated in less then 15 mins, for the price we paid it's well worth it less than $14 meal and drink, I give 4 stars just because there's no drink menu
4	The parking sucks but besides that this place is super cool!! Cheap food and beer! Hmmm shots are not so cheap... but thats all i have to complain about! The Karoke was lots of fun!
5	This place is AWESOME!!! I've been hearing about it for years from friends, and I only regret not going sooner! The karaoke bar is so fun, I saw everything from dungeon masters singing Metallica (and well, too), to a girl with a nice pair getting them autographed by everyone at the table! The prices on beer are outstanding!! If you drink one of their brewed in-house varieties, it will only run you $2.50 for a HUGE 20oz beer!! The shots are about like everywhere else for the pricing though. If you want to go out with a bunch of friends, party your a$$ off, and not spend a ton of money, all while in a nice environment, this is IT!!
4	So I'm staying at the Holiday Inn off the strip for work. My budget is pretty tight, and there really isnt much in walking distance that seems all too appetizing...enter yelp's greta reviews of Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.Only a 10 minute walk up the block from where I'm staying, the unassuming roadside casino looks way seedier than the inside lets on...well kindof, the low light, smoky electronic casino with a few craps/blackjack tables isnt exactly Atlantic City.Of course, the review is about the food - $15 gets you 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 a chicken with 2 pieces of garlic bread, 2 pieces of corn, chili, and cole slaw. I ate this about 3 hours ago and I'm still totally stuffed. The ribs were delicious, and the corn was cooked so perfectly - it fell right off the cob. The rest of the food was a notch below these 2 things, but really no major complaints. I wasnt a huge fan of their BBQ sauce, it's a little too sweet not enough smoke, but it was still very tasty. I think it would work great with pulled pork.I'd be back here again, I know I will be by the end of the week to try out the rest of their food.Ohh and the beer is pretty good and VERY cheap.
4	Wow this place is fun!  The beer is good and the prices are cheap!  It's actually refreshing to come and chill, sing karaoke and play the slots.
4	Ellis Island Casino is an old school casino that brings me back to childhood when I visited Vegas with my parents. There was a wait here when I last came here with my group for late night around 11 pm. The steak and eggs is still good but the quality is not as consistent. Some days the steak is cooked just right, other times it's a little over cooked. The size of the steak does not seem consistent either. However, for the price, I can't complain. I still haven't tried the prime rib dinner yet. That's on my to eat list the next time I'm here.
5	Love the ribs here. Gotta arrive early to put your name on the list. Expect to wait 30-60 minutes during meal times. Get player's card and print discount coupon. One coupon works for entire party. $14.99 for full rack + 2 sides; you can't find it anywhere else other than Ellis Island!Well worth the wait for good food and cheap gaming at Ellis Island. A must stop in Vegas!
5	The food is awesome at some very reasonable prices! Stay away from the fancy Vegas restaurants, this one is the Bomb!
5	If your looking for a diamond in the rough, this is the place for you. We waited a few minuets for our table so we took in some sights at the karaoke bar. Our food was excellent. I definitely recommend the prime rib. Amazing!!!! The brewed beer was a plus.
4	Several years ago a cab driver told us about Ellis Island & we've been regulars on each of our Vegas trips.  OH YEA, it's a funky place, in between the Motel 8 & a 7/11 but they have an amazing bbq restaurant with just about the best baby back ribs you can get anywhere & the prices are incredible.  when they open at 4pm on any day, there's a line to get in & at 6:30p there can be a 1hr wait for a table.  They've recently moved the BBQ restaurant to the back where it's a much nicer space.  Waiters are all fantastic & when you get the players card, you get add'l discounts.  (one needed per table) I don't recall the prices, but they're lower than anywhere else.  Easy parking outside.
3	Haven't eaten at Ellis Island, so this review is on the beers (my specialty).Note that their beers are also available at the Village Pub in the LV airport.The bar is set very low when it comes to breweries in Las Vegas, so within that context their beers are average. The Amber is my favorite, and has a strong caramel flavor, slightly sweet finish, no hopping to speak of. The light is essentially Bud/MGD but made locally. Nothing special. The Weiss features only minimal wheat, clove, spice fruity flavors, so think American wheat beer rather than German hefeweizen. The stout is a slightly less roasty Guiness, easy to drink though, and the IPA is nothing of the kind. Last time I had it I thought it was the light at first. The IPA has really little to no bitterness, hop flavor or aroma. 20 IBUs perhaps? Don't expect much from it if you are a craft beer drinker.They are known for having decent, super cheap food, so go here for the food or gambling, not the beer.
5	Always my first stop in Vegas. I usually catch the redeye from Boston and upon checking in to the hotel I head straight on over to Ellis Island for prime rib.  Sooooo delicious and the food there is beyond reasonable.  You could do well here if you are diabetic or gluten sensitive.  They don't load their menus with starches and sugar spiking foods.  Where necessary you can substitute vegetables, the fruit is fresh.   When it's crowded in there you may have to wait for a seat/table but you can gamble while you wait.  If you're not a gambler pretend that you are and sit at one of the slots.  There are no benches or seating available to store yourself while you wait for a table to open.  They have a boisterous karaoke bar in another section of the establishment.  Some of the singers in there are loud, drunk and awful.  If you can sit through this you'll be fine.  My kind of place!
4	Great place for cheap beer and its brewed there hef for $2 and $1 during happy hour. I don't drink beer but my man liked it. And for you non-alcoholics who are naturally high on life they brew their own rootbeer! the best I ever had. I recommend it for groups who are looking to drink cheap beer eat greasy food and socialize very low-key a lot of locals. I tried the ellis island chicken it was tasty and huge portions
4	This place is an absolute MUST whenever I'm in Vegas. Just writing this review makes me dream and drool about their chicken fried chicken... yum...The prices are insanely low and you get a TON of food. $12.99 will get you a steak & a beer! Their deals are fabulous and you get way more than you pay for. I seriously don't know how they do it, but please, keep it up!The casino and restaurant are not the greatest by far, but you'll get cheap tables ($5 craps anyone?) and there's plenty to do while you wait for dinner (and trust me, you'll be waiting for at least an hour to be seated). Ellis Island is not far from The Strip, so if you don't have a car, a cab ride will not cost you much at all plus you'll be saving so much money on dinner.Even though I've been here a couple times, I never go with any expectations, so I am always beyond satisfied with my experience at Ellis Island!
5	Went here over the weekend. Heard great things about it from some locals. We did the Karaoke bar. My girls Nicole and Kelly sang some amazing songs. The DJ Travis was fantastic. If you love to sing ( which I don't sing) but if you love to and want a nice dive bar that is family owned and friendly, I suggest you go here. I truly had a great time.
5	The must visit restaurant when you come to Las Vegas is not Wicked Spoon, it's not The Bellagio Cafe, not anything you'll find in a guide book... it's the cafe and smokehouse INSIDE Ellis Island Casino.  First off the cafe.  $5.99 Steak and Eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs, buttered toast, home fries and a 8 oz steak.  $5.99!!!!!  I went in thinking it was too good to be true, there must be a catch!   The steak is probably some overcooked piece of expiring supermarket aisle chuck steak, right?   Noooooooooooooooo... this steak is magical!  It's a thick cut of meat, cooked to perfection.  Charred on the outside, just a little pink on the inside.  Fatty meat, juices oozing out, tender loving care by the mouthful.  Quite possibly the best steak on the strip-- certainly better than the $70 wagyu I had at Jean Georges Steakhouse (seriously guys, dipping sauces for your steaks?)Second, the smokehouse.  $13.99 for a full rack of ribs, garlic bread, brisket and beans and coleslaw.  These are some quality, falling off the bone ribs.  Not the overcooked kind, but the juicy meat with smokey flavor and just a touch of sauce.  Need to wash that down?  How about a $2 beer?  any beer.  Try the Amber Ale...   BECAUSE THESE GUYS ARE A MICROBREWERY TOO!!!!  This is real match made in heaven.  I love Ellis Island.  Power to the locals, please don't hate us for giving this place away on Yelp!
3	It's a place for late night cheap meals but the last time I went, service too extremely long. Other than that one time its alright, cheaper than places on the strip.
2	This place was close to my hotel and I went here because a local said that this place had loose slots.  I walked it and it was dungy, dirty with a lot of shady looking people.  I thought about eating or having a beer but everything looked grungy and nothing looked appetizing.  When I left, a shady character stopped me and asked if I wanted "Party favors".  I was alone and on foot so it was intimidating.  I wouldn't go back here.
3	cheap but not worth a long wait, had the prime rib and asked for medium rare and it came out medium - steak was dry/tough. its a place where the old timers go and its off the strip.they make their own rootbeer which wasnt bad.
5	This is always a must stop by spot for me everytime I am in vegas. I recommend their bbq which is open 4pm to 10pm. If its any hour in the day I recommend the chicken fried steak or the prime rib. Also try to go on tuesday they have amazing split pea soup. The environment is a run down casino and bar, but man do they know how to make food.
4	On my annual roadtrip to Vegas with my family (yeah I'm classy like that) we almost always go straight to Ellis Island for dinner. Originally we went for $6 steak dinner (not on the menu) and $1 draft beer. Since then, prices have raised- beers are now $2/pint at the bar, and $2.50 at the table. I in no way believe that's expensive, just pointing it out. Also- the steak special is now $12, unless you have a coupon, which you can only get if you have a player's card. With the coupon it's $9 or so. So keep that in mind when you come. Honestly the steak is pretty good but on our last trip, we ate here two times and I got different items instead. Once I got the chicken and rice pilaf, I can't remember the exact name. It was excellent- sauteed chicken breast, spinach, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms on top of pilaf. It also came with salad. The next time I got "no carb fried chicken" which is just fried chicken without breading, and I will say that this made me rethink fried chicken completely. It was without a doubt much better than most fried chicken I've ever had, specifically because the skin was able to get very crispy not being battered, and the meat was incredibly moist and flavorful due to the skin being on. We've definitely had some colorful visits here, and sometimes the food has been not as good. The steak can be chewy and tough at times, and once my father literally choked on it (like, there was a line of people giving him the Heimlich maneuver). However I think he blames it on his lack of chewing, not the food, since he happily returns here for the steak. I realize that's a bizarre endorsement but hey, it's gotta count for something. Our most recent visit, it was right after my birthday and right before my mother's birthday and our waiter brought us a free slice of their chocolate cake. Normally I wouldn't care much about free chocolate cake, but this was fantastic. It was also made in house and really made me see their desserts in a different light. The BBQ, pizza and deli options here are also very good, so I would happily come back here on my next trip, and if you want a good cheap meal, I would recommend others come here as well.
4	Steak and eggs !!! It took a while to get our food and the french toast sucked but it was well worth it for a 10oz steak for $5.99. This is a must stop place in Vegas if you want to eat steak and eggs like a champ.
3	The hole-in-wall of a wall with many, many holes. If you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and not spend $20 on a hearty breakfast, or $40 on dinner, get yourself here. Now, don't get me wrong, the food is by no means spectacular. It's highly average, but for the area it's cheap, decent and will fill you up. The fried chicken seems to be the standout on the menu, and for less than $7, you get four HUGE pieces, freshly fried, not too greasy, incredibly crisp on the outside/moist on the inside (plus a side). The in-house brewery also makes some solid beers. The casino seems to be the place locals who work on the strip go when they get off.  90% of the slots are penny machines. Lastly, if you love karaoke and don't want to spend a ton to do it, come here.  The bar next to the Cafe (mentioned above) seems to be bumpin with folks having a great time.  If you're decked out in 80" inch heals, or maybe leather pants, or maybe something that would be more fitted for the streets of Manhattan, you won't fit in here.
2	Some of my girlfriends coworkers recently invited us to join them here to sing karaoke. Many years ago this was a great little place called the Village Pub. That was back in the 70s. I once had dinner with Joyce Dewitt here.Well the days of dining with celebrities here are long gone. Let's flash ahead 30 plus years to my current review.I work down on the strip and knowing the kind of riff raff that hangs out around here I wasn't expecting much from this experience. As soon as I stepped into the place my expectations were fulfilled. The place was dingy and crowed with the typical prostitutes, drug pushers, losers and other assorted parasites of society you'd expect to see in a bad part of town.The place has the worst sound system of any karaoke bar I've ever visited.The staff was slow and seemed bored with their jobs.Despite all these positive attributes I think I'll refrain from visiting again.
4	After a long day of dancing at a day club, night club, gambling, and drinking, the $5.99 steak and eggs sounds like heaven in your mouth at 4am!Some say you get what you paid for, but that is definitely not the case at Ellis Island because the $5.99 steak and eggs tasted pretty good too! I ordered mine medium rare and that was exactly how I got it, although some friends ordered medium rare and got their steaks closer to medium. The food  was actually more than I could finish so I had to ask my bf to help me out with the rest which he gladly obliged and goobled it all down. Not only do you get steak and eggs, it comes with perfectly cooked potatoes and wheat toast on the side. I think awhile back the combo even came with a beer but they stopped offering that now. I seriously don't know how they stay in business with the awesome prices! While we ate we also heard karaoke in the adjacent room and if you are a beginner blackjack player I heard they have cheap $5 tables where you can practice your blackjack skills at. Overall, Ellis Island is a great place to hang out if you are on the budget in Vegas and want some cheap thrills and food.
5	This is a must stop when in Vegas. The BBQ is wonderful! This is the only place that I will order ribs. I don't like food on the bone... but I will eat it here! We have had the prime rib in the coffee shop as well and it was very good!
2	$6 steak and eggs? Obviously people who get excited about this deal aren't from LA's San Gabriel Valley. The Chinese cafes around here offer $5 steaks and that comes with pasta, steamed veggies, soup and salad. I guess in Vegas, $6 steak is a big whoop so I landed here with a large group around 4am after a night of partying.Our server was nice and patient. I ordered a medium rare steak with over easy eggs. While the eggs were cooked perfectly, my steak came out medium well. The steak was too dry. I was not going to send a $6 steak back at 4:30am so I ended up putting a lot of sauce on it to make it palatable.The worst part is the asshole security guy who was rude to me. I walked in with my shoes on and took them off under the table because I had been wearing them clubbing all night. He was reprimanding someone else who walked through the casino barefooted and saw my feet under the table and started pointing at my face and raised his voice at me to put my shoes on. I, remaining true to my nature, gave him some choice words about his rudeness and utilized appropriate profanity to make sure he was clear about my anger level. Luckily for him he backed off before I went even more ape shit on him.Am I coming back here? If I find myself with another group of 20 and they want to come, sure I would force myself to come back. I, however, will not be suggesting this place or have any desire to come back.
4	Whenever I come to Vegas I always make a point of visiting Ellis Island. I seem to do most of my gambling here, but there's way more to Ellis Island than that.FoodMetro Pizza (local chain) has a counter here. They have whole pizza and pizza by the slice, and Thursdays and Sundays feature BOGO free deals.Their restaurant is open 24/7. The vegetable omelet really hit the spot late night (or was it early morning?) The fish and chips were just OK. If you eat red meat, I hear good things about the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast and the $7.99 steak dinner.Drink$2.00 20 ounce microbrews. Yes, you read that correctly! They brew on the premises and the IPA is my favorite. They also have hard lemonade which I haven't tried yet.They have a karaoke bar which is quite popular. I was there for a while and I never got to take the stage, but maybe my song got tossed (Sid Vicious' version of "My Way" might not have gone over very well).Gambling$5 blackjack and craps tables. Well, one craps table that you may have to get them to open. I was doing pretty well last time but they shut down at 1:00 am. That's why I'm docking them a star.They also have full pay Jacks or Better video poker. If you haven't played, it's a mellow, low-stakes game that you can learn at your own pace. Why pay $2 for a beer when they'll serve you for free?OK, so Ellis Island may lack the glamour of the Strip casinos. Do you want to actually have fun while you gamble? Do you need $5 tables and $1 video poker? The only way you can't have a good time here is if you lose all of your money. Don't do that. Bet with your head, not over it.Good luck!
3	Saw all the Yelp reviews so I decided to give this place a chance. Plus since we came here as four students out budgets were quite low for dinners and lunch. I ordered the King's Cut Prime Ribs. It came with a salad and mashed potatoes + a free tall (and by talk I mean REALLY talk glass) of root beer/beer. However, the ribs were alright, borderline under the normal standard. The Mashed Potatoes though is SUPER SMASHING. I would totally pay $10 just to eat them. The texture is silky and the gravy is like... There is really no words I can describe it.My friend ordered a Streak Sandwich, NY Strip and a Pasta and they all came out to about $100 something for four so that's not bad.One plus point about this place is that the service is excellent and there are plenty of seats. So all in all, a great place to eat if you want to pass all the ridiculously expensive restaurants but also don't want to have to resort to the McDonald across the road
4	great place never heard of it i decided to stop by since it was close to my hotel i liked it alot old place but good food i was surprise not expensive at all great place to eat check it out
4	Will make sure to stop at this joint every time I come to Vegas. Got a steak dinner for $8, with a beer, soup, and a baked potato. Very good deal
4	The meal deals here are dirt cheap! =)Check out their menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/ellis/dining.htmlWaitress was very nice & sweet; made us feel like we were very welcomed here.Got the special Steak & Eggs deal: AWESOME deal in all of Vegas! =)The steak was tender, juicy, yummy; just perfectly cooked.;)Service: AFood: B+Atmosphere: C (typical old dimly lit casino with smell of cigarettes everywhere)Thank you Aaron L. for recommending this place! =)
4	So much fun! It's a little ways off the strip, but if you're looking for a mostly pleasant atmosphere and decent food for a great price, I recommend it. The karaoke in the lounge was a blast!
4	I was looking for something reasonably cheap since I spent a ton of money the night before on dinner. This place looks like it hasnt been remodeled since it opened back in the late 60's, lol.Anyway, I ordered the Meatball pazone. It was a bit greasy, but it tasted so damn good. I got full eating the thing. The side of fries were also good. Not overdone or oily.If your looking for something late night or cheap, come here. Food is good, the service good and can't beat the price.
5	Wow. This place is just awesome. Cheap slots and table games, $2 beers, $8.99 steak specials...why wouldn't you come here. The food is delicious and the people are friendly. This is seriously the best dive bar I've ever been to. Also, there's Karaoke starting at 9pm. Skip some of the hustle and bustle of the strip to come by enjoy affordable food and stick around to gamble the way Vegas used to be.
4	During a 4-day stint in Vegas my friends and I found ourselves here EVERY night, lol. Why? Well, it's got good cheap eats, cheap gambling, and free karaoke--are you sensing a pattern here? I ate two meals here and both were solid: chicken fried steak on one occasion and the fish & chips on another. VERY generous portions and stick-to-your ribs good. Another good option if you get before before midnight is the pizza; as with everything else in this place, it's cheap and good. And the $2 beer! It's the kind of Vegas value you don't see very often anymore. I'm definitely a fan and I believe it'll have to be a stop every time I find myself in Vegas. Apparently they take the Ellis Island motto of "Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor, Your Huddled Masses" to heart!
2	Prices great, didnt realize it was attached ti a Super 8
1	I want to give this place ZERO stars.A group of my friends and I walked here from our hotel to eat what was supposed to be cheap and decent food according to yelp. There was around 14 of us and we came at 5 pm on a Friday which is a pretty off time since it is a bit before dinner time.We walked in there and standing behind the younger hostess in the front was an older blonde lady that seemed to be in her late 40s-50s. We came in, gave her the number in our party and she told us that there were too many of us and that the restaurant can't accommodate us. We looked around and just from the parts of the restaurant that we could see, we saw around 5 empty tables. We told her we didn't  mind splitting up into many tables. She also went far enough to say that no restaurant in Vegas will accommodate our group since there are so many of us. We said again that we can split into many parties, but her adamant answer was that we "cannot be accommodated". This whole time that younger hostess next to the moody older lady just looked at us awkwardly.We were very polite and gave them absolutely no reason to refuse service to us but just the fact that our group was big (even though they have numerous empty tables).
3	Ellis Island is an oft overlooked dining gem in Las Vegas.  While its neighborhood location and interior atmosphere could BOTH use a bump up, the food is of consistently good quality and value.  What Ellis Island doesn't offer in ambiance, it returns in quality and value of food and service.  Drive by fast and you'd never know it's there!  Except for the returning fans who stand in line all day, sometimes for as long as an hour, to get a table.  Like many Las Vegas restaurants, Ellis Island has "off the menu" specials, one of which here is the $9.99 steak dinner.  it includes a well-chosen, succulent steak cooked to order (NOT like the gristly, tough shoe leather they pass off as steak down the street at Mr. Lucky's (at the Hard Rock).  Add to that a choice of soup or salad, choice of potato, freshly prepared vegetables (I usually receive green beans sauteed in garlic & butter) AND your choice of a tall ice cold beer or root beer, BOTH brewed right there on site!  When you walk away from Ellis Island, your wallet will thank you, your stomach will thank you, your friends and family will thank you, and most of all, you'll say to yourself "WOW! that was actually a really good dining experience! I never expected that kind of quality and value from such a meager place!"  TWO THUMBS UP FOR ELLIS ISLAND!
5	The price for food is what the rest of the Las Vegas strip SHOULD charge. The higher end places now just steal from tourists because they won't leave the casino to eat because of travel time and more importantly the HEAT. I heard back in the 70s and 80s food was almost free to get you to gamble now corporations want to rob everyone for every dollar. Go here save a few bucks it's worth the $9. Pass on the $58 steak at the Wynn unless you burn money for fun.
5	I really don't like when people rate a location based on what they expect, rather than what it is... Ellis Island is close enough for tourists and just far enough for the locals trying to avoid the brunt of the strip BS.Ellis Island has been around since the 60's and they have DELICIOUS home brewed beers (stout, IPA, Amber Ale, root beer, light, or hefeweizen) for even a homeless persons budget on top of meal deals that will make the late night drinker (or smoker) beyond satisfied. They have karaoke in one bar room, a cafe in the other, and a middle bar that surrounded by their main games/tables.Located just one cross street from the strip you can't beat the feel of older town vegas, with the prices and deals this place provides. There is also a Metro Pizza located inside the casino open during the day which a HUGE local favorite spot around Vegas.I've been sipping on a stout and eating loaded potato skins since I arrived and can definitely get used to this place... The security and bartenders were nicer than most places in Vegas and the place is very laid back.$7-10 cab ride (if that) from the strip and you will save a lot more heading here if you are on a budget rather than staying on the vampiric money sucking strip...5/5 stars for fusing what tourists/locals are looking for for right off the strip! A cheap good time!
3	prime rib isnt what it used to be, but on my 2nd to last visit the 5.99 or 7.99 (bad memory) steak & eggs hit the spot! i used to always come for prime rib but now i'd come back for the steak & eggs. my friend ordered a roast beef sandwich here last time and it was pretty delish!!
2	I only had breakfast at the restaurant. I ordered an omelette and they charged me for Salsa.  I always order omelette's when I go to a restaurant and I've never had a restaurant charge me for that.  It's no different than ketchup or steak sauce.  There is no excuse for them to be charging for salsa.  My family and I will not go back until they change that policy and stop taking advantage.
4	My mom and I came here for breakfast after seeing it on Yelp.  We had the steak and eggs for $5.99.  The steak was very tasty, what a bargain!  We came back for dinner twice.  One time we ate at the restaurant and everything was really good.  The other time we went for the barbecue . . . Amazing.  Delicious!  Love the down home ness.  The beer is also really good and SO cheap!
4	For years, this has been home to an off-menu $7.99 steak & microbrew special. I've been coming to this dump (and I mean that in the most loving way possible) for a quality steak and beer brewed on the premises for at least 10 years.Those days have come to an end.You can still get a better steak than you'd expect in a somewhat run-down coffee shop that's just a little too far to be walking distance off the Strip, but you now have to work for it a little bit. Step 1: sign up for the players card. Step 2: play at least a dollar with the club card. Step 3: go to a kiosk, swipe your card, and print a voucher for a $8.99 steak & microbrew. Then go eat. On my last visit I hadn't known that the off-menu special was now off the off-menu and the waitress was kind enough to give me an extra voucher to use, but you can't always count on them being able to help you out. The meal is worth the extra hoops to jump through. If you're not a drinker, you can get a house-made root beer in place of a microbrew. The EI also has cheap pizza, cheap ribs, and a cheap steak and eggs special if you don't want to deal with the players card. The restaurant is frequently busy because it's cheap and good. But the place is a total dump. You won't impress your date here.If you want to party like a total low-roller, you have to go to the EI at least once.
5	A fantasic Rib special!!
5	Stopped here for dinner before our Vegas departure. Should have been eating here all week. Great food, huge portions, at a great price! Oh and its not crazy packed and loud like the strip joints. Great to relax , eat , drink and gamble. Just a block behind Flamingo and Ballys. Check it out! I got the fish and chips, husband got the prime rib. DELICIOUS!! Oh and that chocolate spoon cake was to die for.  Sad I missed the breakfast and ribs too.
5	Best place in Vegas! Food is great - Beers are cheap! I go every time I am in Vegas!
4	We all like dive bars right? Well I gotta like a dive casino too... This is a perfect example... What could be more fun while in lost wages than that? They have the basic table games, slots, grub, etc. But they don't have a $25 min per bet and let you just enjoy things a bit more. Want to win a free jug of beer at blackjack? Well then you need to bet $10 per hand... fun little incentive there isn't it?Pro Tip: Hell you can nap at a restaurant table if you need to after clubben n grubben!They have a karaoke bar, a pizza parlor, a diner (the aforementioned sleeping zone =Z). I mean what more could you want... wait you want lower prices? Fine its pretty cheap here, so we got you covered... something else also??? Argh! How about a giant roundabout bar in the middle of the gaming area?Seriously this joint while being only a city block off the strip, is full of fun chit at cheap rates and provides a wonderous nightcap. There is even an attached motel for those who can no longer drive. What more do you want? I don't know but I was here every day for an hour or 3 on my last trip to lost wages... cray cray I know but so what its fun, especially at 4am or whatever ridiculous hour it was when I last rolled into this joint. I just had fun here and liked the chill crowd, fun peoples and games. Everyone in our group just about thought this place rocked also.
3	The location has changed to right next to the sports book which looks like a fast food joint. The food is amazing but you can't split plate otherwise they will charge you $5. I think that's just ridiculous.
1	We usually come here every year, but the host at the front desk was EXTREMELY RUDE. We had a big party, but they don't accept reservations. We came in and we had to be split up at different sides of the restaurant. She rolled her eyes when we got to the front. I'm rating a 1 star because they usually take us, no matter how big of the party. They have gone down in hospitality.
5	Searched the Internet for a great, reasonably priced Prime Rib & found Ellis Island. Walked a mile on some sore feet but after the first bite of the Prime Rib all my aches disappeared. (Guess the Prime Rib had healing powers!) Entire dinner delicious and was only $13.99 (includes dinner, soup & craft beer). House Merlot great too ($3.25). To top it off had a fantastic waiter, Eugene. Only thing that would have made this any better would be if my Hubbie was here to enjoy with me. Will be back next trip for sure!
3	We must check out any brewery within our reach when we travel so we decided to walk over to Ellis Island.  Just a few blocks off the strip, behind Ballys, but man o man is that a hot few blocks!  So as we walked up I was thinking that it looked pretty crappy.  Not very nice from the outside, in fact not really that nice inside either.  But it ended up being a good experience.  We sat down at bar and asked to get a flight of their beers.  The bartender said he didn't want to make us pay for a flight but that he would let us try all the beers.  All light at refreshing.  Not amazing but nothing was nasty.  I am always super excited when places also have a homemade root beer!  The beers were really cheap and the service was really good.
1	Have not been back since the food inspection noted on November 2012.http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/177746751.html"The pictures really do tell the story of Ellis Island restaurant's 60-demerit closure."
4	One of the Best MicroBrews in Las Vegas. The brew is set inside the Ellis Island Casino along with their restaurant and Karaoke Br. All around favorite of mine.
4	Divey and delicious BBQ.  This is a great alternative to the high-end/expensive restaurants on the strip and a great place to relax  with a cold beer made in the adjoining micro-brewery.  There are only three menu choices: ribs, chicken, or chicken and ribs, and you get a $3 discount by getting a players card at the casino.  The drinks are inexpensive and the atmosphere laid back, but what more would you expect from a casino located right next to the Motel 6.  Don't expect too much in terms of atmosphere but do expect a good time and good food.
3	This is a friendly, divey spot, providing a relatively close, off-strip option if you feel like some low-key gambling.  It's not crowded (or wasn't when I was there), and has various low-limit tables.The cafe was about average.  I had steak and eggs, and the steak was quite tough and dry.  The garden salad is basic and no frills, but crisp and fresh.  The fish and chips were fine - the breading on the fish was a little oily and bland, but the fish was moist and tender.  I tried the amber ale, and it was a little bitter for my tastes, but the handcrafted root beer was good.  Our server was suuuper friendly.
4	The best friends I have in Vegas mean everything to me.  The best friends in Vegas can do no wrong in my eyes.  The best friends in Vegas LOVE Ellis Island and that makes me love it too.  We planned a short stay-cation on Friday and thought this was the perfect place for a dine in dinner.  I've been here before and knew what to expect...and was ready!Ellis Island is a small casino on Koval and Flamingo.  It's a little outdated but busy with locals and tourists.  The casino is a little smokey and the carpet makes the place look dated.  The restaurant in the casino is no different.  Dark maroon booths, wooden tables and lots of printed carpets.  The one thing I can appreciate is the wait for a table.  There's always a wait.  Tells me that this place is worth checking out.  On this visit, our server was a little creepy.  He kept winking at us and stared us down, but in the end, hooked us up big time.  For dinner, we got the steak dinner (which is not on the actual menu...it's on their secret menu!)  for $8.99.  It's usually $11.99 unless you have their players card.  Although the card is free, we didn't have one, but our server actually gave us the discount anyway.  That's how he hooked us up!  This meal comes with a thick cut of steak, mine cooked medium rare, choice of potato, I chose the baked potato, and garlic green beans.  This meal also comes with your choice of their in house brewed beers.  I chose the light beer, equivalent to a bud light.  The steak resembled a filet but only the look!  It was still delightful and a thick cut of meat.  Juicy and cooked just the way I like it.  The baked potato was just served with butter and sour cream.  Where's the chives?!?!  I loved the green beans.  Seems blanched with nice sized pieces of garlic.  Super good.  The beer was refreshing and perfect for the meal. The one thing I love about my best friends in Vegas is the fact that they are so humble about the places they frequent.  They've turned me onto this place and the rest is history.  In my opinion, it's almost a five star.  I just can't give it that, as the places I've given five stars to before is in a whole other league.  Trust me though, I will be coming back to this place over and over again.  It's worth every last penny!
4	This little casino has one of the best deals that you can probably get near the strip.  It's not walking distance but it would be a very short cab ride.  Inside the place is dark, a little dingy and kind of ghetto coming from staying at Encore but surprisingly busy.  Back to the deal, all you need is someone to sign up for the players card and they will get a coupon for the whole table to enjoy a $9 dinner of Sirloin steak, baked potato, garlic green beans and a beer. Freaking crazy deal! Our server Eugene was extremely friendly and gave us some tips on what to do with our time there and didn't make a stink face when I sent my overcooked steak back for another one.  My 2nd steak was a perfect medium rare and at $9 was better than I expected.   The other sides weren't anything special but better than nothing.  While you're waiting get a $2 beer at the bar.
3	Cheap food, busy spot and it was extremely HOT!! At first, I thought it was hot because it was busy with lots of people but something was wrong with the air conditioning. It was difficult to sit and be patient because it was hot. As I looked around, I could see other people feeling the same way. Not a good experience when you're feeling extra hot. I'll try it again.
5	Everytime we go to las vegas we make sure we go to ellis island, its cheap and delicious! Once we wen for breakfast before 11 am and we got steak and eggs for only 4.99, the steak was delicious and a good size, we have been there for bar-b-q and their chicken and ribs are also great and not to expensive. Make sure you get their rewards card and you will get good dinner deals too! I highly recommend it!
5	Off the strip but totally worth the walk.Friendly staff.Great prime rib.Beer was good.Prices were great. Can't beat 13.99 for king cut prime rib with a beer.Drinks in the casino were well portioned.
4	Yummy, tummy-satisfying meal without breaking your bank account. LOVE! My boyfriend and I found our way to Ellis Island thanks to yelp. Totally would have missed this nice little gem without the help of yelp f'sure.+King Cut Prime for $12.99! I mean how cheap is that?! Glorious price considering it's a prime rib meal.. in VEGAS. The prime rib was cut in generous portion and I had hard time finishing half my meal with all the sides that came with.+The prime rib comes with soup or salad AND root beer or tall glass of beer. Yes, you heard me right. A tall glass of beer! Ellis Island, I love you. When we went, the soup of the day was cream chicken soup so we opoted for that and it was delish! My tall glass of amber beer was good too! The meal automatically comes with green beans cooked in garlic. yums!+You can also add baked potato for additional $1 charge. You can load the potato with sour cream and butter to your liking. Yee.+Waiter and waitresses at Ellis Island are sweethearts. They always remind you to get the player's card there so we can get a $1 off coupon for our entree!+All the other items here are reasonably priced. Will definitely venture out to other dishes next time.-The only downside is that this place is unnoticable. It's located behind Bally's so it's only a street down from the strip but I never really noticed it before even though I've passed by it bajillon of times. I don't think I would have chosen to stop by here on my own will if it wasn't for yelp..My boyfriend and I have decided we'll visit Ellis Island every time we come to Vegas from now on. Two thumbs up!
3	The prices were great, but they were out of stout...I was a bit crowded and that left the staff super spread out... Our table faced the kitchen door and it was obvious they only had two cooks in the kitchen, I wonder how the dining room got so croweded?  But for the price I don't mind having to wait for our food, beg for water and the check.I will say the people watching was priceless!  It looked like perhaps a convention of middle-aged mid-west salesmen had hit the place hard just before we were seated! Hilarious :)
4	Best prime rib dinner ever! If you're looking for lots of food at a great price, look no further!
2	This was our first stop this past weekend.  We walked in, starving, hoping for some awesome cheap steak and prime rib.  The place was pretty empty when we got there, around 4pm on friday.  Server was friendly.. I wanted the steak and eggs but its only available from 11pm-11am.. figures.Server points out the $8.99 sirloin steak special but says that i need a coupon which i can get for signing up for a players card... after some thinking, i decide to get the card.  Pretty easy, 5 minutes and i was done.  Anyways, the special comes with a 8oz sirloin, mashed potatos, green beans, a soup or salad, and also a beer.  NIce! GF got the $13.99 king cut prime ribFood comes out and my steak while cooked perfectly, is pretty tough.  The prime rib is also served as requested but i guess it cooked itself sitting on the plate because after about 3-4 bites, the pink color started to go away.Prime rib was definitely better than my steak.  Mashed potatoes were the best thing we had but probably cuz of the salty gravy.  Overall, i can see the hype but I wouldn't come out of my way to come here again... I was expecting a $5.99 steak and eggs as other yelpers mentioned.
4	Purely for the value:  5 Stars.  If you like ribs, you won't find a better value anywhere.  A full rack for $16.95 ($13.95 if you're a players club member).  Comes with bread and corn on the cob.  The bread isn't worth the bother but everything else is good.  Wash it down with one of Ellis Island's own brewed beers and you're well on the way to satisfaction!  The gambling is good (they even have a few table games) and their Karaoke is the best in town (they DO need to beef up their music selection - they don't have ANY Tupac.  I classify Ellis Island as a hole in the wall... don't come here if you are the "strip" type.  Come here to get the gambling, good food and fun for less than half the price of the strip... and only a couple blocks away!
5	Steak and eggs!! Best deal ever! Open 24 hours too! :)
4	2 slices of greasy pepperoni pizza and a craft hef $8. Growlers $13 with $7.50 refills. Best deal in Vegas. Right behind the strip next to a super 8 motel.
1	Never got to eat here. Went here with 13 people and they said they could not accommodate us. They said they are used to a maximum of 8 people only. We spoke with the manager and she said the same thing in a nicer way. This place was half full many empty tables but the couldn't help us. They said they could not guarantee our food would come out at the same time, or even that we could sit at the same table. Let alone in the same area. It was ridiculous.  But it should be expected from a shabby place like this off the strip. This is the first time i have been disappointed after checking yelp. I recommend u don't go with a big group. Terrible for groups.
4	Love the country fried steak and eggs.  The service is very good. What I like best about the restaurant is the quality of the food and the price of the meal.  The price you pay for the meal is very good and the quality is very high.  I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed.  They are located east of the strip and behind Bally's on Koval st.  One of my favorite stops to eat when I come to Las Vegas.
3	My thoughts on Ellis Island is that since the place is too small, the smell of smoke is way too strong but the up's to this place is that they have good cheap beer and you can karaoke while you're there too. Can't comment on anything else as I haven't ate here or done anything else except drink but when and if, and that's a big if, I do then I will make sure to come back and comment. Laters, for now.
5	I got the steak special.  It is about the cheapest you can get on the Strip.  Of course it is not like the fine dining options that are nearby, but none of those have a special under $10.
3	when u come here think of a very large hole in the wall bar with alot of extra machines and cheap food and drinks. A local favorite because of how cheap everything tends to be during the right hours and all the giveaways. William hill sports book is here as well so u can pick up ur winnings from all ur online betting. Good specials during games as well.
4	It took 5 years to finally get here!!!  What a surprise.  We had a party of 6 and were immediately seated.  We all signed up for the player cards so we could get the steak special.  WHAT A DEAL !!!!  Steak was delicious and very tender. Baked potato was huge and very tasty. Salad was very big and fresh.  The beer was OCTOBERFEST and was fabulous....SERVICE SUPERB....this would be a 5 star rating EXCEPT for the dinner rolls - they were like chewing rubber and had no flavor.......HOWEVER:  I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK '!!!!!!!!!
5	I must admit, Ellis Island hit the spot when fiending for some steak and eggs. It is a good sized steak and the price isn't too shabby, for $9.99 you get a great steak, cooked really nice even at 4am in the morning, I must say I got to give credit to them chefs back there working after dark and still putting out good food. The food can seem to take awhile for it to come out, but it is expected when a ton of people show up to order the same exact thing you are here for. So i'[ll definitely be back on my drunken binge when I am in Vegas.
1	This place has deteriorated and is closing down soon. Drink the beer and you will get diarrhea for sure. Don't believe me? Go ahead try it at your own risk! What do you expect for $2.00? Look at this : Dirty Dining: Ellis Island http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/177746751.html They kicked out food inspectors??? Really? When I was there the other day, they kicked out this guy who was in the middle of winning a game. Security guards uprooted him because management wanted to collect the money. I couldn't believe they would treat a customer like that. Management needs to be replaced or this place closes. Can you imagine how nasty the kitchen is? For a local spot, they sure are brainless to treat locals so disrespectfully. Anyways, it's just bad news all around. Same night, someone got mugged outside and I heard gunshots. I hear that someone gets killed out there every week. Not cool even if it was management. Oh, the stench from that place will linger on you for a week even if you take 15 showers a day! Disgusting!
5	Oh boy Ellis Island.  My coworker suggested this place the first time I went to Vegas a few months ago (yeah I'm a loser I waited way past I was 21 for my return to Vegas).  I was really skeptical since she said the prime rib here was under $10 with the Players Card and tasted exactly like the expensive stuff.  Still, I managed to pull my hungover self as a place to eat on the way back home on a Sunday and OMG I fell in love.  I ended up staying here a few hours longer than I expected and make it a point to come back here every time I'm in Vegas!  The first two times I came there was about a 20 minute wait, but the last time I came for lunch there was no wait at all.  I heard there is usually a wait so just make a Players Card and use the $10 credit they give you while you wait.They don't have the prime rib as a special anymore but they have a top sirloin with a beer (regular brew or rootbeer) for $8.99 so I always order that instead.  The value for the type of food is spectacular!!!  The 8 oz steak I usually get medium-rare and usually is cooked to perfection except for one time (it was overcooked just a little but it was easily sent back).  It comes with a side of potatoes, green beans, and a salad.  The steak has a nice crust  and it so deliciously juicy.  All the sides taste like how they are supposed to and you'd be surprised by how not overcooked/soggy the canned beans taste cause they still have a slight crisp to them, and baked potatoes are pretty hard to mess up.  This last time I ordered a french onion soup and I thought it had a pretty decent flavor for being $4.99.  I have also tried their rootbeer and it tastes pretty good but you can definitely taste the spices at the end.I always end up sitting around the bar for a while before/after eating and just relaxing getting out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I like winding down here and having a light beer (really refreshing!).  Bf always forgets and orders the Hef which he doesn't like and the 2nd beer always turns out to be a light heh.  Service is always quick and hospitable.   There are tons of advertisements for cheap food with the actual food not looking like the advertisements, but hands down I think Ellis Island has the best taste and value for the price!  If you're coming to Vegas without intentions to spend a lot of money on food, definitely stop by here.
4	My first time trying steak and eggs in Vegas! Although my review may be a little distorted... due to the late hour of our visit and other things, I really liked the steak and eggs here! It was $5.99 for a decent sized sirloin cooked to your preference served with toast and eggs. The restaurant was pretty busy at 4am, but we didn't have to wait for a table which was nice. I really wouldn't expect anything more or less from a steak and eggs run!
5	"A taste of Reno with a reminder of what makes Las Vegas great": that should be the tag line below the giant "Ellis Island" sign that hangs out in front of this amazing establishment.  Cheap beer, friendly folks and a great time await any patron with an open mind and a good attitude.I must admit that most of my time here is spent at the bar, but there's more than meets the eye at Ellis Island.  Mosey on towards the cafe and a hearty meal can be had for a reasonably low price. $2 pints are easy on your pocketbook too; try to find that anywhere on Las Vegas Blvd.  The ambiance of cigarette machines and celebrity art work let you know there's no other place like this.So if you're looking a change in scenery or just need a break from the strip, head over to Ellis Island and escape from the mainland!
5	Went here for breakfast after asking a waiter at a restaurant the night before where to go for a good, inexpensive breakfast. Went here with ten people and each meal was fantastic. Clean, basic restaurant with good food, service and a great price. Our best meal of the week while in vegas.
5	Rated #2 prime rib in Vegas! I had a huge craving this past weekend, we came in to eat and gamble a little. Lots of great changes at this past in the last couple years. Great staff/service. Quick, great food, good beer they brew there and some nice upgraded machines! One of my favorites in Vegas will be back each trip!
4	I come here strictly for the ribs meal.  It's such a great deal and so much food.  The ribs are yummy, not amazing, but very very good.   The sides are okay.  The star is clearly the ribs.I love that they made the space larger.  Less waiting time.A must for a bargain meal in Vegas.
4	The food was great!!!! The staff was very attentive. They really went the extra mile to make sure we were taken care of. The Steak and Shrimp combo were excellent and reasonably priced at $11.49. I highly recommend this restaurant to locals as well as tourists. The only issue I had was that I went with a group and we were not able to receive separate checks.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant EVER. Whenever we visit LV we eat here at least 2x. I have never had a bad meal or service here. The wait does get crazy long sometimes but it's worth it. Best chicken friend chicken I've ever had. Husband always gets their steak & beer special. Usually less than $20 for dinner for 2. Counting down the days until we visit again.
2	Meh.Pork chop with eggs was dry. Bread had a very salty butter. Buddies steak was good. Don't care to go back.
4	If you like good food this is the place it doesnt have great ambiance and the casino cigarette smoke is horrible while you wait for your table but the good cheap food is worth it. There prime rib and NY style stake is my favorite but when I say medium well they cook it very well and the steak lose the juice so I started ordering medium rare. If you are with friends and want good food this is the right place. They also give u free appetizer soup or salad you cant beat that
4	Hey not too shabby though our waitress was kinda cranky. But you probably would be too if you worked around cheapskates like me for the past 35 years. Definitely an adventure and worth the hike. No we did not get sick. Would go back again.
5	Our favorite spot for steak & eggs in Vegas! Can't beat the price & its super yummy!! Sign up for their players club & you even get coupons. The root beer is delicious too! We had their brownie dessert last time we were there and OMG...it was to die for!! I definitely recommend this place!!
4	this place is seriously a must if youre in vegas and have late night drunchies (which is   bound to happen). good food and its CHEAP!  seriously where can you get prime rib and a large glass of beer for about $10?? thats a win in my book already! last time i went i got the chicken fried chicken and was soooo utterly satisfied with my meal. the gravy they used was delicious and you get a huge chunk of battered chicken! my friends ordered different things but they all said mine was the best one. service here is wonderul. i forgot our waitresses name but she was so nice and sweet!
4	Was it just only me or the $4.99 late night Steak & Egg got increased to $5.99.Even at the $5.99, it is still a good deal and very tasty. Well, anything after 3AM and a long time of clubbing tasty.I would recommend to take a cab there because the area is dark and without sidewalk at night
5	Ellis is a true locals favorite. They make their own craft beer priced at $2 for 20 ounces or half price during football. They offer the best barbecue in town s d at the best price in town. Love the Karaoke bar open 7 days a week with KJ Charlie and KJ Lucy. You never know who will show up. Always a great spot did a great time.
4	In search of a new local brewery to get some great craft beers now, since Main Street 777 sucks, I found Ellis Island Casino. I have been in Vegas over 15 years and have never been in here mainly because I thought the place was a dump. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. This casino is fairly nice inside, not what I was expecting at all. The microbrews are all very good, and at $2 for a 20oz draft, you can't beat that. The reward club is equally great. I got a free $10 in slot play just for signing up. The cafe offers a steak dinner with a beer for something like $8.99. The food was decent and a great value for what you get. I have been back 3 times already and love this place. A really cool place to have a few beers and relax.
4	If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably be 50 lbs. overweight with all the buffets and cheap (but good) eats everywhere in this desert town. By the power of Yelp, we found something off-the-beaten-path that only the locals know about and a few tourists willing to venture out here. It's located just off The Strip, but pretty far enough to get away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. This is old-school Vegas at its finest. The cafe is located on the corner of this casino with old, dark, rustic wood panels that reminds you of those classic movies from the 50's and 60's. It's definitely uniquely charming in it's own way. She ain't pretty, in fact she's pretty ugly...but beautiful nonetheless. Vegas is known for many things, and Steak & Eggs is certainly one of them. Wifey and I were looking for a late-night place to grab some grub and this place lit up as bright as all of Vegas' neon signs combined. How could you go wrong with a $5.99 Steak & Eggs special? You simply can't. This is unlike those $5.99 Steak & Eggs specials from Denny's, IHOP's and Reno. It doesn't even come close. So the special runs from 11:00 PM to 07:00 AM. It's perfect for a town that doesn't sleep. They also make their own brew.The one thing I was not expecting from a joint like this was exceptional service. The place is not a dump, it ain't first class either; and certainly not a place where one would expect great service. Our server, Rosie, was superb. Loved everything about her, especially her English accent. Besides their $5.99 Steak & Eggs special, she recommended the Prime Rib ($13.99) as they only had a few cuts left and we better get them before they are 86'd. Wifey and I decided to share, and Rosie said that it comes with a 20 oz. beer. SOLD!!!I ordered the 10 oz. Steak & Eggs ($9.99) while Wifey ordered the special, and the Prime Rib with a side of salad. Rosie threw in the soup of the day for good measure. This place did not disappoint one bit as the steaks were cooked to perfection with all the tenderness and juiciness one would expect from a medium rare steak. But I was in for another surprise as I cut a piece of the Prime Rib and the flavor just hit me like Manny Pacquiao's left hook. Rosie was right. Had we had more time in this town, we surely would have returned for an encore performance. But alas, that would have to wait until we're in Vegas again.
5	Honestly the restaurant is very mediocre. But forget that. This is the best casino and the best brewery in Las Vegas. All the machines and tables have low limits so you can stay here for a long time and entertain yourself or a group for hours. The beers are amazing, all hand-crafted on draft and only $2...or if there is a football game, only $1! Which makes this also the best place in Vegas to watch a game, as there are tons of screens with all the games on, plus great service. This is a wonderful spot.
5	Located about 2 blocks off the strip its a bit hard to get to without a car or a desire to do some walking but if you make the trip the food is worth it.  The casino itself is "interesting"  and certainly not a place I'd hang out at but the food is great.  I found this place by accident a couple of trips ago and make a point of going every time I'm in the  Vegas now.  Portions are large, staff are friendly and the food is good.  Only word of caution is that on weekends during breakfast there tends to be a bit of a wait for a seat.
5	I absolutely love this place. I go to Vegas at least 4 times a year, and we go to Ellis Island for their steak special every time. It has gotten pricier over the years but it's still worth it. Their beer isn't great and you are lucky to get 1 free drink an hour if you are gambling. Don't go here to play, just eat.
5	This place is kind of a dive, but it is definitely a diamond in the rough! Some of the patrons are kind of sketchy, but there beer is inexpensive and amazing. They have: light, amber, heffeweisen, and stout. I always get the heffe which has bubblegum and clove flavors like a traditional German Heffe. I always get my hefferweisen with a lemon wedge instead of the orange wedge they serve it with because it just tastes better. Ellis also has growlers you can take home! Beyond that, the cafe has amazing food for cheap. The wings are good, the prime rib is AWESOME, the potato skins are good, the mozzarella sticks are good, and the philly dip is pretty damn good to. Also, Ellis has karaoke every night and it is always fun. Some amazing singers go to Ellis karaoke too!Every time I have friends come in from out of town I always take them here.
1	This is a horrible place. Why is it still in business. We went to the karaoke bar. If your not a regular,you will be skipped several. Several regulars went before us 4 times before our group went once. Our waitress who was great, Elizabeth hipped us to what was being done. The DJ  made no secret about it. She told us we could leave if we chose, she was a fat white old chick. This was 12/7/13.
5	Second time here, and I think this might become a regular haunt. The staff is efficient and super nice. The beer is cheap - and yet still yummy. There's the typical karaoke crowd: good, bad, ugly, tone-deaf. Yet, the crowd is universally supportive, and isn't that what karaoke is all about?Oh yeah, and the ribs. OMG.My only complaint: the Baton Death March to the bathroom.
4	$2.25 root beers, bomb ass tasty fish n chips! $8.99!
3	Decent food for cheap prices!I had the full rack of baby back ribs ($14).  The ribs are alright!  The texture of the ribs are odd, I agree w/ Kelvin C.'s review, it tastes like the ribs are boiled.  If you slab on BBQ sauce they taste pretty good.I also had the half rack of chicken ($9).  The chicken was pretty good.  I thought the breast was pretty dry but nothing BBQ sauce won't fix.  The rest of the chicken was ok.  I'm usually not a chicken guy but this was solid.Beer is super cheap at $2.  The beer is alright.  It tastes watered down.TIPS:-Sign up to be a member to get a discount on your meal.  It saves you about $3-$5 a plate.-The wait time can be long so queue up before you gamble.
4	just a block away from the main strip you can feast like a king for under $20.  I had a 16oz prime rib, served with choice of sides and a salad AND a 16oz beer for $13.99  CRAZY DEALS!The casino floor itself is very old and dingy, so is the restaurant itself but perhaps that's why you can get such a great deal on the food because you're not paying for all the overhead.
4	Love this place. i come here every time I am in Vegas. The prices are fair and the food is good. The location is slightly off the strip but it is easy to get to. They haven't updated their air filtration system so it smells like what Vegas would smell like if they didn't pump perfumed air into the casinos. But aside from the old decor, and the smell of cigarettes and shame, I love this place and highly recommend it.
5	One of the best kept secrets of Vegas. Just a block from the strip. I sensed more of a local vibe. $2.00 beers,cheap food, a seperate pizza joint, and a sports book makes this place one of my favorites. I love Ellis Island because of its size. The casinos on the strip are so big and a pain in the you know what to get around but Ellis Island is so intimate. More of a hole in the wall than glitzy so if you like bling I would stay away. But if you like great food and drink at awesome prices than Ellis Island is for you.
4	Ellis Island is a little off-the-Strip Vegas gem! My friend who lives in Vegas took me here to watch the UCLA USC game during Thanksgiving weekend. We got a seat at the bar, got a couple beers (did you know they brew their own beers? I didn't know this until I got there, and they're only $2!), and cheered the Bruins until halftime!It's a pretty chill casino compared to all the hustle and bustle of the strip. The bartenders were nice and accommodating in changing the TVs for us to watch the game.Apparently, the food is is not bad either.. perhaps I'll come back to try the steak, but I'm def glad I got to explore this place as a chiller alternative to the Strip.
3	Ellis Island brewery was an interesting place to visit .  The ale is brewed right here; the pretty copper brewing vats are by the bar area and easily viewed.  The pizza is quite reasonable and sold by the slice and the beer is very reasonable too !!The down side is the smoky, dark atmosphere and it's somewhat rundown inside,
4	Great food at cheap prices. Good selection of brews. Gaming is limited and the place can often reek but hey, it is what is is. Grab a meal and go!Short walk from the strip
3	2 for 1 pizza on Thursday. Pair with $2 beer, brewed right in the casino (you can see the brewery set-up along one of the walls.The pizza was fine, but nothing to rave about (but for less than $4 for 2 pieces, which were on special) it was a great accompaniment to the beer.  We sampled the Weiss, the IPA, and the Stout.  Good solid beers, I would totally get the stout again.  Order the beers from the center bar, instead of the pizza place or the sandwich shop to get them in glass (ours were in plastic).The atmosphere is pretty smoky, so if this is an issue, do not plan to spend much time here, but it is a great pit stop to try some local beers.
2	Very smoky! We came to try the brews ($2) and they were just OK, definitely not worth a special trip.  The heffeweizen, amber and IPA were served in plastic cups, and all of the beers were very monotone in flavor with little to distinguish them. All also had a slightly off aftertaste.  There were booths on the side of the casino to sit in. It was a Thursday so pizza was 1/2 priced, but it was just ok also.  Overall, very mediocre and while sitting in the 'nonsmoking' section for ~10minutes I started getting a head ache because the little casino had really poor ventilation.  I had to leave, and I definitely wouldn't recommend coming back.
3	You will find Ellis Island beer at the brewery, Village Pubs and various Metro Pizza locations.  What I cant ever put my hands on is their signature egg nog that is available around the holidays.
4	If you wanna feel fulfilling at a reasonable price. This is the right place to go. The premium steak was juicy and huge! A must-go in Vegas. The only problem is it is too popular, need to wait for a while before you can get in.
1	Bouncer told me I'm not my ID.  Had second bouncer confirm, and looked at the other dude like WTF.  So, you know, eff this place we all leaving.  Owner.  I'm 32.  My GF is 26 and didnt get a second glance.  I will share my opinion with everyone I know.
4	Shhh don't tell. This is likely one of the best meal deals in Vegas! It's not on the strip, so you will need to drive or *gasp* WALK yourself over here! It was not a pleasant walk in the sun, and I had the foresight to wear flip flops so I spent a good portion of my walk looking at the ground and avoiding the scary fire ants. The view on the walk over here isn't great, so I wasn't missing out on much.The interior of the casino isn't great either and the restaurant looks a bit run down, but don't let that fool you. The food here is decently priced, good portioned, and pretty tasty. Our server was wonderful! She was personable, knowledgeable about the menu, and had just the right amount of conversation to  keep you happy, but give you the privacy to eat. We went with the prime rib, and it was such a good deal for so much food! The meal came with two sides and a glass of their homemade root beer, which I was quite fond of. I'm looking forward to stopping by again the next time I'm in town.
2	Baby... Ellis Island,So you've decided to get a divorce and take away my deals??You had me at $4.99 when we met in 2010. Sure, we argued and I put up with your $3 increase by 2011 when you knew I was returning from a long hiatus. But now, you decided to pull a fast one and take it all away?No... you've decided to be the hot one and call me out, keeping my babies of steak & eggs away and needing to sell out $12.99 for some even at 3AM?! You've just gone mad now. You've changed. WE'VE CHANGED. And now you've gone way too far.I found a new one to spend my nights of meat cravings elsewhere. One that understands me and knows I want a $4 steak deal after getting a little bit tipsy.It's over.Love,AndyPS: You were never that good anyway. I've had better meat in my mouth...
3	Ellis Island has a small cafe that had great steak specials.   The only problems are that there usually is a wait and the service is slower than molasses but I still come here. Food: steak and eggs for 5.99? Sure!  This isn't any angus beef rated steak but for the amount of money, why not eat it?  If you like your steak a little rare inside or even medium rare, ask for rare.  Why?  They cook it two ways, well done or rare.  The rare is a little pink inside and the medium rare is where their well done starts.  Not because they don't know how to cook, just because the steak is so thin.   The Sides it comes with is usually pretty decent too.Service:  The service is SLOW.  I mean SUPER SLOW.  If you were waiting for your steak to cook on the sidewalk outside during the hottest day of summer in Vegas, you'd probably have a steak sooner than in this place.  They wait staff has a lot of tables to serve and they're also under staffed.  I'm not saying it's a bad thing.  This place is great to chill with friends while waiting for your cheap food.  It's just a thing to note if you're in a rush.Overall, great prices for decent food and slow service.  It's vegas and it's off the strip, what do you want?  I'd go back.
3	The food is satisfying and the prices are very satisfying. I recommend the prime rib ($13.99 and comes with a 20oz beer) and the chicken wings. When a sports game  is on in the bar area, they offer 5 wings for $2 and $1 beer. The beer in the restaurant are is still only $2.25. This place actually brews their own beer, so it is not your typical bud or coors for these prices. I love craft beer, so I am probably more critical having tried so many, but I am sure most people would really enjoy the beer here. The flavor and complexity of the beer is nice, but it did seem to be a bit watered down. Maybe to appeal to piss beer^ drinkers? That said, it is still good beer and very drinkable with a large meal.
1	They NO LONGER have steak and eggs for $5.99!!! When I asked the host, she said they have it for $9.99 now. So we sat down ordered but the waitress said they have the top sirlion and eggs NOT with NY steak! Argh! We walked out! No need to ever come back this place ever again...unless promo comes back. I am so mad!
4	Love this place.  A small, local casino.  The majority in here and locals and not tourists.Hands down the best meal value in Vegas.  BBQ ribs and chicken for $11.99.Can't beat the price.
4	You can't beat their $5.99 steak and eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs anyway you want them , breakfast potatoes, and strip steak cooked to your temperature perfectly.  The food was prepared as ordered and delivered very fast.  The service was responsive and friendly. Food wise everything was delivered as promised and expected. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is for the smoky environment.   I am not used to smoke filled restaurants anymore as they do not exist in Tennessee anymore,  this is the norm in Vegas, But they are extra smoky.
4	The slab of ribs is a one shot deal, you only get the special when you sign up for the players card.  Take a drive to Koval, make that U-turn, tolerate the less than 5 star casino, it's worth it.  I'm going to try the prime rib next time or maybe even pay full price for the ribs, was very good.
5	Was a great time the food was great and the brewery is amazing...Las Vegas Own Beer. The bar tender Rory at our local Village Pub on Rainbow told us about the fact the E.I. owned and brewed the beers that were in fact on tap at Village Pub. Also told us about the great food specials. Which in fact were amazing almost like Vegas should be. Food portions were good side as well. Overall this was a amazing time. Will for sure be going back & will indeed recommend this casino to all my friends
4	Great place to hit up when you are in Vegas. Pieces of meat are very good and the servings are good sizes. Everything we had was absolutely worth the price. THe means, the bear and the drinks. Not only a really fare price the food was more than work it. All 5 people that were in our party were happy with they they had and the price they paid for it. Not always something a restaurants do well on.
5	This place is old school Vegas all the way. The prices here are crazy cheap for all that you get. Where else can you go and get a Steak, beer and sides for $8.99... Just crazy prices. What is even more amazing is the food here is great. Everything we tried was top notch and homemade. Even the cheese stix here are homemade and some of the best I have had. The Desserts are great also if you can find a way to have enough room left over to try them. Be sure to try the cheese cake it is great. The cheese cake here is light and fluffy unlike any other cheese cake I have had. The service is also great, Our waiter was very friendly and took his time to let us know all the stuff we should try. Overall very impressed with Ellis Island.
5	This place is a staple for every time I go to Vegas, (GO about once every two months). Anyways I love love love this place, It's definitely a locals casino but this place I would say is one of Vegas' best treasures. This place is awesome and if you ever want to have a true orgasm in your mouth go and get ribs. If I was forced to only eat one thing for an entire year it would be those ribs. The portion is huge but also comes with Texas toast, beans, two corn on the cobs and coleslaw. I have been here countless times and I have taken both friends and family to this place and they love it just as much as myself.
3	Four of us went for breakfast.  2 of us had the $5.99 steak and egg special, which includes house fried potatoes (which are amazing) and toast.  2 of us had the veggie omelet, which was packed with fresh veggies, smothered with cheese, and also served with potatoes and toast.  With coffee and tip, total bill was less than $35. Great deal.  Service was very good, servers were really friendly and refills of coffee/water were abundant.We returned for dinner the next day.  2 of us had the penne al forno, which was creamy and delicious.  2 of us had the burgers with no complaint.  The best part-- $2.25 20 oz. beers that are brewed in house.  Both the Hefe and the Light are very smooth.  Total bill for 5 beers and 4 entrees was $45, a steal for being walkable from the strip.
5	$12.99 for a HUGE cute of slow roasted Prime Rib and baked potato plus it comes with a mother fucking beer too! Granted it may take a while to get seated but you can fill your time watching sports, gambling, or getting drunk with your friends.  Don't expect the Wynn though cause its old school up in hur, but the food and beer make the trip worthwhile.  And for those of you complaining about it being too far away its located just off Koval and Paradise, which means its only a stones throw Paris / Ballys / Planet Hollywood and is as close as you can get to the strip without being on the strip.  And hello did you read the first line of my review. $12.99 prime rib, baked potato and BEER...lots of it too and they're dirt cheap.  All beers are brewed on premise are only $1.75 for 20 ounces of ice cold goodness.  Now if that's not enough to sell you on this place come for happy hour when its only a buck!
4	If you want to get off of the strip and go to a GREAT local casino, Ellis Island is real good.Gaming:  Slots, roulette, black jack, craps and some other poker-type tables.  They have $3 blackjack during happy hour.Food:  Very good restaurant in the casino.  Get a New York steak dinner with salad and a beer from $9!  All of the other food is really good, too, and very reasonable.  The place is also a brewery, and it is the best beer I can get anywhere.  But, be careful, it is strong.  Drinking four beers seems like drinking eight.  Best of all, the beers are $2 for a 22oz!  I love this place.They also have karaoke, other restaurants, a BBQ restaurant (really good) and a pretty good players' club.  The staff is either really good, or basically rude.  In the restaurant you always get great service.  At the bar and casino floor, either the staff is really positive and helpful, or "leave me alone" and mean.  Overall I love this place and will go back every time a visit Vegas.
2	I really wanted to like this place but overall it was just okay.  It's definitely a little run down looking and my friend who lives in town told me "if you see a group of people standing outside, that means there's going to be a fight so just drive by first." There wasn't so we got to dine here.  Yay:-Prime rib: Cheap and comes with a beer or root beer. Prime rib was seasoned well and the green beans it came with was cooked nicely. Nay:-Service: I almost want to say our waitress was racist or just only attentive to certain ethnics.  She didn't let us know that our order came with a free beverage until after she had brought us a soda (and charged us for it), she didn't ask what sides we wanted and ours just came with a baked potato and green beans, she didn't even bring us the free bread the other tables got, and she never came to check on how we were doing.  I thought that maybe they had ran out of other sides or maybe I should have said something, but whatever I got my prime rib so that's what I really wanted.
4	Ellis Island is my go to late night breakfast spot in Vegas! In my opinion, their steak and eggs ($5.99) is the best steak and eggs under $10 in Vegas...hands down. Servings are big and the country fried potatoes are amazing. Great prices on the menu as well. They also have a pizza spot which is really good (opposite end of diner) and a live karaoke bar as well. Every time I have friends in town I make sure to bring them here at least one night. Nancy is my favorite waitress and is extremely nice and fast. The diner and casino could use some renovations but at the same time that's what gives this place the character it has. If you haven't been here, you gotta check it  out.-J. Soto
3	Gone is the insane, shout-it-to-the-world deal of $5.99 for a hearty sirloin steak, eggs, potatoes and toast. Ellis Island Casino, like its namesake in NY, used to be the place where the weary could hunker down and take some comfort that even with their meager earnings that tomorrow held new and exciting propositions.Here, gamblers down on their luck rub elbows with families and the elderly looking to score a meal that is recession proof. Unfortunately, the times are a'changin' and the old-school Ellis Island Casino no longer offers what I had considered the best bang for your buck deal in Vegas.Today, the steak and eggs will cost you $9.99. Not bad at all, just not the screaming deal it used to be. Fond memories of looking at all the food you get and then walking out feeling like you stole something are a thing of the past but I'd still consider coming back to Ellis because the food was good and it still is one of the better cheap options especially late night after clubbing,  gambling, or whatever you did that you want to stay in Vegas. I just wish that good ol' deal had stayed too.
5	We never skip breakfast at Ellis Island while in Vegas.  Best steak and eggs ever.  Sit and the bar with a bloody beer, play some video poker while you wait.  Nothing better to start the day!
5	Everything here is great! Great Beer! They have a BBQ station that opens from i believe 5PM but get there early to get a seating number! It's very good at $13.00 or so a plate for a full rack of rubs, two corns,garlic bread, slaw and BBQ beans!! They also have Metro pizza which is also very tasty! Ellis Island is in a shady part behind the strip on Koval behind the bally's casino. They have karaoke nights i believe still in the bar area The restaurant has a Steak dinner with all the fixings and a 20 oz handcrafted beer or rootbeer for under $9. Unless your a local you would never think this place has great food as it does.  It's a small and cozy casino not like those giant casinos on the strip! For sure a stop by if your in the area...
1	Terrible service, condescending and rude management on duty. Not supporting this ass backwards establisshement. The BBQ diner is bad enough, but we ended up going to the usual karaoke spot and that ended badly as well. Do not come here if you can avoid it!
4	A dealer at a local hotel told us this was where a lot of locals hung out, so we decided to check it out.$8.99 for a steak dinner? Yes please! Comes with rib eye, baked or mashed potato, green beans, garden salad AND a 20oz beer or root beer. Does it get better than that? Actually it does, you have to sign up for a members card to get this deal, and for new members you get $10 in free credit play! Hello free dinner :)We got our steaks Medium Rare and they were cooked perfectly. I'm a steak snob, but for $8.99 I'll take it. They're a brewery so there was a great selection of beers to chose from and we were more than stuffed. The waiters are very attentive and we were sure to tip our waiter well.
1	If you enjoy the taste of tobacco with your meal then this the place for you!  We had to walk out without ordering.
5	This is a joint that is frequently visited by the locals and they know where they are going.The restaurant deals, SPECIALS not listed on the menu or even those that are listed are incredible deals for STEAK and PRIME RIB.You can seriously eat one meal a day here.BEST ROOT BEER EVER!Just go for the Root Beer.  It'll be worth it.
3	This kind of dark, old dive is famous for its relatively inexpensive breakfasts.  The breakfasts are standard fare and decent.  Their pizza by the slice is also decent but nothing spectacular.
3	$8 steak and potato if you sign up for the members(free), the entire table can get this deal!The service is okay, the food portion was pretty big though. None of us can finish the food, and the huge cup of beer! The quality of steak was cheap, if you are trying to get medium, you should order medium rare, since they tend to overcook it a little. Place is a little smoky, but overall experience was not bad. Will come back if we want some cheap steaks!
4	At 3am this casino had everything we needed to close the night. Steak dinner. An open blackjack table and karaoke! Yes, we hit this place 3 nights in a row with each night (getting progressively later and later).The karaoke was packed. Some amazing singers and some more...performance than acoustic. My name was on the list but with so many people there I enjoyed the event more just sitting back with a beer. The dealer at our table was really friendly. We took every seat, which took the pressure off and allowed everyone to enjoy them selves.I will definitely make this pitstop on my next trip to Vegas
5	This place is awesome! $8.99 steak dinner with a decent size steak, mashed potatoes, garlic green beans, soup (split pea was spot on) or salad, AND a 20oz beer brewed in-house. The food was soooo good! Where else are you going to get a deal like that? Steak dinner for four plus mozzarella sticks = $47!!We visited the place for the first time last night after reading the Yelp reviews, and everyone was glad we did. Monica was one of the best servers I have met. Very friendly, bubbly personality, attentive - a lot of good recommendations to give about the food and beers. She talked with us for a bit and I could tell she was a genuinely nice person. We thought she was exceptional, so we tipped her 40%.I guess the fact that I won $100 at their roulette table ten minutes before didn't hurt either! Definitely going back tonight and every time I visit Vegas.
4	The prime rib dinner was a fantastic value! Huge portions and tasty. The staff at both the restaurant and casino tables were very friendly. Great job.
4	We always make it a point to come here and have a meal or two while in VEGAS! We come here for the prime rib and they made changes to the menu since he last time we were here 2 years ago. For 12.99 we get a big ass prime rib with sides, salad OR soup and BEER!!! Get the Hefe Weiss beer!!!! Clean aftertaste with sweet malty flavor. I love Irish beer and this beer is pretty close to that awesome goodness! Food and beer came within 10-15 mins and boy it's GOOD! Prime rib was tender and cooked as requested. I devoured every single bit on the plate. Lol. Till next time Ellis!
1	Don't go here if you have kids.  They won't allow kids in their restaurant because they have a brewery on site.  State law.  Everything else is legal in nevada except this.
4	Nice small casino that will fulfill all your needs.From Slots to food options. Will return.
4	We had an early Valentine's dinner at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery - on Feb. 12th. We were told we could have the brewery beer and BBQ at the BBQ eatery. Beer is inexpensive and great! Service was excellent. We had the baby back ribs which were good - and at an affordable off-The-Strip price. Corn on the cob was over-boiled and mushy, cole slaw was OK, toasted bread was pretty tasteless, and beans were not the best. But again for the price, the meat was good. I'd go back for the brewery beer - $2.25 for a big glass. That was excellent. Not many choices on the menu, but that was OK. Atmosphere wasn't anything special but we were hungry and didn't care. We also got the player card and got $3 off apiece on our dinners, so that helped too.
4	An accident on the highway added at least an extra two hours to our trip from L.A. on Valentine's.  We were headed there to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-day!) with plans to head to Fremont that night and then the Strip and a show on Sat.  Getting to our rental at the Wyndham so late that we opted not to drive anymore that night (btw: pushy, rude staff at that place).  Not quite knowing where to head (too late for a big buffet for me), we got on yelp and decided to try Ellis Island which was just an easy walk up and over one block. Even though it was 9:00 pm, there was a 45 min wait for dinner.  Not a problem!  We went over to the bar to enjoy some of their tasty beer, cocktails and karaoke....some of which was VERY good!  When it was time to be seated, it actually took much too longer for our server to come by our table.  After not seeing anyone for 15 mins. we went looking for the hostess who sent him right over.  After that- and yes, I know that's not cool, everything went really well.  My sons and my boyfriend all had prime rib and thought it was good for that price.  I had the NY steak and shrimp.  I don't actually like shrimp but wanted that cut of steak.  My boyfriend ate the shrimp.  My steak was seasoned nicely and cooked well.  I like medium and it was probably a bit over-cooked but I, personally, prefer that to under.  Not really any complaints about the quality of the food.  You have to know when you see the prices  to not have super high expectations but they exceeded mine!  We were bummed that we were too full for desert!  4 meals, 4 beers at dinner and the bill was $59 and some change!  (not including our bar tab in the karaoke lounge).  It was a very nice "save" to a night that was going downhill.  We were pleased to find it so close by and we were pleased with our meal.
5	Awesome food! My buddies are all on the bandwagon at this pub and grub. Everyone should go here breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They hit it out of the park everytime. I've eaten off the strip, but I always come back to Ellis Island. Barbecue ribs and steaks and a crafted beer!! Wahoooo!
5	So I came in after yelping about the steaks and prime rib dinners with the fam and friend. I was so not disappointed at all. The food was amazing and the micro brews so heavenly. Our waitress is so delightful and attentive. FYI: their wait times are a bit long (25-30 minutes) but it's worth the wait, trust me. Make your way in, it's not that expensive either. 2 prime rib dinners, 1 top sirloin and eggs, and a chicken fried chicken for around $60. Not bad for Vegas.
5	We were at daughter's dance convention and was wanting a steak dinner.  I logged onto Yelp and almost 1000 reviews we thought we'd give it a try.  $8.99 for a steak dinner? Let's try it and if it isn't that good, its ok, we spent less than $10 a person. Boy were we surprise...it was delicious! And you also get a 20oz beer!!! Or homemade root beer for the kids! We definitely will be stopping by whenever we're in Vegas!!!
5	Best Steak and Eggs for the Value in Vegas.. hands down! My review is based solely on that fact!
4	salad,baked potato, sirloin steak...here's the kicker.....comes with 20oz beer for 8.99$... you can't beat that with your meat! Lmao! Seriously best steak deal in Las Vegas in my opinion, especially if your ballin' on a budget!
4	Full rack of ribs for $14?  With garlic bread, slaw, beans, and corn? They're not exactly fall-off the bone tender, but a good enough quality to make this place worth the drive from Summerlin!Tips:-Gets busy so line up early!-Get a players card, then go to the kiosk to get the coupon. Saves you several bucks!-1/2 rack of baby back ribs and 1/2 chicken is delicious! With sides, all for $12-Small place, kind of hole in the wall, not really there for the atmosphere, but go just for the ribs. -You can go to the cafe...but it's faster if you walk to the right of the cafe to where the BBQ only line is. I will definitely be back!
3	I actually kind of love Ellis Island, and we go often, but I have to be honest in the review and 3 stars is probably the best I can do for this place. We always get the steak special, which is 8.99 (with your players club coupons that you print out from the machine) and includes a huge beer, steak, potato, green beans and soup or salad. Usually it is great, but unfortunately it can be fairly inconsistent. My husband and I can order the exact same thing and our steaks look completely different and one can be medium well and one can be practically raw. 80% of the time, it is a great dinner, but it's that 20% that bums you out sometimes. Also, my daughter ordered the fried chicken once, and while 3 pieces were perfect, one was raw inside...obviously that is fairly dangerous and something that shouldn't have happened. I will say that we have brought all out of town family here, and they all love it, rave about the good deal, and the beer, and always want to go every time they come out, so there is something about this old school place that people (especially the old people) are drawn to. My favorite thing about the whole place is the beer. I LOVE the Hefe Weiss. LOVE IT! It is dirt cheap or free if you get the steak special. Also, I find the more Hefe I drink the less I care about the bad stuff about this place ;-)As everyone has said, it is extremely smoky. I find the restaurant to not be too bad with the smoke drifting in, but the casino and bar are bad! We have watched karaoke in the bar, and my throat hurt for a day afterward because of all the smoke. Also there is one bathroom in the whole place and while I have never had to wait in line, that walk feels longer and longer as the night (and the beer drinking!) go on. So I would say if you are NOT a foodie, like a super cheap meal, and can deal with some cigarette smoke, you will probably enjoy this place. So many of the strip casinos have gotten so over-priced and pretentious, that it is nice to have this place as an option when you just want something cozy and old school.
3	Cheap food, and by cheap I mean prices and quality. Yes it's open 24 hours. Yes the service is friendly. Yes the prices are amazing.But, it's far from the strip so you have to drive out of your way - kinda. And it's also not very good quality:- steak cooked medium was pretty burnt, as was the one cooked medium rare- bacon was okay and crispy- fish and chips were okay, regular ole fish and chips- chicken looked very very dry Overall, you get what you pay for and if you want quick service all day long and low prices, then yes you'll get what you pay for. If you're looking for quality and convenience, maybe look elsewhere.
3	Pretty good food - you can't beat it for the price. I think steak deal is better than their salad. The wait can be long but it's a fun thing if you like a good deal on pretty good food. Restaurant is set in a divey casino but service was good and food was tasty.
5	I love the steak. I been craving for steak for a few days!!  Is voted no. 1 in Vegas!!
3	This place was a surprise!It's off the strip, adjacent to the Bally's employee lot, diagonal from the Westin. Still good walking distance, though!! Our group ate there three times in three days, so let that speak for itself. The big draw is the price of the food. You'd think the quality wouldn't be that great for cheap prices, but you would be wrong! They have a special where if you put money on their casino card, you get a certain amount off your meal. Beer is $2.50!Literally everything on the menu is awesome, especially the chicken fried chicken and the mashed potatoes. Looorrrrdddd!!!!!!!!Huge portions.This place is the shit.
5	Friends brought us here on our recent trip to Vegas. We went for the BBQ. It was absolutely delicious! I loved that you could order it "naked" and add your own sauce at the table; many places bring you BBQ swimming in sauce (and often times not that good). I had the half rack and half chicken and I ate nearly ALL of it...my husband ended up with maybe two of my ribs is all! He loved the homemade root beer. The beans as some have mentioned are not that flavorful but they make an excellent dipping sauce for the garlic bread. Our friends are locals who have been coming here for years...the prices were great, we picked up the tab for supper and four adults ate BBQ for under $65! By far the least expensive dinner we paid for in Vegas and nearly all our other meals were just for the two of us! Be sure to sign up for the Player's Card upon entering to get the reduced price.
3	This place has great BBQ and best dinner deal in Vegas 1/2 rack of ribs 1/2 a chicken and sides for $12. It was so good I finished my plate and there root beer was amazing as well. The only bad thing is the location sucks being in one of the grimmest casino of Vegas. Also no matter what you will have to wait even if half the place is empty I guess its a ploy to get you to gamble. The BBQ experience also gets tainted by the fact there is no door separating the overwhelming cigarette odor from the casino.  When you can't smell the BBQ over the second hand smoke there is a problem I get its Vegas but come on.
5	Totally love this Casino !! Always hit it up when I first come to town. Great Beer, The wheat is my fav and the food is always great !! My wife loves the fried Chicken and I have too many Favs to list! The pizza place has huge slices, always an easy fix but dont forget the beer and hay their price on a 20 oz beer is cheap so tip these hard working people and your glass will never go dry, I wish I was there right now !!!
5	We were in town for a little over a week and stayed at the Flamingo this time. I must say this little hole in the wall place won us over! We were insisted that we give this place a try the next time we were in Vegas and I'm very glad we did. I think we actually came here to eat five times during our stay. Steak and eggs for breakfast was excellent. For the low price I expected a fatty little slice but that was far from what we received. The dinner special was even more incredible. A good size portion of trimmed steak, potato, vegetable, dinner roll, and a tall beer for under $10??? Bang for the buck I dare you find a better value in all of Vegas
5	WOW. what a best kept secret.  steak,  potato,  green beans,  salad and a sour dough dinner roll. along with a 20 oz. draft beer for $8.99. very tasty and very goodand service from Karla was the best.
4	We always stop by Ellis Island for the half ribs, half chicken combo. IT IS POWERFUL! Guaranteed overload on food. In reality, there is enough food for two meals. After we leave Ellis Island, we make a quick stop next door at the 7-11 to pick up a couple gallons of water to combat waking up in the middle of the night dehydrated from all the booze.
5	Great ribs and chicken plate. Large serving and well made. Will come back over and over. Cheap price for portions.
4	My adventure to get to Ellis Island was quite memorable. My friend and I were on the search for food and wanted steak and eggs. (who doesn't love steak and eggs at 4AM in the morning??) I started yelping stuff and we ended up at Gold Coast. Couldn't even find steak and eggs there! It was a TGIF (major fail and a waste of a taxi ride!) I yelped again and found Ellis Island so we decided to take another taxi ride over there. This place is right behind Bally's (where we were staying) and definitely walkable. Service was nice and the food was definitely worth the $6.99 (?) we paid for? haha that night is still a little blurry and I can't remember exactly how much we paid. But it was definitely comparable to Bill's steak and eggs (our usual spot). Now that we know where to go for late night steak and eggs in Vegas we won't have to waste taxi rides driving around looking for one. And the plus side is, they're open 24 hours!!
5	Finally, somewhere near the strip where you don't feel like you're getting ripped off! What a gem! Phenomenal steak and egg breakfast for $5.99. We ate there twice on this last trip and wished we ate there more. So affordable and so delicious. Servers and casino staff are all helpful and friendly, really puts a positive start to your morning. Oh, and their blackjack pays out 3:2! Fancy find in that so close to the strip!
5	Really good food for low price, Good casino, nice staff members.. shuttle driver was very helpful.. even won a little cash:)I try to stop and by here every time I'm in vegas..
4	i can't say that if we had other plans (or with women) that we would've made the effort to come here for the $8.99 steak special. but, it was March Madness weekend with the boys, so, who cares! on the back side of Bally's, Ellis Island reminds me of Casino Royale. dungy and old and cheesy, but, Oh So Vegas. this is the type of institution that Oshea's and Bill's used to be, till they turned their noses up and became snooty. small and basic with slots and bj/roulette/craps and also a sportsbook. lively spot, probably cause of MM. the hard part was having to sign up for the player's card to get the steak. the line was long, and you still had to wait for a table for 40mins at the cafe. but, and this ain't no lie.... it was worth it. man, i started with the house salad with ranch. it was at Denny's quality. soooo effing good! the steak was a pretty good size and cooked to your liking. easy on the season with A1 on the table. oh, and they also give you a beer with the steak special. the house brewed Heffeweizen was really good. overall, a really worthwhile meal for $8.99 and old school vegas vibe. might be a litle too far for us to come back again to. but, who knows. give it a shot, at the least for the steak special.
4	Apparently this is where all the locals go. I think we were recommended this place by our cab driver. Anyway, we had just been dropped off, walked in , and was confused as hell. Of course it's a casino when you walk in! Where's the restaurant? My bf asked a security guard "where's Ellis island?" And this guy looked at him like he was a crazy person. Not cool man! Anyway, we found it like right in front of us. For some reason I think we just didn't know what to expect and it looks like a little cafe or something. So we put our names in for a twenty min wait. It was actually pretty packed. Waited at the bar and laughed at the old people karaoke-ing. So now for the food. They have French onion soup!! Also got a steak, which was good too. The prices were amazingly cheap and the food was pretty damn good. And hey, in my book any place that has French onion soup is a winner. The service was laid back and quick. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Ellis Island is old school Vegas,but if you want bang for buck in a smokey dark local feeling venue,it can not be beat.Prime rib,baked potato and green beans and a 20oz craft brew for the same price as a starter at a swanky joint,I'm in.Cynthia was our server,big screens everywhere showing sports,brewery on site..a true gem,if your not too swanky.
5	Excellent food, beer and gaming. The food and drink prices are super cheap. The steak meal was amazing. They also have a cool karaoke bar.
4	Try the Players Card 8.99 steak special.  Best green beans I've ever had. Good steak,  great prime rib option too.
5	Went to Vegas for the NAB Show 2014 and was told by cabbie to try it out. Read several reviews describing EI as 'Old School'. It was a fun eating gambling and drinking experience. $2 beers, $8.99 steak dinner and mix in good friends and a great time was had by all. Go, it's worth the trip!
5	Great inexpensive place for breakfast. We stayed at the Bellagio and two coffees and two bagels was $22.00! Heard about Ellis Island- short 14 min walk from the hotel. Great All American breakfast firm two about $29.00. Absolutely worth the walk.
5	Oh Ellis Island, the name and the location say it all. It's not classy, it's not fancy, it's vegas bargain and foodie delights all wrapped into one! I can always count on delicious steak and eggs with some of the best potatoes i've ever tasted always available 24-hours a day. I have had lunch here once too and it was equally good. Somebody said that this place was Jankey and it is and I love it! Thanks for fulfilling the need of food after long questionable nights in vegas.
5	If you're looking for cheap but good food, a friendly staff and a no bling casino, this is the place. I went there for the $8.99 steak dinner but stayed to gamble a bit and was not disappointed. The cut of meat was delicious, I ordered mine medium to medium rare, and they did it perfectly. The split pea soup was homemade and included meat from ham hocks(!), and the mashed potatoes and gravy were yummy. Throw in a 20 ounce beer brewed on site and it's the deal of the century. I had so much steak left over (I'm a small eater) I took it back to my room and the next morning 4 of us shared it as a snack. I signed up for their players card and got my $10 free play which was parlayed into a small winnings that covered the cost of dinner with some change left over. The staff was friendly at the bar and restaurant. We didn't stick around for the karaoke but everyone there said it was usually a good time.
1	Myself and my group of friends had heard about karaoke and we just had to check it out, it was my friend's birthday and we were excited to have some fun. It was loud, packed and pretty crazy, but that was the fun part. What wasn't fun was telling the waitress I wanted one drink: our party had ordered 4 appetizers along with beers, and I'm sure she was extremely busy and overworked, but when someone asks to pay for ONLY their drink to leave and work at 6am, ends up waiting another 30 minutes for the drink check and her card returning with the full amount of the bill and nothing but your word that "there's a 5$ minimum so I put the whole bill on there without your permission", fun stops there. I won't be returning and I realize that if I want to have a decent time, I'll stay the hell away from the lazy people at Ellis Island who charges just so they don't have to split up a bill and who don't even have the decency to inform you how much they're putting on your card. I'm entirely sure that's illegal as well.
5	It's a dive casino. I wasn't expecting too much as far as dinner goes. We were drinking and needed some food. We stopped at the cafe but it was full. Little did I know there's a new BBQ joint in there. The host was playing it up as the best!! Hard to imagine but we went for it anyways. Holy hell!! It was delicious. For $11.99 I got 1/2 a chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, whole corn on the Cobb, loaf of garlic bread, cole slaw and beans. It was served on a platter. I couldn't eat that much if I tried but ohhhhh we tried. I was amazed and would actually drive there just for that food again. Loved it!!
4	Much to my surprise it was actually quite difficult finding a good karaoke spot in Vegas on a week day. We looked around and saw Ellis Island was having karaoke on Wednesday night, so we figured we give it a shot. The cab driver kinda laughed when he picked us up at the Hard Rock Hotel and we said that's where we wanted to go. The casino is a total dive. Dim lighting inside with an overwhelming rush of smoke. We got there early so we decided to have dinner in the bar while we waited for the show. Turns out the food was fantastic! Probably the cheapest and best food we had the whole time in Vegas! I ordered a club sandwich and my boyfriend had fish & chips. The portions were huge and very reasonably priced and delicious. Luckily we got there early because this place packs up! Seems like it was the type of bar where alot of locals like to hang out, so we felt right at home. The service... sucked. We had to go up to the bar and wait a long time to order a drink but at least they weren't overpriced. The karaoke crowd is a very appreciative bunch and we had a blast!
5	It was suggested I try this place out by a foodie friend. If it wasn't for him, I would have not dared venture here. Upon parking, it seemed like I was entering a seedy motel off the strip. It's on Koval Rd. off of Flamingo. Entering the place, there were old people smoking and drinking and a bunch of bikers. Sort of like something out of a movie set where they'd murder you and throw your body out in the dumpster. Scary...Finally found the brewery in the back and was anxious to try their half fried chicken and beer. What I discovered was fantastic! A whole half of a chicken was freshly coated and fried. So tasty and crispy! Came with some fries and a pickle. There was so much chicken I couldn't finish it all. Then came a 16 oz beer for...wait for it...under a dollar! You could pick any of their brews. I don't remember the name of the brew I picked but it was a tasty dark stout like brew.There are other amazing foods on their menu, such as fresh sandwiches and hot entrees. All for under $10.00. My chicken plate was only $5.99! A super steal for a great meal. Don't be scared by the demographics of the customers here. The food and restaurant was nice and clean. No one mugged me or bothered me, and my rental car wasn't stolen in the end.
3	This update is for the BBQ restaurant. I had the ribs & chicken combo, which was very good. Loved the BBQ sauce, and the meat was served hot!They are generous with side dishes- beans, cole slaw, corn AND garlic bread. All for $11.99- can't beat that! Beer is $2.25, a quarter more than at the bars. Very noisy on the Tuesday evening we were there.
5	We love the rack of ribs as we have been going here for years and they just get better and better!  Great price, tender baby rack ribs and house made Root Beer!  YUM!  We visit quite often and glad to say their service is fantastic as well! This is a casual place where you can relax and get your fingers dirty with some really good BBQ.  It is a small place so we advise getting there early before they fill up.
5	Place has yummy food at dirt cheap prices.  Need I say more?  The IPA was pretty good, too.Skip the big hotels restaurants and buffets, take a walk and come here.
4	Back again on Sunday! OMG just as delish as ever! My all time fave BarBque!! The ribs melt in your mouth! Beans are good cole slaw good! What more can I say! Oh $13.99...WOW!!
4	Great micro brewery and casino located on the streets behind the strip. The offer true pints of house brewed beer for $2. They even make their own root beer, which is my poison.  The beer and root beer both stay fizzy until the last drop. The place itself inside is sort of old and dingy looking, but that is part of the charm. I hear the restaurant is amazing. I prefer to eat at the Metro Pizza place inside, but the restaurant was packed full of people and I do believe there is a wait list for the ribs. This is a great place to come if you are looking for an experience away from the busy strip.
2	$5.99 steak and eggs from 11pm-11am!We came here on a Friday night, a group of 6, for some steak and eggs. I found this place on yelp and it had really high reviews so I had to come and try it for myself! We came here a little after 11pm, just in time when they start serving steak and eggs. We walked up to the restaurant and saw a lot of empty tables so we thought that it was a pretty slow night. However, when we went up to the host, she said rudely that the wait was about 30 minutes with another party of 6 ahead of us. We were all confused to why we have to wait so long because there was so many open tables. I thought maybe not enough servers? But still, 30 mins??So we waited and our pager finally buzzed. I was so happy and excited! As I followed the same host to our table, I said "the wait is actually not that bad!" but she pretended that I didn't exist and ignored me -__-. So I ordered the $5.99 steak and eggs, medium well. We didn't wait too long until we got our food and the first bite of the steak was delicious! I was so excited to get to the center where its the most juiciest! However, they over cooked my steak to the point it was so dry and it was so hard to eat, like a well done x2 steak T_T. I couldn't even enjoy it nor finish it so I gave the rest to my boyfriend since he wanted it. The steak was so overcooked that the next morning my boyfriend woke up with his jaw sore from chewing the steak LOL!! I laughed so hard that morning hahaha. My friends ordered medium rare and it came out looking like medium. So yeah, my experience wasn't that great however the potatoes and the egg was good and our server was amazing! He was so nice and friendly to us unlike the host. I'm willing to give this place another try but make sure I order medium rare.
5	Excellent casino and steak.Cab driver mentioned is on the way in from the airport when I asked about good, cheap eats. Decided to head over and wasn't disappointed. They have reasonable table limits so you can stretch your gambling money if you just want to play a little for a cheap price. It's not a big casino but they have all the major games covered. The real star of the show is the 8.99 steak special. For nine bucks you get a 10 oz steak, baked potato, salad, green beans, and a beer of your choice. I expected the steak to be a thin, cheap, grisly piece of meat. But it was actually a nice cut that was cooked perfectly. If you don't have a players card the price is 11.99 and it doesn't come with a beer. It's still a good deal at that price. Our server was nice enough to let us use an extra voucher that he had, and that made it even better.
4	Arrived in Vegas a little later due to plane delayed in S.F., CA after flying from JFK in NY. My brother and sister in-law wanted to rest in our condo at the Desert Club Resort. My wife and me wanted to get some good bar food and drinks and maybe decent music to listen to. We didn't want to go to a huge casino and deal with all that or get dressed up, or have to travel to far. Well we checked yelp, and Ellis island seemed to be worth a shot, since it was only about 1 mile from our resort/condo. We arrive and was skeptical before going inside. Looked questionable. However once we went inside and settled at bar. Things seemed to be OK. Casino is a little run down, but prices are cheap for food and drinks and food is pretty good. I had 3/ 22oz house  Belgian white drafts with an orange slice, several shots of lemon drops, a huge Quesadilla, and my wife had about 3 or 4 mixed drinks. We were ready to go and turned to each other to guess what our bill would be. I guessed $100 she said $80. Our bill came and it was only $48. We thought something was missing, as it is Vegas which=expensive usually. We left a $13 tip and left. This is a local no frills Casino/bar/karaoke/diner/pizza place that brews some of its own beer. Good place to go to for a cheap night out, or before you hit the strip at night and spend more money. Check it out give it a chance.
4	Great if you like diner food cheap.  They are always busy and ALWAYS have great specials.  Their steak meal special is amazing.  Always kinda a classic place to stop for breakfast in Las Vegas.  Located just behind the strip it makes it easy to get to! Had biscuits and gravy and it was ok.  Basic omelettes.
5	$5.99 late night steak and eggs. If you can't afford that you must have gambled too hard or fell in love with a stripper.We went around midnight and there was no wait to get seated. In fact there was almost nobody else there. It was a Sunday night though. The food came out at a reasonable time. I ordered medium rare for my steak and it came out exactly how I wanted it. And with a big bottle of A1 sauce by my side I could not have asked for a better dinner.
5	This place was great, the food excellent, the service excellent, portion size HUGE. We will definitely come back here while in Vegas. Forgot to take pictures we were so hungry.
3	This review is for the karaoke hosted in the lounge."Jeremy, you're up. Jeremy, come to the stage. Jeremy? Going, going, gone!""Sarah, come to stage. It's your time to sing, Sarah. Sarah? Okay, who's next?""Fallon! Let's get Fallon up here ladies and gentlemen! No Fallon? Moving on.""Arthur, you ready bud?! Where's Arthur at? Arthur's not here?"Okay, you get my point, this place is a disorganized mess when it comes to karaoke. For every five or six names called to sing on a Friday night, maaaaaybe one or two of them were actually there to sing. The same name would often get called within a few songs of each other and you have no idea any kind of time frame that you may actually get your turn to jump on stage. This could easily be remedied with a chalkboard or even a maintained signup sheet on a clipboard where past singer's name are checked off as they sing. Is the concept revolutionary? Heck no, but it works even at the crummiest karaoke bars that I've been to. Two hours and six cocktails later and I still didn't get a shot at stardom at Ellis Island. Three stars earned for an overall great crowd...
4	Excellent!  This spot reminds me of a dive bar back home.  Great bartenders, cheap food and drink, and a great air of locals.  Had the IPA which was awesome, definitely coming back to try some of the others.
5	wow....  What a nice surprise.Good Service .... good Food ... GREAT PRICE.3.99 gets you two eggs ... breakfast potatoes ... and toast ....The potatoes were so hot and crispy ...   I ate them all.   Thanks.
4	So this is a complete and total dive.  The whole operation from the casino to the restaurant(s).  And it's WONDERFUL.  The Prime rib was great, but my husband had a hamburger that apparently had bacon ground into it - it was unbelievable.  It's super cheap, and I think that 4 adults and 2 kids ate (and drank) for about $120 total.
5	I only come here to eat at the cafe. I have eaten here a bunch of times and there is not one bad thing I can say about this place. Great place where all the locals go. The quantity and quality of food you get is great and it's very affordable. I have had the fish & chips, the philly dip, the steak, fried shrimp dinner, and I dont even know what else and it's all been beyond my expectations and the service is great. The craft beers are good too. I've eaten at the bbq place as well and while it was good too, I like the cafe better. The ribs I got were delicious but all the sides were awful. I just came here this past weekend (5/10) and in my drunken state, left my wallet here with all my money and credit cards and my ID!! What an idiot... luckily I remembered I came here and called them up the next day and sure enough they had it... THANK GOD!! All the cash was gone but whatever I was just happy they had it. THANK YOU ELLIS
3	$5.99 steak and eggs? Yup! This is the perfect spot to chow down after a night on the strip (or a long night at the tables). I don't recall seeing this special on the menu so you would need to mention it to your server and they'll happily take your order down.Don't expect great service as this is a no frills type of joint. For nearly the same price as a meal from a fast food joint, you cannot go wrong. Grab yourself a pint of their in-house brews to wash down all the grease from the food! From what I remember, they were only a couple dollars each.Cheers to a carnivore meal and decent brews!
5	My wife and I stay at Bally's when in Las Vegas. Ellis Island is on Koval Ln which is the next main N-S east of the strip, not a bad walk at all. This review is for the breakfast only as we only played slots briefly following breakfast. The omelets were large and cooked to perfection. The fried potatoes are excellent and you get lots of them. Wait service was friendly and very adequate. Do yourselves a favor, walk a short distance and get a great breakfast for 2 for a fraction of what you pay at a strip restaurant.
3	The steak was ok for the price. Yeah I could of paid $40 for a good steak at the strip. But when your in a budget this place is not that bad.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!! I come here every time I'm in Vegas. This place is the bomb! You can get an entire meal, including steak, potatoes, salad, and a beer for $7! You just tell them you want the steak special. I've been coming here for years ever since my family and I discovered it about 8 years ago. They are open 24/7 so you can get dinner anytime you want, which is perfect for Vegas. If there's a wait for your table there's a bar inside the casino where you can sing karaoke. And you can also gamble to kill time. They have slots, black jack, craps, you name it.It's such a little dive but it's great. I can rave about Ellis Island all day. I tell all my friends about it and they love it too! A true hidden gem in Vegas. :)
2	Quick tip: Way too far to walk from central strip. Make sure to take a cab.We came sober (mistake!) and went for the 8.99 steak + beer. Mehhhhh. I could barely stomach the steak, which had absolutely no flavor, but the mashed potatoes and gravy were pretty good. I probably would not come back unless I was lit.
3	The casino, is old and run down. We decided to head over here for some late night karaoke.. When we arrived it was a bit different from what I'm use to. The karaoke part was great! People singing great songs and dancing their booties off but the hotel was old and very run down. On the brighter note, the food was great and the prices were very cheap. If you're visiting Las Vegas and you're on a budget, I'd stay here for 2 reasons.. 1 being the food and the cost of the hotel and 2 being the after hours karaoke joint.
4	Ellis Island is great for a good meal at a great value.  It is worth wandering off "the Strip" to find this place.
5	Great place to eat with family if you want some steak and prime ribs !! Very good food would be great if they had asperges .Service was good , prime ribs come with free beer and soup for $13.99 cheapest and best tasting prime ribs I had and beer was great also !!We ate 6 people and it was only $60 buck$$!
3	This is a very casual place...a hidden gem if you will. Ellis island is a brewery too so you will have very cheap beer prices for very good beer!! The BBQ food here is simply 100% super delicious! The casino may not be pretty and the clientele may make you think twice about coming but hands down this place serves some quality grub!! Oh and if you get hammered enough they have Karaoke too!I'm not too positive about the Super 8 motel attached to it though.......I get the Bates Motel vibe
5	My family and I were having a reunion in LV. A former cabbie in LV told me how great this place was. He was right on the money. Great food, beer and service just one block off the strip.GO!!
4	I'm a prime rib fan and was in search for some good prime rib on my vacation.I ordered medium rare prime rib and my husband ordered medium steak. My prime rib is tender but a little over done. It is more like medium well. The prime rib meal came with a big glass of beer which which was good and refreshing. My husband's steak is not so good. It came out well done and he didn't finish it. Maybe it's just a bad day in the kitchen.
5	I do love me some Ellis Island!! Went to dinner with family. I had chicken parmesan it's always delicious!! My aunt and uncle both had the $8.99 steak special. Steak was cooked perfect and it looked really good. For $8.98 can't beat the price!! Service was excellent! My aunt thought I was crazy for ordering chicken parmesan there lol but she was pleasantly surprised how good it was!!
4	3:15am 5.99 steak and eggs... yes please... my family didn't like their steaks but I enjoyed mine... i ordered medium, they ordered medium well... Oh and the toast was perfect... order wheat
5	This is going to be our new Vegas steak and eggs spot. $5.99 for 8oz steak and eggs you can't find a better deal.
4	This is very casual and inexpensive place, no frills and the food is good. Not far from the strip (walking distance). The staff is super friendly and make you feel welcome. I had the prime rib special and it was cooked perfect and the prices are soooo good.
4	Came to the Karaoke Bar to knock out some tunes for my friend's bachelorette party.  We rolled in with 12 Girls and basically took over the bar.  They have a couple of large tables right in front of the stage and we grabbed one.  Be careful not to get there after 8:30pm,because it filled up quick after we got there on a recent Friday night.The Staff was nice enough to let us have some pizzas from the Casino delivered at our table.  They were patient with us having separate checks and several rounds of drinks (amazing!).  The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the song selection was not that great.  Otherwise- and AWESOME, budget friendly thing to do, right off the strip.
4	I don't live here but if I did I would come here to dine at least once a week. The craft brew is really good and fairly priced. The food (both dinner and breakfast) portions are really large and the quality of the food is good. If you are visiting Vegas don't get sucked into the overpriced local casino food. Try your first meal here - if you don't like it you're out maybe $12? Good luck finding casino food with the sort of price tag. Chances are you'll come back just like we did.
5	Love this place, it can get very busy. But worth the wait. I eat here twice a day when I'm out in Vegas.... Great prices too.!!
3	I came here for the Steak and Eggs special, but I was a hour too late! Alas...but all was not lost, because the prices for the rest of their menu items were still extremely reasonable for being right off the strip.  Food quality is not that great, but still on par with your typical diner food.  Chicken Fried Steak ($8.99): Served with green beans, choice of potatoes, and soup or salad.  The steak was SUPER salty, and I couldn't finish it.  The sides were okay, but it would be hard to mess those up.  ~ 2 Brownie Thing ($4.99): Indulgent dessert that consists of a brownie topped with ice cream, whipped cream, and walnuts.  Good way to round out your meal, but it's also nothing out of the ordinary. ~ 3I'll probably come back here the next time I'm in Vegas because it's hard to find decently priced food on the strip, but next time, I'll be on time for the breakfast.  Food: 2, Service: 3, Environment: 3, Price: 5
5	$5.99 steak and eggs. Wait, WHAT?! You really can't beat this deal! Steak, eggs, potatoes to your liking, and your choice of toast. 11PM-11AM is the magic time. But wait, there's more! $9.99 and you'll get a drink of your choice(handcrafted root beer or a ice cold glass of their microbrew) and a steak dinner. You can't ask for more! Love coming to this place!
5	Just finished the steak and eggs breakfast. You can't beat it for value. I'll be coming here every time I'm in Vegas.
4	The whole joint is a dive in a good way.Cheap eats cheap strong drinks and entertaining clientele. Metro Pizza inside too. Use to have 2for1 pies Thurs nights.Restaurant and BBQ special both A-OK.
5	Absolutely one of the best places in Vegas to eat.   It's just off the strip behind Bally's.  We had a bartender, Robo,  and was the friendliest ever!  The steak and eggs is $9.99 and All other breakfast items were less.  Bloody Mary's were super, and of course their beers are too.  Don't expect a lavish gourmet experience,  but don't think this is truck stop fare either.  Just get yourself in here for some excellent food at lower than average Vegas prices.
2	I went to Ellis Island one time a few years ago when I was out one night on the strip. I think they had karaoke and Metro Pizza. That was the reason we stopped in. I really don't remember much from that night. I do remember drinking many beers there though. Anyways, I recently stopped back at Ellis Island for breakfast the other morning because some people I know said they had good steak and eggs.Ellis Island is on Koval Ln just South of Flamingo Road. It is connected to a Super 8 Motel or a Hotel 8. It's something like that. I know there is an 8 in the name. You don't need to know the hotel name anyways. I am sure it is not on my list of hotels I would like to stay at. Like I said, we are talking about the corner of Flamingo and Koval. If your from Vegas you know what I mean.As far as the casino goes....not somewhere I would gamble, that is if I gambled. It is a very small casino and it looks like it should be located on Flamingo and Koval. I think I saw 2 pits in there. They also have some slot machines like every other building in this city. There is a bar in the middle of the casino that is a local favorite for many employees of neighboring casinos in the area. There is also a very small Metro Pizza location there. It is also a brewery, so they have a section where they brew and store their beer. It is a very old place and the decor is out dated.Oh yeah. Steak & eggs. The reason I stopped in there. It was $5.99 for a New York Strip, eggs, potatoes, and toast. The steak was not grass fed dry aged steak by any means, but it was okay for a $5.99 breakfast. I have had worse steaks at much nicer restaurants that costed me at least twice as much, so taking the cost of the breakfast in to consideration....I got what I paid for. I also had scrambled eggs, country potatoes, and toast. All of which were okay. Again, $5.99.I would recommend  stopping in for breakfast at Ellis Island once in a while if you work in the area. It is not a place I would drive out of my way to eat at though.
4	Good service and great food in this dump of a casino. Everyone is very friendly and I would recommend the prime rib
5	Looking at this place from the outside, it doesn't look like much. You have to walk thru a smoke filled casino but once you get to the cafe, it's nice. Now I came here solely based on everyone's photo of this $5.99 steak and eggs special. I was surprised to see that the menu said $9.99. I know the price hasn't shot up that much since most of the photos on here are recent. My wife and I were about to leave when our waitress informed us of the special. Later on I asked the waitress why it doesn't say $5.99 on the menu. Basically so they don't run out if everyone orders it which makes sense. So don't leave if you don't see it on the menu, just ask your server. I have to say the steak was outstanding. I was going into this thinking it was going to be a dried out, overcooked, tough steak. Boy was I mistaken. It was a flame grilled moist NY strip steak. I order my steak medium well and it was cooked perfect. I would border to say it was steakhouse quality. It came with toast, scrambled eggs and hash Browns and that wasn't bad either. It was the deep fried hash Browns and scrambled eggs so it's not hard to mess those up. But to get all of that for $5.99 in Vegas is crazy. I also talked with my waitress and she said they have some 4 course sirloin steak meal for $11.99 at dinner too so if you go for dinner, ask about that.
3	Whenever we're in Vegas, we always crave steak & eggs.  Why?  Because its satisfying for any meal of the day! Whether it be breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night meal after clubbing... its always good.  However, it does depend on where you go.  We usually go to Ellis Island because the steak & eggs is cheap and usually good.  I prefer the steak & eggs from Tuscany but they only serve it at a cheap price super late at night-early morning...but anyways here is my review for the food.I ordered steak and eggs.  I asked for my meat medium rare, sunny-side up and wheat slices of bread.  Nothing to complain about it.  My steak was cooked to how I wanted it to be and there was barely any fatty pieces to it which is a definite plus.  I hate when I ordered steak somewhere and a good portion of my meat is actually just fat... so stars for that! Plus, even though the size of the meat was small, it was actually really thick so it filled me up quick!  However I do I wish they gave more potatoes with my meal because I LOVE POTATOES.  I always eat some of my boyfriends too because I finish mine so fast. lol  I usually can never finish everything so my boyfriend finishes whats leftover for me :)  (That's what boyfriends are for! hehe jk :)) Service is usually okay.. This past weekend however, we came during dinner time on a Sat night and the food took pretty long for it come out which was a bummer because I was starving! But its okay, understandable since we did have to wait for a table and all, meaning they were busier than when we usually come. If you're craving a cheap but good meal, come to Ellis Island for steak and eggs! (:I'm not sure about the other items on the menu because I've only gotten the same thing everytime I've come.
4	Ribs were amazing, brewed Root beer was amazing. Corn, beans and garlic bread were terrible but the ribs were amazing.
4	I wanted to take my family, five adults, to a good eatery our first night back in Vegas w/o breaking the bank.  THIS IS THE PLACE!  Where else can you get a generous cut of rime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, veggies, and a 20 oz beer for just over $15/pp?  The meat was cooked perfectly, tender, couldn't believe it!  I got out of there for $76 less tip.  And if you prefer steak, it's even less!  This place does show it's age, but if you can set aside the frills and you're looking for a great meal at a great price, beer included, Ellis Island is a must.  And to top it all off, they provide shuttle service to get you there & back (please tip the driver).  Give this place a chance and judge for yourself.
3	$5.99 steak and eggs was a steal and pretty good. Service friendly but slow especially considering they weren't too busy. I would go back though. Cafe was modern looking and clean.
4	$5.99 steak and eggs for breakfast with potatoes and toast.  Steak and eggs were cooked as ordered.  Great meal for the money.
4	Great hole in the wall in Vegas! Tried dark and light beer and both are awesome! The service is pretty slow like what everyone specified on there reviews but the servers are really friendly and nice. Fish and chips is a good option for people who doesn't eat meat. But the family got $8.99 for a top sirloin, soup or salad, potatoes, veggies and beer or root beer. I can't complain. This place is a great find:)
5	Great food at great prices!!! I'm glad we found this place,  what a gem! The special steak dinner was delicious,  then we came here again for breakfast and had the steak and eggs for $9.99.
4	I had the NY steak, mashed potatoes, and salad. For $12, that's a nice, filling meal. Service was great and our waitress was friendly, but they gave us medium-rare steaks the first time as opposed to the well done we ordered; this meant an extra 15 min wait. Ellis Island is also a brewery, and they serve decent beer at a reasonable price. I don't know anywhere else that sells beer at $2.50 a pint. All in all, other than the mix-up with our steaks, this place is great.
2	This joint got great overall reviews here on Yelp as well as Trip Advisor. Now I concede- if you're paying $5.99 for breakfast, don't expect Gordon Ramsey fare.  I came here because after 4 days of paying obscene prices to eat a meal on the strip (e.g. $5 for A SLICE of pizza), my pocketbook needed a break. Moreover, after my class I wanted breakfast, and it was after 11 AM on a Saturday.  Now in New York you can get breakfast 24/7, no problem.  & GOOD breakfast at that.  On the Vegas strip you better get breakfast by 11 AM, and brunch fare is very limited.  I don't get this in a non-stop party city like Vegas that you can't get breakfast anytime of day any day of the week, but at least on the weekend. Smdh, but I digress.....So my son found this joint that serves breakfast until 2 PM, & I really, really liked the prices.  It's a decent walk off the beaten path, and hence can feel a little unsafe.  But being from Brooklyn, it takes a bit more than that to scare me, but I digress.... Moreover, if you're from New York City you know: sometimes the greatest tasting food comes out of the biggest holes-in-the-wall; look at this Caridad restaurant by Woodhull Hospital in Bushwick, or Angie's Breakfast Spot also in Bushwick.  Anyway, I kept an open mind.You have to pass through the small, dingy, smoke-filled casino to get to the dining area.  Mind you all public spaces in New York indoor areas, and even some outdoor spaces, are smoke-free & have been so for many years, so I am unaccustomed to eating around smoke.  As the dining area was not enclosed, the faint odors of tobacco is always present everywhere, including the dining area.We had an expected 30 to 40 minute wait, and was seated about 45 minutes later.  My son ordered an egg white cheese omelet.  Problem #1:  egg WHITE.  I ordered safe: bacon & eggs.  Can't mess that one up. Our food came within a reasonable amount of time. What they gave my son was some round, pancake-shaped mass of (WHOLE) egg with 2 slices of what looked like Kraft cheese singles on top (!) (?).  So essentially he didn't get what he ordered, but I was not surprised that they would not understand how to separate out the yolk, and would not be the least bit surprised if they never ever had a customer request egg whites (only). & what the hell, a cheese omelet with the cheese on the OUTSIDE??  I cannot make this stuff up... Good thing he also ordered French toast, although I don't think that was anything to write home about either. Now my food was just that: scrambled eggs, uninspired but tasty enough albeit slightly greasy bacon, these weird potato things that taste ok/pretty good (probably microwaved from frozen), and toast that was heavily buttered and textured like styrofoam.  I get it: my breakfast was $5.99, and the whole bill with drinks and extra sides was $23 in total (I almost always tip 20%).  It wasn't like Wolf Gang Puck was back there slinging hash, but like I said before: in New York you can get some absolutely delicious food that is super cheap, so cheap you can feed your whole small family, and it's like you're stealing it-- you know what I'm saying" like a whole steamy, juicy, tasty rotisserie chicken from the Dominican Spot with Arroz y gandules or frijoles and/or Maduros for like $10.  And you leave the table rubbing your belly like, "Damn!" Swearing you're not going to eat for a year because you ate long after you were full because the food was That Good.  And you don't have to go to Gordon Ramsey's Steak either.  Anyway, my point is that the dining experience was blah at best, more like peculiar, and just nauseating at worst.  It wasn't that the food tasted bad, but was not enjoyable. & although you do get what you pay for, that certainly does not hold true necessarily with the New York dining experience (& so I am a bit spoiled!).  Much better food can be found at IHOP, and even Denny's I'd bet, for a few extra dollars.
3	Would have left a better review except we waited for 45 minutes to be seated, just to find out we were seated 10 minutes after they stop serving breakfast so I didn't get what I came for. It would have been nice to be told we were going to miss the breakfast menu,  we would have gone elsewhere. The food was still great,  service just ok.  At least the food was above average,  well above average.
4	Gets the job done .had a Weiss and a light beer ... Got me buzzed and I think I've had enough ;)unpasteurized beer is good for you in moderation .
4	Best karaoke bar in vegas. Try the stout. It's delicious.
4	On the menus it said "best brewery in Nevada by the Nevada Brewing Association" or something similar. I believe it, the Heff was amazing! The rest of the food was 5 stars as well, only overall the atmosphere was meh and casino-y. Our group ordered the no-carb chicken, fish and chips (2), a side of baked potato, and two sides of coleslaw. Every single dish was top quality, as good as the best of any you've had. Baked potato was perfectly cooked, and the others' dishes were large-portioned and delicious. Everyone was sharing. Even the waitress was super friendly and didn't talk too much, she seemed experienced and no-fuss. The only downside was that we walked from the Strip, and it was farther than it seemed!!
4	Pretty good fare for pretty great prices. Nothing to really write home about, but the portions are wonderfully huge. Got the ham and eggs breakfast for, I believe 6.99, and the ham steak covered almost the entire plate! Good portion of eggs, lots of potatoes and great toast. Hubby had the Reuben special and said it was amazing! Over all, the place was small, the casino was kind of sleazy, but the food was good. A short walk from the middle of the strip, so not bad at all! They serve a 24/7 breakfast menu (that is limited) but I hear you can't get that on the strip anywhere really.$20 for "brunch"-me breakfst, him lunch. Can't beat that.
4	Fun fun fun!I always wondered where karaoke was in Vegas, and now I know!  There is a large selection of songs which is nice.  Their cocktails are STRONG, good news folks!We ate at the cafe part, accidentally thinking it was the BBQ area which is where we intended to eat, but that didn't mean the food was bad, it was delicious.  The staff was friendly and the ambience was very kick back and relaxed, not too terribly dive-y.  I was told this was a dive bar so I was definitely expecting more dive, teehee. My biggest critique was that the song book was arranged by song title, not artist.  However that's a personal preference.  I'd totally go back here.
1	I had come to EI a few years before and loved it. The charm wore off.   What I didn't like: 1. It looked run down, maybe a little bit dirty.  2. The food was right from the freezer into the fryer. I had some shrimp thing and a heavily salted French dip. It was cheap, but sat in my stomach for the rest of the day. 3. They were running some scam where if you joined the players club and played a dollar you got free play or something. After jumping through a few hoops and completing the requirements I was told I wasn't eligible because I had signed up a few years previously. They couldn't tell me that before I completed the requirements for some reason. 4. When I tried to get the rest of my $$ out of the machine it wouldn't work and I had to wait 20 minutes while they called maintenance to get it out. 5. A waitress was complaining loudly about having been robbed by a patron earlier in the day. Made me feel great about being there.
3	Forget the steak, it's about the prime rib.  For ~$14, you get a good size prime rib, choice of potato, and veggies.  The prime rib was flavorful and not overly salty, the green beans were hecka tasty (might be some of the best I've had in a long while), and the steak fries were a little too pale for my taste.  The steak and shrimp (~$12) was edible, but definitely not the highlight of my meal.  Standard stuff I get when I go to Denny's or similar establishments.  BTW, the steak special everyone on Yelp raves about was not on the menu - well, at least I didn't see it.Other important info: The steak and prime rib can be found in the CAFE side and not the BBQ side, the service was too painfully slow (50 mins to get my food), tables are really close together, and apparently they have special root beer which is not listed under their soda section and costs more than soda.
5	First time for me & few times to my son to this place.  The cafe inside this casino looks like a nice meal with reasonable price.The area is like a cafe with booths & tables for 4.The service was very good.  The steak meal is $13 & my fish meal was about $10The taste is good & the size was awesome.
3	Prime rib is really cheap here. Taste wise it was okay. Mashed potatoes was good. Green beans no so much. Forgot to give the free beer they claim to give you. New York steak was okay for price. Not too great though. Not much to say about that.
5	I love this place. Food is delicious and you can't beat steak and shrimp for $11.99!!!
5	The food is great and the beer is FANTASTIC.  $2.00 for delicious beer thats brewed right here on premisis.  I've been coming here for over a decade.  The garlic green beans are a signature side here.There are newer and fancier places to go and eat here in Vegas for sure, but I'd rather eat the first rate food AND gamble the savings for an opportunity to win....  Again!
4	If you like great food at reasonable prices, then this place should be a MUST on your Las Vegas list.  Great value for money and the beer's quality is unbeatable - at a price that is right out of yesteryear.  This is old Vegas, the way it used to be.
3	Signing up for the free membership earns you a $9 (?) steak dinner with a free draft beer and two sides (good for member and 3 guests if I remember correctly). It was as good as you would expect it would be for that price. Food was edible, but not incredible. The beer was respectable, but I would not order two.Location is a modest walk away from the strip, but it is a good value meal for Vegas.
4	Do not let the appearance of the casino deter you away, $5 steak and a pretty decent weiss with a slice of lemon await you. I honestly had no problems with the wait staff, he was very friendly and quick. Maybe it was because we were not falling over drunk and pissing all over the seat that had something to do with it (although I don't judge, it is Las Vegas after all). The salad had no whites, all green with a pretty decent Thousand Island dressing. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted on point which was a surprise. Don't mix up the brewery with the restaurant, keep walking past until you hear people singing off-key!
5	Ate at the bbq place inside and it was amazingly good!! Boyfriend ordered the full rack of ribs for $13.99 and I got half a chicken and half ribs for $11.99. Best deal in town and ribs we're fall of the bone tender! Our waiter was so nice and some the best service I ever gotten anywhere. This is will definitely be our go to bbq spot!
4	Just slightly off the strip, Ellis Island is the place to go for late night steak and eggs. Save yourself the trouble of finding decently priced steak and eggs on the strip and just take a taxi here.For $6.99 you get a nice size piece of not too shabby cooked steak, fried potatoes, and  eggs anyway you like. WITH toast of course :)The wait wasn't too bad either. Quick service. Win Win. Not the best steak, but for that time of day, it will definitely satisfy and post partying cravings you have!
5	This is our favorite go to place to eat in Vegas.   We are locals and we love it here.  The restaurant is the best food in Vegas.   The servers are awesome and I hear the karaoke is awesome although I don't drink so haven't been to the bar but I can hear it from the restaurant and it sounds great.  We just are very thankful for the great deals and the awesome atmosphere.
4	I really enjoyed Ellis Island for it's local beers and great prices. The dinner included a steak and a beer and choice of soup / salad. The atmosphere is calm for being in a casino environment. When I visited there was a slight wait and my buddy and I were able to go and play a couple of hands of blackjack. We won enough to pay for the meal and leave with extra. All in all a good experience that I would recommend for an off the strip local hangout with great pricing.
1	An hour and a half wait to be seated for mediocre food.  I don't think so.  Not happening in this lifetime.
5	Love this place! Players cards have great daily rewards. The food is delicious - especially the ribs and pizza. Bar gets way too crowded - I suggest they add another one. This is where the locals go near The Strip.
1	An hour long wait on a Saturday night for sub par food. They're obviously understaffed. But apparently steak and eggs are good. I don't know, I had the dry chicken and portobello mushrooms.
4	EGGcelent breakfast. Cheap and tasty. But the bacon was pretty bad, dunno how you can mess up on bacon. Cheap er than breakfast on the strip. Our waitress was kinda slow and poorly attentive. Maybe she was super busy... but I'd come back here for sure.
5	So seriously My friend was skeptical that She would like the food judging from the way the place looks, but I posited that all these positive reviews can not be wrong; but ultimately, I made an executive decision to dine here & have their popular prime rib.  I ordered the spicy chicken wings for appetizer.  Let me say that 1 bite of the wings & my friend was sold.  She conceded that the Yelpers were right, the food was good.  I cautioned that we haven't tasted the prime rib yet to which she said she didn't have to because the wings were "that good."  Well, as expected the prime rib was excellent!  I wish they had a better wine list because I prefer a nice bottle of red wine to go with the red meat, especially one as good as this cut.  Oh well, I'll bring my own bottle next time.
5	Four pieces of delicious fried chicken, steak fries, home-made slaw, pint of house IPA, $9.99, including tax.
4	Great place for Barbecue! Old-style casino, dark and close but really quite neat! Great food and great prices in their restaurants. Beer's top-notch and cheap. Somewhat noisy but, what do you expect for a casino!! It's a great value all-around! Have fun!
4	This is one of those places we have to come to every time we come out to Vegas. I've noticed in recent years it has definitely become more busy, which is good for them but unfortunate for me and having to wait. It is barely off the strip, but definitely worth driving to or hopping in a cab....even walk to it if you're the ambitious type!For the price you get a good amount of food and good tasting food too. I've never tried the beer, which is brewed on site, but I've heard great things. I have had their root beer which is also brewed here and it is pretty good.All in all if you are looking for a place for some good food and at a good price this is the place for you.
4	I always love myself a GREAT deal and Ellis Island definitely has won me over.  After Drai's we were wanting a good and inexpensive steak and eggs.  Luckily before hopping into the cab, the attendant had recommended Ellis Island, especially after I told him we were interested in going to Marilynn's for the steak and eggs.  Thanks to that kind gentleman, I now have a new place to go to for $5.99 steak and eggs.  Service was quick and kind, and the steak and eggs wasn't so bad either.  The potatoes could have been better, but because of the great deal, it didn't matter so much to me.  It's not stated in the menu that the steak and eggs is $5.99 but it is.  Ellis Island, I'll gladly spend any buzzed evenings happily eating breakfast with the light entertainment of karaoke singing in the background.
4	The meat taste awesome!!! It's not as fancy but great place to eat!! I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends
4	Oh. Em. Gee.Who would think mere 11.99 could get you a full New York steak and fried shrimps with salad and rice, in a casino around the strip? I read the Yelp reviews but was skeptical until I saw it myself. It was true!It was a decent meat with a decent portion for the price. Not a cheap junk. I even took out leftover with a box!One downside of this place is the long wait - it took 30 minutes to be seated. But now I know why.
4	Great food and prices! The casino doesn't hurt either . Karaoke is popular so beware you will run into a lot of people who think they can sing or just enjoy making a spectacle of themselves!
1	Worst restaurant ever! Stay away... corned beef straight out of the can... old stale toast... and gross slices of cheese on an omelet. Also bring a snack, you will be waiting at least 30 minutes for your food!
5	Hands down best chicken fried steak I've ever had in my life - you also can't beat the portion size and the price. $7.99 for the best breakfast ever. $2.25 huge beers. The waitress was extremely friendly and personable. I would definitely eat here again!
5	Best Chicken and Ribs in town that I have found so far.  They are open 4pm to 10pm every day and some days are more crowded then other but the food is amazing.The prices did go up from when I first started coming here, over the years, the price went from $8.99 for half a chicken and half a slab of ribs to $13.99 for the same plate.  You also get two small ears of corn, bread, cole slaw and beans.  Not a bad price for the amount of food you get even though it went up.The food is still amazing and worth stopping in.  This is a local place and when not real crowded, you can survive here without being smoked, meaning when you leave you don't smell like smoke.  They may have redone their ventilation system here or it just was not crowded on this particular visit, either way, it was great and I recommend this place to anyone who wants to venture out and try some great food.
4	This place was awesome. Great food at a great price. The services was good. Could have used the server stopping by a couple more times since we were a large group.If you are looking for a cheap place to eat with great food, this is a place to try.
5	The steak was the best we had in Vegas.  I can't wait until next time and I won money at the casino.  5
5	Ellis Island is awesome too going to have a nice dinner of BBQ ribs and chicken the food is great and the servers are very friendly and intent to serve food is almost too much for one person if you get the half slab of ribs and have a barbecue chicken the atmosphere is friendly and inviting and I always enjoy going there
4	Had an excellent breakfast at Ellis Island Casino, recommend the Steak and Eggs woooow $5.99 awesome!!! And were not talking a Minny steak, its a New Yaaorrk style!! Loved it, the 45 min. wait was worth it hint hint!
5	Imagine waking into a Denny's but instead of trying to win an ugly stuffed animal from a grabber game, you can play cheap craps and blackjack. What's even better is the food. I ordered the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs and breakfast potatoes. Also, got a side order of pancakes. I ordered the corn beef hash extra crispy. If you prefer crispy textures, order the hash this way. Everything was good, if not really good. The corn beef hash had great flavor and appropriate seasoning (not too salty). The breakfast potatoes were good with a nice crispy pop with each bite. I also was impressed with the pancakes, mostly with the texture. Nice and crispy on the outside and light fluffiness in the outside. An overall great value for food you can eat anytime of the day. Plus, if you're down on your vegas strip, Ellis island is the place to go because it's cheap and where you can overcome your wallows with hit the spot kinda of food.
3	So while the prices is reasonable the service sucks. We waited 30mins just to get our drink order. After tasting the soup and the NY steak it was worth the wait, but come on this is vegas. People are always coming and going you should have a fast wait staff. I wouldn't have yelped this, but after 4 other people after us got seated and served that's just wrong.
2	We use to come with all our friends for their steak special but we were really disappointed the last few times we came.  Never mind the service is slow, the food was not worth the wait.
5	Great ribs, great beer, decent slots. We haven't stayed there but every time were in town we get the ribs and a beer. Not overpriced and very messy but delicious.
4	Steak and eggs that come with two slices of toast and potatoes for just $5.99?! Um, hell yeah. So yeah, they cooked my steak medium when I asked my medium rare but after a night of clubbing and drinking I cannot complain. And did I say that it was $5.99?
5	We wanted to check this place out for Oktoberfest and it was freaking awesome. Unlimited beer, a mug and a shirt for $10 that lasted from 5pm-10pm. We also got dinner for $9.99 and it included apple cobbler. Monica at the bar was great. I don't know how she didn't lose her mind being the only bartender in the karaoke area. They also had a few contests going on like pretzel eating and stein holding. Great night for $20!Also, Yelp was there giving out free stuff and taking pictures. Nate and Tiffany were great!
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #13:the hotel for this joint is the next door Super 8, so that should tell you a lot right there; it is old-school, semi-smoky, and very small; you can walk around the perimeter in 5 minutes (if you're walking slow!); very little to recommend this place except 2 things: eating & drinking!; the Cafe specials are legendary, and they also have a Metro Pizza outlet which is basically just a counter and some tables, but it's hard to beat their quality vs. price ratio on pizzas & strombolis; best of all, they make their own beer here, and it's $2 per pint - yep, that is not a typo - you give the bartender a $10 bill, and he gives you a full pint of amber, stout, pale ale, or whatever, plus $8 of change - it's crazy!; best craft beer bet = well, "craft" beer might be a slight stretch, but they only serve their own homemade juice, and it sure beats macro-beer Bud/Coors/Miller swill; did I mention it's only $2 per pint?
4	Good food, great beer all at reasonable prices!During NFL games 20oz  craft beer $1.
5	Very good beer and Barbeque. This casino feels like home to me. Just walk behind Balleys and its right there. . I'm coming back Ellis Island  Casino & Brewery.
5	This is a great little hidden gem. Tons of really good beers on tap and cheap, yet delicious, grub. And if you read this in time, definitely make the trip for the Oktoberfest $10 unlimited beer mugs (and get properly tanked), and then stay for the most amazing karaoke you'll possibly ever hear.
5	Sooo while on the Linq Ferris wheel this couple told us to eat here.... They said it looks like shit on the outside lol but the food is great.... So of course we are going to try it out..... WELL DAMMIT!!! The food is GREAT!!! And Cheap Cheap Cheap!!! Serious this is a im on my last 5.00 from gambling my wages away in Vegas.... I ordered the Chorizo burrito... It had of course Chorizo, Bacon, Eggs, Cheese a side of potatoes a juicy pepper and guacamole and sour cream.... There's no picture because I ate my food to fast so I'm sorry   my Mister has the Veggie omelet with potatoes and wheat toast... The omelet had cheese, mushrooms, peppers, onions, spinach, and tomatoes.... Again!!! The food is SUPER GOOD!!! This is actually the best and cheapest meal we ate in Vegas and THE BEST!!!! We even won on the craps table and our spicy bloody Mary's were just that SPICY AND DELISH!!!! Don't leave Vegas without stopping here at least once OH and they are 24hours so from 11-6am they have 3.99 two eggs plate!!! You can't beat that with a bat!!!!
3	There's only one reason I come here & it's for the cafe inside. I've never stayed on property over night & I've never had any luck gambling here. My steak dinner that should have been under $10 a person suddenly becomes $310! The machines hate me here :(Anyway it's a little dive property but it's always busy so plenty of people obviously love it. The funniest moment is when you're having dinner & suddenly you here someone singing karaoke that shouldn't be :)That never gets old!The atmosphere is fun & even though it could use some TLC it's still a fun place.
4	Juicy BBQ, tasty beer, friendly service, and great price.On the other hand, the coffee shop is just average. Food is OK, service ....not so great.Well, nobody is perfect.
5	If you are questioning whether or not going to this place, just go already!! We had a large group and found on Yelp. Everyone of our group was raving about how much fun they had, how good the food was, fun dealers at the tables and cheap craft beer! What more is there?  Great DJ and funky music too.  Fun Fun Fun!! Karaoke at the end of the night was awesome for some of our group who stayed!This place is a blast!! Amazing value! Refreshing change from the strip.
3	We ate 10pm which is late, however service takes forever. It took about an hour for the food to come. They also have a steak special but you have to sign up for a card which takes a while. The steak dinner comes with string beans, potato and a beer. It tastes pretty good and standard, not bad for $9 in Vegas. The small casino/brewery isn't ritzy but has a lot of character.However, just expect to wait a long while late at night!
4	We came into town and wanted to go get ribs.  We were going to go to a chain but looked at the yelp reviews and decided to ask around instead.  Our concierge suggested Ellis Island.  Boy, were we pleasantly surprised! Awesome ribs, beans and coleslaw.   We ordered full racks, took the leftovers home and enjoyed more ribs the next night!  The reason we only gave 4 stars was that the corn and bread was very tired.  The items that take the least amount of time to prepare were made too far in advanced and allowed to sit around thus we were served cold, hard bread and mushy, overcooked, bland corn on the cob. With that said, we will be back when we return to Vegas!
3	A Vegas trip won't be complete without some steak and eggs! I remember the days when these use to be $3.99, fast forward a few years...the steak and eggs are now $5.99. Just $2 more, but worth the price! If you go to Tuscany, their late night specials still include the steak and eggs for $3.99. My friend and I were on our way out of Vegas and decided to drop by. For a Sunday lunch, the wait time was 30 minutes. That's not a problem because we decided to hit up the slots! They will also give you a pager to notify you when your table is available.  If you open a new reward card with them, you'll get a chance to spin the wheel to see how much you'll get on free slot play. The range is $10 - $500, but I think everyone just gets $10. The machines are good for this small casino. They have some of the newer machines that you'd find on the strip. When we finally sat down, we placed our orders. I enjoyed my steak and eggs. I wasn't expecting anything fancy for $5.99. I also ordered some orange juice and coffee (the orange juice was awesome! freshly squeezed). Oddly, the price of the drinks was just the same as the steak and eggs, so my total was approximately $12 for the meal...not too shabby! Overall, I am giving this place 3 stars because it includes both the casino and restaurant. The place is off the strip, so it's attracting a different kind of crowd. Also, the casino was really dark. The restaurant offers good deals and that's probably the only reason why I'll come here again.
5	Love, love, love Ellis Island!  This is my favorite dive casino in Vegas.  Cheap & delicious eats, friendly dealers, and free drinks (as long as you're gambling) makes EI an almost every night ritual when visiting Vegas.  Expect to wait at least 30-60 minutes for a table.  No worries because there's slots or table games to keep you occupied until your pager goes off.  They have great BBQ and prime rib.  You can't beat the price either.  $8.99 for a sirloin dinner that includes potato, veggies, and salad.  This is my favorite place to eat, drink, and gamble in Vegas!
5	Awesome place! I had the shrimp scampi and was delicious! Super cheap and very good! Beer is Great! $2 can't be that on the strip! Amber ale house brew I recommend
4	You come to this locals spot for the beers and greasy diner.  There is a Metro Pizza joint that offers 2 for 1 whole pizzas on Sundays. Place is decent
5	this review is mainly for the brewery. Hands down ... one day of the best breweries in town. Stout superb. The light beer so good and I made my conciction that consisted of lemon juice and tabasco sauce with the light beer. Btw, its only $2.75 for a pint abd their home made root beer is refreshing!Customer service i great. Fush n chips are good. Cocktail shrimps are huge.
4	Great place to eat due to a variety of items on the menu (breakfast/lunch/dinner) that taste good, open 24hrs, and always there for you.  I've lost count how many times I've eaten here.  I worked late hours and stayed in the area so about 0400 in the morning we would stop here and grab a bite to eat.  They have a bar, karaoke, casino, and of course, a restaurant that serves breakfast/lunch/dinner where all items are available on the menu regardless of the hour.  After work we could always count of this place to be waiting for us.  The steak and eggs and chicken Philly cheese steak were amazing, as was the french toast.
3	Service is slow as hell.  Had a waiter that kind of looked like Rick from Pawn Stars.  Took about 15 minutes before we were first greeted and then it was at least another 10-15 minutes until we could order.  The prime rib was excellent though.  Only thing that hurt my experience was the slow service.
5	Just a block off the Strip. Breakfast is delicious and very affordable. Our waitress, Rocio, was helpful & attentive. No wonder she was 2013's employee of the year!
4	Read many reviews on Ellis Island so we decided to go for the deals! Bf got the 10oz top sirloin & 20 oz beer for $8.99. I got the 8oz ny strip & 5 shrimp for $11.99.The food is actually quite good!! Deals are amazing!! Service was very good, it wasn't too too busy. Small casino, looks like it's more popular for the locals. Can't wait to come back on my next trip in town!
4	We went on a night when they were "cleaning the kitchen" so the waitress apologized in advance that service could be slow.  But man did we wait a long time.  We passed the time by drinking beer, watching the only waiter (an old Vietnamese man) hobble around the restaurant, and wondering if this happens every time the kitchen gets cleaned.  Other than that it was refreshing to find some good food at an affordable price (especially after I lost a lot of money that day).  But the tall beers they were serving at Ellis Island made me forget all about that : )
4	Ellis Island operates 2 restaurants, a cafe and the B-B-Q restaurant.  This review is of our experience at the latter.  We had planned on trying another barbecue restaurant, but after having drinks at Ellis we decided it would be prudent to dine in.  We put our names in and had only a short wait before being seated.   My wife and I each opted for the  1/2 rack of baby back ribs which came with garlic toast, bbq beans and coleslaw.  The ribs are steamed prior to a quick flip or two on the grill.   Each was slathered in sauce during the grilling process so I did not feel a need to add any more though YMMV.  The meat was exceptionally tender and delicious though the sides, excluding the coleslaw, were entirely forgettable.  You need to swipe your slot card at the kiosk to get members' pricing, but the system was down this evening so we just presented our cards.  Also, subscribers to the Las Vegas Advisor newsletter receive coupon for Ellis Island that include 2 for 1 for both the Cafe and BBQ restaurant plus 3 free drinks for 2.
4	Ellis island is a hidden gem of Las Vegas. Sure you might pull up and think to yourself, do I really want to go in? And the answer is yes, yes you do. I have frequented EI for years and I have yet to have a bad experience. The food is always on point. Nothing fancy, just good food at great prices. My favorite items on the menu include the chicken fried chicken, the Caesar salad (homemade dressing), the chicken Parmesan, and the breakfast special. You won't find a more solid place that is open 24 hours a day, especially at that price! You won't be disappointed!
4	Best prime rib for reasonable price. They brew beer in house,  very tastySmall casino , you might come across some shady people but who cares as long as you mind your business. Garage parking is bit crazy ... narrow turns . Just one rest room for whole casino floor , you need to do some across the floor.Not super clean but bearable .
4	Off the strip from the glitzy big casinos are the rows upon rows of smaller casinos patronized by the locals.  No dancing water lakes here folks.  Walking through the casino floor the first thing you notice in the smell.  California has basically banished smokers from site or smell, so to walk into one of the less renowned casinos where the ceilings are low, the air filtration is poor, and the gamblers are puffing away like chimneys was an experience.  We made it all the way over into the restaurant where the smell was less intense.  I ordered a chorizo burrito.  I wouldn't recommend ordering it, not because it wasn't great, but because it probably doesn't get ordered a lot and it took ages for our food to come out.  Overall, the food is great and it's a good bargain.  Plus you won't be the only one gulping down a beer at 9 in the morning.
5	$5.99 steak and eggs with 2 slices of toast and crispy potatoes. Steak medium rare done properly. Best place to eat for late night on da strip. Its great service with a great price. :D
4	We've been going here for years.  Dependable and inexpensive.  Used to love the complete steak dinner special for the price.  Since they raised it we've tried other items and they are good.  Not high end, but a good cheap eats place with craft beer.
5	What else can I say? $4.99 steak & egg breakfast specials! $7.99 steak dinner comes with potato, green brands, salad, and their own root beer specials!  been there 5 times over 2 Vegas trips. Every time everything always cooked perfectly. Staff is friendly. One thing though, today went there and the steak breakfast wasn't available.:( but that was because it was after 11am during this week (prob because of the CES) but usually it was anytime.however gave me the chance to try the low carb fried chicken special! 4 pieces, non battered, fried, not greasy, with salad. $5.99! Yup, that was good too! BTW, I am a food snob so this review shouldn't be taken lightly. Just go.
4	Came in to have a very early morning breakfast (or late night snack, if you will).  The host seated me quickly and provided a menu.  Table service was decent though certainly not as prompt as I would have expected.  No overall complaints on the service provided, though.  I just find when I'm by myself having breakfast that I prefer bar service (not available here) so that I can get in and out a little faster than standard table service (a little slow).I'd originally hoped for the prime rib they had advertised but they had already run out for the day (which is completely understandable - it was about 4am in the morning after a busy Saturday night).  So instead I ordered the steak and egg breakfast combo.  The steak's flavor was really delicious - cooked perfectly (medium rare on my order) and seasoned very well.  The downside to it was that nearly half of the cut was extremely sinewy and nearly unable to be chewed.  The eggs were ordered sunny side up and delivered perfectly.  The order came with a side of toast and their breakfast potatoes which were both done just right.  Beverage service was pretty good about refilling my glass when it was empty.  Pricewise, the meal was very reasonable and I think that had I taken the time to get a member's card at the casino, I could have even saved more money on the purchase.So the overall rating I provided is lower due to lack of service efficiency and the tough, chewy quality of part of the steak.  To be fair, I did not request a different cut of meat - I didn't want to wait for it, so I didn't give them a chance to correct the error, hence I didn't give too low of a review score, either.  I'd recommend going here and based on some of the other Yelp photos I've seen, I will likely be back to try stuff out.  Maybe the prime rib next time...
5	This place is a hidden gem. Had it not been for all the positive reviews I would not have walked in this place. I ordered the 50/50 burger, two beers and my wife ordered the fish and chips and a soft drink. The burger was full of flavor and definately surprised. I sampled the fish and was thoroughly impressed. Service was great and fast. Walked in on a thursday eve and we were treated to multiple tv's playing nfl. This place is definately worth a trip off the strip. I plan on visiting this place everytime I come to Vegas. Total bill was just over $25.
5	The ribs. Enough said. The pizza. Enough said twice. Easily the best value for food in Las Vegas. The entire staff is awesome including the casino manager Ron. You HAVE to go here if you're in Vegas.
4	Best value in Las Vegas.  Period.Enjoyed breakfast, twice, due to quality food and service.  Chicken fried steak  was massive portion.  Hot, high 'diner' quality food.  Unless you have the most sensitive pallet in the world you will be well satisfied by everything except the long wait to be seated.  The place is constantly slammed to capacity.  Expect 20 to 30 min wait.
4	This place is the best for chicken and ribs . Long wait but its absolutley worth it .. super cheap beers which makes the wait time go by fast then only to get huge rib and chicken portions that are delcious . Best ribs in town . Penny slots and karaoke what more can you ask for!!
5	Ellis Island is a quite a gem out of all Las Vegas Casino! Our group of friends somehow always end up here for all sorts of reasons!-Karaoke (9pm-3am Sun-Thurs, till 4am Fri+Sat)-Gambling (no poker available)-Crappy Hours ($3 Craps 5-7pm)-Brewery ($2 Craft beer)-Cheap Eats w/ QualityTrust me, the food here is top quality. -The Cafe is open 24 hours: great late night specials!-BBQ is open  Sunday-Thursday: 4-10 pm and 11 pm on Friday's + Saturday's.-Metro Pizza opens daily (closes around midnight): Sunday Special 2 for Price of 1. Ellis Island is not your luxury casino, but an old school casino off the strip place where you don't have to break your bank. Ellis's attracts an array of crowds, but I always enjoy my time whenever I am visiting. Till next time, bet on 24 for me!
4	Amazing food. Prices are great. Sign up for the players card and get steak,mashed potatoes, green beans, and 20 oz beer!!!
5	Lives up to the expectations!Beer is amazing! And only 2 dollars????? I had the fish and chips, my husband the fried chiken basket. First let me start by saying I am not a fan of fish, but it did say it was one of their top sellers and i can see why. The fish and beer batter were delisously seasoned,  crispy on the outside, buttery on the inside without the grease. My husbanbs chicken wad also crisp to perfection, not too much batter,  seasoned,  moist and no extra grease either. The coleslaw that came with the chicken was amazing, fresh, well seasoned without the "I have been in the refrigerator for a month" flavor. The bill came to $27 dollars which included two large beers and two amazing dinners, my only problem with this visist is......why didn't we come here before?If you choose to come here, please allow at least a 30 minute wait to be seated, this place is popular and it does get busy.
4	Wow what an cornucopia of meaty goodness this place offers!  Our goal at the beginning of the evening was to pig out at the Caesar's buffet but we encountered a 90 minute wait so we ended up off the beaten path...we ended up at Ellis Island's barbecue restaurant. With a players card you get half a rack of ribs and half a chicken for peasant price of $11!!!  I think I'm getting a good understanding of why there's a obesity problem on the U.S.!  Ok the ribs were a bit over cooked and the chicken's white meat was on the dry side but when you're talking bang for the buck this joint rocks!  I came in a bit hungry and I left feeling over fed!   Service was pretty good here.  The food came out quick and hot. Our drinks were constantly refilled:  my cup truly runneth over that night!  Overall, Ellis Island is a hole in the wall, but it provides  the unpretentious an abundance of bbqed meaty goodness!
4	Micro brewed beers are $2.50 for a giant-sized draft.Steak and eggs for less than 10 bucks.Pretty decent service.Pretty cool place.  All locals.  Fewer tourists.  I was there the other day for breakfast.  My table was sandwiched between a "Where's Waldo" look alike, who kept asking me questions.....possibly inebriated.... and a "Honey boo boo looking family".  The six of them appeared to be there for a wedding, which they also seemed to be planning over their breakfast.  Free entertainment with every meal.
5	This place has been a personal family tradition for over 40 years. From the days when you could order their 'steak that's not on the menu' for under $9.00, to the raved BBQ Baby Back Ribs, to their NY pizza joint. The food is abundant, inexpensive, and good. 'The place for the locals', the payouts are great, and the vibe is kickback from the craziness hoopla from the Strip. Their legendary karaoke room has been around longer than the fad itself. A strong recommend for any tourist who.wants something other than the Strip.
4	This place was great 20.00 for breakfast. We were full. People that work there always nice. I had pancakes and sausage no complaints.
5	This is my second time at Ellis Island Brewery. The food is great. The beer is great. It's $10 cab ride from the strip. If you have more than 2 in your group, I recommend you take the cab and share the cost. If you want to burn some calories, it's a 20 min walk.  You can't find the same deal on the strip anywhere. Staff is friendly. EIB is my go to spot when i'm in Vegas.
4	Such big portions of food!! It was so good!! The beer batter chicken basket was bomb as hell!!! Took a little long but was worth the wait .
5	We found this place by accident and it was one of the places to be in Vegas the ppl there was drunk buzz and fun they had an karaoke thing going which was very fun, the bartender girl was really great she served us well and the drinks was awesome...Now the food was OK I had the steak and shrimp meal it was ok I had better...we actually went 2 nights...other than that this is mostly the place that will be on our comeback list when we visit Vegas again!!!
5	First of all, the prices are very nice. My brother got the prime rib and was $13.99 and came with a salad AND a beer. And of course they have the $8.99 10 oz. steak meal. Well I got the chicken fried chicken and it was the best I've ever had, and I'm from Texas, so that's surprising to me. We walked right in, service was great, 20 oz. beers were $2.00, they have unique takes on dishes (but nothing too crazy), and it's right by the casino, so you can gamble if you have to wait for a table. I wish I had this place at home, let's just say that.
5	I am SLIPPING!  Lived here 14 years and this is my favorite dive! I cannot believe I have yet to review it!  I bring all my out of town friends here, I refer it to all my guests' who ask where they should go.  Beer used to be $1.  I think it's like $1.50 now.  I always get wine.  It's like $3 per glass and they fill it to the top.  I believe karaoke is from 8pm to 3am.. or maybe it's 9pm.  Anyway, it's so fun!  The diner is awesome, the bbq always has a wait because it is so popular.  If you are visiting, and you love good food, karaoke, good people and dive bars, look no further!
4	Who doesn't love good cheap food? That's what this place is. The meals come with soup or salad I couldn't finish my chicken fried steak, I tried, cuz it was good. The half caraf of wine was 3 glasses big, the non micro brewed beer was 2.75 to me that's cheap. I would definitely come here again. It's located behind the strip off of flamingo easy to get to and there's a parking structure in the back if you cannot find parking in the front.
3	Beers are relatively inexpensive for proximity to the strip. Some shady characters chill here but it makes for great people watching.
4	Great prices on great food, but you'll have to be patient and wait for your food like everyone else. Staff is really kind and approachable. Make sure you search for coupons prior. Not a good place for kids because it's infested with smoke. Parking is okay.
5	Best prime rib I've had, delicious chorizo loaded quesadillas (Why is this NOT a thing in Texas?!), friendly and quick service, decent beer (only tried the amber, but liked it), and REALLY cheap, especially for Las Vegas. Heck, it was cheaper than most restaurants  anywhere for what you get. The prime rib was huge, came with a beer, baked potato, and grilled asparagus for $14! Steak and eggs on another night was $6, and the gravy with the chicken fried chicken/steak is infused with cheese, yum. The restaurant is unfortunately quite smoky (right next to the casino), but I didn't care with the food arriving quickly and being so well prepared. I'll be visiting this place the next time I'm in Vegas. Parking was easy in December, though I know that is a slow month for the area.
4	Las Vegas on a budget! This place is located behind the strip and is the place to go if you want food on a budget. The casino and hotel itself is not impressive... it's technically a Super 8 motel with a casino across the way. The hotel rooms are located across from the casino. The casino is small, but inside there is a BBQ place, cafe, and pizza place. I like coming here for the BBQ. It's super cheap... and good!! I have yet to try the cafe, but I've heard lots of good things about it also. For the BBQ, I always get a full rack of ribs and it's only $13! It comes with 2 pieces of corn, 2 pieces of garlic bread, slaw, and baked beans. The ribs are tender and tasty. They also have a half rack of ribs for $10, but a full rack is more worth the cost! They also have 1/2 ribs and 1/2 chicken or you could also get a whole chicken. I've never tried the chicken but I love ribs so much that I've only ordered the ribs! You must sign up for the players card for the lower price however because it's $3 more without a players card. Also, if you gamble $1, you will get that dollar back as a $1 coupon of any item for either the cafe or BBQ place. Who knows, that may be the lucky dollar that you win lots of money from! Trust me, because I've put in $1 before, played 75 cents and came out with $250 with a single spin! The promotion for new players now is to play $10 and you will get free play in the amount of $10-$500. It's worth it because technically you aren't gambling any money but you could win money! There is a parking structure at this casino. It's a small structure, but I've never had trouble finding parking. I've also never had a long wait for the BBQ. Maybe I've always beat the rush! On Sundays the pizza place is 2 for 1. Come here for the food. It wound disappoint! I would also like to say that for such cheap food, I've never had bad service here! All the workers and servers have been friendly and the food comes out fast too!! Mmmm.... I'm getting hungry just thinking about the ribs again!! You can bet I'll be here again!
4	Awsome  place to catch a cheap steak and micro brew and some slotplay without going too far from the strip! Hidden gem!
4	This place is a cool dive bar restaurant with funky seating. On one side of the restaurant they don't serve food, only drinks.. But they didn't tell us that until we were already waiting forever to be served. Make sure you sit on the right side! Luckily food came out pretty quick and its delicious. They know how to fry food. Nice low key spot to fight the hangover.
3	This place is classic "old" Las Vegas, but where the Rat Pack would hide their distant second cousins, not "Golden Age" or old school glitzy.  It is where you'd find Clark Griswold's cousin Eddie arguing over the size of his $8.99 steak (which admittedly is smaller than you'd expect).  All in all it is not a bad off-the-strip place but the staff is crabby and the patrons are a little scary (as in staring at your own mortality scary) and the cigarette smoke is omnipotent and inescapable.  But it was my cheapest stop in Vegas and the Prime Rib wasn't bad (better than the steak looked, which my dining companion ordered).
1	This place is terrible. TVs everywhere but they have the same game on repeat sets. Cafe was almost empty and we still has a 15 min wait. Finally sat down and ordered out food, more that 60% of the cafe was empty, and it took us 40 minutes to get our food. Aaaand they got our order wrong.
5	I always go to Ellis Island once or twice when I'm visiting Vegas and make a point to stay in a hotel that is close to this wonderful establishment.  The bartender (named ROBO) that works in the bar, next to restaurant is the best and he always takes good care of us when we're there...
5	All you need to know is 5.99 steak and eggs special.  Yes, it is really cheap and I wasn't expecting much but it exceeded my expectations.  I thought the steak would be pretty dry, but to my surprise it was really juicy.  Your plate also comes with crispy potatoes and 2 slices of bread (I chose wheat).  If you want a delicious, but cheap meal this is the place to go.  Make sure to check out their beers also, its only 2.25 for 20oz!!!
3	$5.99 8oz steak breakfast special can't be beat. And the lady who served us is really nice. But the $3.89 orange juice a ripoff. C'mon, draft beer here is $2.25. Get yourself the beer, not the orange juice - I guess orange juice is just not for Vegas. :(
4	Good, Fresh Food.Friendly Staff!!Great Prices!Near the strip too =)Cool brewery to look at =)Open 24/7
5	Go to the BBQ next door to the cafe serving steak. The whole rack of BACK RIB is just PERFECTION. Better than many much more expensive restaurants!!
3	First time here.  I tried the BBQ place, 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 a chicken, baked beans, coleslaw, corn on the cob and garlic bread,  all that plus their in house made root beer for $17.00.  So for the price you can't really complain. Next time I'll try the other side of the restaurant and check out the Prime Rib.
4	A must on every Vegas trip.  Come here for the breakfast everything is delicious and you definitely get more than your money's worth.  Try to stay away at night if you want quick service.
4	It was the best dinner ive had there. The ambiance was great because it was quiet and late. Although you could hear the karaoke people. Lol the prime rib is delicious and juicy. The sirloin steak was phenomenal too. And nicely priced. I would definitely be returning.
5	5 stars this awesome 24/7 cafe in an old Vegas casino. My table was clean, they had hot tea and honey, and the waitress let me custom order my veggie breaky sandwich (which came out delicious and not at all greasy!). Also the breakfast potatoes were very tasty! Great service and good inexpensive food at 6am..I give this a major thumbs up!
3	We got the lunch special (a small steak with fries) and it was OK. They cooked the steak perfectly (medium rare) but it was very hard to chew, flavorful but tough meat. The french fries came kindda cold and the service was not very helpful.Seems to me she was very busy, because we had to ask for straws and water refills several times until we got the 1 refill.The beer was fantastic, both the stout and the other one ;-)
4	What can I say? This is a true Vegas gem! Never had a bad experience here. $2 20oz beers, $1 during football games. $10 minimum purchase with card. Happy Hour menu is not shabby. You'll meet lots of locals, and folks who are just passing by and overly excited for discovering Ellis.  Karaoke after 9pm at the bar near the front entrance.  BBQ restaurant in the far back corner (not connected to the cafe) next to the Sport Bets. Service is always fast and friendly! Douchy folks, STAY AWAY!
5	After driving for awhile to find food we stopped here and it was amazing and especially for the price!!!!
4	Great steak breakfast special; good cut of beef and prepared well.  Great service.  A bit of a wait for a table but this gave us an opportunity to experience an off strip casino.  No frills, good quality and quantity at an affordable price.
3	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 2.5Service: 3.5Bang for your buck: 5When im craving prime rib and dont want to pay 60 bucks to get it at the buffet this is my next spot and at $15 with a beer you cant beat that unless your in the industry than its 2 free beers and $10 for the prime rib. This place is good not great but good, i cant get over the fact of all the packets of sauce they give you when you order a baked potato and that whipped horse radish gets in my head, nothing fresh? Overall you cant beat the prices of this spot and you get what you pay for so you cant complain. But the prime rib i will be back
1	It's nice to wander off the beaten track, nothing better than a diamond in the rough...right?Then you realize there's a reason this place is off the beaten track, it is where it belongs!Cheap is the best word to describe everything here, period.
4	I'm having trouble hitting my $10 minimum for credit cards with dinner and drinks!There are enough reviews here that you don't need a long one from me. I had the Wednesday special, meatloaf, which was 6.99. It was excellent, added a little salt and pepper and was very happy with it, a lot of food too. They brew their own beer and sell it for $2.50 in a tall glass. I added a free drink on for a free promotion and here I sit with 3 beers and a solid dinner for just over $10.Easy walking distance from the flamingo (off the strip), I highly recommend you come and check this place out
