5	Ah Vegas!  It's like Disneyland for adults.  The Wynn hotel is the most recent addition to this crazy place.  Fortunately it's beautiful and elegant...just like the Bellagio except in primary colors...although i still like the atmopshere of Bellagio a little better--maybe it's those fountains.  Nevertheless, Wynn Las Vegas is worth checking out....didn't get a chance to stay here, but had a drink in the lounge and it was *very* nice!  The guys in the bright blue suits that stand at the front door are cool because they wear those earphones that make them seem like CIA-bellhops
4	For the man who created the Bellagio, he's taken it a step further with his namesake hotel and casino - the Wynn. It's probably as classy as a Vegas casino can get. The exterior is almost like a Serra sculpture with it's curved facade and glass that looks chocolate brown. But enough about the outside, the inside is what makes this place a Wynn-er. If you're a left coaster dreaming of Daniel Boulud, you're 2000 miles closer with his vegas outpost. Next to the Boulud's brasserie, you'll see a beautiful outdoor cafe that overlooks a fountain/garden. It was actually beautiful and small in scale - unlike much of what Vegas has to offer. And Ferrari aficinados can check out the massive showroom with pretty much every type of Ferrari swag you can imagine. For those on the Vegas tradeshow circuit, you the Wynn is the place to have your event or dinner - especially if you'll be entertaining clients.
5	Clean...new...lot of stores and lots of gambling!!! What more can you ask for?  The only thing that was not so pleasant was some of the service there.  Check in counter person was probably having a bad day but overall, I would have to rate the hotel a five star.  The standard rooms are very big compared to those in the Bellagio and the suites are even larger....(but beware...it is very orangy-red in there)  The pool and the golf course is what you have to check out!  Amazing golf course with a beautiful waterfall on one of the holes....and the pool is huge....and they also spray mist on you as you enter or exit the pool area on a very hot day.  One last piece of info is don't go and exercise there, cuz they charge u $20 per day to use their fitness facility...u might as well go and use that $20 to gamble and perhaps win some $$$$ back! But have to say their spa is amazing..  So enjoy and VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!!!10/05 revisited and here is more to add:"THE POWER OF RED............once you walk through their front doors, there is a wonderful fragrance that makes you want to breath in the fresh air....i dont know what it is, but the smell makes you feel like you are in a febreze commercial.....if you have time to take in a show, I highly recommend Le Reve....the watershow with the choreography of the performers is definitely breath-taking...but do go earlier before show starts, cuz they have a lot of funny actions going on to entertain the guest that are waiting..."
3	If you have to spend time in Vegas, this is the least offensive hotel I've seen. Read: still horrifying but the pool is a nice escape that is pleasingly low on the frat boy list of places to party. I expect that "The Hotel" is less offensive but then you're subject to the pool at Mandalay Bay and the Four Seasons is way off the main drag. Tip: When at the pool, order an extra shot of whatever booze you're aiming for. They are not afraid to charge you silly amounts of money for what basically amounts to a non-alcoholic beverage. On the bright side, the SW Steakhouse is an orgasmic experience....truly. I wanted to roll around in the fois gras and the steak brought a tear to my eye.  Best $500 I've ever spent on dinner for two (yup - that's right, but worth every penny).
5	Speechless. Unlike other Vegas hotels who tend to imitate european architecture, they have the most unique and exceptional designs. Check out the waterfall fountain and beautiful garden.
3	O-VER-RA-TED!  This is a great hotel, but my my rating is based upon relative value.  The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are great.  But, all I have heard since it opened is that this is one of the best hotels in the world...this is not true.  The breakfast buffet is by far the best in the world, but the rest of the place is solid not unbelievable.
4	Our new favorite place to stay in Vegas. Yeah, it's kinda far down the strip, but who cares? the accomodation is top notch, with spacious rooms that has floor to ceiling windows, giving you a complete view of the strip. Everything in the room is indulgent, from plush slippers to the fluffy comforter to the chocolates. When I was hung over and slumped over in the bathtub, I was served wonton soup on a silver platter while the server informed me that the Wynn does not use eggs more than 2 days old. That's not I care  how old those eggs are but it stil sounds impressive.
5	WOW. all of their 'regular' rooms are like suites--a wall-mounted flat screen tv, PLUSH bed with down featherbed, down comfortors, down pillows, egyptian cotton sheets, they provide you with nice robes and slippers, and the TOWELS are nice and thick (seriously, you should take one home w/you coz they don't have their name imprinted on it), in the bathroom their is a LARGE bathtub with seperate shower stall, dual sinks. . . etc etc. . so nice.  if you can afford this place, or at least get a room comped you should SOOO stay here! and the buffet was yummmmmmmmy.
5	Is it just me or does the hotel building actually look better during the day?  This place is actually high class.  A lot of places in vegas just pretend to be high class but this place goes the distance.The evidence you ask?  Here it is:The dividers between the urinals in the men's bathrooms were made out of marble slabs.  At least I think they were marble.  In any case, the place is swanky and far too rich for my blood.  The lounge, Lure, was pretty cool too.  They need to upgrade their soundsystem though.
5	Beautiful hotel,beautiful pool,beautiful people. So what's it doing insuch an ugly part of town? This hotel belongs on a Caribbean islandor on a remote beach in the south of France,not on the low end of the strip,surrounded by decrepit old resorts and vacant lots. I guessthe thing to do is fly in at night and take a limo with blacked out windows direct to the hotel. Once inside you're in paradise. The whole place is very similar to Bellagio but definitely a notch or twohigher on the ritz scale. Public areas and guest rooms are bothgiven an extra level of glitz that Bellagio lacks. The buffet here is The Best. There is none better in Las Vegas--right now,anyway. If you try the buffet concentrate on the seafood. Rack of lamb is worth repeat visits also. Unlike Bellagio,this buffet has some gooddesserts,even a gelato bar. Overall,Wynn is a good choice for thosewanting luxury and not planning on leaving the property. But if you'regoing to Vegas to sightsee,stay elsewhere.
5	This is the only hotel and casino worth coming to in Vegas.  It's very elegantly rendered and, as my colleague would say, "well-articulated."  I don't really want to go into the particulars of the mosaics on the floor (until the Wynn I didn't consider myself a mosaic person), or the lush, colourful fountains, or the attractive (not gaudy) costumes of the waitresses and so on and so on, because I don't think it would really convey what I want to say about the Wynn.  All I can think to say is that it was put together with taste.  It makes all the other casinos look like cardboard theme parks wrapped around slot machines.
5	This place is gorgeous. Waterfalls, abundant vegetation... makes this place seem like a true oasis in the Nevada DesertI saw Avenue Q here (great show BTW, it's like Sesame Street on some serious crack.) The theatre is amazing as it is beautiful, not a bad seat in the house.The hotel itself is pretty nice too. I admire how they don't really have a specific theme, like... Pirates (TI)... or Owls (Hooter's Hotel, wtf?)  Makes the hotel stand out as a really classy resort... Can't wait to come here again!
5	Awesome place.  Won enough money to pay for the suite, fine dining and for the massage at the Wynn Spa. Excellent restaurants, bars, entertainment and gaming room. Oh,their suite was one of the the best hotel room I have stayed in.
4	I am writing this review from my room on the 58th floor.  With floor-to-ceiling windows in every room, request a room on as high a floor as possible to enjoy the panoramic view.  On the West side of the hotel (odd-numbered rooms), the view is of the majestic mountain range hiding Death Valley (some have snow on them today even though it is nearly 80 degrees on the Strip!) and the Red Rock Canyon National Preserve.  On the East side, you can catch the sunrise over Wynn's golf course and country club.Mr. Wynn has been described as someone with an eye for every detail; as far as I can see, this appears to be true.  This hotel is beautiful, spacious and clean, with sumptuous amenities and lively character and decor.  It's an *almost* eccentric mix of flowers, curlicues and both feminine and masculine colors -- a bit odd, like Warhol meets Dr. Seuss, but it works.For the business traveler, there is high-speed Internet connection for $12 / day and a (unbelievably costly to use) fax machine in each room.  As far as room prices go, I probably wouldn't put this on the weekend "value" list, but I would stay here in a heartbeat for midweek rates.
4	for now, it's my most fave hotel to shop in!  from louis vuitton to dior, it is like a disneyland for adults as sue u. said (see previous yelper).i love the main floor, where balls of colorful flowers hang like xmas ornaments on trees.  too bad it was too crowded to take a picture where the trees formed an arch.  the floor was also very beautiful, marble but decorated with lovely tiles!!
4	nice place but expensive.  i lost a lot of money here so i might be bitter, but this place is just ok.  the atmosphere is unlike any place ive experienced.  its sorta weird, like someone decided to open a willy wonka chocolate factory.  nothing was really extraordinary when i went.  i guess i was expecting too much from steve wynn.  with advertising like "it's the only casino that i would put my name on" i would have expected more.  but im still giving this place a 4 cause its nice and new. gj.
5	This has to be thee best hotel experience I've had in Vegas.  The panoramic rooms live up to their name sake.  I saw the back end of the strip and the rest of N Las Vegas for about 40-50 miles from the 52nd Floor.  Killer view at night!  LCD televisions in your room and in your bathroom, so you don't miss a beat with your sports bets.  From the television to the phone to the card key, everything had my name on it.This hotel has so many amenities and things to do that you practically don't need to leave the hotel to get the Vegas experience.  Even though they allow smoking indoors in Las Vegas, this place didn't have that stale smoke smell.  They even have a stable of Ferraris for viewing or for sale if you hit it really big.  The Fashion Show mall is conviently located across the street.  The  card dealers were friendly and helpful for novices like me.  Shit, this place put a bunch of their money in my pocket!!!The Buffet is unreal, you will not find another one like this.  They had a Chinese section, a Indian section, Italian section , Japanese section, Turkey dinner section, etc.  Don't let get started on the dessert area.  Be sure to go here after starving yourself for a couple of days!!!I love this place, too bad reality sets in and you have to go home.
5	After staying at the Wynn in Las Vegas last week, it'll be tough to want to stay elsewhere during my next visit to Sin City.  The hotel is elegance at its finest.  It evokes a warm feel though due to the colorful tiled floors and flowers everywhere.  I especially loved the fresh floral arrangements at registration and in the lobby of the resort elevators (changed daily) and was an enormous array of the brightest, freshest, flowers.  Walking the esplanade at the Wynn only offered me dreams of being able to walk in Chanel, Louis Vuitton, and their fine shoe store 'Shoe In' and not being alarmed at the sight of a $700 pair of heals.  It was however fun to dream.  We never had the chance to have dinner at the hotel but we had brunch at the Terrace Point Cafe which was delicious and I was also satisfied with my ahi tuna salad by the pool.  Our room was incredible.  We stayed in the resort room which offered an incredible view of the strip with floor to ceiling windows.  I loved the flat screen television in the bathroom (which by the way was bigger than most apartments in NYC).  The service was good and I loved all the extra little touches (foot mats placed on either side of the bed during turn down service and the carpet floral patterns on the luggage carts!)  Highly recommend but prepare to pay!
5	WYNN bABY!! nice hotel room!!! priceless .. that's all i can say .. priceless
5	The MOST beautiful hotel.  Maybe ever.  Staying anywhere else just isn't as fun.La Bette (yuck!) has been redone as Tryst, and is quite lovely.Splurge on a cabana.  Don't miss the "adult pool"... it's hiding on the other side of the casino cabana, if you're lost.  Why every pool in Vegas isn't topless-optional is a complete mystery to me.
5	Let's just focus on their rooms (since that's where I spent most of my time when at the Wynn)...I absolutely LOVED ours.  From the oh-so-comfy bed to the flat panel TV to the soft bedding to the dual sinks (and flat panel TV) in the bathroom to the floor to ceiling windows...it was definitely worth the price we paid.  There were definitely taxi lines every single night we were there, but they were so damn efficient that it didn't seem like a very long wait at all.  I would not recommend picking up a bag of $6 dollars Cheetos in the gift shop below though...bad idea.  :)  The casino decor and the shops are "eh."  Just go for the rooms and you'll be FINE.  :)
4	Wynn definitely did not spare any expense when it came to the amount of flowers in this place and an amazing $500/round golf course for guests only.  But, it's still a hefty premium to pay for a place to sleep, but the lovely wait staff do make losing money somewhat less painful.  I like their club Tryst for those of you under 40 but if you're only hanging with a bunch of guys, go Friday b/c Saturday will mean slippin a benjamin to those snooty clipboard holding promoter guys.  Ugh, enough of the pretentious garbage already. Enjoy Wynn, and cry about your credit card bill when you get home.
5	Yay! Love the Wynn! My husband LOVES to gamble. It's his mistress. We both love the Wynn. When we go, he gambles and I do the following: Sleep. Eat. Shop. Go to shows. Sleep. Go to the spa. Sleep. Sleep. So here's how the Wynn rates on my activities.  Sleeping = awesome bedding and beds! Flat screen that I can watch from bed! Great views from the bed! Eating is great too because the restaurants are top notch. The steak house is yummy but my fave is Tableau. The spa is great too. And I especially love the decor and the service. Last but not least - they have a great little shopping area complete with chanel which is where I go to worship. It is also very conveniently located and if you gamble a lot they give good comps. We always stay for free or next to nothing.UPDATE 2 AUG 07: We are staying here right now -I am waiting on husband to get here from airport. I came in earlier in the week to hang out with my best friend. We went to the topless pool today and had REALLY SHITTY service!!! EW! My friend was seriously about to blow a gasket. I am a good (GREAT) tipper and I could not get that bitch to ever come back. I had to keep yelling for her and flapping my arms around. UGH. Seriously, a 50% tip means I was some damn service. Oh and don't eat food at the pool, it's pre made and they serve it to you in a bag. Still not sure if I will deduct a star for this.
5	i dont know what is was, but walking into this casino automatically created an instant calm feeling. i think it was the fact that the number of families greatly reduced the minute you stepped inside. look, i'm not against kids. i think they are completely adorable and all that. i just think vegas isnt the greatest place in the world to take them no matter how "kid friendly" the casinos attempt to make it. anyway, the casino was extremely impressive. decorated in bright colors with wide open spaces, you really didnt get the feeling that you were just in a casino, but rather that you were in a resort. i especially loved the fact that they didnt use ugly ass carpet. i hate it when you walk into a casino, look down and think "wow, that looks like someone puked on the carpet" except its the pattern. ew. yes, this place is fabulous but do be prepared to pay a bit more than say... if you were at the mirage :) but its worth it :) even if you dont stay, at least visit and take a look down the esplanade, tryst, and the waterfalls. enjoy!
5	The next time that I go to Vegas I will Probably not leave the Wynn except maybe for a show, or another night club. This place is amazing. The spa is really nice and even though it costs $25 to work out, it's well worth it once you go to the spa. The pools are amazing. La Reve is great. Bet on 33 and you will win enough to pay for the entire stay ;-)
5	how the hell do i win 14gs in a night and lose it in an hour?vegas is awesome.
5	The best place in Vegas to stay is Wynn.  Everything about the hotel room outdoes anything else on the Strip.  The down comforters, the complimentary slippers, the LCD HD screens, and the bathroom TV  were my favorite features of my stay.  The deli by the sports book makes great sandwiches and salads, and the poker room is always run smoothly.  Next time you book your next trip to Sin City, makes this your home base.
5	besides walking through and not gambling, i don't have much to say about the hotel itself.  it's simply classy.  very plush, but comfortable.  anywho, i came here to see Avenue Q and it was awesome!  the theater itself is great with stadium style seating so no one's head will get in your way.   that was back in December and I couldn't stop thinking about it.  It was so hilarious I had to buy the soundtrack and memorize all the crazy lyrics.  and now I find out Avenue Q closed in May due to lackluster sales.  sad.  but no fear, spamalot will take its place come spring 2007!
5	Awsome!!!!I stayed here last week for a conference and what a sweet hotel.  I was on the 55th floor with a great view of the strip.  Flat screen TVs in the living room and in the bathroom!!!!  Everything was first class...from the morning maid service to the evening bed turn down.The bars are great and the gambling area is sweet.  A must.....take the time to have a few drinks by the waterfall...the statues in the water are a trip.
3	Hmmm....I wasn't that impressed.  We had booked two rooms with double beds and we were only able to get rooms with queen-size beds.  The lobby is pretty but it just seems like anohter version of the Bellagio.  The rooms are nice but nothing particularly special (though the toiletries were pretty good :-) ).  One of the best things about the hotel is that the pool wasn't too crowded - it was decently easy to get  chairs (we didn't have to wake up at the crack of dawn).  It's totally fine but if I were to go luxury in Vegas, this wouldn't be my choice.
5	Like I saw anything of the Wynn, cheap ass that I am. Here's what I know about the Wynn:The sign out front is very cool. It's basically a video screen with a bunch of advertising for La Reve (their Cirque show) and other attractions. And there's this big metal piece which says WYNN and travels up and down in front of the screen. This is not what makes it cool. It's cool because the metal part interacts with the video screen. So, for example, there will be gears and cranks on one side of the video screen, and as they turn the sign rises. Or a character from La Reve will appear on the screen and push the sign down. This is ultimate Vegas -- it's the APPEARANCE of something happening, rather than anything really happening. Sweet.There's a big ass waterfall between the hotel and the Esplanade -- the Wynn Shopping Center. This is completely fake, of course. There are no waterfalls in Vegas; it's in the middle of the desert. The water is real, of course, as are the trees and shrubs clinging to the rocks along the falls. This is why residents of Las Vegas can only water their lawns for four minutes a day. The water collects in an unnaturally blue lagoon  in front of the Esplanade. And it's all fenced in. This, too, is typical Vegas: stunning beauty, completely inaccessible to human beings.Finally, the bathrooms in the Esplanade are very nice. Brushed marble with inlaid brass accessories. No attendant, but spotlessly clean. Deep basin sinks; artwork in the entrance. But what sells it are the large, private stalls. Also made of marble, the walls of stalls start about 1/2 inch from the floor (they are held up by little brass footings) and rise well over 6 feet. The door is of carved wood, with several panels. And set in the center is an antiqued brass door knob, so that you don't have to struggle with the lock mechanism to open and close the door. Very elegant.I discovered all this about the bathroom because it is literally the only place to sit down in the Esplanade.
3	So overrated. This review applies to the "Panoramic View Room."The floor to ceiling windows are very nice, and the bed is very comfortable.  But the the size of the TV is way too small for the room - LCD flat screen or not.  Just killed it for me.  Shows that the planning/design wasn't so great.As for the small LCD in the bathroom, put it in the toilet so you can watch TV while doing a #2, or directly in front of the tub for enjoying while bathing, not on the side next to the sink.  Again, shows that the designer didn't think things through.
5	You must see La Reve.  I didn't want to go to another Cirque performance after seeing "Ka" (terrible), but I'm so glad that I saw La Reve.  It's really really really amazing (and impossible to describe).  I sat on the front row and was completely doused in water many times during the show (they should warn people about that since I wasn't wearing something that was water-friendly and I was carrying a camera).  A towel was provided to cover my lap, but my makeup was gone and my ears had water in them by the end of the show.  There are many beautiful beautiful beautiful men in this show (especially in the Capoeira scene).  I'm not sure if I think that La Reve is better than my favorite show, Zumanity, but it's definitely one of the best shows I've seen in my lifetime.  I hope to shop in the Wynn soon!  There are so many amazing shops there (and I usually hate shopping).
3	I stayed at the Wynn, it is a very nice hotel. The rooms were great, the amenities were good, but the service was very bad. It is definitely not a 5 star hotel, or even a 4 star. With service this bad I'd rate it a 3.5, even though it is beautiful. Here is the brief rundown of my experience. We arrived a bit early, around noon, and in general I'm okay with not being able to check-in if the rooms are not ready, but usually when you go to the front desk to check in they say "hey, do you have a cell phone? I'll call you when your room is available". I then go spend some time, eventually the phone rings and I get to check-in. At the Wynn the woman behind the front desk said "I can try, but I'm off at 3 so you should just come back in a while." Needless to say when I came back at 1, then 2 and finally 3 to see if a room was available yet, each time I had to sit through a huge line just to say, "hey, I'm here could you just let me know when my room is available?" I was very nice about it but I have to say that kind of service sucks. At the Waldorf in NYC I arrived early they were happy to give me a call and let me know that my room was available, At Mandalay Bay they were also happy to give me a call (I arrived at 9AM and had a room by 10). Even the Sheraton gave me a call when I arrived early in Austin.  The next big flop in the service area was at the Cabana next to the pool that we rented. It is expensive to rent a cabana, and you would think that the service at the pool would be at least "alright".... well, after waiting an hour for the bottle of wine, and a half our for the beer I decided ordering from the staff was too much of a bother so I just started going to the bar myself. It wasn't like the staff was bad, it just doesn't seem like there is enough of them and they were never around. Next there was Dinner at Danniel Boulud. This was supposed to be a 4 star dining experience. I was with a small group of people so we made sure to have reservations far in advance, We showed up early to be sure that everything would be taken care of and to get seats outside. It seemed like all would be fine, however when the time finally came for us to go to dinner, we were asked to wait in the bar till our table was ready. We had a reservation, but we waited for nearly an hour for our table to become available. While waiting in the bar we sat and had drinks. A waitress spilled an entire glass of Champaign on one of our guests. Our guest handled it very well, wasn't angry at all, but wanted to get out of his wet shirt (a wet $300 shirt). The manager said he would bring a "polo" shirt down right away (standard procedure). Not quite the same as the $300 shirt, but would do so that our guest didn't have to sit in a wet shirt. After 30 minutes in the wet shirt it was clear that the "polo" was not coming... Another strike out on service and our guest ate dinner in a wet shirt. So an hour into it and a spilled drink and we are finally sat for dinner. The waitress comes up asks if anyone wants something to drink just as we are sitting down. I say "I'd love a Grey Goose and soda". She then turned on her heals and went to go get my drink. However she didn't get a single order from anyone else at the table. A bus boy came around and gave us some water. By the time I got my drink all the water was gone. The waitress then took an appetizer order and my partner Jason asked for the wine list. She handed it to him and left, again without getting anyone else's drink order. The appetizer came, she had not yet taken a drink order or our regular order. She came back, apologized and took the drink order. We order a very good bottle of wine and our guests finally get to order drinks and we put in our food order. The drinks did not come until after our main courses, the appetizers were all gone. I wish I could say that it got better but it didn't. We were a small group, and the service was similar to what you would get at Pizza Hut. I was disappointed. The food was good, but again they fell down hard on the service. And let me just say that I am an easy going guy, I don't often get upset about slow or poor service, but this was unbelievably bad. Next we had reservations and a table reserved at their night club called Tryst. The inside staff were great. But getting to the table was a nightmare. One of our guests went ahead of us and grabbed the table before we got there with the group because we had to pay for it before a specific time and with the slow service at dinner we were running late. Once we arrived with the rest of our guests we let them know that we had a table and we should have walked right in. Instead the short blond security/bouncer at the club took us on a tour and tried to con $200 out of us to get sat at a table which we had already purchased. He asked for a bribe just to get back in the club, tried to have us pay for an additional table.. All in all the service was terrible.
5	Ok, I stayed at the Wynn compliments of the Hotel, thanks to my splurges on gambling.  I gotta warn you,  If you stay here, you will not want to stay anywhere's else.  I mean the bed is beyong heavenly, the views are great, the food is fantastic, seriously room service will cook you damn near anything, I love getting drunk and trashy at a nice hotel and then ordering Macaroni & Cheese!!!!   But all in all,  great hotel, great service.  The only downside was the frig,  you can't use the damn thing, it's packed with beer, water, soda, red bull and if you take something out you better put it back within 30 seconds or your goinna get charged, yep they have electronic sensors in ther mini frig.   But yea I love this damn Hotel!!!   Like I said,  Once you stay here, you won't wanna stay anywhere's else.
4	The first time I visited Wynn Resort was during the July 4th weekend.  I only went to Tryst, their night club and Bartolotta for lunch.  This hotel was beautifully decorated and had man-made waterfalls behind most, if not all, restaurants.  Tryst was amazing...there was a huge water fall behind the dance floor and cabanas wrapped around the pool.  If you had a bit too much to drink, it would appear that people were dancing underneath the falls.  Minimum charge to book a table is about $450, but they'll give you 2 bottles of Crown Royal.Because of the initial visit, I thought this would be another tasteful and classy hotel, so this past weekend, my friends and I decided to book a room at their Tower Suites.  We were given 2 rooms, mine on the 30th floor and my friends' on the 50th floor even though we had asked for a connecting room.  Nevertheless, we didn't complain 'cuz it was 4am when we arrived and we just wanted to go to bed asap.  We went up to the 50th floor first to check out their rooms...for some reason thinking that the rooms on upper floors would be bigger and nicer.  Well, I was disappointed ~  the room was small and their 2 beds were only full-sized beds (it felt).  Their bathroom, however, was huge in comparison.  My room on the 30th floor was almost double the size of the other room.  Again, the bathroom is very nice except it didn't have a vent.  It had a toilet room within the bathroom but there was no vent either.  The bathroom had a shower with floor-to-ceiling glass and also a deep bathtub big enough for 2 people.  There was a small tv that was installed into the wall that faced the sink.  Towels weren't as soft as I would like them to be, but they were clean and nicely folded and organized.  They also provided 2 sets of toothbrush with Rembrandt toothpaste, a razor, shaving cream, shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, cotton swabs, etc...even shoe polish and a bath brush.  There were also 2 bathrobes and 2 slippers in the closet.Although the rooms seemed a bit plain and empty, the beds were very nicely made and it looked and felt very comfortable.  You could open and close the curtain and shade with a button next to the bed.  There's a plasma tv although the distance between the bed and tv is a bit far.  The windows went from floor to ceiling and left & right to each side of the wall, and the view was stunning.  Although our room didn't face the strip with all the night lights, the view of the pool and golf course made up for it during the day.
4	Note: I have not stayed here, eaten here, or tried the club.I only did a walk through and damn this hotel is sexy. Did I just say that? Yes I did. Mr. Wynn has brought sexy back. The hotel had great feng shui, didn't stink of cigarettes, and had was amazing to the eyes. I have never seen a hotel so beautiful in all my life! i only wish I could afford to stay here! I'd probably never leave the hotel!
5	Wonderful hotel! Very classy and swank, but not as ostentatious as the Bellagio. It's a little far from the other hotels on the strip so you'll have to take a cab around, but it's worth it. This is not your college Vegas experience!The TV in the bathroom facing the big tub makes you feel like a 21st century Scarface.
5	Such beautiful interior decoration, it's surreal.  Any other venue will look cheap after you have set foot in the Wynn.I had spaghetti bolognese in the Wynn's little Italian cafe (forgot the name), and it was the BEST pasta I've ever had.  It came with a generous thick slice of garlic bread that was toasted to perfection and oozing with garlicky juice with each bite.  Splendid!For someone who is very difficult to please, I was surprised at how easily the Wynn won me over.
5	Definitely the most opulent casino/hotel in Vegas, and that's saying a lot.  Bellagio seems like the Flamingo Hilton juxtaposed with the Wynn.  Great sports book and lots of places for good photo ops, not in the casino of course.
2	I just got back from a stay at the Wynn and all I can say is stay at the Venetian. I don't always stay at supposedly 5 star resorts like the Wynn but I went there on business and booked one of their more expensive suites. I had a always heard that what makes a really great hotel is the service. Obviously the folks at the Wynn hadn't heard this or don't believe it. Our stay at the wynn got off on the wrong foot when the car the Wynn had arranged to pick us up failed to arrive at the airport. After waiting over an hour for a cab we made it to the wynn. We immediately went to the concierge to complain. I was expecting a profuse apology instead we got the "well it couldn't be our fault because we never arrange cars". After a 15 minute conversation where we were treated like idiots we had our office fax the email string arranging the car with their manager. So they gave us a lame sorry and eventually sent up a wine and cheese tray to our room.I could maybe forgive the car incident if I felt any other service was provided to us. but the concierge was unable to find us a dinner reservation in the hotel-something I was able to manage in 5 mins by walking up to the hostess outside one of the hotel dining establishments and asking him to get me in. This guy was the one bright light in the stay--he was able to make it happen.One last gripe on the service at the hotel-- Standing outside the hotel i asked the bell hop to get me a cab. He said they didn't do that. And that was that. Our room was spacious and elegant but for a $1300 a night suite it should be. Unfortunately,  the Internet connection didn't work in our palatial room. Needless to say when you go somewhere on business these days you expect to easily get online. It took over a day to get the Internet fixed and even when you stay in a crazy expensive suite you have to pay $11 a day for Internet access.What else can I say....the gym equipment in the fitness center was sub par. It is also and additional $25 for use of the fitness center. And during our stay the men's steam room was broken.If I hadn't been paying so much money and been expecting a lavish experience the wynn would have been fine. But I was paying a lot of money and basically I was treated as if I walked in off the street. So if you are looking for beautiful hotel and the royal treatment the wynn is not the place for you.
5	I can't speak for a typical Wynn Las Vegas experience. I have never stayed in the main tower and dealt with the supposedly slow elevators and/or smaller sized rooms.When I went, I stayed at a fairway villa at the country club in the two story wings that extend out from the tower. These rooms are amazing. At approximately 3000 sq ft, plus an additional 2000 sq ft of deck space, these are truly the most magical rooms I have seen in Vegas. Usually they go for 10,000+, but sometimes you can get a good deal!And-- special tip: the first floor villas have private pools (but they aren't willing to give these out to just anyone, which unfortunately, I am-- I'm just anyone).
4	I've stayed in this hotel beginning January 2007 with my husband because he had to attend CES (this is considered to be one of the busiest times to be in Vegas, and also the most expensive because of the show - all the big hotels are occupied in this period and room rates do go up).  The negotiated company rate was 285 dollars a night (for a regular room).  Pro: * Rooms are cleaned well and are big.  * No noise noticable from neighbours. * Good climate control and fresh air in rooms.* Lots of towels available in bathroom.* Nice views if you are upgraded to higher rooms.  Contra:* We booked a King size bed and got two smaller beds.* Be aware that EVERYTHING you do (eat, drink, fitness) is very expensive.* What is up with the: "if you pick this bag of candy up for 60 seconds it will be charged to your hotel room?"  Come on... I think that is a bit exaggerated. * Be prepared: you cannot stuff any drinks of your own in the minibar (since they also have a system to check that).
5	i stayed here it's opening month.  i am giving this place 5 stars because my trip was 100% comped.  this place is amazing if you have money, or if everythings free [:  i stayed int he vip towers in my own room.  greatgreat rooms.  however, there were two full sized beds, not queen sized.  a bit strange.  i love the vip services available to vip guests, like private pools, seperate lobbies (the vip lobby totally caters towards chinese people.. the decor and everything).  the vip room hidden in the casino that always has free chinese food.  they have pretty good restaurants here, although some are not as good as they should be for the prices, and because its the WYNN.  i cant really afford anything in their shops.  oh, and the european topless sunbathing pool is really disappointing.  expected, but still sad.  big fake boobies, old saggy wrinkled white lady tits.  eeew.
5	So far nothing compares to this hotel- I love the attention to detail- flower in every room, turn downs, chocolates and an extensive snack bar...I love love the spa...everything smells new :-)The pool area of varying sizes...pool casino and european style sun bathing ;-) Lots of high end stores for you to spend your winnings- and hotel workers always seem to be around...Wonderful restaurants abound to nurse those hang-overs...better yet go back to the spa!
5	Steve Wynn definitely out did himself...The Wynn is a beautiful hotel through and through, from the decor, to the rooms, to the restaurants. If you're looking to pamper yourself while you're in Vegas, definitely stay at the Wynn.
2	I don't have anything to say about the hotel since I haven't stayed there yet, but I did try the buffet...  Yes, of all things at the Wynn, we ended up eating at their buffet.  Supposedly, they had an abundant amount of crab legs but we never found it.  I'm not a big fan of buffets and even the Wynn's buffet didn't do anything to change my mind.  Yes, they serve a ton of food, but for the price you pay, it's not worth it.  There was nothing spectacular about  the food (it was neither terrible nor memorable)  and the service was atrocious!   I should've learned my lesson a long time ago...  No buffets!  Anywhere.  Not even Vegas.  Not even at the Wynn.  Period.
5	The best of everything. Really. The best poker room. The best waitresses. The best blackjack dealers and tables. Enough said.
5	A friend and I joined the All-Star weekend for a business meeting at the Wynn. What can you say that hasnt already been said about this beautiful hotel? Every detail has been articulately designed and polished which is consistant with the level of service you will get. The rooms are lovely and CLEAN. I have spent many days in high-end hotels and I like how they maintain cleanliness at the Wynn. The casino is also very good and quite busy, including the Poker Room, which I spent a hefty amount of time in. I guess when you join the tables around 3am, you should expect a bunch of guys loaded with booze and cash. My favorite type of opponents. Needless to say, I was among my own. Trashed. The highlight was that part of the hotel has room elevators that are adjacent to the Poker Room, so you can spend plenty of time watching the club-goers and hooker hunters walk back to their rooms with their night's "winnings". And for some, I do use the word "winnings" loosely.SW, the fine-dining restaurant located near the lobby was also quite luxurious. The rib-eye was fantastic, foie gras amazing, beet salad wonderful and the duck impeccable. The highlight here, is that they have a light, video show about every half-an-hour that was borderline acid-trip and live art. Was entertaining to say the least, with my favorite being two extremely large, mechanical flowers that danced to the beat over the waterfall. Much kudos go out to Steve for creating such a great and beautiful hotel in his own vision of what a Vegas hotel should be. Extravagant, elegant, sublime and chic.
4	Wynn wasn't my favorite hotel when it opened up. But when I went for the first time and played 60 bucks there after getting their Red Card, a few months later they send me a comp for a free room. Then I was hooked. The rooms were very beautiful. I asked to get upgraded to a higher floor and due to availability they gave it to me. It was a beautiful strip view. Lots of amenities. Bathrooms are gorgeous. with tile and a clear shower so you can watch all the hookers clean themselves before you stab them. The gambling is state of the art. They have this bonus bingo game while you're playing the machines. The tables are usually packed. The Wynn also has their own poker room with lots of action. Restaurants at the Wynn are very high class. Even the Cafe is expensive for a "cafe".Parking is very accessable. Valet guys are fast. All the cocktail waitresses are good looking. Wynn houses Tryst and Lure, which are the more classier and clubs and lounges in Vegas. However don't expect to not drop a chunk of change. Vegas wasn't born on Winners..remember that. Overall I'm giving them 4 stars because they are clean. They are helpful. The food is good. And they give me lots of money.
5	Great place to stay. Stayed at some other higher end casinos and this one is definitely the best right now. Service staff is great. The casino has higher ceilings and is definitely more comfortable than any other casino. Dealers are usually pretty friendly and worth talking to.They get pretty serious with their comps, it's easy to make the minimum per bet but you'll have to put in a certain amount of time per day as well. Standard stuff but just an FYI. The rooms are plush and very roomy. Great bed as well, very soft and comfortable. The cafe is a bit slow but the food is still good. The buffett is great and the SW Steakhouse is awesome. Definitely recommended.
4	I was lucky enough to hear all the inside anecdotes about the hotel and its history. They definitely put in plenty of thought to create a hotel with class. It didn't jump out at me like the Venetian's gondolas, but their buffet was so good. The waterfall bar outside was pretty cool. Their water show was pretty interesting. I was during the Chinese New Year and All-Star weekend. I have to admit the decorations for Chinese New Year was spectacular. I loved their use of the white lights and red lanterns.
5	I always thought the Bellagio was the best hotel in Vegas until I stayed at the Wynn. The rooms are modern, new and the hotel itself is very easy to navigate. The restaurants were excellent as well as the staff! I also had the chance to briefly meet Steve Wynn while at a meeting with the marketing department. He was very, very nice! The Wynn is the only place I will stay when I visit Vegas again:) It was that good
4	Love the Wynn, take a stroll and enjoy the decor through the mall there. My mom and I got tossed at the sushi restuarant there, Okada's it definitely wasn't the best sushi nor was it on my top 50 list but the atmosphere was enjoyable.  Actually don't remember too much of that since I most like blacked out after my 5th bottle of chilled sake.  Good times.
5	This is my new favorite hotel in LV. Its so new and clean. The shopping section has almost all the high end stores you could want. The waterfall part was a nice touch. Also how it's conveniently located across the street from the fashion mall. Overall one of the best if not the best hotel on the strip!
3	i didn't stay here, and my stroll through just reminded me of the venetian. same style, lots of marble looking floor, flowers gardens in the middle of the hotel, balconies, wrought iron details. really dug the giant water fall out front. makes for some great background for pics
4	I haven't stayed here but love the public restaurants.  The sinks are amazing, the stalls plentiful, and clean, clean, clean.
5	Love it here. One of my favorite hotels in Vegas. The nicest also. My girlfriend and I went here and we requested the highest floor so we got a room on the 60th floor The view was amazing we got to see the shows from Tressure island from our room it was great! The rooms are very luxurious and bed you could melt in, serious. Plasma screen TV in the room and in bathroom, vaulted ceilings very nice decor. The general Casino area is very nice and with 25 dollars I made $900.00 on craps, it seemed like everyone was winning here too. I am a big pool guy, I love hotels with a good pool setup, so when we were going check out the pool we started walking along the pool and saw a bunch of kids and families WTF!!!!!!!!!!  but then I started hearing Loud Club Music and it was 11:00 am, I mean you could feel the floor shake from the base. So I walked towards it then I moved some bushes out of the way and saw a huge pool for 21 over section with topless women, outside poker and blackjack tables, huge center bar and 50 year old men acting like 21 year olds throwing frisbees around. It exceeded all of my expectations! Try the nice Restaurant at the Wynn for a Romantic evening  (Alex) very nice but be prepared to shell out $1000.00 for 2. Last night we were there I met Flavor flave he was staying on our floor with his family, ugly bastard I might ad LOL. All in all this Hotel is 5 stars all the way would definetly go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	The Wynn ROCKS!!  We just spent the last couple of nights here and it is NOW our new "go to" hotel in Vegas.  Awesome pool, awesome golf course, extremely spacious.  Two things that bug the crap out of me in Vegas are bad ventilation and sardine cramped hotels.  At  the Wynn, I never really smelled smoke and didn't feel claustrophobic at all.  Overall, the facilities are first rate.  Floor to ceiling windows, flat screens in the bedroom and bathroom, a nice big tub to relax in...Just an overall great experience.  We can't wait to come back...
5	Ever wanted to feel like a movie star?Do what I did - tag along to your rich younger brother's birthday bash at the WYNN. Being the baller that he is, he checked out one Standard Room, one Tower Suite, and...wait for it...:...One of the Fairway Villas at the Wynn! Seriously, I kept looking for the MTV Cribs camera crews. The room had 2 50" plasma flat screens, mirrored ceilings, a massage room, His, Hers AND guest bathrooms, jacuzzi, need I go on...? I tried a bidet for the first time!Celebrity sightings (besides myself...I mean, I walked around in giant sunglasses, hot pants, a mini trench, high heels and a cigarette the whole time - what a f*cking STAR!):Geena DavisSteve MartinSteve Wynn (no real stretch, there)Elevator ride with John Cleese and Kevin NealonA few minor complaints (what kind of yelper would I be if I couldn't bitch about SOMETHING?): 1. Problems with temperature control. The hallways are either stifling or freezing.2. They need a monorail from the rooms to the casino. We were honestly discouraged from going down to gamble because of the Long Mile to and from our "Villa."3. Couldn't find a decent meal. The room service was awful. Really bad. Someone ordered a breakfast pizza. With 9 people there, it went uneaten. And I already Yelped about Bartolotta's. Worst $300 spent yet.Anyway, it's a brilliant use of space. It's splashy without being theme-y. The drunk douche bag factor is way low. The service is so good you have to keep pinching yourself. Maybe after my big break, I'll take a year hiatus at the Fairway Villas: Steve Wynn's newest masterpiece.
5	I was here for five nights last month for work(convention) and the Wynn is definitely a hotel I will be staying at again. I am a clean/neat freak so for me to say the Wynn met my needs in these areas is very rare. I saw few obnoxious drunks staggering around the casino floor(okay, I might have been one my last night there). Every encounter I had with a staff member was pleasant and you can tell that people are genuinely happy to be working at the Wynn. I've been to plenty of hotels that this isn't the case. The dresses on the cocktail waitresses on the casino floor are probably the shortest I have ever seen, yet... in some way are still classy. The Wynn made sure every woman waitressing can wear the dress well :-)The pool was nice but the "European" pool did not live up to the hype everyone had made it out to be. Maybe saw two or three topless ladies late afternoon Saturday but they could have done everyone a favor and kept the top on. Overall, this was not a big deal so, blah... The spa on the other hand, incredible! Steam & Dry Sauna, hot tubs... only thing is that I saw two guys in the main hot tub share a quick kiss and I could have gone without seeing that(they didn't do it in front of me but I saw it out of the corner of my eye).One thing that I think would make the hotel better. In the rooms, the flat panels are too small and the sound quality sucks. The flat panel in the bathroom serves no viewing purpose and they might as well have a radio in there since all I did was listen to the tv not see it.  Although I think the Bellagio has a slight edge over the Wynn, I would definitely recommend the Wynn to anyone who is considering staying there on their visit to Vegas! Oh, make sure to check out the singing frog show... Lowrider... Awesome!
4	This hotel is really nice, but it's mostly for the over 40 crowd. The restaurants are great, though. I stayed for 4 nights and could not have been happier with the room accommodations or the friendliness of the staff. However, if you don't take Centrum and you want to go balls out Vegas crazy I recommend the Hard Rock.
5	I just returned today from my long weekend at this great hotel. One of my new favorite hotels to stay at. I had to assure myself that my first Vegas experience would be one to remember...Especially since it was my Birthday weekend with the girls! This hotel had a major part in that.    The service was the best! The restaurants were delicious. The pool was unlike any other I've layed by. There were different sections. A calm and relaxing one and the other has a bar w/ a mini casino surrounding it and a dome with a DJ! The rooms were also nice. I especially liked the flat screen in the bathroom and the buttons by the bed to open and close the blinds. The casino was good and the dealers made sure to keep things lively and rolling! (Unfortunately I lost but my friend had some luck!) It tended to be a bit chilly... but what casino isn't kept under 60? lol.   Things inside can tend to be pricey. But, that's what you get for staying at the best hotel in Vegas. The age group tends to be a little older, probably because of the higher prices. Some young groups. Many international visitors. The boutique stores downstairs were only the best! Chanel, Dior, Manolo Blahnik, etc.(Not to mention the Ferrari/Maserati dealership attached to the hotel) The only thing that truly made me frustrated was the line to get a taxi. I felt like a child waiting impatiently at Disney World to get on a ride.   Besides that EVERYTHING else was great. Classy and unique. The gym was better then the one at the Ritz Clubs and the Spa/Salon was also great with some last minute appointments. Room service was good and prompt. You can't miss out on the hotel restaurants though! Housekeeping was also great with my random times I requested them! Everyone was just truly helpful in every way!
5	One thing that Steve Wynn does time and again is outdo himself.  The Mirage might not seem like much of anything now, but believe me when it opened it was a BIG DEAL.  The Bellagio was his crowning jewel up until last year and the Wynn.  It's undeniably gorgeous.  The mosaic floors, hanging lamps, the giant cascading waterfall - everything is so beautifully and expertly appointed.  No detail was overlooked.I've never stayed OR played here, only done the requisite local walk through a couple of times but for me, a life long Vegas resident who isn't impressed by much these days, this place impressed me.  That is not an easy feat.  A must see, and I would bet a must stay as well.
4	I didn't stay here but I ate at the buffet. It's great! Tons of good stuff. HUGE crab legs, shrimp, seared fish, game hen, all sorts of vegetables and salads, prime rib, sushi...... Leave room for dessert. Creme brule, ice cream (get the mango sorbet), chocolate anything. Awesome. It cost about $35 not including beverages.
5	Even though we only had the basic room the room is comparable to the suites in other hotels.  Sure you don't get the size of a suite, but you get all the goodies.LCD HDTV with on demand TV and MoviesAutomatic CurtainsCordless PhoneA neat color LCD phonefax machineclock radio with Aux InLCD TV in the bathroomdigital scaleThe decor of the room among the best I've stayed at.  The bed was very comfortable with nice down comforters.  If you like hearing your own name this is the place for you!  Everything is personalized.  They have your name on the phone, they have your name on the TV menus, they have your name on the room key/Players club card.  I'm surprised they didn't embroider my name on the robe or something.
5	The very best is what the Wynn has to offer their guests who have the opportunity to stay at the hotel/casino.  Imagine staying on the 58th floor with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the famous Las Vegas strip.  At night the view was absolutely incredible, lights filled the area, the ability to watch the TI show, Mirage show and the Wynn show was fantastic.  The hotel is a massive impressive building that really outdid itself.  Room:The most comfortable bed, down filled pillows and comfortable with pillow-top mattress.  A flat screen plasma tv that displays your name on the main menu and it also adjusts for viewing pleasure in the bed or on the sofa.  The bathroom with the separate shower, two person deep tub and dual sinks.  The toilet was also separate, which is a nice option.  You get complimentary terry inside, silk outside robes and slippers, shampoos, conditioner, moisturizer, body wash and other necessary toiletries.  Also have a small plasma tv in the bathroom, which is great if you want to relax with a bubble bath, listening to a music channel or just watching the news.  The drapes were remote controlled to open and close.  It was amazing!Room Service:All day dining, this was the ultimate treat.  The food was amazing.  The best eggs Benedict.  They will even bring you food to your bed, just have to say the magic word "KEY IN".  It truly is an experience.  The french pressed coffee was rich and bold.  They will make you whatever you desire.  For a true indulgent go with the hot fudge sundae, a true classic but served in such a fun yummy way.Staff:Incredible friendly from the bell desk, concierge, room service, maid service, casino, etc.  Everyone is their to make your trip one that you will never forget.Pool:A great place to go and relax, they have a huge bar area which also has some gaming which is a lot of fun to do outside with a real beachy atmosphere.  Cocktail waitresses walk around and will even serve you in the pool.  You can also order food and if your really feeling like the ultimate experience, go with a cabana.  It is much cheaper during the week and starts at 150.00 for half day.  This gets you a nice room, lounge chairs, fruit, water and personal service.  They have a lot of room to roam, but best to get here early or ask one of the staff members to find you a lounge chair cause it does get crowded.Shopping:Imagine stores that appeal to everyone but afforded by the rich.  They have high end stores from Dior to Men, the only Rolex store to Cartier and Chanel.  Its a lot of fun to browse through but you need to bring the cash to afford anything.Dining:So many restaurants to choose from Daniel, Alex, Red 8, Terrace Point Cafe, Buffet, etc.  It has every type of food from Italian, Continental, Chinese, Japanese and American.  They even have a shoppe that makes delicious homemade chocolates and a coffee bar.Entertainment:Le Reve is their Cirque O Le style show which I highly recommend.  It was absolutely amazing, the production was perfect.  The music was intents and the performers were so very talented.  Spamalot is also available which is a musical from Monty Pylon.  I haven't had the chance to see this but heard it is funny and very entertaining.Club:Tryst- This was gorgeous, but very hard to get into.  They have a decent sized dance floor, but the outdoor area is what really sells you.  Imagine two huge waterfalls with comfy couches and light show to relax and listen to a DJ who really knows how to spin a variety of music from hip hop, rock, 80's to reggae.  It was the most fun ever.  They had lots of beautiful people and the drinks were 15.00 and up.  The VIP section I heard was extremely expensive but it looked worth it, only if you can afford to drop 3,000.SPA/GYM:I didn't get to use this amenities on my trip, but from what friends told me, it was incredible from the massage, facials, manicure/pedicure to the sauna room.  The gym had a lot of equipment and you might even spot celebrities using it.  You do have to pay for the gym, but if you have a spa treatment you can use the gym on that day no extra charge.Overall:I was so spoiled staying at THE WYNN and it was truly hard to venture out of the hotel.  Once you stay here you will not be able to stay anywhere else in VEGAS.  Spend a little more and enjoy the WYNN experience, also note you have to ask for a great room with a view of the Strip on the highest floor you can get.  You won't be sorry.
5	Update 8/2007Just got home from another stay at the Wynn, we arrived late Tuesday and headed home Saturday. All in all, it was a great stay. Service was good and check in was quite pleasant. The suites are amazing with their own pools and spacious accomodations. The pool this time was pretty crowded but we had a cabana which I highly recommend. They are a bit pricey, but it's nice to have one if you spend a lot of time at the pool. The Wynn really doesn't have a lot of shade so having the cabana to retreat to is nice. The pool also (unfortunately) had more kids in the main pool this time than on other visits. Don't get me wrong, there were still quite a few less children than many other other hotel pools though so this still wasn't terrible. The Cabana Bar makes a great margarita and other great drinks, but as with everything at the Wynn, keep in mind that they are pricey ($12-14 for most blended drinks.) I wasn't disappointed aside from the experience at Chanel, but I don't blame that on the Wynn. I'll return.============I'll be perfectly honest: one of the reasons I LOVE the Wynn is because of the "No Stroller" policy. No strollers = fewer people who bring their whining little monsters along = great thing in my book. I can see why this wouldn't appeal to some, but I personally appreciate it. That said, Steve Wynn is known for being over the top and liking excess and this place is definitely just that. I hate your typical Vegas "theme" hotels in general and so if you're the same way, this place, a long with the Four Seasons are the best of the bunch if you actually want to stay in the the area of the strip. The Wynn however does have the Four Seasons beat as far as having a central location.Even the regular rooms are pretty spacious and if you like luxury, you really can't go wrong with this hotel. Huge tubs, spacious bathrooms... All in all, I recommend it. Particuarly if you don't have children or if you're just not a fan of them in general.
5	So far Steve Wynn's plan is working in Las Vegas -- ever since the inception of the world famous Wynn Casino in 2005, this has quickly risen to the ranks that only rival the Venetian and Bellagio in hotel class standards.  But does it really deserve to be there?  In a word:  absolutely.The casino is one of the best in Vegas, with a superior layout that allows folks coming from all directions to have a clear path to get to the other side and a decor that is simply unmatched.  The rooms are decadent from the standard rooms to the beautiful suites that are luxurious enough for any king / queen, while flawlessly combining style and amenities. Tryst (formally La Bete) is easily the most posh lounge / night club with a tinge of elegance and one heck of a good time.   There are almost too many restaurants to pick from as they are all very good but extremely expensive.  Finally, their website is top notch and whoever put that beautiful piece of multimedia together (love the flash, voice overs, sleek design), deserves a good bit of money.And for those who are in the area, check out the near-identical one in Macau, China.  Just gorgeous.
4	for what it is and for having the wynn name tied to it, i expected more.  stayed in a standard room.  it was very nice but if i'm comparing price ranges, it doesn't beat THEHotel at Mandalay Bay.  The room was huge but the LCD TV was tiny being in the big room.  However, their guest-only spa is the best place to get a massage.  Great services and they have a very unique feature.  A huge waterfall of water in which you can stand under. The water falling down is a massage alone. They have separate men and women's facilities so if you have the guts, you can prance around in your birthday suit and enjoy all sauna, the waterfall and all the other great amenities.
2	Not worth the price. I had high expectations for this hotel's amenities and service. The Wynn is definitely not the Ritz or Nordstroms of the Las Vegas Strip (at least not for the masses - perhaps they treat their high rollers well). Our experience started at check-in. We attempted to check-in at 1:30pm and were told that there were not any rooms available yet with two double beds. We were offered rooms with king beds but since this was my good friend's bachelorette party weekend, we needed the double beds. We finally were able to check-in at 6:30pm. The desk explained that the rooms were not available because they allow guests to pay for a 1/2 day and stay until 6:00pm. We were not offered any comps or upgrades for our inconvenience. The room itself was nice but not worth their $300-$400/night charge. We also experienced attitude from the bell desk where we were forced to check our bags until our room was ready. Also, the hotel decor itself was very reminiscent of Bellagio, just a bit newer. Nothing special.We did eat at Corsa Cucina and that was fine - pricey but decent service and food. Tryst was a great experience that I would recommend to any faithful club-goer. But, the line was already at least an hour long when we arrived at 10 (but since we were a bachelorette party they let us ahead of the line). Of course the club itself was empty when we arrived - not sure why it took them so long to let people inside.
5	I hate to say it, but after staying here a couple of times a girl can get spoiled!  Also as a side note, while you're there you gotta watch Le Reve, I'm a huge fan of Vegas shows!  One of the best things about the Le Reve theater is there no such thing as a bad seat in the house.  I still watch it every other time I go to Vegas   :)I have to admit when Wynn first opened their doors, everything was BEAUTIFUL and everything is STILL beautiful, but I can see a slight aging since the last few times I was there.  It's not that bad if you compare their aging process to another strip hotel.  I can't wait until they finish Encore!!!  I'm so excited!
5	In addition to a dinner at Acquerello (*shameless plug* read my review!), I also took Art to Vegas for his birthday this year (again!). What?!?! Yeah, I must really like him... ;-) But, since he spoils me rotten, I also have to return the favor every now and then. This time, I booked our stay at the Wynn. I made the reservation online. It was very easy and fast. The hotel is simply beautiful - both the interior and exterior. This is one of those hotels where the moment you walk in, you know you're in for a great experience. We also had a view of the golf course. The atmosphere of the room was so damn clean and comfortable, I didn't want to leave. And the bathroom? Yeah, if I were to design an ideal bathroom, I'd model it after the bathroom at the Wynn. =)The minibar = way too easy access. I guess they know most guests would be easily tempted. I'm afraid to say that it didn't work on us. The bed? Comfy. For the price you pay here, I also think they should provide free wi-fi. The staff was helpful and friendly. Because this is such a popular hotel, expect a line for a taxi. In summary, this hotel screams luxury. While the hotel is pricier than most on the strip, it was worth every penny. Best hip, hotel in Vegas. There's just no comparison. Just look at the long lines to Tryst or the several hard-to-book restaurants, for proof. I wouldn't want to stay at any other hotel besides the Wynn during my visits to Vegas now. You've spoiled us, Wynn! =)
5	I had never been to Vegas.....WHAT!? you say! Yes never.Because of the Wynn I will go back, do I need to go on?Recently in a magazine Nora Ephron wrote that this hotel is not Vegas incredible - it IS incredible. She was so right.Now the decor throughout the hotel may not be what I normally look for in a hotel - but there is no denying that it is over the top amazing. Even the casino was a cut above the rest. The buffet - I scarfed my way through the buffet the morning we flew back to SF. I needed it - the night before involved more types of alcohol than you are supposed to consume in an evening. Fun. But alcohol poisoning was happening. The food at the buffet was delicious - all of it. I tried asian, spanish, american, french and what ever else they had. I visited every station and they were are presented beautifully and the service was friendly and informative.So let's go back to the front desk - when I checked in on a Tuesday there were still quite a few other people checking in. The staff is extremely talented at expediting your wait - so much so that there is no wait. And everything I heard about hotels in Vegas proir to this trip indicated to me I would be waiting...for awhile. Never happened. In fact I never waited for anything at this hotel. That probably is what I appreciated most - they were always available to help you. The very pretty girl at the front desk offered a higher floor room to me - pointing out the advantage of the view. And then she proceeded to stick me up at the very top of the hotel - stunning view, beautiful suite, I couldn't have been happier.One other thing about the room - the bathtub. Gigantic. I am not a bath believer. I have never understood the whole "take a bath" thing. But I found out why at the Wynn. No one makes a bathtub (that I can afford) that I can stretch out in. So why bother. The Wynn has the tub for me. I took a bath drunk as a skunk and it was incredible. I am going to miss that tub.I got a pretty good deal on expedia for my fights and hotel - which was one of the reasons I chose this hotel. I will definitely spend what I have to to go back and stay at the Wynn again. Roll the dice - it's a great bet!
5	I want to live at The Wynn. Just got back (3rd time staying at the wynn)...and I love it more each time. The guy checking us in upgraded us to the tower suites...for no reason, which was nice! The amenities are amazing. Their attention to detail is impeccable. It takes Vegas to a whole new 'non-trashy' level!
4	"But it's away from the rest of the strip...why are we staying there..."Forget the rest of the strip! This is the place to see and be seen. For three days, we didn't leave this place except to go dune buggying. Who knows, one day the Wynn might have that too.Maybe this is just what happens when a new high-end casino opens up, but every staff member here is efficient, courteous and extremely good-looking.People watchers, this is your place. We tried to look casual, just strolling around and just a-lookin'. I think just about everyone is doing the same thing.The pool is simply the most amazing in Las Vegas. And yes, "European pool" = topless people. The kind of people that should be topless.
5	If I were forced to move to Vegas this would be my #1 choice in living arrangements.  Of course I'm assuming that I'm rich and don't have to work but that's beside the point.  This place is heaven!This hotel is amazing and the service is great!  anything you could possibly want is there, there's no reason to leave.  Except for a quick jog over to Fashion Mall (which is right across the street).  My trip was too quick to see everything that the place has to offer but here's what I managed.....The Casino - A++ very clean with loose slots and tons of free cocktails.Parisol up - Great lounge!  I love that it's right inthe middle of everything.  My only complaint is that they had a little trouble getting my drink right, but they comped it so all is right with the world.The Buffet - This place was HUGE!  And the food was great.  very fresh with lot's of options.Tryst - How can you complain when you are at the same club as MC Hammer and Shug Knight?  I mean really, the comedy of it all.  Awesome place though, we had a great time.  Go before Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan start trashing the place!All in all the Wynn is a great experiance.  I plan on going back very soon!!
4	I love this hotel!!!!Just got back from my third stay there and the keep getting better!!!!First stay honest was not great, second stay was a total turnout from the first. Third time was a charm! Service was great, food was better and the VIEW I got from my orbitz upgrade was FABULOUS!!The only reason way they don't get 5 stars is:1. Cleaning staff somehow throughout my lovely fiances retainer. However, once notified there were ON IT! I will update pending out come of whether or not the replace them.2. 3 years in a row the drinks at the pool were WEAK! For $14 a pop for a margarita I want to get a buzz on.Regardless, this is far my all time favorite hotel.Cheers Mr Wynn!
5	I've stayed at Wynn three times (the last time for two weeks), and I've yet to get tired of it.  It's my favorite hotel in town.I like the room a lot! The standard room is very large. Ten foot ceilings make it feel larger still. The walls have textured wall paper with colors that vary from room to room. The ceiling is white; the furniture is light colored. One wall is completely taken up by floor to ceiling windows. The curtains (both sheer and solid) are electronically controlled by buttons near the bed.There's a good amount of drawer space. The dresser itself is somewhere limited, as one side is devoted to a mini bar. However, there are two very large night stands with drawers.  There is a large closet, with a safe. The flat screen TV is mounted on the wall to the left of the bed. It swivels to provide a good view from the bed, or anywhere else in the room.The A/C is OK, but in hotter months if the curtains are opened and the sun is shining into the room it never gets cold - cool, but I like cold. I've noticed this money/energy saving feature is becoming more common in hotels.There's a desk, a round table, a sofa, and a large oval footstool (or something).  There are three phones, a FAX, and internet access. There's a fancy clock radio. If you have an iPod, a cable from the radio will plug into the iPod and play back your iPod's music.The bed is wonderfully comfortable. It has more pillows than anyone needs, but the turndown service moves most of them off the bed and out of the way.The bathroom is huge. It has a large shower, a very large tub, two sinks with a center area and chair, a small flat screen TV, and a scale. The toilet is in a separate room.OK, on to the rest of the hotel.  For such a big place, its feels compact.  Walks are generally short, compared to other Las Vegas hotels.  Employees are friendly and enthusiastic.  Water features are visible from many spots: Okada, Daniel Boulud, SW Steakhouse, Sugar & Ice, Parasol Down, and probably other places as well.  None of the water features are terribly dramatic or awe inspiring (a la Bellagio), but they are restful and pleasing.  Stores are super expensive.  I'd never buy anything (except at the chocolate shop), but they're fun to look at.I've fallen in love with the restaurants.  They're not perfect (for example, they need a good ptisserie like the one in Bellagio or Paris), but their overall level of quality is head and shoulders above any other hotel's offerings.  Also, with one exception, the restaurants are originals; the head chef spends his time at the restaurant.  The pool is large, but not designed for playing; there are no water slides, lazy rivers, or the like.  The shape - long and thin - means that the pool area doesn't feel as crowded, as people are spread out.  In cooler weather, the water is heated to a comfortable temperature (unlike some other places, which advertise heated pools, but heat the water just enough to prevent it from turning solid).  There's an adults only/topless pool as well.Wynn is heavily into orchids.  They use different genera in different areas.  Hundreds of big blue hybrid Vanda blooms grace the elevator lobby.  Each restaurant seems to sport its own genus.  As an orchid nut, I enjoyed this nicety.I had read that the elevators were hot.  I haven't noticed this, even though I like things chilly.  I had also read complaints about long waits for elevators.  I never experienced this either, although the elevators were sometimes pretty full.Valet service looked like it could be a trouble spot, as it was pretty congested.  However, in practice it's turned out to be OK.  The line for taxis was a little worse.  Often there was almost no wait, but in the evening, I twice had to wait between 10 and 15 minutes.  This was at least in part due to the way the taxis had to wait in a single line, underground, until each was called in turn.Your room key card is also your players card.  In some ways this is convenient; there's just one card for everything.  However, it's also worrisome.  I tend to forget my card in slot machines, and did this once in Wynn.  This means I also lost my room key.  The card doesn't have any room number on it, and doesn't have your last name, so it's not too serious, but it's still a pain.  When I went to the registration desk to report my loss, they guessed what had happened even before I spoke, as I was taking out my driver's license as identification.  I suspect this happens a lot.Overall, my complaints are minor, my enjoyment level high.
3	Sorry to be the spoiler in a long list of happy 4 or 5 star reviews, but I seriously cannot give Wynn any more than 3 stars considering my vist there.  While the hotel and the rooms are luxurious, customer service isn't as great and things just aren't at the level you would expect a Steve Wynn hotel to be at.Check-in, where the hotel should be trying to make its best impression, was miserable here.  The reception area looks pretty, but the individual lines are confusing.  What was the worse thing about check-in was the hopeless customer service.  We had arrived early by about an hour and were told that in order to get two rooms together, we would have to wait until 3 pm.  Fine with us...I just wish that they could have directed us to someone who could hold our luggage while we waited out that one hour.  There are no seats anywhere near reception, unless you count that little bar out in the veranda overlooking the waterfall and "lake."  Even then you had to have a one drink minimum to sit out there.We check back at 3 pm, only to be told that only one room was ready.  The other room didn't become available until 5:30 pm - way later than what was initially promised to us.  That room had wet carpets from a recent cleaning.  We complained and they moved us to a different room on another floor, which had a TV that didn't work, a restroom light that was burned out, and missing glasses.  So after a full afternoon of stress, we ended up on different floors anyway.  Now, if maybe this was a Best Western or a Motel 8, we wouldn't have cared so much.  But this is the freaking Wynn, supposedly the most luxurious hotel on the Strip.  We expect that a stay at the Wynn will be free of problems and things like a broken TV (an engineer had to come up to fix it)!  A complaint about our check-in experience to the assistant manager on duty didn't bring about much, other than some excuse about how the front desk doesn't get much communication with the cleaning staff.  They did offer some chocolates as an apology, which I thought was just about the lamest apology from a hotel ever.  You comp people left and right and all you could offer to a really disappointed guest was chocolates???  Umm...thanks....guess who won't be back to stay at the Wynn ever again?They do get stars for having a lovely swimming pool, as well as a luxurious room with the most comfortable pillows I've ever used.  I'd be back to eat at their amazing buffet, but I doubt that anyone from my family would go back and risk repeating the check-in experience again.
5	We stayed in a $1000 a night suite in the VIP towers for the weekend. The  suite was huge! The bathroom was the size of my bedroom and I could have done a few cartwheels the length of the bathroom. The hotel staff are awesome, the service was spectacular, I only have nice things to say about this hotel. Big Pimpin' spendin cheese . . .
5	I love this Hotel, its so classy without being stuck up, I havent stayed at the rooms (yet) but I can say that this casino serves the best drinks in all the strip (along with Bellagio) the glasses are real size (even if you are playing penny slots!), not even MGM or Venetian comp you drinks this good and big, believe me...For these hot days I also recommend going to "Sugar and Ice" they make the most delicious Ice cream, try the coconut flavored, yum!***UPDATEGot a comp for a free night, OH-MY-GOD. Wynn has THE most comfortable beds I have ever been on, seriously.Loved the Top-to-bottom windows also. The bathroom was also amazing, flat-screen TV... nice little taste we got from them and I DO intend to go back and (if I have to) pay for the stay!
4	I did not stay here (stupid me) but I spent time in the casino and walking around the hotel. And I can tell you that hands down this place beats the Venetian in terms of atmosphere, environment and service. Here's why: The Wynn Casino was not smoky and disgusting like the Venetian. There lots of non-smoking tables and the place felt really clean and open and not cramped at all. Pleasant even. Plus, the dealers were all incredibly friendly and sweet, as were the pit bosses/managers. I got over my fear of single deck black jack here and cleaned up, yo! Plus the cocktail waitresses actually came around and gave me drinks almost twice as much as I got when in the casino at The Venetian where the cocktail waitresses were never around and seemed only interested in men when they did come by.
5	LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE .... oh wait, I LOVE The Wynn!!This is the 3rd time I've stayed here and now neither I or my best friend will stay anywhere else in Vegas.  It's that phenomenal!!All the staff are excellent!  They are super friendly and accommodating, not stuffy the way you might think staff would be in a place of this caliber.  We arrived in Vegas and to The Wynn at 8am.  We prepared to leave our bags with the bell desk and head straight to the pool assuming there was no way there would be a room ready for us.  Surprise!  They had a beautiful room ready for us - fabulous!  We had a gorgeous suite with a view of the absolutely magnificent golf course.  Funny thing is every time we try to count how many peeps are swinging their clubs, the most we count is 8.  Steve Wynn has priced his course at $500/head and you *must* be staying at the hotel to play there ... He obviously doesn't feel the need to fill the course ... Oh well, must be nice to have that bank ...Speaking of the pool ..... Bellisimo!  We lounge poolside at their European Pool, enjoying the fun and lively crowd and the tunes bounding from the DJ stand.  And yes, European Pool does indicate topless tanning ... There is something quite freeing and liberating about the whole experience.  Granted, I don't know if I would have felt this way in my 20s?...  Guess its part of the rambunctious character that comes with rockin' your 30s.  ;)  A necessity in the 113 degree weather is a Citronade - vodka and lemonade slushie ... Delish!Within The Wynn are the Esplanade shops ... I'll write-up the stores I shopped in each separately.  Overall, FABULOUS!  All the high-end designer boutiques under one gloriously, smoke-free roof:  Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Manolo Blahnik, etc ... Planning to go to Vegas and coming home with money still in the bank account is sadly not possible ... ;)LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE   LOVE .... oh wait, I LOVE The Wynn!!
5	After numerous times at Wynn, I'm ready to write a review. I always feel like I can't get a feel for a hotel unless I stay there multiple times, but I feel fairly confident in my review from the trips on the casino floor I'm in awe. I have put a friend of mine to bed when she needed some girlie help up the elevator and into her room and can I saw WOW, she had a regular room with a king bed and the bathroom alone is worth the stay. I pledge to eat at every restaurant, have drinks in every lounge and overall spend more time at the casino. Last night just walking through the casino, going to the bathroom (yes we all know that the bathroom is telling of a place), window shopping, perusing the fragrance and girlie store at 1am, eating at the fabulous cafe overlooking the pool, I'm hooked!! I love this place!
3	Eh.  After seeing excessively glowing reviews of this place, I am compelled to chime in.  Not that this isn't an overall fabulous hotel, but I just don't know if I'd rate it as high on the coolness scale as it seems to put itself, you know?  I wasn't actually paying for my room (vacay with the 'rents, yay!), and I can say with confidence that I don't think it would be worth my hard-earned cashola.  Yes, the room was gorgeous, with an obnoxiously large bathroom, and I could have melted away into those soft sheets... had construction not woken me up every morning.  I guess it's just that if you're going totally top notch, you have a certain level of expectation, and there were several ways the Wynn felt short.  The staff was never particularly friendly, and we actually felt like some sort of riff-raff as we were physically stopped to show our keys on our way to the elevator.  The pool area completely filled up by midday, leaving us to wander around like lost little kids looking for seats to put our overly plush towels on.  We had heard how amazing the gym was, but there was an exorbitant daily charge if you wanted to use it (unless you signed up for an equally exorbitant spa service.)  And my mom's biggest peeve: we had to wait well over an hour for brunch (it was Mother's Day, apparently a holiday for brunching), and it felt like we were in line for a ride at Disneyland, not an expensive brunch in a fancy hotel.  You'd think it would have occurred to them to walk around with pastries or something to keep us from getting restless, but instead the staffers just barked at people not to cut in line and watched us stare at our watches.  As one of the most expensive of the expensive hotels of this city, I expected better.
5	So, this was my 2nd trip to The Wynn Hotel in Las Vegas.  My first trip was amazing and I didn't think it could be topped, but it actually was.  The Wynn is one of those places that you never have to leave and we never did.  Me and my best friend were totally content just being at the Wynn all day everyday.  We layed out at the European pool everday.  Yes, that would be topless.  No pictures are allowed, so the one on the site is us by the bar at the pool.  You don't have to leave the hotel to eat either as it has some of the best food you can get on the strip.  Shopping is an event!  I got my first pair of Manolos on this last trip.  You don't have to worry about the smoky Vegas smell as Mr. Wynn has suction fans that suck all the smoke out so you can be in the casino for hours and never feel like you are inhaling lung cancer.  The clientelle is also very pleasing to the eye and very classy.  I'm completely spoiled now and can't imagine staying anywhere else in Vegas.
4	I didn't stay in the rooms here, they were WAY out of my price range, but I did enjoy the beautiful public spaces of the hotel while here for a friend's wedding.  A stylized flower motif is repeated in different textures in the carpeting, marble flooring, walls, and ceilings depending on the location.  It's a huge place, with high-end shops, the ubiquitous casino, waterfalls visible out the windows, restaurants all over, public art, and of course a wedding chapel.  The wedding chapel here is very tasteful, beautifully decorated and set apart from the main casino floor.   The reception rooms are directly across the hall, a great space for 100-150 people, and the food was incredible.  While exploring the rest of the hotel I was happy to note a large number of relatively affordable (~$30/entree) restaurants which I would be happy to eat at on a return trip.
5	Okay, so I'm just a blubbering dork when it comes to small luxuries... and the Wynn is a BIG one so.... If you're a gambler and want to get the schweet comps, PLAY HERE. The suites are gorgeous and the service is impeccable.The fact that you can take the elevator down from your room, dine at Alex, wander back up to your room for a quick smoke break... and come back for more of your tasting menu at Alex, is friggin' fantastic. Ok, ok... so most people wouldn't do that... but hey! If you're high rollin' you can do anything you want!I uploaded a couple sweet suite pictures so check it out!
3	I didn't stay in the hotel rather walked my ass around the casino and tried to take in the club (Tryst). At least I know where all the cool kids go while in Vegas. The hotel is so-so as you really have to have a high roller lifestyle to appreciate the beauty of it. Somewhat verges on gaudy and old. A little too stuffy for my tastes. Stay there if you get comped otherwise Bellagio all the way.
4	So for some reason I am really interested in bathrooms. We went for drinks here before heading out to the bachelor(ette) party and I had "to go." I love high ceilings and I could have spent 30 minutes admiring the sinks and decor..... anyways... decent drinks, beautiful hotel... coming back for a peak when I return
4	Just came back from staying here 4 nights.  Loved the hotel.  Can't say enough good things about it.  The last time I was in Vegas I stayed at the Bellagio when it was the nicest hotel on the strip.  Now I will stay here.The room was very nice.  Great panoramic view of the strip which is especially fun at night.  The bed was super comfy which is what they are known for.The pool was nice.  Water temperature just right, the whole area was very clean and constantly being picked up by the staff.    The hostesses around the pool offered pretty quick drink service. Next time I would like to rent a cabana though - very pricey but nice to have the shade and misters. Plus a plasma TV!  Certainly if you go with friends or another couple, worth the price.The bar areas are all very nice, clean, not too loud.  Someplace fun to hang out.  The sports book looked fantastic!  All of the gaming areas are clean.  Yes, it is pricey to gamble here but its a high-roller place.  So $5.00 blackjack is down street if you want it (currently across the street at The Frontier which is closing this weekend - no doubt for another luxury hotel and casino - Trump I believe.)  The Penske-Wynn Ferrari showroom and dealership is also here.  They charge $10 to look at the cars - which I think is silly if you are a hotel guest. But beautiful cars for sure.  And does keep the many teenage boys out of there (saw them drooling through the windows) which is likely the reason...The staff were always very friendly. From the registration desk to the taxi porters to the pool attendants.  I also appreciate that they have on-the-ball security.  They seem like they are paying attention and not just biding their time to get off their shift.  2 complaints though: One is no coffee maker in the room or ability to get one (The Ritz on Maui "rents" them to you for your stay.)  How many people would like to wake up and have their coffee before going downstairs?  And the coffee bar downstairs is cute but would rather have one in my room.Second is they charge a $25 use fee for the gym even if you are a guest.  That seems ridiculous.  Even a $25 fee for our whole stay would have been ok.  Seems like I am paying quite a bit to stay here per night so the gym shouldn't be an upsell.  But would definitely go back!
4	An experience like the first time you have a really good cup of coffee. You've had countless cups before but this one is sublime.One of our favorite hotels in Vegas, if not our favorite. Not the party out of hand and get crazy spot. Best for pure relaxation, having a good time and getting pampered. When you are spending a good amount of money service is key and the service here is 1st class. Impeccable service all around (even the bathroom attendants), except the check-in lines, but there is a bar to order drinks while you wait..Amazing selection of tier one restaurants (Tableau, Alex, SW and Chocolat). Tryst night club is both impressive (two story waterfall, dancing inside/outside) and filled with good times - not a single incident or complete idiot found (ya know the kind trying to rub up on your girl).Awesome pool and spa - not over crowded and few kids. Gambling poolside, nice fluffy towels and  misters for the really hot days.And I may be a little bias because I tend to win playing poker there consistently. Great poker room where you can put your name on the list and watch the queue from your hotel room - woo hoo.I've been back and will be back. My only complaint would be... well I guess I'll have to post one when I have one.
5	simply the best....i love the spa...i love the rooms...i love the space...been there several times now n planning to go again end of the month....gosh i need a good sugar daddy to help me with my wynn addiction..
5	Beautiful hotel, didn't stay here, but gambled (and won a bit) and loved Tryst, the nightclub downstairs. Hot.
4	Great hotel and casino - considering I always stay here for free (comps) - would have been $600 per night.  The rooms are modern and very nice, with LCD TV and upscale materials.  Got to watch out for the snack bar.  They charged me for something I didn't take.  Took a while to clear that up.Location is not as central - next nice casino is about 10~15 minutes walking distance away.I like the pool the most - it's 3 pools in line connected by a narrow 'stream', so you can swim straight for a long time.  They have free, iced bottled waters.The buffet here is excellect - better than Bellagio's (similar food variety, much better quality)As for the casino: I like the slots.  As some have mentioned, the table minimums are very high.  You can find the cheaper $40 tables, but those maybe the ones with the machine card sorters, which I don't like.   Someone on the craps table was playing with about $1/2 million worth of chips - rows of white $5000 chips!?Just saw Kobe Bryant there.
4	This is a beautiful hotel.  We stayed in a resort room and it was spacious and very nicely furnished.  There was a flat screen HD tv and the electric drapes were pretty cool.  I loved the size of the bathroom and the separate tub and shower.  I made sure to take a couple bubble baths during my stay.  And there was a tv in the bathroom, too!  The lobby/casino/shopping arcade is beautiful.  It's interesting that they don't allow strollers in the casino area.  I love the red flowery carpet in the casino and shopping area.  There's just something about that print that I love.   We hung out at the European pool where topless sunbathing is allowed.  The Wynn isn't the most centrally located hotel on the strip (it's on the north end towards downtown), but it's right across the street from Fashion Show Mall, which is convenient if you like shopping.  But I mostly hang out on the north end anyway so it wasn't a big deal.  Wynn is also home to Tryst, my favorite nightclub in all of Vegas.  I love how it's not huge and they don't pack you in like sardines.  The music is fun and I like the outside deck with a view of the waterfall.
4	yay - it's a smaller resort than let's say, the venetian - so the pool area wasn't crowded like a mother. that being said, a nice pool. strong drinks in the casino. video blackjack! classy crowd. best buffet in vegas (IMHO). tryst right downstairs. super nice rooms - clean, comfy, modern. nay - pricewise, on the super-very-extremely high end. rude cleaning people (i know you ladies work hard for the $$, but folks don't pay that much to deal with rudeness!). at the end of the strip, all by its lonesome. but overall, i was pleased. remember to ask the bellman/concierge for free passes to tryst. might as well milk your stay for all its worth.
5	This is where Strippers retire and become cocktail waitresses.This place is nails! I stayed here for 5  days and loved everyone. The service, the quality and the cocktail waitresses make this place my FAVORITE place to stay in Vegas. The rooms are large, the bathrooms have TV's and the sports book is KILLER. Restraunts are also top notch!!
4	The Wynn is absolutely beautiful.  The food, service, and the rooms was just fantastic. Rooms are huge, bathrooms are big w/ his and her sink, a soaking tub, a shower, toliet in a seperate room, and a freakin' TV in the bathroom. What I love about the Wynn is the Manolo Blahnik store! I came out w/ three pairs of shoes! Of course they have your standard LV ,Chanel, and Cartier Store, but I can never find a Manolo store in the bay area!!!Le Reve is the show that plays at the Wynn. It's a-OK, nothing spectacular. Therefore I cannot comment anymore on the show.Tryst was fun to hang out. The waterfall is pretty, but expect drinks and bottle service to very expensive. You can run up the bill to at least $600 for a night of partying alone at the Tryst. The Wynn Spa is surprisingly small. I did not feel relaxed at all at the spa. I felt like they packed us in like sardines and the facilities was just way too over crowded.
2	My second time at the Wynn drew much dissatisfaction and criticism.  After my first trip there a couple of years ago, I absolutely loved it!  Of course, that was my pre-signature days.  We were also there to enjoy the holiday season and 200 bucks for this room was nice and i liked it a lot.  BUT after experiencing MGM's Signature a few times in the last few months, I can't help but not want to return to the Wynn again.Yes, everything is luxurious... but the service that comes with it is sub par!  I also hate dealing with attitude when I'm spending so much money gambling at your casino only to realize that your comp system sucks as you're catered to only high rollers... and 4000 points a day @ $3 a point doesn't mean crap to my host.  I would have much rather pay for my own room at the Signature and get comped at the wonderful restaurants there.  Never mind the free room here.We arrived to an overcrowded lobby past midnight - everyone and their gramma was trying to get into the club and was either obnoxious or drunk.  Checking in was relatively painless tho' I wish he would have asked if I preferred a lower or higher floor, closer/farther away from the elevator.  No it usually wouldn't matter but it got to be a pain in the mornings sharing tight elevator trips with 48 other people trying to get to the spa level or check out ... taking too long to get to the casino floor.  Yes, the Signature has gotten me spoiled.The pool is too small for that many people... the drinks much too expensive tho' the mango daquiri is excellent - even at that price :)  Service is slow but only because the place is huge and there are too few of them.I'm not gonna' spend any more money at the Wynn.  I'd blow it you-know-where.  ...if you like the Wynn, you'd love the Signature @ MGM.
5	It's beautiful~! We all knew this though right? I want those flower balls on the trees in the lobby when you walk in. I even tried...in my drunken state...to jump up and grab one. Kekeke. If I actually got one...I was gonna run for the hills with it. I was being naughty. The rooms are nice and clean...plasma TV, view of the strip, bathrobes, awesome mini fridge full of goodies, king size bed, oh and lets not forget the awesome bathroom. Oh, oh, oh...and the best room service food I've had at a hotel. The customer service is great too. Everyone was very nice and friendly. Their Wheel of Fortune slot machine took my money...Booooo~!!
4	Never been to the Wynn before so as a first timer it was pretty nice. I keep feeling that each new hotel that goes up just has to outdo the last one by a little bit. I guess Wynn succeeded. I liked the floral walkway from the entrance into the hotel's shopping area. Since we didn't stay there I can only review the areas I did visit -- the shopping area and the public areas of the hotel. I'm not sure why they put all their security guys in purple jackets. It just threw me off. I'd expect that at the Rio, but at Wynn? Purple is just not a very nice color for big security guys.The other thing I didn' t like about Wynn was how the valet drop off and pick up are kind of far away from each other. Yes there is an airconditioned room for you to wait in but when there are 20+ people standing around, the room just doesn't get cold anymore. Even with the misters, it was hot. The Wynn valet was also the slowest of all the hotels I've experienced with the same amount of people waiting for a car. Not sure why.
5	The Wynn Las Vegas is hands down one of the top 3 best hotels in Las Vegas.  This was my second time staying here and man oh man, do they know how to treat their guests.  We stayed in a Resort Room which is considered the lowest tier followed by their Tower Suites and Villas.  Still, as they say in their ads, Michelangelo took 3 years to complete the Sistine Chapel ceiling, your room took 5!  The room was approximately 500 sq.ft. but almost half of that was the amazing bathroom.  Something about taking a shower with marble floors and walls makes you feel extra squeaky clean.  The vanity includes twin sinks, extra thick towels and a lighted make-up mirror so you can see every hair follicle on your face.  One other thing...their customer service is probably the best I've ever experienced in a hotel.  I.e.: when calling for room service, they say your name before every sentence.  And every sentence is a question followed by a thank you.  They really figured it out.  Too bad I couldn't come home with a Ferrari this time :(
2	BORING.Sure, it's a really nice looking hotel but when I come to Vegas I expect to see some 'pizazz', not the typical Orange County posh hotel. I can drive down PCH to see that. I didn't stay here so I'm sure the experience would have been better if I had.
4	Well this is one of the better properties I have stayed at in Las Vegas.  I took my parents here for their 30th Wedding Anniversary and I was pleasantly surprised.  A quick run down:The buffet - it is what it is cracked up to be.  It was totally un-need and unwarranted but I probably ate $100 worth of crab legs alone.  A nice selection of food choices but I might stay away if I were vegetarian or vegan, it didnt look very friendly to those dining choices.The hotel rooms - Nice rooms, not the fanciest but very well done.  No complaints.  Our view from the 53rd floor and my parents view from the 52nd floor was amazing, the best view I have ever had of the Strip.  The service - Everyone was helpful, the dealers, bartenders, front desk staff, etc.  The "European" Pool - This would be my first visit to a stateside top "optional" swimming pool.  Complete with outdoor Blackjack tables, craps tables, poker tables and a full service bar, what else could a guy want? ;)The crazy - The woman playing $500 minimum per hand Blackjack for 15+ hours straight.  The bad - I had made an attempt to take my parents to the Grand Canyon on one of the days of our visit.  I was provided with directions to the Grand Canyon from the Concierge Desk  which turned out to be incorrect (read: TERRIBLE) directions.  This resulted in a 8 hour boondoggle and never actually seeing the Grand Canyon.  To top it off the return directions on the sheet provided were even incorrect on how to get back to the property.  I raised this to the manager of the Concierge Desk desk and explained how it wasted a day of our vacation, etc.  She was unable to help me immediately but deferred me to the manager of the entire property.  About an hour later I received a call from the manager of the hotel who apologized profusely, etc.  They ended up compensating us somewhat but in the end I do not think 100% due to the error.  My expectation when visiting (and paying for) a property of this caliber, things like directions to a popular National Park will be 110% correct.  The manager of the Concierge Desk admitted that the directions were Map Quest directions that they had not checked out on their own, needless to say I was pissed.Would I go back?  Sure, I liked the general vibe of the property and I would be willing to give it another try, regardless of the heinous error on the driving directions.
5	My very first trip to Vegas, I had the pleasure and fortunate opportunity to stay at the Wynn, only about a month after it had opened. After a horrid drive from LA (it took over 6 hours to get to Vegas), it was pure heaven checking into our room. They even let us choose which color scheme we preferred (I believe there are three...we chose cinammon or something that looked like dark copper). Our room had floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the strip. The room was definitely big, it had a big flat screen with speakers hooked up in the bathroom so you could hear in there as well, and one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. Definitely one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. The rest of the hotel/casino is equally gorgeous. The colors, textures, and smells are so lush - I honestly don't know what they put in the air, but it smells unbelievable. (It must be some newfangled scented oxygen...the other casinos should take a hint for their oxygenated environments). The fresh flowers in the lobby hanging from trees are exquisite. The pool is great - it's much bigger than most of the other hotel pools (as I realized upon subsequent Vegas trips), I won $$ at the poolside blackjack tables, and the "european bathing section" basically consists of a ton of guys and like 2 topless girls, so it ranks not-as-skeezy on the general Vegas skeeziness scale. Yes, it's expensive...thankfully this trip was on the family's tab :) The Wynn is hands down amazing...love it love it!
5	this is were i stayed during my first trip to vegas last year and after walking around the Strip and looking at all the other hotels, i was really glad i picked the wynn. the rooms are great. the atmosphere is vegas but i found it felt a bit more like southern france than disney land. food is good and there are several good restaurants in the hotel. i can't judge the casino since i don't gamble but it looked nice. drinks at the several bars were a but expensive (like most things at the wynn) but they were also extremely good (also like most things at the wynn).
5	Holy Crapo. What a wonderful way to return to Vegas after a 5 year hiatus.  I was actually AFRAID of going to Vegas this weekend.  Thinking back over my younger years of hangovers and depleted checking account, I was terrified of visiting this shining metropolis again. HOWEVER, I was wrong.  This hotel RULES.  We left the hotel, one time.  Yes, ONE TIME people.  And that was to attend the Love show at the Mirage which was four blocks away.  Yes, we DID require a limo to take us there, who walks?  Wha....all of the San Francisco people were a little terrified at the disregard for the environment and the tackiness of taking a limo 4 blocks, but WTF, we were in VEGAS and they forced me to slide into the air conditioned plushiness. Anywho, we had great rooms in both the Tower Suites and the Resort Rooms, and were treated very well by the staff.  This was a challege considering the manners of 36 drunken bachelor/bachelorettes who also comandeered three separate pool side cabanas.  I imagine the others in the VIP section were non too thrilled to watch us display our cannonball techniques and also to watch us push an injured (only mentally) friend into the pool in a wheelchair.   Seriously, that did happen.  I must give them five stars for accomodating our every whim, and I mean every whim (**um yes, roomservice, do you have masking tape, hairspray and a hot glue gun?  Yes, thanks...).  They were also great when they avoided staring directly at the strippers who were alternately grinding on various party participants while I signed for the bottles of champagne....as if its an every day occurance to see three strippers molesting a tiny female bachelorette on the couch....oh wait.....
4	so pretty... :) lots of food, shopping and decor. oh, and rooms are nice too.
5	This place has replaced the Bellagio as the best resort/casino in town. I no longer feel the need to leave the hotel (although I occasionally run over to Smith & Wollensky's for a steak) since it's the best place in town to play double deck blackjack and the restaurants and shops meet every need. I can't wait for The Encore, which is supposed to be even better. Try a Salon Suite if you really want to feel like a king.
5	5 stars for the fabulous rooms!!!!  Much nicer rooms than the Four Seasons but not as good staffing as the F.S. I love that it is right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall!!!!
5	I was totally impressed by The Wynn. I usually stay Mandalay Bay whicih I love love love...but The Wynn reall rocks. The suites are spacious. The casino didn't seem packed with smokers like most casinos. Buffet was very impressive - I wanted to try everything. The club - not too bad. I like that it's smaller as I don't like the big club scene - all though they only played Hip Hop. The pool - they have a European pool where you go topless if you like - not that I would go topless but heck, live like the Euros...they know how to do it up.
5	The Wynn is currently my favorite hotel in Vegas!  This was my 2nd time staying at the hotel and it did not disappoint.  The rooms are very spacious, clean and comfortable.  The service from the valet, registration desk, hotel host, dealers and spa staff were top notch - excellent!  The hotel isn't as smokey and overly crowded as other hotels, but the casino floor was still lively.  Very classy!  Can't wait to come back.
4	The Wynn was cool, but I'm a Bellagio guy. First of all the service was really good, and I loved the intimate feel of the poker room. Our room was huge, but compared to some of the other rooms in town, it felt a little tacky. 3 things I wasn't impressed with:1. The European pool. It should be called the Sausage Pool.2. The buffet was good, but not Bellagio good.3. Like I said, the wallpaper was like I stepped back into 1977.
5	This hotel is all class and quality. The room was gorgeous and meticulously designed to the cm. The beds are superb and the sheets are luxurious. The room was very spacious and had high ceilings. The service is great as well. The bathroom had a nice flat panel above the tub which was convenient. I like that this hotel is extremely clean and classy in every way. The flower bouquets are very nicely done and it's nice that they're all real. The pools and cabanas are also very gorgeous and a relaxing place to hang out. This place doesn't draw a huge touristy crowd which is nice, I think this is because the main attraction is your room itself. The buffet was also really good as well, it reminded me of the Aladdin buffet but was more quality. The buffet has different food based on different areas of the world.
4	I enjoyed my time here but some of it's affectation was a bit corny. If I'm going to do business with Ferrari it will be at the factory, or in L.A. NY, ATL.  Vegas? Come on now.Nice staff and dealers were all too prepared to do battle with me. The card rooms were great!
5	If you're going to lose 24 hours, this is where to do it.
5	I love the Wynn.  My first stay there was a month after it opened.  I used to be a Bellagio guy - but after they were purchased by MGM their level of quality plummeted.  The luxury and service of the Wynn is unmatched in Las Vegas.  I stayed for two weeks at the Savoy in London which is considered a bastion of style and service, but it didn't come close to my Wynn experiences.
3	So bummed.I mean, really.   What is supposed to be so damn great about this place?   The room was nice.  The minibar charges you if you REMOVE AN ITEM.  not eat it.  TOUCH IT.  The TV was a Gateway.  I'm sorry, WHAT?  With a broken remote.  Did i mention that we were in the Tower Suites?  The fancy side with its own entrance?  Grrrrrr.The bathroom, though, was fun.  They had good big sized products to play with.  And a separate tub and shower.  And another (gateway) tv.I threw myself into the bathtub and dumped in their tub tea and sat there for 10 whole minutes -until i was bored. Then i got out.  Ok, so i know that in vegas i was supposed to go shake it around, drink stuff, run around cracked out all night... but i was there with my boyfriend, who was there on business.  So he had to go biz it up while i had to wait around for him to be done.  I didn't HAVE to, but MAN is it boring to sit at a slot machine alone.  no matter how many red bull vodkas you inhale.  oh, and we had stay classy enough to make it to have dinner  (thank god at 6 o'clock) with 60 people and ooh and ahh over their grandchildren's photos...   So, you understand why i was in the room instead of vegas'ing it up...  Anyhoo, when i DID make it to the floor or the bar or the restaurant or whatever- it was good.  the bartenders and staff were pretty friendly, but in a 'there are a lot of cameras in here so smile' kind of way.
5	Possibly my favorite hotel to stay at in Las Vegas.  Once you walk in there is a "wow" factor all the way to the front desk... to the elevator... and then walking into the room with a panoramic view of outside.  Simply amazing.  All the decorations throughout the hotel looked like they paid attention to every detail.  The rooms and bathrooms looked very contemporary with flat panel TVs in every room... even the bathroom over the tub.In the hotel itself there is much to do besides the casino.  They have many good restaurants if you want something else besides a buffet.  They have a small shopping mall inside, Ferrari dealership, their own golf course, multiple pools, and night clubs.  They also have regular Broadway shows and showings of Le Reve.  Le Reve is probably not rated better than O but I'll have to say it's close.Wynn Hotel is recently rated as a 5 stars and 5 diamond hotel.  It's also good to know that they value their existing and past customers.  Occasionally they send pretty tempting deals of $119 - $159 room rates per night.
5	The Wynn is my favorite vegas hotel: the beds are amazing, the rooms have all the right little touches and are spacious. Plus, everything is creme and orange and blue and i like orange. The hotel itself is great -- has a good, luxurious energy and the mosaic tiling is awesome. The tables are good -- but can be spendy. There are also good bars like Blush and the parasol (up and down) and of course tryst. The shows on the back by the lobby are nice little vignettes. Also, you can sit in a ferrari if you want.
5	LOVE-LOVE-LOVE THIS HOTEL...  Did I mention I love this hotel?  Well I do.  Service is impecable, hotel rooms are SPACIOUS...  down to the minor details.  The cafe was really nice.  They make great food, and very tasty.  The view from the higher floors, especially of the golf course was awesome.  You can see how big a golf course really can be.  It may be a little bit pricey to stay in a room, with all the service, it's well worth it.
4	Really nice hotel.  Our room was great and we had an incredible view of the Strip.  I'm still thinking about that bed...The lobby/casino is really spacious and well-lit, unlike most of the other smokey and dreary hotels.
4	Vegas hotels are a bit like their showroom magicians. A lot of slight of hand sells you on doing things that, anywhere other than Las Vegas, you might balk at.  The Wynn is the Lance Burton of hotels. Slick, smooth, and opulent, from the multi-million dollar waterfalls to the championship golf course right behind the hotel, to the spacious rooms with flat screen tvs, it would appear that no expense has been spared to make your visit a memorable one. The reality is a little less obvious than the smoke and mirrors that dazle you here, and I can see why Wynn hasn't dominated the Bellagio, THEHotel or Four Seasons, which, if you're reading this, you may also be considering.I should add that I don't gamble, so how good or bad the casino is will have to be left to those with that bent. I also don't smoke, and I'm a lightweight drinker, which just puts me in a category of non-addictive personality that Vegas just hates.If you don't have deep pockets, forget about the casino tables or the slots... The food and services here are all obscenely expensive. Double just about every bill that you're used to getting most other places. Admittedly, some of the restaurants feature the best chefs in the world, so the $145/per person to eat at Alex may be worth it, but the steakhouse is not all that great and you can find a better meal at other major eateries for about 1/3 to 1/2 less.The golf course is beautiful, but at $500.00 a round, it's pretty empty. I hear that high rollers get to use it for free.For a hotel that spent millions on one fountain display, and has spent millions more on the entry ways, carpets, etc. the ventilation system is its achilles heel. I'm on a smoke free floor but the air is carried up from the casino floor and the hallways reek of smoke. Point to Bellagio which manages that much better. Smoking is "allowed" in the casino but in practical fact it's allowed everywhere but the restaurants because no one is going to stop you.  If you're not used to smoky environments, you will feel it quickly.  If I wanted that, I would go to the Venetian and die from the pollution, and we're not talking the canals.The view from our side of the hotel, where they have King/Queen combos (read families), faces the golf course, which is cool, and the construction of the new tower here at the Wynn which is not... Did they mention that I might be awakened at 5:30am by the construction when we booked? Noooo... Okay, so that won't happen to most of you because you're booking after 2008's early part of the year. Or will it? The Frontier next door went down and a multi-billion (Yes B billion) development is going up there. READ MORE NOISE.  To be fair, Bellagio is sitting next to a massive construction project at the moment too, but most of their rooms are not exposed to it.It is a nice hotel, with fabulous fixtures. I think I would stay at Bellagio or THEHotel next time.  Even though I can easily afford it, I take offense to $7.00 bags of potato chips and feeling nickled-and-dimed on everything.Then again, this place works on PT Barnum theory, so I'm sure that the next sucker that comes along will pay it with a big smile and point to the nice trees in the entry and the lovely marble and the designer shopping and enjoy the slight of hand.With all of the new hotels springing up that are one-uping each other, Wynn should focus on things that induce more customer loyalty and less shopping the latest and greatest.
5	This is the one hotel I've been most impressed with in Vegas. Beautiful and spacious rooms, great views and the elegant settings. They even have a Ferrari store in the hotel, hello, can you say luxury? I loved the modern decor and fabulous service, of course. I've had the really good times at Tryst and at Blush. Loved the dining experience at Daniel Boulud Brasserie, too. I've stayed here twice now and can't think of anywhere better to stay. During the warm months, the pool is the best place to be in Vegas! Both times I've found really good deals on Travelzoo. It's close to the Fashion Show Mall and walking distance to the Venetian and The Mirage!
4	Sin city has many great hotels.  This is one of the newer ones and spectacularly done.  Our room was huge!  Not like the Boston hotels where you can touch all 4 walls....at the same time.  The bathroom was almost as big as my apartment.  Quite amazing!  As with Vegas, it is non stop action and the Wynn will add to your experience.  Their spa is amazing as well.  Well spent $175 x2.  They also have a European pool.  Tops are optional.Don't get me wrong, this place is amazing.  However, this is Vegas and great hotels are a dime a dozen.  That explains my 4 stars.
5	This place was unbelievable!  Hands down the nicest hotel I've ever been to and I will definitely go back again. FIVE STARSThe service was impeccable, every staff member from the concierge to the cleaning lady was friendly, helpful and relaxing. All the details were perfect -soft cozy towels, modern designed rooms, flat screen TVs, beautiful views, huge bathrooms! This place had it all.You feel like you're in a mini paradise once you enter the pool area, and I recommend spending at least a couple days vegging by the pool - they even have a "European" area for those who are feeling a little frisky.  If you're looking for a fun and glamorous stay, you should check this out.
5	Too rich for my blood.
5	I never need stay an any other hotel in Vegas.  Wynn never gets in wrong in any way.You name it...the pools...including the "European Style Bathing Pool", The Cabana bar at the pool with gambling tables outside...the shops...TRYST!!!, the buffet for those of us who NEVER do buffets...Wynn.And, for those of you who just don't know...Steve Wynn is Vegas...those of you who say you like the Bellagio...who do you think created the Bellagio and a handful of other vegas hotels...so of course the one he actually puts his name on will outdo the others.Wynn...is the epitome of Vegas!
5	This is my absolute most favorite hotel in all of Las Vegas. And I've stayed at my fair share of them.For a while, I was going to every hotel as soon as it opened. Most of them were on the south end of the strip so when the Wynn opened I was worried about the location and its vicinity to everything I knew. About 15 seconds in my room cured me of that right quick.While I usually don't care much about a room I'm hardly going to be in, I love everything about the Wynn rooms. From the personalized messages on the flatscreen TV to the floor-to-ceiling remote controlled drapes to the giant jacuzzi tub to the telephone in the commode. But my favorite feature of the Wynn is by far the bed. I love the Wynn beds so much I ended up buying one for myself at home. I almost feel jilted by no longer getting that initial "aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh" moment when I lie on a Wynn bed at the hotel, but it's only because I get that moment every single day now!I've been to the buffet (called The Buffet) several times, but usually only out of sheer convenience. I actually prefer the Dishes buffet across the street at Treasure Island. One of the less expensive sit-down options is Sugar and Ice which I've been to and enjoyed. I had one meal at Okada but that was much more for the novelty of it all and generally out of my price range.I enjoy walking the shopping concourse ogling all the expensive shoes and clothes I could never afford even if I did have someplace to wear them. I've found myself in the Wynn LVNV store more often than I would like, purchasing all sorts of fancy new accessories to go with my fancy new bed.Rates can range from dirt cheap (by Vegas standards) to astronomical (by anyone's standards). Sign up for the Red Card and you'll receive all sorts of fun offers.
5	This is going to be a quick one.THE NICEST AND BEST PLACE TO STAY IN VEGAS!  All the rooms are suites and the service here is amazing.
3	I've been debating this review all week since returning from our three-night stay.  In the end I think I had five-star expectations, but got a solid three-star overall experience.  I doubt I will stay at Wynn again.For starters, we got a great off-season rate:  $139 for two nights and $219 for the Saturday night.  I think my disappointment would have been more pronounced had we paid the peak-season rates.The room was very spacious and I would consider living in the well appointed bathroom.  The room was clean and the bed was comfy.That said, here are the tidbits that I think soured my grapes:  We, and many others, had to check in twice.  We arrived early, around 1:30 p.m., stood on line and learned that there weren't any non-"smoking optional" (how is this NOT a smoking room??!!) rooms ready, but they went ahead and checked us in and said they would phone when our room was ready.  Ok, fine, check-in isn't until 3:00, I get it.  So we had lunch at Red 8 and waited around for our phone call from registration.  We finally got the call at 3:15, but had to queue up again to pick up our room keys.  There's got to be an easier way.  And, like I said, it seems many others were in the same boat.We suspect it was music reverberating from Tryst that kept my getting-over-a-cold wife up until 5:00 a.m. Saturday night/Sunday morning.  I can't imagine she was the only one affected by the noise, as half the hotel faces Tryst's lair.  Her subsequent protestations to management were duly noted, but hardly redressed.  If your night club keeps your guests awake all night, well that ain't a good thing.There were odd moments during the stay when I could clearly hear conversations and could identify television programming in the rooms adjacent to ours.  I was not at all expecting any paper-thin-wall moments, but there they were.The maids kept arriving for turn down service earlier and earlier.  The last evening they showed up at 4:30.  This seemed odd.What Wynn giveth, Wynn taketh away.  The great rate we got was greatly offset by the fact you cannot get out of any of the casual dining spots in the hotel for less than $20.  Should I pay $17 for two coffees and a croissant?  Well, the only other option is to leave and go across the street to Starbucks, so I guess I should fork over the cash.I've always enjoyed the casino floor at Wynn.  It's huge.  The table minimums are too high for my wallet, but if that's what keeps the rabble away, then I don't protest.On the plus side, we splurged for room service one morning and it was fantastic.  I had the breakfast wrap, which was enormous.  Same for the wife's portion of French toast.  Delivery took less than 30 minutes and the service was professional and friendly.All in all, a good stay, but by no means one that left me eager to return.  I stayed at Bellagio on my last trip and have much better memories of that experience.
4	I surprised my husband with a suite at the Wynn for his birthday a few years ago.  While the rooms and hotel are stunningly beautiful, the service and quality of the suite left much to be desired.  From our first trip -simple examples: Check-in/cafe.  For the suites, there is a separate reception area that is on the other side of the casino.  We arrived a little after 1pm, and our room was not ready.  So, we went and had lunch at their cafe.  Slow, slow, slow service.  15 minutes to order.  Another 20 before we got our food.  And forget about actually getting the bill.  We approximated our total and left money on the table.  At  2pm our room still wasn't ready.  We usually don't get suites - so I was pissed that I was paying 3 or 4 times the regular room rate and we don't have a room at our second time in line.  So, we gamble for about 45 minutes and then try again.  Hallelujah - a room is ready, but not OUR room.  Another room, on a lower floor.  Our room was supposed to be on 50 (so they kept telling us).  We ended up on 36.Two - turn down service offers the usual turn down of the bed, the chocolates on the pillow, dimmed lights, and the radio turned to a classical station.  Extra nice touch was having complimentary slippers placed next to the bed.  The bad part was turning off  the radio and still hearing music. WHAT?!?   It was coming through the thin walls of the suite next to us.  Three - 3:30am, someone is drilling - sounds like it's coming from above our bathroom.  Called the front desk.  The 20 year old eye-candy girls they hired there, had no idea what to do.  Thanks for offering us the free buffet, but we'd like the drilling to actually stop so we can get some sleep.  My husband changed and went out into the hall and luckily found a security guard making the rounds.  He brought the guard back to our room to hear the screeching drilling, who immediately called maintenance.  Turns out they were repairing an elevator nearby.  The drilling stopped immediately.  The next morning, the pretty girls at reception couldn't/wouldn't do anything to compensate our much disturbed night.  We went out to a casino host before checkout and retold our story to him.  This is how we ended up with our wonderful slot host,  Alan.  He took care of one night for us, and comped us on show tickets for our next visit.Four - the buffet.  The food is delicious, but you want a refill on your soda?  Someone to clear your table of the dirty dishes?  Good luck finding anyone.  It's not that the people who work there are lazy.  I'm not saying that at all.  They just don't have enough staff there.  This was the first time that I saw guests at other tables pick up their own dirty dishes and place them onto another table that was already piled with dishes that hadn't been picked up yet.Like I said, the hotel is beautiful.  The flowered walkways, the waterfall, the restaurants, the overall magnificence of the building itself.  It's amazing.  They just need to take some customer service classes and hire some people at reception who know how to take care of their clients, not just look pretty.  And yes, I admit, we've been back twice.  Service was still lacking, but we expected it.  We got outrageously generous offers that couldn't be turned down.
4	Wynn. You are very pretty. It's really nice inside. Very Rodeo-esque hotel. I love their Employee Empowerment way of business as well. When I read about the Wynn and their EE, I definitely had instant respect for Wynn's business in general. After seeing the decor and how everything was pulled together, I am impressed.Now. What's next? I need to actually stay here.I will update my review after my stay (which I hope is sometime soon). I am impatient!!!!!!!!! :)
5	when i went to vegas for the 2nd time in my life with my family... (I know, it's weird but my parents don't like to gamble? but i think that's a good thing).. so it was cool when we finally went last year. we went to the Wynn and i think it's the best hotel on the strip. (i liked it better than the Bellagio) the room was spacious and cool.. (they had a tv in the bathroom! so you could potentially watch tv while you. went pee or poo.. sorry) and the bed was comfy and the mini bar had a lot of fun, overpriced stuff in it...i really enjoyed the buffet too. It's clean and there is a wide variety of different cuisines you can choose from.. (okay, that's all buffets -_-) and they're desserts were good too.the pools...are really big and i think they were heated...l think two of the pools connected somewhere... it was weird...but different?also, it was conveniently located right in front of a mall! my favorite. and i got some shopping done there. fun stuff.so, all in all, i love you wynn. i think you're pretty. even though some think that you're tacky. i think they're adding a new section to it... yayyay
4	I got the opportunity to stay here for the first time when I got engaged! I've always wanted to stay here because of its coolness factor. Yes, coolness factor. Plus, it doesn't hurt that its all decked out in brown which is one of my all time favorite colors. We got a standard room, but I found it to be spacious. The drapes open up electronically and there is a plasma tv in the room and the bathrooms. Oh, speaking of which. I love the bathrooms. They are so adorable! The customer service is impeccable. You will feel like a VIP once you walk into the hotel. Or maybe it's because it's the Wynn hotel and you just automatically feel like a VIP. Hah. I love everything about this hotel. If I could always stay here when I visit Vegas, I would.
5	HANDS DOWN the BEST CASINO is VEGAS Air is so clean you really believe you are in some European RetreatDrinks that are served even to slots are first rate and something that you would except at a nice restaurant Seating is plush and comfortable. I usually hate slots but at Wynn its a pleasure to sit, drink and enjoy the fresh air. Table stakes are steep but the gambling was fun and not crowded
5	This hotel and resort is first rate. Everything is wonderful, hence the five diamond rating. I've stayed in several hotels in Vegas and this is by far the best of the bunch. The casino is small and manageable and the slots are favorable. The dealers are friendly and professional and there is hardly any smoke smell throughout the casino. The free drinks are great....you can even get a decent mojito on the house. As for the rooms....I will let you in on a secret. The standard Tower Suite room and the Casino room are pretty much the same. Same size, same layout, same giant bathroom with flat screen TV, same amenities.......the only difference I noticed was the bedspread and the linens. The tower suite has some benefits though....separate elevators, separate check in and access to special pools. When you book your room or check in.......try to ask for a room facing the golf course. Its a  much better view then the rooms facing the strip. The Wynn is toward the end of the Strip so the view out onto the golf course shows the Vegas landscape.
5	This is, hands down, the best hotel in Las Vegas.  I was in Vegas a few weeks ago for a conference, and basically did not leave the premises.  Why would I?  The Wynn has positively everything you could need for a top-flight Vegas experience.Let's start with the rooms themselves.  My colleague and I stayed in the Tower Suites, in a room that I can safely say is the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in.  Huge (2000 square feet), beautifully decorated, floor-to-ceiling windows offering views of the Strip and the mountains, full wet bar, separate room with massage table (regrettably not used), and spectacular bathrooms.  Throw in a full kitchen, and I could have lived there.The service was also first-rate.  We found ourselves constantly pampered by a bevy of attendants, delivering us free chocolate, attending to our every need, and making our experience completely stress-free.Now, turning to the rest of the complex.  The Wynn casino (despite have no cheap craps tables!) is awesome - it manages to somehow be elegant and non-cheesy, and the dealers are the most personable I've found in town.  The Wynn has a selection of outstanding restaurants, covering a variety of different cuisines and price ranges (expensive, very expensive, and are you kidding me?).  The Tryst nightclub located in the resort is my favorite on the Strip - despite the eye-popping prices.  It's also nice to know that if I need to pick up a Ferrari, I don't need to leave the hotel to do so!I have no intention of staying (and playing) anywhere else on my future visits to Vegas!
5	The Wynn Hotel, Resort and Casino are from the price very similar to the luxury hotel Bellagio, which is owned by MGM. The Wynn is one of the few individual owned properties on the strip. Steve Wynn sold his other Las Vegas properties to the giant MGM, who owns half the Strip today.  The hotel layout is different from any other Vegas Hotel and Casino. You will appreciate that they are not hitting you with the casino aspect of the hotel over the head. They did not create a casino jungle patrons have to pass before they can get to important locations within the hotel. The casino is located in the middle of the 1st floor and there are straight walkways that go right through it and all around it.You can get from virtually any point to the other at the main floor in less than 5 minutes, including the lobby, restaurants, shops, show theaters, special meeting rooms, the night club Tryst, the Lake of Dreams and the Ferrari dealership and show room. The rooms are what you would expect from a first class establishment. Everything you need is there, from Internet access, a mini stereo system, a safe to store valuables, a mini fridge and a gorgeous view either across the strip or the huge (full size) golf course that is adjacent to the casino property and only available to Wynn patrons and their guests.The bed sheets (the upper one of course) are changed after each stay, something that is not typical in this industry, including first class hotels. The bedding is made of special material. I forgot the name of it, but you will sleep in it like a baby. They have numerous top notch restaurants on the property, but for the general occasions I suggest the "Terrace Cafe", which overlooks the pool area. They serve full meals there. I have a special insider tip for you. If you look at the menu, ignore the headline "dinner", "breakfast" or "lunch". You can order what you like at any time as long as they have the ingredients available. Cook time will be a bit longer, but even with special orders did I always get my food quickly and faster than in many restaurants where I just ordered the daily special.The shows at the Wynn are great too. You should not miss to see "Le Reve", which means "The Dream" and is French. The working name for the Wynn project was actually "Le Reve" and the show was one of the first things that were organized before the hotel was even build. Creator of the show is Franco Dragone and anybody who has some interest in Cirque Du Soleil shows will know this name. Dragone is the mastermind behind the vast majority of CDS shows, including the shows "O" and "Mystere", which are also running in Las Vegas. The show is much like a Cirque du Soleil show and this should not come to a surprise, considering who created it. The music is fantastic too. I bought the soundtrack right there after I saw the show the first time. I do not recommend the VIP pass, which includes Champagne and fruits; because you will be seated at the top most rows in the venue and that is not the best spot to sit for the show. The first three rows are also only for folks who do not mind to get wet (this is not an IF scenario, you will get wet there). About 5th row is probably the best location. Trust me on that one, I have seen the show already twice and done the VIP thing myself.The other show is "Spamalot", which is a spin-off the famous Monty Python movie "Monty Python and the Holy Grail". If you know the movie, then you will recognize many things from the movie in that show, including the famous song "Bright Side of Life". If you don't like British humor, this show is probably not for you.There is much more, but you can explore this stuff yourself. The atmosphere of the place invites to take a little stroll through the property. If you book a room off season, you can get a resort room for a price that is less than half of their regular rate of $300+ per night. It is well worth the money and a good place to spoil your better half and enjoy a weekend away from your children.I wrote a three part review with my detailed experiences in April 2006 at a blog of mine. You might want to check it out as well.Part 1http://www.consumermatch.com/blog/2006/04/wynn-las-vegas-discovery-tour-part-1.htmlPart 2http://www.consumermatch.com/blog/2006/04/wynn-las-vegas-discovery-tour-part-2.htmlPart 3http://www.consumermatch.com/blog/2006/04/wynn-las-vegas-discovery-tour-part-3.html... and some more details, including the restaurant and about the golf course.http://www.consumermatch.com/wdetail/wid/3540/wn/Wynn-Las-Vegas.html
4	The Wynn is the overindulgent 1980's of strip casinos. It's gorgeous, and although you aren't snorting coke off of silver trays and shitting in gold gilded toilets, you are shitting in the nicest bathrooms on the strip. Wynn, a once prolific art collector, had opened an art gallery here in 2006. I LOVED THIS ART GALLERY, and I loved it because it fully displayed Steve Wynn's self-cock suckery, his utter love and admiration for himself... from the monumentally sized diamond encrusted portrait that Warhol did of him that he appropriately displayed next to his Rembrandt and Renoir, to the curation that was done by him via tape recorded anecdotes of his experiences buying art (which only vaguely related to the art itself), the Wynn is really Steve's swan song, a final over-the-top dedication to his dying self. The Wynn gallery has sadly closed, but rather than moving the gallery, Wynn has scattered its ashes around the casino, so while you're getting completely hammered and handing your money over to the Wynn Empire, you can still participate in the unabashed cock suckery that once was the Steven Wynn Art Gallery.
5	Every other trip to FLV I stay here. I change hotels just to remind me of how much I like/love Wynn. The class of the top echelon of resort/destinations. As a matter of fact I'll be there this week! From The Country Club to Red 8 and in between for dining, Parasol UP or down, Lure now Blush the best overall xxxperience.Concierge is also top shelf. Can do without the teeny boppers at tryst but it adds to the people watching fun. LOL
5	The Wynn is the most amazing hotel. From the moment you step out of your car, it is pure luxury. The decor was carefully crafted. Every item was strategically placed...and nothing was out of place. There are several reasons why this is the "it" hotel: the guest bathrooms have a strong shower head: there is a tv in the bathroom: you will never want to get out of bed (very lush and comfortable): guests will always have a view of the golf course or the strip.I heard this is the only 5 Diamond Hotel on the Strip...maybe even on the West Coast. My theory is that Steve Wynn spared no expense when building and designing his hotel. He wanted to be the first with a 5 Diamond rating! Great job, Mr. Wynn!=)
5	Every time I hit Vegas, the Wynn is a must go. It's a beautiful, beautiful hotel. I've been lucky on their casino floor each time I've been. While I have yet to actually stay in this hotel, I certainly plan to very soon. It's just gorgeous and exudes luxury one million times over.
5	I can't stay anywhere else. I am absolutely spoiled. I wish they were a chain so when I travel for business I could stay at Wynn's everywhere. Oh where or where do I begin?? Cleanest hotel on the strip. You wouldn't know that anyone was smoking inside. LOVE THAT! Rooms are giganto. The bathroom is almost the same size as the bedroom. There is a huge tub that you can fit lots of people or just you and your honey. There is a separate shower and also a tv  in there so you can soak in the tub and vedge out.  The bed is better then the  westin, the ritz and the four seasons all put together! Seriously no joke. It's super comfy. Almost makes you not want to leave and go gamble.  It's super posh and very nicely decorated with your own flat screen tv and automatic curtains. LOVE THAT!!The casino is great and the breakfast buffet, pricey but worth it. The pool area looked pretty cool but I didn't spend any time there.Needless to say I really can't stay anywhere else on the strip. I am spoiled and loving it!
5	We asked the concierge at our hotel, what was the best buffet in town. She promptly handed us coupons for the Wynn. Even if you had to pay the fourty bucks for dinner, the 2 block long buffet of food would have been worth it. I had the prime rib and the end cut was not over done. The shrimp by the boat load. The sauce was a little heavy on the horseradish which made it real tangy. The salmon had a good taste to it. The roasted chicken was very moist. The breaded pork chop w/the bone was my favorite. Lite seasoning and juicy. Sorry I didn't touch the veggie's the hole time I was there. The deserts are ok. Nothing to write home about. They were fresh though. We sat right in front of the oven and saw everything come out. The sheer size of the line means that there is something for everyone. I wanted to move in.
5	AMAZING.  Since my vacation here a few weeks ago, it is from this point forward, this only hotel I will stay in in Vegas.  It's the epitome of luxury and beauty and comfort and class.  The staff is beyond friendly, the views from the rooms are amazing, the beds are ridiculously comfy, the bathrooms are amazing, the poker room is hilarious at 4AM, and the entire casino and hotel has a beautiful ambiance.  The pool is beautiful with amazing cabanas.  The food is delicious.  Just remember  - everything here is expense, it's the WYNN!!!If I was ridiculously wealthy, I'd come here once a month for sure.   Best hotel on the strip.
3	This place was amazingly decorated, the rooms are so new and pretty. They even print your name into your room card. Major complaint was we came to check-in at like 3, waiting in line for awihle and after we get there. Hoping to get our room and relax after the long drive, they don't have a room ready for us. Didn't even have an approx time. WTF?! Yah I was pissed. For how much I paid for a night, I expect better service.Other then that the buffet was expensive but was good. They got an awesome gelato bar for dessert. I didn't do any gambling but I would have liked atleast some kind of video game arcade for the kids.
5	OK, topless pool and top-shelf ladies of the night... Hit the gym and go to the Wynn.
5	TABLE MANNERS!  If you don't have any, they swap your winning cards for losing cards with a zapp machine and or a halogram or some type of clandestine machine that can switch a winning hand from under the felt table with a losing hand.  All the dealer does is get the "ok" from the jefe and BLAMO!  They are doing some suspicous stuff behind your back.  This only happens when your girlfriend calls you out immediatley because she has lost all her money  on her very first play at roulette, two minutes after you check in.They spotted our table manners and decided to take it out on  my poor boyfriend.  However, nicely dressed in an A. B. S. cocktail dress, nicely refreshed after a moment of meditating and chanting some Budist encantations,  I decided to try the roulette tables again.  The tables are all $25 minimum, and you have to choose between $5 or $25 dollar chips.  The Dealers are top of the game!  If they like you and you play the double 0 (OO), they will make the ball land on the 00.  If they don't like you, then you can bet all your money will suspicioulsy disappear.I loved the butterfly hallways leading to the rooms.  I loved the Andy Worhal wannabe paintings inside the rooms.  I loved the scales in the bathrooms...I loved the roulette tables.  I must have given my boy at least 2 $500 chips, and somehow, that clandestine machine always gave him losing hands.The pine trees are a nice touch....I really, really, really liked this place.
5	The Wynn is like a second home.  The service is always above par in every area - whether it be in the casino, the restaurants, or room service.  It's amazing.  I tend to order room service more than I care to admit and their food and service is just as good as in one of their restaurants.  The rooms are comfortable and well appointed - there's plenty of room.  I can't say enough about their staff.  Everyone is always accommodating and polite.  They make staying at a large hotel feel more personable.  Ya, Steve Wynn, you did good.
5	I really love this hotel. It's got everything (as most do in Vegas now-a-days anyways). It's pretty expensive but if you can pay for it, it's definitely worth it. They have many good restaurants and their buffet is amazing. It's probably the best buffet I have EVER been to. It's actually incredible. The desserts alone are astounding.The rooms are exquisite. They have flat screens and MP3 player hook-ups in all rooms. The pool and spa are fantastic. They've got plenty of nice shops. The tables are great. They have nice clubs.Go there for sure.
5	The best buffet i have ever had.
5	This is the kind of place that makes me rethink my staunch anti-gold digger/sugardaddy/kept woman stance. Yes, it makes me wish I were rich.I was lucky enough to stay here for a work conference and get a good rate (which my work paid for -- yay!). I checked in and my room was number 50 something-something. Based on previous Vegas experiences, I figured that meant fifth floor. Nay, the 50th! Not only that, but I somehow got put in the Tower Suites -- behind its own special set of glass doors, no less.When I got to the room, it took my breath away. The plasma tv was on, running a slideshow of flowers, with classical music playing. The room was positively massive, with a huge marble entry and giant mirror. The bed even had slippers set right next to it. I went to open the curtains but couldn't figure out how -- until I found the handy pushbutton. Oh, and an iPod alarm clock/dock was there, too. The floor-to-ceiling windows overlooked the golf course. At this point I was literally jumping up and down and squealing, and I am not a squealer!The bathroom was probably bigger than my bedroom at home, complete with dual vanity sinks, a huge glass-door shower and huge Roman bath tub. And best of all? Another plasma. I took a bath and watched tv JUST BECAUSE I COULD. And there was a full assortment of shampoos, soaps, creams, you name it.The two days I spent there I never left the resort. Why would I? Great restaurants, bars, even decent clubs (for someone like me who has little patience for clubs). Tips on that -- they have plenty of free passes in the bars and gift shops for the asking, at least when I was there. That saves you the $30 cover. And I am very anti-cover.One complaint. This is a massive, massive place. And it was a perfect venue for a conference (I hope EVERY conference I ever go to is here!). But it is a hike to the meeting rooms. Wear comfy shoes and leave enough time to get to your destination!
5	I think when I'm 60 is when I'll finally be able to afford to actually stay here.Aside from it being the biggest pain in the ass to get to, having to take the monorail then WALK in the insane heat to a shuttle stop and WAIT to be picked up (Walking in 110 degree heat and waiting don't make me happy), this place really blew me away.The whole atmosphere is just classy. Classier then the overrated Bellagio. Big whoopies, you have a crazy ceiling and a good club, you mean nothing to me Bellagio!  Definitely a whole other class of people stay here. Which was a nice change to see instead of Grandma and Grampa monopolizing the nickel slots in their green poker visors and matching fanny packs at the Tropicana. Nothing against the Tropicana though, I did enjoy myself there. Just an observation.Where to eat lunch????UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.Our reaction exactly. I think my friend and I spent more time deciding where to eat then actually eating. After speaking with a friendly staff member he helped us choose a french place that overlooked a beautiful waterfall. Which was the exact spot that we both decided we will definitely have be around 60 by the time we can afford to stay here and enjoy gambling.  One day soon Wynn, one day soon....Sky*
3	DEFINITELY overrated. Although I'm happy that I had the opportunity to stay at this highly rated hotel, I will never stay there ever again, nor recommend it to my friends, unless they'd like to golf at their $500/day course.  I would give the check-in service and spa treatments, amenities and employees 5 stars. The room view was excellent.  Other than that, I would not stay at this hotel again because the service was so substandard, in comparison to the Venetian and Bellagio.We dined at three of the restaurants and service was substandard--took the waiters more than 10 minutes to even greet us and it took more than 1/2 hour to get our meals, plus no apologies for the delays.  The buffet was excellent, but service was slow with refills on water and sodas.Our room walls were quite thin, and we could hear the voices of the people next door. Also, in the bathroom, you could clearly hear the guest next door on the phone (kinda scary trying to figure out where the voice was coming from).  We could hear other hotel room doors open and close, so it was hard to tell whether someone was entering our room.   The bathroom wasn't well stocked with paper products--we actually ran out of toilet tissue and kleenex the first day, and this has never happened at any hotel I've ever stayed at before--even 3 star hotels.  There was no ventilation fan in the bathroom either. Also, there was a green cleaning glove left behind on the bathroom counter (GROSS) our second day.On our third day, I had a pillowcase that had dried blood marks on it (REALLY GROSS)  which really made me want to check out and check into the Venetian.To top it off, we had family staying on the strip who had planned to have dinner with us.  They have three children, two asleep in strollers, utitilized valet, entered the hotel and were met by security, who denied them entry into the hotel because they were not registered hotel guests and were told that ONLY registered hotel guests were allowed strollers in the hotel.  Security didn't seem to care that the children were asleep, valet had just parked their car, and they were joining us for dinner.  They said that this was simply hotel policy. This I felt to be absolutely ludicrous, if not discriminatory.So those of you with children in strollers who plan to shop, dine or peruse the Wynn and are NOT registered guests, security will "greet" you, then will not allow you entry.We requested a rollaway, but the charge was $50 extra per day.  I've stayed at the Bellagio, Venetian, MGM and have never been charged extra for a rollaway.  I hadn't expected this, especially when I was already paying quite a bit for the room and the beds were only double beds, not queen.Elevators were really slow, and I heard others commenting that most of the time, only half of the elevators were working.I had really high expectations of this hotel because of all the hype and the 5 diamond status.  I was so very disappointed.  I can't wait to book at the Bellagio or Venetian again, where I've never been disappointed and would rate them over and above the Wynn any day.  I'll be definitely writing to management about this experience.
5	Wow. This place exudes opulence. Even just looking at the outside, you already know that you're in for something special inside. The building looks nice and the inside is even nicer. There's a giant foo dog or whatever those ugly things are when you walk in. Definitely catered to those Asian high rollers. The garden inside is kind of boring, not as cool as Bellagio's glass ceiling.When I checked in, I was greeted with some coffee. I was confused since there isn't really a formal line to check in or check out. You kind of just walk up to whatever is open. The clerk was very friendly and upgraded me to a resort view room. He gave me some passes to Blush, though I really wanted Tryst passes.The room key that they give you doubles as your players card, so you can build up comps. Pretty cool except that the games here are very high limit. The dealers are friendly and the cocktail waitresses are very attractive.Anyways, the room I had was great. Fully stocked bathroom with random crap. The TVs are cool, they have your name on it, same with the telephone. The beds are very nice and I slept very well, which is amazing considering I only slept for a few hours each night. The view I had of the golf course was nice.I'd stay here again, but I really want to try out Encore which is opening up at the end of this year.
5	After 200+ reviews I wonder what I can add ....What do you say to convince people that this is one of the finest resort destinations in Las Vegas.I got  a letter stating that the hotel was both luxurious and whimsical at the same time.WHIMSICAL ????I had to look up the meaning of whimsical just to know what they  were talking about.The letter was on the money.... The entire hotel is full of light fanciful decorations, you act on a whim quite often in deciding your entertainment plans for the day and night.Everywhere you look there is that little extra touch... I am sure that for most visitors that little extra goes unnoticed when you are astounded by the overall opulance of the hotal and casino.Just the same - those touches are all over the hotel.The employees speak to you, from the guy pushing the floor cleaner to the hostess in the lounges and restaurants.It is amazingly a warm feeling generated throughout the hotel.You simply enjoy your stay.Great dining ....Great shows ....Fine gambling experience....Excellent pool .... Supurb rooms ....Extraordinary service throughout the hotel....Friendly people everywhere.What more can you ask from your time in Las Vegas?It is the Wynn....You win
2	After watching this place go up, I got my first opportunity to go in and check it out.What the F is up with all the FAKE flowers.  Other high end hotels like Palazzio and Bellagio have all real flowers.  I thought it looked bad and cheap.  What they aren't getting enough money from the cheap buffet or casino??It looks cool at first but it's really just cheesy and fake.  Like that stripper's boobs at the Olympic Gardens.I would also like to note the FAKE GRASS outside.  While environmentally conscious, it still looks CHEAP.
5	Get the RED CARD and get $10 free play.  On top of that if you get your first 25 pts within 5 days then you can get a free buffet!!!The hotel is very nice and the workers always address you as sir or miss.  Very customer service oriented.  Great plus.  Also the casino itself is very elegant.
5	I give this place 5 stars for the sheets!! I stayed here when they first opened and let me tell you when i first got into bed... i melted into the softness of those sheets... I am thinking they are like 800-1000 TC or something... but i will say that after my stay at the Wynn I went home and bought about 3 new sets of 800 TC sheets for my own bed... But aside from the sheets, Wynn is a nice "plush" hotel. And if you dont mind spending the money then by all means try a night. I fortunately did not have to pay and was with a travel agent group that the Wynn was trying to impress... so would i pay out of pocket for the hotel... not sure, maybe a REALLY special occassion.The rooms are beautiful, the bathrooms are grand!! And i loved the pool and how they walked around with bottles of water for you. Everything was so nice and clean... of course this was a month after opening... All in all i enjoyed my stay and give Wynn 2 thumbs up!
4	I would give it a 5 but I don't really like the food selection here so it gets a 4.I like the Wynn because I'm not a gambler but they comped me rooms couple of times. How I got comped rooms I have no idea but keep the free rooms coming. The rooms are nice and plush. I like it better than the Bellagio. I mean don't get me wrong. The Wynn looks like it was built with all of Bellagio's left overs but I guess I'm partial to them because of the comped nights.If you do stay here, expect to eat outside of the hotel. IMO the restaurants here suck. It's pricey but the taste is mediocre at the most.
5	I like this place.  People say the new expansion should be called "Ego" instead of "Encore" but you have to respect the man for doing it right and setting the standard.  I love the design, the shows, the restaurants, and most of all, the cocktail waitresses.  The King Baller of Vegas.
5	the best hotel in vegas hands down very comfy and very big suites!!! buffet is better than the other hotel & casinos
5	Steve Wynn boasts that while it took Michelangelo four years to complete the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, the rooms at his hotel took five. I'm not gonna lie.. when I read that, I wasn't sold either. Steve Wynn better fire his crew because they're obviously just twiddling their thumbs in the corner of the lot rather than working on the resort. Once I stepped in though, I completely changed my mind. 2.7 billion dollars well spent. 5 stars for a 5 star hotel. I would give them an extra star for their customer service (they always offer my dad free rooms during a midweek stay) but this isn't Macau we're talking about..
4	Haven't read through all the reviews to see if anyone's mentioned this, but they have FRESH lychees (with the spikey red peels still on) in their high roller bathrooms.Cocktail waitresses have identically great bodies and dealers will remember you 6 months later, making sure that you feel loved.Minus one star because Cartier had poor customer service.
2	I have not tried stayed here in the rooms. As for the casino I don't understand the hype. For some reason it feels snobby in the Wynn.It's a bit too dark inside for my taste and the cocktail waitresses, although nice to look at, don't pay much notice slot machine players or people that look like low-rollers (i.e. me). http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/Wynn.Las.Vegas.702-770-7000
4	I stayed in the Tower Suites which are amazing.  Our room was enormous and the bathroom itself could get its own review.  I also liked all the products and took them home with me (loofah and back scratcher).  I would love to go back (especially if someone else is paying for it).  The service at the pool was also exceptional but I am taking off one star because we could not order from the regular menu at the Towers pool at 5 PM - they had only a tiny menu with 3 weird items on it or so.  In Vegas I expect to be able to eat anything at any point.  Overall though, exceptional service and beautiful place.
5	Although we didn't stay in one of the rooms at Wynn, we spent a lot of time there. Le Reve was spectacular, Okada was amazing, Blush was swanky, The Buffet was decadent. All the staff we encountered was wonderful and friendly. Whether it was waiting in the buffet line, or sitting out by the valet while waiting for a friend to pick us up, we were brought water while we waited. If only they offered us cocktails as well, I would give them a 6th star. Wynn glows like gold in the sunlight and makes a bold statement at night. It's amazing that Steve Wynn was able to design it, being nearly blind. Yeah, maybe some of the decor is flashy and colors clash, but it must be hard to dictate colors and patterns to him.Luxurious and glamorous, you wouldn't expect anything less from the man who transformed The Strip.
4	I love the decor of the Wynn, its contemporary and stuff that I would incorporate into my own place.  The funny thing is that everything in the room is available for purchase but super super over priced.  The bed is like a piece of heaven, it's fluffy and soft and you don't want to get out of it.  The view from any side of  the tower is great.  I'm a big fan of the cirque de soleil production and Le Reve is a show to catch.
5	My room was heavenly. It was all pink but not in a barfy grandma kind of way. The view was amazing and the bathroom was MASSIVE. There are so many things to do in the hotel you literally don't have to leave if you don't want to. It's kind of far down the strip but other than that there isn't a better place to stay in Vegas (for the time being)....
4	I had the pleasure of staying at Wynn with a few friends of mine.  With the adjoining rooms, it made the stay even more fun for a bunch of girls wanting to party in vegas.  Here are the pros and cons:Why I luv wynn:- the rooms are ridiculously big-the ceiling to floor, wall to wall window was spectacular (even if our view wasn't the greatest)- the beds were uber comfy with down comforters which made my after drinking nap even more luxurious-bathroom was large as well, and vanity table big enough for 4 girls getting ready for a night out on the townBasically...everything was BIG BIG BIGCons:-who chose brown as the decor?  brown walls, brown carpet, brown brown brown. Lacked creative luster if you ask me-shopping was limited.  Only housed a few a high end stores...but luckily the mall was across the street and venetian was next door.
5	Best hotel in Vegas.  Nicest rooms, great restaurants (Okada rocks for sushi), beautiful lobby, great pool, bright/roomy intimate casino, low-smoke.  Google visitwynn to look for deals (Wynn mails out promos that link to the visitwynn site) which are usually around $199/nt and checkout code AMEX always gets you 10% off regular rates whether or not you pay with an amex.Don't expect casino room comps unless you are a big time gambler (i.e. gamble thousands of $ during your stay and/or have like 8+ hours a day of play).  I basically get laughed at when I ask for comps though one time I was there with a group of people and we all played on the same card and got some comps.
5	If this hotel was a car ....I'd say:Luxury. Comfort. Flat screen. Pure passion poured into innovation and care for the ultimate hotel experience.The Wynn was awesome. From being greeted by someone carrying hot chocolate at check-in to our concierge helping us with hook-ups on the hottest clubs. Flat screen in the bathroom? Now that's freakin sweet. I'm sure everyone has said this but the bed is soooo comfy. Wynn basically tells you that whatever is in the room, including the decor, can be bought through customer service! If its good enough for the hotel, its good enough to take home!Blush and Tryst are the cool clubs in the hotel so don't forget to check em out. Careful, you just might run into a UFC fighter by accident! lolWhen in Vegas the Wynn will probably be my main stay from now on. :)
5	Goregous hotel.The people at the front desk are super-cool about helping you find your room after you've been lost in the hotel for an hour and are completely wasted from an all-night fernet drinking and fun binge....they even offered to take me to my room in a wheelchair! (because I could hardly walk)good times.
5	I came to the Wynn for the first time a couple years back, just after they opened. Haven't stayed anywhere else since (and I go to Vegas every couple of months).Gambling:Others have commented on the high minimum tables, and they're right -- the $25 minimums mostly turn into $50 by 9 or 10pm on a weekend, and are kind of like citronella for the hordes that swarm around cheap tables in otherwise nice hotels like the Venetian. On top of the thinner crowds, the dealers here are the best on the strip. I've gotten to know a few and highly recommend Joy at the $50 blackjack tables (usually on the noon-8 shift). She's a bundle of, well, joy, and energy and is always a delight to play with. She'll get the table talking and joking, and really makes it a nice experience regardless of whether you're winning or losing.I've been playing more poker lately, and the poker room at the Wynn, while small, is comfortable and full of action. Not off the hook Commerce Casino action, but the $500 no limit frequently sees $1000 pots and there are always good players as well as rich tourists abounding. I'm an okay player, and I've discovered that the game for me is about whether I can gobble up the rich tourist dollars faster than the pros can take me down. I've had a couple of great nights as well as one god awful weekend here, but it's always been fun! Rooms:The rooms are superb. I don't think the walls are any thinner than other high end hotels on the strip and have never overheard conversations, etc. I read a review talking about the noise from the club and am astonished -- I've stayed on low floors, high floors, and suites, and have NEVER noticed club noise or strip noise. It's a hotel, not a sanatorium, so there's some audible presence of others, but if that keeps you awake at night you've got issues. I've stayed during working trips also, and found the rooms to be really conducive to work: fast internet, speedy room service, and space to lay out books and papers while you work.Food:My favorite restaurant in Vegas is the Daniel Boulud brasserie at the Wynn. It's pricey, but the value you get makes it feel like a steal! Don't miss the charcuterie appetizer, and I highly recommend the steak dinner. The sommeliers are superb and have never tried to upsell me past my price-point -- in fact, I was once going to splurge and told him I was interested in a great wine and would spend $300-$400; he came back with a $250 recommendation! The other restaurants are all pretty stellar. Bartolotta is fantastic -- they fly in their fish from the Mediterranean daily and when you order a whole fish it's filleted for you tableside which is such fun to watch. Corsa is solid Italian food (they once made an off-menu pesto preparation for me, which is odd at high-traffic restaurants but spoke volumes about their customer service). The country club has what is possibly the best lobster preparation in the country (steamed and served with drawn tarragon butter that makes me drool to think about). Okada is a little oasis of sushi with fanciful preparations and the softest toro I've had since Hamano Sushi in San Francisco. SW has never once overcooked my steak and gets the exact temperature and color on a 3-inch thick filet which is not easy. My only hold out is Wing Lei. Maybe I've just never had the right thing, but most of the food there tastes like regular Chinese food, except much more expensive. Customer ServiceI benefit from having a Casino Host (Pucci -- World's Best Host!) who arranges my stays. But the fact that I have a host at all once again speaks volumes about Customer Service at the Wynn, since I'm nowhere near a high roller. Sure, I'll play the $100 black jack tables, but as others have pointed out that's nothing at this place. On a weekend night, there are banks of tables that I can't even go near. Yet I've never once paid for a room and Pucci frequently finds a way to cover a good chunk of my (at time exorbitant) restaurant tabs.
4	What do you get when you add billions of dollars, a egomaniacal owner, the property Dan Tanna used to work on (before they imploded it), a Monty Python musical, a Ferrari dealership, and a $40/person buffet?  You get the WYNN!  One of the most luxurious Vegas properties.  Don't get me wrong...the Wynn is absolutely gorgeous....although at $500 a night....I would damn well hope that Michaelangelo himself painted the ceiling.  Well....he didn't but...they're still very nice!  The only thing the Wynn is missing is its own micro-brewery!  Shoot they could make it the most EXPENSIVE micro-brewery on the strip if they'd like too!  Steve Wynn himself could even plaster his own mug on the mugs!  A Steve Wynn Stout could go a long way!!  That's the last thing missing from making this a TRUE five star resort!  (Well...in my book anyway)
5	Yes yes yes!  The absolute best hotel in LV.Rooms are immaculate and the suite bathrooms are to die for.Service is extraordinary and very friendly.The casino has the best ventilation system ever.  I sat there playing blackjack for about 4 hours and didn't have any problem with smoker's smoke.  I didn't even smell it on my clothes.  2 big thumbs up for me for that.  I'm not a smoker and I was dreading going to the casino for that reason alone.The entrance is gorgeous.  Lined with marble and decor lit well.The club Tryst is downstairs and is one of the better clubs in vegas.  What's cool is that the huge glass windows open up to the waterfall in the distance.  It's a gorgeous scene.It's definitely not a cheap hotel.  You know you're in luxury as soon as you roll into the hotels drop off/pickup area.  The hotel cost $2.7billion to build.  They have to make their money back somehow.Highly recommended if you have a wad of cash that's just laying around :)
4	I keep getting emails from Wynn to come back...This is the second hotel I stayed at LV because this time I wanted to see the beauty and detail he put into his own hotel since Bellagio is rather spectacular.  Of course everyone has already noted how beautiful, how grand and how extraordinary this place is.  It's hard to explain in plain words but most definitely worth visiting (borrow someone's Costco card to get the best deals on Costco.com).  I like the buffet here better then Bellagio (yes that's what I said!) but the casino atmosphere is not meant for poor people like me.  Lets just say.. the locals stays away from this casino.
5	If quality is your number one criterion for a Las Vegas hotel, Wynn is the winner. Everything here seems to to be a notch or two above the other high-end properties on the Strip. Rooms are very nice, with kind of a Spartan look that is clean and welcoming as opposed to the decorative excesses of some other properties. Beds are great. Views from the high floors on the Strip side are magnificent. The pool area is top-notch - much more sedate and far less crowded than Mandalay Bay."Le Reve" is nearly as good as "O" (it was just as good before they - on Steve Wynn's orders - decided to make it less dark). "Spamalot" is one of the funniest shows I have ever seen - sadly, it is closing on 7/13. The Buffet is now a Sunday morning ritual for me. Sugar and Ice offers nice, cool outdoor seating by the waterfall. Every restaurant is top notch, though some boast prices that are not necessarily in line with what you get. The Esplanade contains stores full of "if you have to ask, you can't afford it" items - but it's still nice to walk through on the way over to Fashion Show Mall.Parasol Up and Parasol Down are nice, upscale lounges.  Tryst attempts to be a classier take on the loud nightclub, but I didn't really enjoy it because that whole scene isn't for me. I'm looking forward to the opening of Encore to see what new surprises Mr. Wynn has in store for us. It's going to cost you to stay here, but this is one hotel where you really do get what you pay for.
5	I love this hotel! The decor is beautiful and elegant. The pool area looks like a cartoon - it doesn't look real. The service is impeccable. The free shows at the waterfall are kinda weird but in a good way - ever seen a giant frog sing?When playing at the tables the dealers and pit bosses are really friendly and seem to want to get to know you (even if it is only for your money...lol). This is my new favorite place to be in Vegas
5	The first time I ever set foot in the Wynn was waaaaay before the opening. They had just imploded the Desert Inn months before to make way for Steve Wynn's Le Reve, the original name of the Wynn. The only thing left of the old hotel was the lobby which housed the Marketing and Sales Department. I was working for a travel magazine at that time and was privy to preview some of the plans for this ultra-luxe hotel. Considering the fact that we were in the remnants of the Deserts Inn's hotel lobby, in true Steve Wynn style, this temporary office space was redressed to impressed. Fully outfitted with the $2 Million Ferrari Mr. Wynn had just purchased. Interesting fact, Mr. Wynn is almost legally blind and does not have a driver's license. Kind of a shame that one would spend so much on a sports car, never to drive it to it's full potential. Anyways, some time later I able to revisit the newly opened Hotel and I was not disappointed. True to the plans that I was able to preview, the Hotel was more impressive in person than on paper. So if you want swank, this is your hotel, but it'll cost ya!
5	This hotel is beautiful.  One of my mom's friends is a high roller, so they had a Wynn suite.  I didn't spend a night there but I had the chance to visit the suite.  It is one of the best suites I've been in, aside from Venetian and Twin Farms in Vermont (a completely different feel by the way).
5	A modern and luxurious hotel.  The staff are incredibly nice and talk nothing but respect for Steve Wynn, their boss, the owner of the hotel and Vegas legend.  I have stayed in eleven of the hotels along the strip and not one of the compares to the customer service that I received during my stay at the Wynn.  Our room was on the top floor facing the golf course.  A breathtaking view.  All I did was ask if they had any top floor rooms available at check in and we were lucky enough that they did.  The rooms are spacious and modernly decorated.  I've seen a couple different types of rooms at this hotel and I would stay in any of them again.  The casino has nothing outstanding for me to stay hours for.  There is more action in other casinos but I'm not a huge gambler.  Although the location is a little more distance from the hub of the strip, I find myself taking taxis more often every time I go.  Reve is a wonderful show.  Most people don't know about the free water show.  Locate the stairs by the registration area and go down or get a comfy seat in the lounge on the patio.  There is nothing like it.  The Bellagio has its spouting water but the Wynn presents colored lights in water and statues that seemingly enter and exit the water while set to music.  Even if you aren't staying at the Wynn, it's worth a trip down there to see the free show.
5	If you go to Vegas and want to party at a club, check out Tryst. We didn't stay at The Wynn, but it sounds like if you do, you can get on the guest list. We got on the list by other means, but I don't know how....Bottle service is the way to go - it's expensive, but it's fully worth it. Drinks run 10-15 dollars a pop from what I can remember. Tryst was the most amazing club I've ever seen, and I've partied in LA, Chicago and Miami. I loved the waterfall. I tried to take pictures, but they didn't turn out (sniff, sniff). Go there - you won't be disappointed. Definitely a beautiful crowd of people...the lines could be a drag though so make sure you get on the list.
5	I love, love, love this hotel!  Everything about it in my opinion is just fantastic.  We have stayed here many times and have never been disappointed.  The rooms are spacious and you gotta love the ceiling to wall windows.  The beds are sooo comfortable....especially if you've had a long night out :)  It is a beautiful place.
5	This was my second visit to Vegas and fortunately my family was there too all the better.  They were arriving from Chicago, with comp on the rooms.  So, that was a plus for me.  Having to not come as far as them, I got there first.I loved this place for the ambience and the staff.  As crazy as Vegas can be, it seemed really easy here.  So, after off boarding the shuttle I arrive and tell them I'm waiting for my family who the rooms were reserved in.  No problem, they take my bags and off I go.  So now, free of luggage, I get to roam around. But first things first I'm starving.  So I head over to Zoozacrackers for a salad.  Pretty good, doing some serious people watching now.  It's always comical in Vegas.  Now that I'm full, I begin to take a gander around the hotel.  It's gorgeous.  If you get a chance to watk through it , do so.Family arrives, yea, we get our rooms.  Tower Suite of course.  Wow, incredible.  Room over looks the golf course and part of the pool area.  That's pretty high up.  We decide what to do about dinner and head out.  Mean while I had already scoped out some after hours eateries and the Buffet.  The next day we go the Buffet, awesome, I could have stayed here and completely vegged.  Now, I had an awesome time here, but I will tell you this now I receive comp rooms from the Wynn, I'm terrified.  I lost my ass.  But, that's my fault.  Pluses, they are right across the straight from the Shopping Mall. Minuses, they are on the other end of the Strip.  Plus, it's a great walk to the main drag after the sun goes down.Would I stay here again, oh yes with a quickness.  Jenni B. hit the nail on the head with her review.  Now, Tryst I did not go to since I prefer the lounges at the other hotels for entertainment and besides that, it's free. :-)
5	My New Las Vegas Favorite: After numerous trip Las Vegas I had made a home of the Bellagio until I tried the Wynn. My new LV home. Having stayed there several times now since it's opening I can only say it has gone from Great to Unbelievable. While it is NOT the place to stay for everyone, it was never intended to be. It is ineed expensive, but, isn't luxury supposed to be? My rooms have always been clean & frankly the best size to price contrast on the Strip. The shower & oversized tubs are fantastic. If staying in a Fairway Villa, the soaking tub is out of this world. I love the flat screen TV in view from the tub. The bedding is the best I've encountered. Soft, subtle and simply like sleeping on a cloud. Do use your latch & Privacy Tag unless you want house keeping coming in bright & early. Also, Don't play with the mini-bar. As is becoming regular in Vegas, the mini-bar is WEIGHT sensitive. To anyone complaining of being charged erroniously by it, don't play with food you aren't going to eat, especially for the 2 minute lag it has. The in room fax machine has come in handy on more than one occassion. The pool & cabanas are nice. Some of the lounge areas pool side can be a little bit cramped, but, there are many open areas to be had. One just needs to walk to them. The service pool side is regularly top quality. The food, again, is spendy, but, wonderful. I fell in love with the Chocolate shop in the Wynn Collection. The shopping is evil, though they make my credit card providers happy. With designers like Brioni you know this isn't a typical place to bring the family shopping. Now for the reason we goto Vegas.....the Casino. It is indeed a casino. A nice one with good minimum & limit amounts. Some dislike that most tables are $25 min. bets. I like it. It sometimes keeps them less crowded than other casinos. This leads me to my only true complaint: Gawkers. While Vegas is becoming more a tourist destination than a gaming destination it is bringing more and more people there who spend too much time wandering & staring than eating & playing. I only wished there were less people bumping into each other & more people there who were doing something other than sight seeing & price gawking. I loved the gaurds checking room keys at the elevators, it made for a comfortable elevator ride. I found the staff to be very helpful. While there was a few times the computer had issues during my stays (Early on), everyone was taking it in stride; Some self-important guests aside. I found check-in/out to be painless. The Concierge team has always come through for me, even last minute. The ony time I saw someone be treated less than five star is when they began treating a staff member like the janitor at a roadside motel; You can't buy class. I read of one reviewer feeling that other dressier patrons were catered to more than he. Well, Good. This is not a place to wear cut-offs & a TShirt to a five star dinner. I stated that this hotel isn't for everyone & I firmly feel that way. That is why many like it, simply, we can be around other like minded people. The bottom line is that Wynn is expensive, but, it delivers.
5	I hate the carpet.Might seem like a strange thing to say given the rating I've given the Wynn, but "I hate the carpet" is always the first thing that pops into my mind when I think of the Wynn.  Sometimes I wonder if the carpet is the output of some terribly complicated algorithm developed by computational neuroscientists to keep gamblers from getting too relaxed.  Keep you awake, keep you gambling.Obviously, I kid, but the carpet is the closest thing to a complaint I could come up with for the Wynn.  I've stayed there as well as just visited to gamble or see a show and the experience is always about the best I find in Vegas.  I highly recommend the panorama view rooms for a view that will always get your heart pumping and ready for a night on the town.There are little touches everywhere, views that make you wonder aloud if they laid out the entire floor plan just to accommodate what you're seeing, little ergonomic touches that make the stay just a little bit more comfortable, and visual touches that let you know a lot of thought, sweat, and concern went into putting the place together.And occasionally the wait staff play along with you, letting your drunk buddy think that those aren't statues sitting out in the waterfall area, just people who are paid to stand really still...
5	I've stayed at probably ten Vegas hotels and this is my favorite.  Beautiful, great gambling, every restaurant we tried was delicious and just all around beautiful.  The buffet is so amazing.  If you sign up for the red card, least when I was last there, you very quickly earn enough points for 2 free buffets.  My mom and I had 6 free buffets in no time.  I am a penny machine gal, so you know I was not spending big bucks.  And soon after we went they sent me an email offering me 4 free nights!  I stayed at the Monte Carlo probably 30 times and am in their program and never got anything from them.  The Wynn has become where I spend most of my free time in Vegas now and I enjoy every moment.
5	When it comes to seeking guidance, many people turn to God. Others turn to wise old great-grandmas or even psychics. Being an atheist/cynic with a crappy grandma, I turn to my friends, and depending on what I'm seeking advice for, I have certain people lined up in mind as go-tos. So when it came time to figure out what hotels/attractions I should visit for my first Las Vegas trip since I was 15 (I'm 24 now),  I turned to my good friend Jessica, who had moved from LA to Vegas sometime in the last couple years.Now I'm a relatively transparent person; my likes and dislikes are pretty well known since I tend to talk a lot. Knowing my proclivity for class, style, and the company of people who speak in grammatically correct sentences, Jess suggested that I would probably enjoy the Wynn as my favorite Strip-area hotel, citing it's reputation for "elegance, cleanliness, and less smoke." Clean and low-smoke?! She really *does* know me!Luckily, Jess was also tactful enough not to suggest I book a room there for my weekend trip, because although I have a taste for Van Cleef and Arpels, I operate on a Jewelry Exchange budget. So maybe all I could afford was the Westin via Priceline, but I'd be damned if I let that keep me from dressing up, driving down the street with my boyfriend, and sneaking in to the Wynn's pool as if we owned the place. (Hey, the Westin's pool is literally the size of a deck of cards. Cut a sheisty girl a break, kay?)So after pulling off our 'let's sneak into the Wynn's pool and cabana!" heist not once but TWICE (I blend in w/families with kids and room keys well; like a babysitter or aunt), we looked around at the gleaming water, perfect ratio of shade to sun, fully-stocked cabana bar and nearby poolside cafe, and decided that our Saved By the Bell scheming was DEFINITELY worth it.If you have the means to actually stay at the Wynn, I'd highly recommend it. The amenities speak for themselves; I can only infer that the rooms must be just as nice and well-appointed. And if you don't? Make like Krissy M. and pretend to be rich for a day. Maybe you can't spend the night, but you can get into the swanky pool! Just get (tastefully) dolled up and try and blend in with a group as they get off the pool elevator. It helps if you're wearing designer shades and you pretend to be having an important conversation on a cell phone.Many thanks to my friend/wise grandma/personal deity Jessica, who helpfully steered me away from my crackerjack pool and 3 star hotel and in a more classy, Krissy-friendly direction. ;-)
4	A lovely hotel, but I don't think the money used building this place was as well spent.
5	I had the opportunity to stay here in February of 2007 on a Weds, Thurs and Fri.  Once we were there we were told there were no more non-smoking rooms available and were switched to a room with a strip view on the 59th floor (I believe there are 60 floors in this hotel).  The room was very clean and I couldn't tell if it had ever been smoked in since there was no smell of cigarettes at all.  The view was spectacular especially in the evening.  The bathroom was all granite with separate tub and shower.  This was by far the best hotel I've ever stayed in and would highly recommend staying there again.
2	What can I say? This place was a major contributor of misfortune and bad times during my recent Vegas visit. Their slots are tight as hell, blackjack and craps had $50 minimums, their damn buffet closes at 10PM--on the Strip, the Bellagio buffet closes at 2AM--and because the entire hotel/casino bleeds money, a mojito is $12 in the Terrace Pointe Cafe. I haven't stayed in the hotel, heard it's nice, but you can find other places to gamble. Plus, the folks at the Players Club (or Red Club, whatever) lied to me several times about the buffets. I earned a free spin on an electronic wheel by joining the club and won a buffet, only to have it expire shortly thereafter without my knowledge.
5	Wow.  Yep.  This place is pretty amazing.  As an Architect I appreciate the natural daylighting and quality of materials and finishes.  As somebody who goes to Vegas a few times a year, every year, nothing really compares to this.  Club Tryst was very very nice as well.  My only criticism was the DJ played a very weird mix.  He tried to make everyone happy from hip hop, to classic rock, to euro trash techno.  Kind of hard to dance to.  Some of the Lakers were there.  The casino is really nice and surprisingly it was not too expensive.  The table limits were reasonable ($15 Min. Bet) and the food was reasonably priced as well.
4	3.75- aesthetically very pleasing to the eye, the hotel too:-POne casino we had not made it to was the Wynn.  I had heard great things about the aesthetics of this place, and they are all true.  This place is really really nice looking.  My wife and I especially enjoyed the waterfall wall they had towards the front of the building.Gambling wise, this place is definitely for high rollers.  Their minimums during the day, looked like some places mins. at nite.  Still, from the shops, to the restaurants this place definitely had a touch of class to it.  I don't think I'm quite the baller to be staying out here quite yet, but maybe some day.From a specifically tourist stand point, you should check this place out.  Whether you eat, gamble, drink, club, or just plain walk around the place, you should be able to find something to hold your interest.
5	Hands down the best hotel I've stayed in thus far. Granted, my view is biased since we were in a two bedroom penthouse, but I can see how (if my room were sectioned off to be it's own room) it would've been just as comfortable without the extravagant living room, dinning room, massage room, and extra bathroom). The marble, the linen, the huge bathrooms, the music and the flat screens in the bathroom, so hot! With that being said, all of the amenities were awesome! From the gorgeous pools, to all the venues, from Tryst, to the lounges, to the restaurants, LOVE IT, and of course the service is fantastic. Love all the little treats they leave in the rooms as well. (I also had a chance to peek into the villas, they too are incredible. Same set up as the hotel rooms in terms of decor and design, just more spacious with higher ceilings and private pools of course). I wish I can just live in the Wynn.
3	My flavor for the Wynn is diminishing.  I'm thinking not to return here anymore.  It's a nice place, but the gambling experience this time left me feeling disappointed.
4	I had not been to Las Vegas since well before the Wynn went up -- before he sold off the Mirage properties to MGM, even! -- so we were very curious to see how the Strip had changed and specifically wanted to see what was left that was -not- owned by Harrah's or MGM. We ended up falling in love with the environment the Wynn offers -- delighted squeaks upon discovering the excellent lingerie store, long lustful looks at the McQueen shop, an ecstatic gasp upon finding Fernet Branca listed in the menu at Parasol Up... Oh, and the gambling! I had one excellent long night of craps here and was very pleased with the attitude and aptitude of the dealers. Although my average bet was pretty much the $15 minimum of the table when I first started playing (as I am building my own business, I sort of have to be responsible and conservative. Yeah, I know: no fun!), I was treated no differently from the player across from me with six-figures'-worth of chips in his rack. I just found the atmosphere really lovely for playing craps and really, that's what I am looking for when I have chips on the table, you know?I'll be returning to Vegas towards the end of the month, and am very much looking forward to playing here again! I would love to stay here as well, but unfortunately with my sad little budget I'd rather spend half as much by staying down the street -- and gamble away the savings at the Wynn. =)
4	The Wynn=I WIN!!!The man and I wanted to check out this gorgeous hotel. It is gorgeous and we enjoyed walking around and taking in all the sites. Since we were new to the casino, we decided to sign up for their promotions card called RED which was toting sign up and get $10.00 worth of free slot play.So, many of you know I am a girl who plays poker and other live action games. I do not typically play slots, but if I do, there is one type of slot I will play (Jackpot Party) and I will do the $0.25 draw poker machines. I decided to put $20 into a draw poker machine, bet the max $1.25 and kept hitting small stuff. My guy was off at another machine and when he finally found me (20 minutes later), and sat down next to me, I was about $40.00 up. Next thing I know, bam, I hit a royal flush and win the jackpot for the day which was about $1,100.00. Talk about fun luck! I then took that $10.00 free slot play to the Jackpot Party machine, put in their $10.00 and a $20.00 bill of mine and ended up cashing out of the $.05 machine for $230.00! Long story short, I came home with just as much money as I left for Vegas with and I paid for all of our tips, taxis and misc. stuff with other winnings. I love the Wynn!I have lots and lots of reviews to write and cannot manage to do them all tonight. I am hitting some main points and must be honest, we did not stay here, this review is mainly for the casino and for the downstairs itself.
5	I've never actually stayed in this hotel, but I always make sure I visit when I'm in Las Vegas.  My favorite part of this hotel is the outside seating area by the water. They put on some water show.  I was truly impressed.  Normally I only go to Vegas for work, but when I do again on my own I'd want to stay here for sure.The hotel itself is beautiful.
5	I have always liked quality and luxury but recently I really changed. Having returned home from last week's stay at The Wynn, Las Vegas I will forever compare hotels, restaurants, stores and service experiences with the my time at The Wynn.  We arrived at McCarran airport mid-morning and took a taxi straight to The Wynn. The check-in area is tastefully appointed with crystal birds, gold and marble...lots of marble, the same marble, pale white with pink streaks, whose veins cover most floors in the casino, the guest room hallways (yes regular rooms have marble hallways) and last but not least the bathrooms (but more about them in a bit). Check in was easy. I had requested a high floor with a view of the Strip. The lady checking me in smiled and handed me my red card (both playing card AND room key) and explained that our room was on the 55th floor! As the Wynn does not have a 13th floor or any floors beginning with the number 4 (bad luck in Chinese) we were ACTUALLY on the 44th floor (but who's counting??).  Our room was much larger than my first apartment in New York, in fact our bathroom was MUCH larger than my New York bedroom!!  The bathrooms are a quiet spa-like sacutuary with marble and glass. The two-person tub fills VERY quickly (who wants to wait?)The views, the service, the marble... The Wynn!!!!  Now what will Steve Wynn do for an Encore???
5	let me preface by saying that vegas is not on my top ten of fun.  i feel like i spend or give away (ie gambling) a lot of money for things that that are not as fun as anticipated and eventually leads me to lung cancer (because everyone has a cigarette in their hands).  that said, the wynn is the exception.  from walking through other resorts, i also very, VERY much appreciate the lack of resort employees hassling you to see a show.  i could not believe even relatively nice places like the Venetian and Cesar's has people at every corner trying to sell you a "great deal" on a show.  UGH LEAVE ME ALONE!!  this alone made me feel relieved i was staying at the wynn, away from be accosted all day long.rooms are beautiful, on the 58th floor looking down on the strip was actually tranquil and relaxing.  bathrooms are large and fully equipped for a great soak in the tub.  i loved laying on the bed and watching the storms pass over the mountains.if it was not 100 billion degrees outside, i would have also been very happy to sit poolside at the wynn longer than i did.  the european pool is great even though my mojito was $14 and beer is $6.50 (yikes!).  bartenders are friendly and not at all pushy with the drinks.  the grill is expensive as well, but you at least do get what you pay for.  our burgers were enormous and tasty.  i especially liked my turkey burger.i really don't see myself going to vegas anytime soon, but if we do come back i am definitely staying at the wynn again.
5	Yes this is a very classy Hotel i loved the casino area, we tried the buffet and it was great! I have to say we love this place! If you join their players club and play for a few minutes you get the Buffet comped! We had three new people in our group get the cards and they comped six dinners! The casino was not crowded and had a nice feel, i love to play craps so i strolled to one of the tables and saw the Los angeles Dodgers new manager Joe Torre and his crew playing! NICE!
5	If you have some cash to spend, but are a firm believer of getting your money's worth than the Wynn LV is the place for you. If I really dug deep to find a complaint I suppose the 10min wait to check in....? However, they did give me a comp upgrade and I would be hard pressed to stay anywhere with a shorter wait. Now onto the positives, the rooms are very large and well kept and the bathrooms are amazing (yes the tub is as big as everyone claims). The room service was more than accommodating with our sleep schedule and never failed to come less than twice a day, regardless of irregularity in times. The Wynn Casino is also one of the best, yes it is a little pricey, but the drink service makes up for it (at least I think so). The pool is awesome, I recommend the adult/euro pool. The shopping mall is amazing, even if you don't have and or don't want to blow a wad of cash it is still fun to look. Definitely don't miss Sugar and Ice, Parsol Up Down Lounge.Overall, Steve Wynn keeps his Disney Land based design top notch and classy. Worth EVERY penny!
1	Ok, lets get started.Stayed Aug 12-15th#1 Bellman takes off with my bags and sets the claim ticket on the seat of my car because I guess I was taking to long unloading the skybox on top of the car, thing is,  he left without 2 of the heaviest bags so I had to lug those in and up. Nice job sparky!#2On the way in a door lady was arguing with a lady with a new baby in a stroller who was apparently trying to meet someone for lunch, her problem was that "the owner does not like strollers so if she wanted to come in she would have to carry her infant in and leave the stroller out"CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT CRAP? What an A-Hole.I mean, I agree that Vegas and kids dont mix but come on?You make a lady carry in a newborn who was sleeping peacefully because some pompus jerk doesn't like strollers? What a dork.Obviously, childless.I should have known right then.#3Check in was not long but was screwed up, the guy did not have the right conformation, tried to make me sign a bill charging $110 per night OVER my confirmed rate, luckily I caught it and when I asked him why it happened he said "uhh,,...I dunno" ....Ummmm......ok?#4 Room was nice but did not have 2 beds as I had confirmed when I made the reservation 5 months prior.I called down and they apologized and said they would send up a pull out for an additional $50, WHAT!!!I freaked and requested another room with 2 beds like I confirmed and they said they were sold out of those rooms, Yeah right it was a Tuesday and the place was dead?.They then put me on hold for 9 minutes and came back and said "sorry but all we can do is send you up a roll away and will waive the fee.Well gee,  thanks. 3 phone calls and 6 hours later the bed arrives.Great job!#5 Gambling was average, high limits were expected at the tables, playing video poker at the bar with no comp booze was not expected, but whatever?Guy at the blackjack table was pretty funny and really did not have anything good to say about the hotel either, he said pretty much all the dealers hated the managing staff and called them a bunch of "dill weeds" whatever that means?I did notice that no one there was exceptionally friendly and have no idea where the hell they got a 5 star rating from ,maybe Tiajuana?It is Vegas, maybe they greased the palms of the reviewers as this place does not have anywhere near the service as many of the other fine choices on the strip.#6Dinner, ate at Okada or whatever the sushi rest is there, was decent, nothing to get excited about, truth is I have had better sushi at some of the strip mall sushi shops.The Toro was horrible and way overpriced.I should have known better than to eat sushi in the desert?The real fun came 4 hours later when I was trying to sleep.Ummm can you say there was a waterfall but it was not the one outside the window.Yeah, on the pot all night, stomach cramps and all.Called down in the a.m. and let them know, had to file a report.Ruined my entire day.Got a call later in the day by the Manager a Mr. Evan Spiegel who after telling that I had to stay in the room all day said "Thats not good for anyone" because "I wasn't spending money at his hotel since I was stuck in the room".Oh yeah, here is the kicker, instead of doing what any normal manager would do, like maybe really apoligize and tell me that he will erase that horrible stomache turning meal from my bill  he asked if he can "help me out with some crackers to help my stomach"? WTF???? CRACKERS?  No you moron, you just poisioned me !!!I want some serious apoligies at the very least.I don't want some F-ing crackers?Maybe you should go  investigate that contaminated fish in your restaurant before someone else meets my fate?That might be a good start?Then upon arriving home I was totally again shocked to see that they actually kept that diarrhea dinner on my bill? Again, WTF?Needless to say I don't think you should have to pay for a dinner that pretty much ruined your stay in Vegas.Can you say incompetent CLUELESS manager?Either that or what I read is true, they actually ARE desperately hurting for money?#7Room service,(The morning we left) actually was very good and the server was really nice.FINAL,My advice, go to the Wynn to look around at your gawdy rich Grandmas decor on steroids and do not give them any of your money.Go back to The Hotel or 4 seasons @ Mandalay or shoot even the Venetian has better service than that placeTHE SERVICE SUCKS and the Manager Mr. Spiegel is either really stupid or very incompetent  when it comes to customer satisfaction..VERDICT: Dont waste your time or money!The "Wynn" is a LOSER!!
3	I thought it would be better. I mean the rooms are nice, but nothing special. The bathroom is huge and nice. Also, the bed was the softest one I've been on in Vegas. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here though!
4	Wonderful hotel.  Although it disgusts me how Steve Wynn boasts about the hotel and seems so arrogant about it, I have to admit it does live up to it's "hype".  Lobby, casino, shopping, accommodations, everything is spectacular.Whenever I go to Vegas (which is 2-3 times a year), I usually stay at the Wynn.  My father is frequently in the casino, so the hotel lists him as V.I.P. and we constantly get discounted rates or free nights.  I highly recommend the Wynn to anyone going to Vegas for the first time.
3	Opening disclaimer: I didn't sleep here. I couldn't afford it. The prices are higher and the location poorer than so many other casinos. I have walked through it, though, and eaten in its cafes and sat at its tables and shopped its stores. And my impressions are twofold. First, I instantly concede its luxuriousness, the opulence of its quarried marble and the breezy cosmopolitanism of its casino and broad avenues of high-end material swag. I thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of monied well-being the Wynn so marvelously imparts. Health and pelf in the land of well-heeled conquerers--isn't this is the impression the Wynn wants to make on its herded masses, and the handful of ambitious social-climbers and delusional poker-playing dreamers who arrive at its gilded gates. All that is well and good, but also leads me to my second impression: the conspicuous absence of a theme. Where is the all-encompassing motif that ties everything together with a dash of self-mockery and comic irrelevance? What bemuses me about the Wynn is its utter lack of humor. No pirates waiting to savage unwitting sailors. No Roman gods casting a baleful gaze down on the mortals. No medieval arches, skylit French towers, or faux romance along crystalline Italian canals. How could you pour a billion dollars into a new casino without once ruminating on the thematic premise of the whole production? The only answer that comes to mind is that Steve Wynn is an extremely serious man. Only someone of monumental self-importance could build something so utterly bereft of humor. But without some unifying premise, some self-effacing bridge to the common man, of what use is all that marble and glass and light? As the summer of 2008 winds to a close, a second edifice has risen from the sands beside the Wynn, a complementary casino called Encore, suggesting that the first edition of the Wynn received such universal applause that it required a second act. Seriously? Perhaps in the mind of the man who commissioned it, but I doubt this casino will endure in the imaginations of the throngs who cross its glittering plain. Architecture endures when it offers a special interpretation of reality, or provides a clever and enthralling lens through which to see the world: life through the eyes of ancient Romans or modern Venetians or boroughed New Yorkers. Life through the eyes of the purposeless rich is hardly a theme worth contemplating for more than an afternoon...
4	- Great promo deal for a lovely 2 night stay with dining credit. - Elegant hotel with an great atmosphere to keep me indoors all weekend long. - Awesome pool to lounge even in 104 degree weather.- Daniel Boulud Brasserie. Fine Dining.- A room with a "perfectly" sized bath to fit 2 people.- Waterfall with one bad @$$ giant frog who sing and dance. Just Lovely..For everything done so right, how could I have taken one star off perfection? - A snooty casino "red card" info booth attendant lady and a rude cashier lady who was very unhelpful and unwilling to answer questions. BAH to you.
5	we didn't stay here - but i have to say that as far as 'over the top vegas style' goes - this place does it REALLY WELL. when you walk in you feel much more relaxed than in the other mad houses they call hotels. it smells delish like expensive citrusy aftershave or something.  at the outside cocktail lounge the woman taking ids addressed us all by name which i thought was a nice touch. the casino feels more like an afterthought instead of the main attraction like it is in all the other hotels. if i ever go back to vegas (hopefully not) i will absolutely drop the bank to stay at the wynn to avoid the throngs.
4	I love to stay at Wynn. When I get the VIP free rooms and Free plays, I usually go. They gave me up to three nights stay each time. Last time I went in July, They gave me 3 nights stay and $150 free gambling money! Now thats VIP style for someone who doesn't gamble that much. I love their ambiance. It's elegance makes you feel like you are in Europe, or perhaps just one of the best in Vegas. When I'm there it's either gambling or on the strip so never took advantages of the pool, spa or the fine dinnings. The rooms are contemporary style with electronic curtains, flatscreen wall tv with music and mood swings background, huge bathroom with the toilet in its own little room, a standing shower and a bath tub, ooohh.. not to forget their beddings... sateen eqyptian cotton sheets and pillows. makes you feel so warm and cozy and guarantee a great night rest. You can also buy their hotel amenities and beddings at one of their shop cals NVLV.  Their Toiletries is called bambu. They sell it at the gift shops.. pretty expensive. so Take advantage of the useages. ;)I'm only giving it a 4 star because I like more of the elegance style, like Venetian more then the contemporary. At the price you are paying you would think its a bigger room like the Venetian rooms, with a living room and a pull out couch. But overall its a great and luxurious ambiance and decor.
3	Went with my parents over the holidays, and they were so booked that even after 3:00 (the check in time) they still told us that they didn't have rooms for us.  We flew in, and had heavy luggage, and the "best they could do" was to take my phone number and call me.  I was upset because it was crowded and we didn't have a car, so what am I going to do with all the luggage?  "Well, we'll call you as soon as we can.""No, you are going to give me my rooms like you promised.  I would completely understand this problem if I was trying to check in early, but it's after 4. You are telling me that housekeeping still hasn't done their jobs yet?""I'm sorry ma'am there's nothing we can do."After 30 minutes of arguing, "okay ma'am, since I can see that you are very upset, I will move you up the waiting list for rooms."Waiting lists??? Are you kidding me? How many other people are suffering from your inability to uphold your promises after we paid $300+ per night?It took another 15 minutes for the manager to say, "Okay, I suppose I can give you a room."  No apologize, nothing, for making my parents (who have knee problems) stand in the lobby getting shoved around by people (very small check in area) for them to get us our rooms.That entire situation just ruined the stay.  I won't go back to Wynn.  I should have stayed at the Bellagio like I always do.
1	I am extremely disappointed. I thought vacations are suppose to be relaxing. I will never ever stay at the Wynn  or any hotel associated with the Wynn ever again.  They use cheap tactics to make a cheap few extra bucks.We booked a room based on a promo rate. We got confirmation and all was well. When we arrived, we were given a higher rate along with other mistakes inconsistent with the promo. We caught everything else but didnt catch the room rate difference.For most professional and well-managed establishments who respect their patrons. It's no big deal. BUT NOT SNOBBY WYNN !!! They said since we re-confirmed upon arrival, the new rate applies. Yah.. they tried to give us a $50 dining credit instead of a $100 dining credit as stated by the promo too. DISHONEST !!! LIES LIES LIES!!!
5	I have yet to stay in a hotel that can outdo the exquisite Wynn. I got married in Vegas and we stayed at the Wynn. My husband picked this place after much research. It is a small hotel in comparison to some of the older monstronsities nearby.  This is not a gimmicky place. They have the show La Reve which was amazing. If you stay there or not see the show. Our room was bigger than our apartment. There was a television in the bathroom. Say what? Soft beds. Oh yeah!!!  And we had a nice view of the strip. This is simply a classy place which is why his name is on it.Now I totally don't appreciate the rigged snack bar but it is helpful when you are on a budget I guess. Just don't get drunk and go back to your room and stumble around. Anything knocked off for more than 30 seconds gets billed. Seriously. But their room service is impeccable and the breakfast is sooooo yummy. Please take your honey here, bring some bubble bath and be prepared to not want to leave.
4	I've never stayed here, but I  can honestly say don't be scared to play here even if you are a low-roller! My favorite game is the $2.50 rapid roulette... you're in the freaking wynn and they have $2.50 limits, how sweet is that! While you're playing try their awesome mojitos or mai tais. Seriously shove $20 in the rapid roulette, pick some numbers, and sip on some free drinks.. you will be entertained and drunk in no time! Love the decor, love the ambience, hate the jerkoffs who work at the Red Card place.. they are so rude. Also unlike the rest of Yelp I find the buffet overpriced overrated and not worth the hour wait.. apparently that's just me though.
5	What a gorgeous place!!  I have walked through the Wynn, but this was our first stay.  Our room had a large flat screen T.V. that you could rotate off the wall to watch it from bed or the couch.  The furniture, accessories and amenities within the room were great.  There is Andy Warhol art on the walls and the bed is VERY comfortable.  The drapes have a switch on the wall to open and close them (took us a minute to figure that one out).  The bathroom is huge with a double sink , glass shower, separate tub and separate toilet for privacy.  Internet use is $14.95 per day..ouch!  I think with their room rates they should offer free wireless.  Anyway, there is a fax also in the room.    I took advantage of the spa and had a massage.  Their spa was nice, but  I like the one at Mandala Bay better.  We also enjoyed the large barbell shaped pool.   We had one meal (breakfast) while staying here, in the Terrace Cafe.  Excellent!  I had eggs Benedict my husband had the eggs and hash.  The  Bearnaise sauce was a work of art, but what really got me was the accompaniment of a 3/4 inch grilled tomato topped with garlic, Parmesan, olive oil and some spices.  So we are not rich and could never afford to stay here, if my husband wasn't here on business.  So what a spectacular treat :-)
5	The Wynn is the finest hotel I have ever stayed at.  The best part about it was that my girlfriend and I got to stay here for free for one night and we were given $100 playing credit with no strings attached (about 2 months prior, we signed up for a "Red Card", the Wynn's player rewards card, and we got the offer via email).The casino itself is very grand and the lobby is very high class.  We were offered fresh lemonade while waiting to check-in.The real delight came when we got to our room.  Every room at the Wynn either has a view of Las Vegas Blvd. or the Wynn golf course and pool.  The room was not set up like the typical hotel room.  The bed was against a wall facing the window and view.  This is probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.  All the drapes were operated by remote control so you could sit in bed and enjoy the view without having to get up.  There was a large living room area and the bathroom even had an LCD television.There are several fine restaurants including the Wynn Buffet and a small ice cream and sandwich shop named Sugar & Ice.  The Wynn also features a man-made waterfall that is beautiful and serene.  There are even nightly light shows taking place on the water that tingle the senses.At first, I thought it was very vain for Steve to name the hotel after himself instead of some region (Mandalay Bay, Sahara, etc.), city (Paris, New York, NY, etc.), or some fantasy theme (Treasure Island, Excalibur, Mirage, etc.), but after visiting, all complaints have been thrown out the door and I just enjoy the Wynn for what it is...a world class hotel.
3	I had an ok time staying at the Wynn. I was part of a large VIP group traveling together who had contacted the Wynn in advance of our stay to secure a "preferred" room rate which was for two deeply discounted rooms for a weekend stay .  After several phone confirmations that our reservation was indeed of the "preferred" variety before our arrival, it took the first two days of our stay at the hotel to reach the appropriate staff members in order to confirm the proper rate for the third night.  This hassle along with my mixed feelings accompanying the various hotel staff we encountered during our stay (ranging from helpful and genuinely friendly to totally pompous and stand-offish) left me feeling that the Wynn certainly could have offered more from a customer-service standpoint given the caliber of its reputation. Secondly, I would say that the overall value of the hotel rooms we were given left something to be desired.  The rooms were nice and had some nice things in them, but I didn't feel like I was staying in a five-diamond hotel room.  We had a golf-course view which was not that exciting (it's mostly an "Encore construction" and "Hilton with Barry Manilow banner" view right now) and the room wasn't all that spacious.  I will say that the bathroom was disproportionately large, and that the beds were very comfortable.  But wireless internet was $14 per day in the rooms, and the snack/minibar was rigged with pressure sensors to automatically charge your account should things be removed for too long.  Maybe Steve should have spent the money he used on those snack bar weights and scales to add a few square feet to the rooms instead, or offer the basic amenity of internet access to his guests. I was really expecting to be wowed at the Wynn but I think my expectations were much too high.
5	This is T.H.E. best place to stay in Vegas.  For the food, the ambiance, the gambling (they now sport some $10 blackjack tables...wewt!)  There are flat screen plasmas in every room, beautiful huge bathrooms to be sick or recover in, high quality toiletries to wash evil out of your hair and off your skin, an amazing mini-bar to concoct some of the hair of the dog that bit you, and amazing linens to sleep it all off.  I love the restaurants...Bartolotta, SW Steakhouse, Tableau, Stratta, Bouloud, etc etc.  No end of amazing things to put in your mouth.  It's across the street from the Fashion Show mall, which has great shopping for everyone, high end, low end and everything in between.  The spa at the Wynn and the pool areas are pretty incredible, as is the gym if you can make it there.  Visit the Parasol Up bar for an a amazing martini and to people watch high end hookers peddle their wares.  Never a dull moment, and all with class, always spelled with a "c".
3	Didn't stay here, but enjoyed the light show outside.  It starts around 7:30 pm and goes every half hour until 1 am.  It is worth grabbing a seat on the terrace outside registration and having a drink, and watch the show for a few rounds  The drinks are expensive and not well made, and the bartenders were sorta surly, but I tipped well and they came around to our side, plying us with snacks and stronger drinks.  I won $130 bucks on slots, yay!   If you sign up for a Wynn card you get 10 bucks free play, then when you hit 25 points you get another 10 bucks if you spin some stupid wheel at the red card desk, so have all your friends play on your card to get the 25 points so you can get 20 bucks free gambling money.  Sweet!
5	I love you, Steve Wynn!  I don't care what others say about you and your dictator-like ways, you run an awesome hotel.  Rooms cleaned twice a day! Turn down service and candies each night!  Big screen LCD TV!  Shower big enough for 6 people!  Warhol prints in the room!  Gorgeous view of the Strip from my room!  Staff who will literally trip over themselves to help you!  Super gorgeous pool and cabana areas!  early check in!  Red card on arrival!  Slippers and robes -- which we were given!Take a lesson all you other hotels.  This is how its done.
5	really good buffet made it to this one as well right before the dinner prices took place and this place offered a large variety of food. This buffet and bellagio are very similar in my opinion and either one would be a great choice
5	Damn!.. this guy really know how to make great hotels... and the one with his name on it is freakin' awesome!..I was lucky to stay here for one comped night and i must say the standard room is great!... it had a 52" lcd flat panel with adjustable wall mount... The most plush pillows I have ever squeezed (ask my about my Wynn pillow story)... and the bed felt so soft... its equivalent to being dipped in vat of cool creamy milk on a warm day... or even better, its like wallowing in a bed of silky smooth rose petals... sigh...The amenities are immaculate... the service, ready and willing... and the ambiance, fit for James Bond... if I only had the money to play high end stakes poker, than my stay would have been complete...They have a wonderful night waterfall show on an outdoor patio, centralized within the casino outdoors... I didn't have time to explore too much, considering you can just stay at one place in Vegas the whole time, but i would imagine the shopping and pool to be exquisite...Of course, all this grandeur comes with a pretty penny... Seek your local travel agent for arrangements... come stay at least one night... you wont regret it...You'll be leaving with a smile on your face, or at least a grin, when you visit this wonderful hotel by Steve Wynn...-RR
4	Very nice service, staff was attentive to all my needs! I love the decor of the hotel room. Plus your LCD has the functionality to play ambience music lol. Although I don't stay in my hotel room much, the view from the 51st floor was top notch. Bed was very comfortable and I loved the room service. Overall I was very happy with my stay. Definitely plan on going back there soon!
5	i want thank you  mr.wynn for everything shot out to alen rautenberg best host in the world it started off when i arived  i had no reservation s  hotel was booked  and no place to go so i have excelent credit so i decided to open an  acount  with the wynn upon running credit verify bank  they gave me 15k  so i played the 50.00 tabel s with a 1k to start i left off the tabel 5hrs later and 8k richer so they gave me a saloon suit and comped me a late night steak dinner at the sw steak house kuddos to you mr wynn  definetly comin back
5	I celebrated a low-key honeymoon at the Wynn which was fitting for a low-key wedding of only 50 guests. The room is a amazing and relaxing for newlyweds. There was a television in the bathroom so I can have it on while I was getting ready to get married to man I've been in love with for over 10 years. I was able to connect my Ipod to the room's speaker and listen to some of our favorite tunes during our courtship which included Madonna and George Michaels. There was a topless section in the pool area for anyone who does not want tan lines and tables to gamble too. I was sunbathing while my husband was gambling, a perfect match.
5	The suites here are awesome. If you are willing to spend a few hundred more this is the place to hang with your buds. The service here is the top of the mark for your  selection of new hotels in Vegas. Plus do not forget to use your red card when you play.......Seriously...i never thought these cards had any major benefits but when you drop a few thousand or a few hundred bucks. You qualify soo quickly for some cool upgrades. Trust me ...This place is classy and worth the red carpet treatment.
5	Best hotel I have ever stayed at. Room was big, beds were comfortable, biggest bathroom i have ever been in, and oh yeah there's a tv next to the sink. We had a view of the golf course and it was spectacular. The electronic curtains are a great touch. Really the only set back was a small Gateway plasma tv. I guess they went cheap on that. Can't complain cause my room was free along with $100 in casino play.
5	Plush. Expensive. This is probably the nicest hotel I've stayed at. The bed is like sleeping on a cloud. It's the best sleep I've had in a while. Flatscreen tv. Huge bathtub. Tv in the bathroom. Desk with fax and internet connection to do your work if you're here for business (but you gotta pay for that internet, around $12). And oh, DON'T touch those mini bar snacks!! Move them for more than 30 seconds and they'll charge you whether you eat them or not. A good place to stay if you plan on staying in the room for an extended period of time, but a little too costly if you're going to be out most of the time.GAMBLING:25 cent Wheel of Fortune is my new best friend. There's nothing like spinning the wheel and winning a couple hundred dollars. Make sure you can hear other people spinning and winning though, because one time I played when people weren't  and lost some money.Roulette tables change their minimum at night. The cheapest table is $10 and it goes up to $15. It's not a big bump, but it's big enough to keep me from playing more than a couple of spins. I don't know if it's a Vegas norm or a Wynn norm. And personally, I think the table was hitting 00 a little too often.1 cent slots--fun to play, easy to win, but overall I think you win more by playing something like Wheel of Fortune.SKINNY on the WYNN PLAYER's CARD (RED CARD):FREE PLAYUpon signing up for the Red Card you get $10 free play. You do not have to be a guest to get the card. After earning (by spending/winning) 25 points you get to spin their wheel and win a prize (money in slot play, free buffets, etc). However, do not assume that 1 point equals 1 dollar as I did, because 1 point is actually $3 spent/won. Yikes! I was wondering why it was taking so long to accumulate points...SKIP THE BUFFET LINEGet the Red Card and you can skip the long regular buffet line and stand in a shorter Red Card line.FREE BUFFETSUpon signing up for the Red Card, you can earn points during your visit to win 2 free buffets. (I don't know how this works for people who are not guests of the hotel. I was there for 3 days so I had 3 days to earn my points.) To win the buffets, you do have to earn 150 points, which is a lot, but depending how big a gambler you are, you might earn it pretty quickly. And if you're an even bigger gambler and earn 500 points, you can get 2 more free buffets. Buffets can be used during a future visit. If you're with another person you can just use the same card to accumulate points faster. If you both live at the same address and can prove it (via driver's licence, etc.) you have the option of linking your cards so you can each sign up and each get the $10 free slot play, and as I understand it (double-check to be sure), your combined points can work towards the buffets.
4	This place is a palace! Its SO over the top! Everything is on the most grand scale... This guy has too much money and too big an ego...Didnt really gamble. I went to the sportsbook and bet some races, but didnt hit anything worth talking about. The bar at the sportsbook DOES NOT serve comped drinks even if youre playing the video poker machines. Some places want you to play max coins all the time and then theyll comp you. Not this place... and the bartender was quick to let me know. A Bookers on ice was 12 and the tip was 3. Nice, Mr. Wynn. At least you showed my friend Karen a nice eve at your lounge. Kudos for taking care of the tourist from downunder...Did eat a small plate of lunch at the cafe near the sportsbook which was decent. Im sure, if you take the time, youll find lots of cool things here at Wynn.
5	this was my first time at this hotel.  WOW.  by no means am I a big spender/gambler, but this place is awesome.  If ever you get a chance to stay here do it. I stayed at their "standard" resort room and i was very impressed.  There was so much space in the room I just kept wandering around in there.  The bathroom was great. A tub that I could lay my big but in was truly amazing, and watching tv or listen to the music while relaxing in the tub what more could I ask for,  well to have a jacuzzi tub, but oh well.  Also coming in to the room after a day of walking around, and losing  money, it was nice to see the beds made, the lights turned down, classical music playing and a piece of chocolate waiting for me next to the bed.The Casino seemed kind of small compared to the MGM or the New York New York, but like I said I'm not much of a gambler.  I did find my favorite game there though. I didn't get a chance to go to any of the restaurants here, but maybe next time.  I didn't get down to the pool, but my girlfriend said the pool was very nice.  The best part was that there were no kids running around screaming their heads off!!If i ever get a chance to stay here again, I will jump at the opportunity, but alas my budget is and probably always will be NYNY and MGM.
5	Dear Wynn: I love you. You are luxury all the way! You did not disappoint me in any way and this is so very rare...so very, very rare. You are beautiful, breathtaking even. Your pool is so stunning is makes my eyes water. My room was gorgeous and I didn't find it to be small at all (as some people have commented). Though I did have a panoramic so maybe the standard rooms are smaller. The bathroom is stunning, STUNNING, the view...amazing, the beds...a dream. Now for what I think is your finest feature...your service. It is IMPECABLE...flawless. Your staff is so well trained, so professional, so effective...my every need was catered to and anticipated. I am speaking of everyone from the maid to the pool attendant to the waitress to the door guy to the girl who checked me in to the random attendants all over the resort, etc. etc! Plus you are very good about treating your guests like VIPs in comparison to visitors to the hotel. It made me feel special inside and reassured me that $ can buy anything. Wynn, I never even left you during my entire stay in Vegas. There was no need to. You have clubs, the finest restaurants, the best spa (the best freaking pedicure I've ever had and I'm a nazi about them too!), the most beautiful casino...etc, etc.! My trip was both relaxing AND fun (lots of fun). I love you, I will see you again in March. Sincerely, Crystal - Your most loyal guest (until they build something that outshines you)
2	Okay... it's more like 2 1/2 stars.  Don't believe the hype.  The service wasn't that great... as our adjoining two rooms with double beds were not available.  They could only provide a King Bed and a cot.  What???  Apparently, just because you make a RESERVATION and pay for your room does not guarantee anything... it's simply a request.  I would understand if I had booked the room through a third party but we had called The Wynn directly.  Also, the fact that the clerk was snotty did not help.  Luckily, I went to another representative, as the snotty one was assisting my cousin, and she was able to give us the double beds.  Unfortunately, our rooms could not be adjoining and in fact were in such separate floors, we had to take different elevators.As far as the rooms go, the beds were TINY.  We had four girls to a room, which I thought would've been fair, but I was WRONG.  The bathroom was nice, similar to the Venetian and Palazzo.  However, the bedroom was small, and there was no additional living area.  If any of you had stayed at the Venetian, you would know that they have a cool layout with a additional living room, sofas, TV, mirror, and desk.  The Wynn, the five star/five diamond rated hotel, is merely two tiny double beds, the TV console and a desk.  I suppose it would be adequate... had we booked a room at the Holiday Inn... but it's not luxurious by any means.To add more insult to injury... my cousin checked in before me, but took longer to obtain a room.  I went after her and received my room with a smile, more efficiency, and was about fifteen floor higher.  Trust me, I thanked the representative for doing her job and being so kind about it.  Secondly, my cousin called to request a late check out and they said that it was unavailable.  When she calls my room to tell me this, I call the front desk to make a similar request.  Surprisingly, it was a non issue for us.  Can you imagine her frustrations?!  Here she was, celebrating her 25th birthday, and getting shafted!  It showed us that the hotel was inconsistent and definitely not worth the price tag.  We will not be coming back - not when there are so many other options on the strip.Ps.  The pool area was decent and the buffet was fabulous.
5	This hotel is amazing.  Love it.  The only downside, its expensive if you're price conscious.  Besides the room, plan on spending $15 per drink at the pool bar, etc.  If pleasure ranks above money when booking your next Vegas trip, stay here.
5	I love the Wynn though I actually slightly prefer the Bellagio (I know, shocking, right?!)...LOCATION: Conveniently located across from a great shopping mall but not central enough on the Strip in my opinionPRICE: (same as Bellagio) good if your uncle can get you the gambler's casino ratesCLUBS: Tryst is amazing!!! I love the huge waterfall, outdoor tables, multiple bars, good dj's, etcRESTAURANTS: Fabulous! Both Asian restaurants are superb, the pool cafe is amazing (especially the huge Chinese chicken salad), the little casino cafe has pretty good sandwiches and salads, and I'm sure everything else is great tooSHOWS: Cirque de Soleil show is awesome!CASINO: Love it! Usually the minimums are pretty high but I found a $5 craps table because a high roller had reserved it and requested the minimum be $5 to keep it busy... tend to be lucky at the Wynn too and the drinks come out fast!POOLS: Main pool gets very busy but it's fun to swim 1/4 mile (or longer) extreme laps! The VIP pool is small but much less busyGYM: Expensive (about $25/day) but nice, very clean gym with good equipment and TV's!VIP SUITE: Amazing! Great mini cookies, wine, beer, truffles, coffee, tea, pears, etc at most hours of the day. They didn't say anything about us being there most frequent visitors...DECORATIONS: Beautiful flowers!
4	"It's a f-ing chair!"  laughed my drunken friend."I know but it's gross. I can't sit on it!"  I challenged back."Wait, is it a F-ING chair, or is it just a f-ing chair?" questioned our curious male driver friend.We roared with laughter in the back seat."Listen, I had to put a towel over it, THEN I could sit to draw my eyeliner on!" I shamelessly tried to justify.  So Wynn was great, in fact, better than great with our panaromic golf course, mountain AND city lights view on the 54th floor.  BUT there were areas with definite lack of attention.   Like my stained vanity chair.  And the sandpaper bath towels.  What did they intend to do?  Exfoliate my body with these towels?  No wonder the spa downstairs doesn't make any money.  No, actually I'm sure they do by tripling the cost of manis and pedis :) Overall, the bed and comforters were warm & snuggly, artwork was awful, bathroom very spacious, gambling was still fun, the atmosphere was fairly clear of secondhand smoke, the staff was courteous, the hotel was well managed, the large kiddie pool was way too shallow but the roses enroute looked and smelled absolutely beautiful. And with perfect company, would I like to stay there again?  Definitely...but I might have to bring my own towels :P
5	Finally got to stay here because price was low enough :)   $119/weekdays + $199/weekends, just sign up for a free card and they'll keep sending you these great offers.Tip #1 - Read frontdesktip.com to see how you can get a free hotel upgrade because I got the panoramic view upgrade :)Tip #2 - Play 125 points worth on your card and get 2 free buffets + line pass.  There are slot machines that go up and down and slowly take your money, these are the best for building points.  All That Glitters is a great machine to do so.  You can't win, but you will build pointsWent recently and traffic was low, limits were low.  YOU MUST ORDER THEIR DRINKS!  It's the best on the strip IMO.have fun!
5	Now I don't want to start a controversy over the whole Steve Wynn vs. Las Vegas, BUT I do want to say that I LUV this place. I was there when they first opened.. not the "Grand Opening", but the opening. I visited several times after that and each time it gets better. They have a ton of stuff to do besides gamble, shop, eat, shows, browse, people watch, etc etc etc.. It seems like every time I go I notice something new that has been there all along. I can't say one bad thing about it... OH room service... Pancakes are the best =)
5	Best hotel in Vegas. No themes, no gimmics. Just nice and hospitable. Phenomal bathroom - it was like a spa.  I will stay here whenever I am Vegas. Love it.
5	What's better than staying at the Wynn? STAYING AT THE WYNN FOR FREE (no, not referring to having your hotel tab paid for by your gambler BF you gold diggers)!!!The comps were a nice surprise for my bday! The view is amazing (we got the strip view) and the floor to ceiling/wall to wall windows really take advantage of that. Bed, bath, amenities all luxurious. But one piece of advice, take advantage of the view. We slept with the windows open at night (early morning to be exact) to really take everything in. The service, housekeeping turnover, and atmosphere were A+. Definitely stay here if you can (I know I wouldn't be able to without those comps)! And charge everything to the room in order to, you guessed it, earn more comps! And and AND use your key card (if you have a red card account with them, its the same) when gambling (slots, BJ, poker) to earn points and potential comps :) Cheers to all you LV lovers!
5	Not only can you get a hot dog, churro, a case of Similac and 80 rolls of toilet paper at Costco, but a little known fact is that you can book vacations through them as well.  All you need is someone's Costco number and you can book a cheap trip to Vegas and stay at the super fabulous and swanky Wynn for the price you'd pay for staying at the Hooters hotel.Words do not do this hotel justice, so just look at the photos and be amazed.
3	It REALLY bothers me that they charge for the gym here.  You are already eating/dining/gambling/shopping--- old Stevie Wynn is getting enough of your money. The least he could do is let you have a few minutes of peace and health in the gym before rejoining the spending mayhem.  Hence I am taking off one star from my prior rating.
3	The fact that Wynn gets a higher rating than Trump International prooves my point that I am too old to be on Yelp!  It's really just pretty, meh!
4	I stayed a night at the Palazzo followed by a night at the Wynn, and I have to say - I was disappointed!  The Wynn is just not as nice.  Our rooms were smaller and less pretty, and there was entirely too much salmon-colored paint all around.  Still, a gorgeous hotel, and I might have gone with 5 stars had I not had the Palazzo to compare it with.  The casino is great, though don't bother looking for $5 blackjack.  (Don't judge.  $5 blackjack rules.)
4	Now my review is based on my visit to the hotel for gambling and checking the place out....oh and I won a sizable amount of money on penny slots.....*thank you Mr. Wynn*I LOVE the decor of the hotel with the bright colors and light coming in through the sky lights.  The gambling area is clean and nice with room to rest your items.  SO tropical throughout I would love to stay here sometime.  I loved the giant waterfall outback and the cool objects hanging from the ceiling.As my fiance and I say "The theme here is money" since Vegas hotels all have a theme to them.  You can tell Mr. Wynn has plently of it. I did win big here (first time ever) so I love being able to say I WON my money at the WYNN! (har har har).  WIN at the WYNN!
5	I didn't stay at the hotel, but this is my impression on the casino/shops.  All I can say is:  Beautiful!  Unlike most casinos that wreak of second hand smoke, maybe this place has modern state of the art ventilation systems or maybe I went when there were less smokers!  Besides gambling, you can take advantage of shopping at designer stores, admiring beautiful walkways and a nice pond/waterfall too!
4	I didn't stay here, but had the opportunity to gamble at the Wynn. One thing I like about The Wynn is how spacious the casino floor is. No cluster F here (Venetian). Cocktails: About 10 rounds of Patron shots. First waitress had the nerve to water down our shots. But, a new waitress hooked us up.. it was all hell from then on. So hammered... lol.. We lost all my money and didn't even care. Comps: The Wynn is really generous with comps. Each time we played here we got at least 1-2 comps per players card to the buffet for dinner. Ventilation: I can't stand second hand smoke. I thought The Wynn did a good job clearing the air for non-smokers. Dealers: Talkative, charismatic, and offers advice. I can't play with stiff dealers.  We had one dealer who went through 6 brain surgeries. My god.. this man is insane... in a good way. lulz. Name is Erik.. look for him.Shops: Premo shops. Chanel, LV, Dior, Vertu, Rolex.. etc. I love the Wynn. Pass on Venetian.
5	I had to stop betting on football because you would have done better flipping a coin or throwing darts at a sports magazine than how I was doing with my NFL stuff.  But if you like this sort of game, the Wynn is a really nice place to do it.  It's close to the parking garage and all the seats are big and comfy leather.  There's a great deli next door.  They've got big screens.  Everything's just gorgeous and nice and the experience that you expect the best casino in the world to be.  You can walk a few hundred feet next door to Encore and see the new "Sinatra" and "Botero" restaurants.  Classy.But the sports betting is a tough game - you can say I should wear a tin foil hat, and be watching JFK murder conspiracy movies.  But the Detroit Lions, first team to go 0-16 in the NFL ever, a really awful team, were playing at Green Bay today.  A pretty good team  to bet against, eh?  They're awful.  Away.  You might say, hey, I'm not a big bettor, but this is a giveaway, I'll take the Packers at -10.5.  You would have lost by half a point.  Here's the point spreads:http://www.covers.com/sports/nfl/nfl_lines.aspxSure, the record bad lowly Lions lost the game, but a bet on them would have won, they covered the point spread by the slimmest of margins.  It's fixed my friend.  Go play roulette.
3	After staying in many hotels on the strip with varying levels of quality I was expecting the Wynn to knock my socks off with all of its high faluting ratings.  Boy was I disappointed.  I should have listened to other yelpers opinions of the place.  My husband and I arrived late to a hu-hum reception area.  We were kept up much of the night with the noise of airplanes overhead and revellers coming home after late night partying.  The walls are paper thin!  We could even hear the person walking in their bathroom above us.  After finding a dirty toilet seat and lipstick marks on the cups I wanted to use for water I was rather frustrated to say the least.  The last straw was when I discovered the fridge in the room was actually a mini-bar that would charge me if I even thought about removing a coke from it.  The cost of a fridge to be added to the room is $25 per night.  Be warned that this place is not the quality of a five star hotel no matter what the brochures say... I'd give it three for its ammenities, service and cleanliness.  If you're looking for a luxurious place to stay for a couple of days away from it all stay at the Bellagio or the Westin just off the strip - heads and tails above the Wynn!
5	Gambling area is massiveGood selection of games, most dealers are niceCocktails waitresses some do not come frequently enough
5	I stay here every time I come to Vegas, the rooms are very large and the views are always great, I get great promotions in the mail.  This is definitely the best place on the strip to stay.
5	da bomb
5	I used to be a "Vegas on the Cheap" kind of guy. I decided to splurge on the Wynn. I went with my wife, who is a "do it big" person. I was totally overwhelmed by the quality, service, substance, and luxury. I am embarrassed  to say I have stayed at other hotels in Vegas. Do yourself a favor and stay 2 nights. You will thank yourself for the upgrade. The only Drawback is that there isn't a Wynn in the city I live in. Oh table minimum bets are a little high.
4	The Wynn is most certainly a high-end hotel.  They have thoughtful amenities in the room--including mouthwash--and have some of the best room service I've ever had.  (This is a major plus in my book)  The only drawback was the way that employees handled situations that were imperfect.  For example, I was served a bad glass of wine.  Instead of asking me if I'd like another glass or a different one, they implied that there was something wrong with my taste buds...-1 star
5	The Wynn hotel! I LOVE IT ALL. The Ferrari store, the buffet, the Terrace Point Cafe, Le Reve, the Casino, THE FREE PROMOTIONS THEY GIVE YOU AT THE FASHION MALL! Make sure you go to the Wynn desk at the mall so you can have chance to win $10,000 in slot credits, but most of the time you'll win a free buffet or something small like that.This is one of the nicest casino/hotel I've been to in Vegas. More elegant, and have you seen their GOLF COURSE!? It's MASSIVE! I'm impressed by the entire hotel! I'll definitely be staying here next time I come to Vegas!
1	The good...Nice rooms.  The bad...$30 charge for using the gym.$10 charge for entering the Ferrari dealership.Staff/Service hit or miss, some were not very friendly.Heated pool not heated.Buffet sucks.
5	i just got back from a 3 night stay at the Wynn during CES.  My company used the Wynn's meeting rooms for some of our work events, and we also stayed at the hotel, too.  The staff at the Wynn was very courteous, helpful and friendly.  The resort suite standard room was very nice.  The king bed was amazing and super comfortable.  My bathroom was huge, with a large tub and a stand-up shower.The hotel itself had great restaurants and shopping -- not to mention the CLUBS..  Tryst is a must do!I really enjoyed my stay here, and I will come back !!
5	I have not stayed at the Wynn yet but I did go to the salon the day after Christmas for a wash and blow dry and the place was beautiful and the staff and service was top notch and amazing.  The wonderful young lady that styled my hair was incredible.  While the cost was much more than I would pay for this service on a regular basis.  The $95 plus tip was worth every penny to me.  So much so I have already booked another appointment while I am in Vegas in a couple of weeks.
4	The property really couldn't be any better, but the service is lacking, at best.  After deciding the Palms was crap, and booking one of the Wynn's most expensive suites, we couldn't get them to send a car to rescue us from the Palms because, as the agent said "We aren't VIP enough".  Fair enough I guess, but a more service focused hotel would have sent one of the Phantoms at the VIP entrance.  We didn't need that but the offer to at least arrange for a cash car would have been nice.  I also found service issues in some of the restaurants.  SW, for example, does not carry service that comes anywhere close to matching their food.  Okada offers "Fiji" water in plastic bottles when ordering bottled water.  The service there is also substandard.  Some of the lesser restaurants just completely lack a minimal level of service.Regardless, the property is fantastic and don't think there is a better place to stay.  Steve Wynn has impeccable taste, but perhaps has a thing or two to learn about service.
4	I stayed here during CES 2009 because the room rates have fallen so much.Two things separate the Wynn from its competition: the space itself and the service. Both are truly exceptional. From the sweeping landscape to the meticulous detail to the gorgeous pool and the impressively large and well-furnished rooms, the Wynn is among the world's elite hotels. The service, from the front desk staff to the waiters, everyone is friendly and professional. In particular, the blackjack dealers (even at the $10 table!) were the most personable I've ever met (not that I gamble a lot but most seem to have that dead fish-eye look... you know the one).The noodle bar, often an afterthought in hotels, was a real standout. While most of these venues are designed to get gamblers in and out and back to the table, the thoughtful dishes of dim sum, noodles and more were well prepared and delicious.... so much that I ate there twice despite my being on an expense account.Unfortunately, there were two issues that hold the Wynn back from a five-star rating. The first issue is the sound. While I had an excellent view from my strip-facing panoramic room, I could also clearly hear both the club 22 floors below me and the continuously looping ad blaring from the Fashion Mall across the street... "I tried to do handstands for you" has been stuck in my head since I left!The second is being nickle-and-dimed to death. For a hotel as expensive as the Wynn, I was disgusted to have to pay for use of the Internet ($15/day) and the gym ($30/day!) Both were obscene. Because I was on business, I only used Internet access twice and never got to the gym, opting to walk the strip instead. I found the lack of paid amenities to be tacky in light of the rest of the hotel's opulence. One tip - there's free bottled water at the pool!!!
4	My review is based solely on the Casino, Clubs, and Restaurants, as I did not actually stay here.The Wynn is absolutely gorgeous from the moment you arrive outside in the valet area.  It's almost overwhelming.  Walking in, you are not sure which direction to start walking, because there are just so many choices of which way to go.  Registration is to your right, along with Okada and Tryst.  There's a mall straight ahead.  YAY!  Shopping!!!  And then to your left begins the vast Casino area, along with places like Blush and Stratta.The BF is a major poker player, so we came here specifically with that in mind.  We walk over to the Poker room and when we arrived, we had a minor wait.  A couple of people ahead, but nothing major.  Within the next few minutes we were being seated.  I really enjoyed this place because since I don't really know how to play poker, all I wanted to do was sit with my man and watch him win.  And they totally allowed me!  The table we sat at had an interesting and eclectic mix of people.  The dealers switch out every 30 minutes (rules are rules), and the BFand I had them ALL laughing and joking, along with the rest of the table.  Except for this one dealer...  Wade...  Try as I might, I couldn't get him to crack a smile.  As the buzz kept buzzing, I gained more confidence and really started in on Wade...  Even blowing him kisses!  HAHAHA, NOTHING.  Not a smile or a smirk.  This dude was rigid.  He totally SUCKED.  Everyone else played along and just make our entire experience so extremely worth while.  One of the other players was this wonderful lady from Germany that we ended up partying with her and her BF and friends for the rest of the night.  I love how easy it is to meet random people and have a good time!Our motto of the weekend was W1N @ the Wynn!!!!!  And THAT we DID!  Came out $600 on top!!!Overall the Wynn is a beautiful hotel with lots to offer, whether or not you actually gamble.  I haven't seen the rooms, but I would be willing to stay here in the future!!!  :)
5	the best hotel and casino in vegas!!!!high quality stuff and and best service!!
5	The desert oasis of Las Vegas has an epicenter with Wynn Resort and Casino that is unmatched in its luxury and finesse. It is a true masterpiece of luxe accommodations and comfortable surroundings. I tend to stay at very few places when I take a trip to Las Vegas and Wynn is definitely one of them. With a Ferrari/Maserati dealership, gaming, great entertainment, a fantastic suite, a Tom Fazio/Steve Wynn designed golf course, shopping and wonderful restaurants, Wynn has everything one would need. Be forewarned though, because possession of great amenities does not necessarily translate into delivering of said great amenities.Let us begin with our stay shall we? Every now and again I receive a handsome letter from Wynn inviting me to have a stay with them. I, always happy for a holiday, oblige and call a phone number indicated in the letter and set a reservation date. Upon my latest arrival, I was greeted with a genteel but lame staff who could not find my reservation. After sorting out the matter, I was escorted to my suite and was bemused by the superior accommodations.Feeling a bit famished, I decided to treat my weary nerves to a dinner at, what I consider the best restaurant in Las Vegas, SW steak house.I eat here every time I am in Vegas because of its culinary prowess. My latest visit was no less than a delightful dinner, of which I have grown accustomed. What I am not accustomed to however, is the degenerate and bumbling waitstaff that was slow, ignorant of daily specials and customer needs. I waited and waited for my drinks to come and then again to be refilled. Don't ask about the appetizers!After having my patience and loyalty tested, I decided to cure myself with some shopping.Cartier, Chanel, Rolex and Brioni are but a few of the resident luxury purveyors found within the esplanade of Wynn and I freely availed myself to them and felt much better. Another great gem found within Wynn is the Ferrari/Maserati dealership and accompanying showroom. Already having a few cars of my own, I decided to seek my next purchase.Now what I found was the most offensive part of Wynn was the simple, smallest detail that threw me for a loop and left a bad taste on my expensive palate. If you would like to see the Ferrari collection, one has to pay $12 to do so. What the hell? Does Wynn really need every cent it can get it's hands on? The one caveat is that if you are a current Ferrari owner, then you get in free... HOWEVER, you must show proof, ie. through showing a key to your Ferrari. I am on holiday! Why in the hell would I carry a key to a car I am not driving? This is an absolutely ridiculous and utterly stupid request to make of people visiting Las Vegas.Suffice to say, I was abhorred and left Wynn in a huff to the Mansion at MGM Grand. At least they don't ask me for the keys to my mansion! Wynn is still a grand place to stay though. With a great feel, less crowding than other hotels, a host of amenities close by and fabulous dining and shopping, Wynn is still on my list. Just don't try and look for another Ferrari... now to find my keys.
5	I have died and gone to heaven. I like everything about the Wynn. It's absolutely oozing with good taste. There is a bar in the middle of the casino that is stunning. The restaurants are so unique with yummy smells emanating from every crevice. The Wynn is modern and tasteful. Playful and funky. I don't see why anyone would want to leave! It's absolutely beautiful. And so is Encore.
5	The Wynn is simply the best hotel in Las Vegas. As a semi frequent traveller to LV, I've stayed at about half the hotels on the strip and the Wynn is by far the best (with Paris a distant second). I booked rooms at the Wynn for myself and my mother for her 60th birthday and it was one of the best ever. While the theme of some Vegas hotels is repoducing another city or theme, the Wynn's theme is quality and luxury. The view is the best in town and the rooms are laid out in a most attractive manner. For some reason I was very impressed with the bathroom which had a shower and a tub as well as a TV. The beds were the most comfortable I had slept in at a hotel and the automatic curtains made waking up an experience. The casino is elegant and the deli is unbelieavable. The fact that it is at the end of the Strip is really the only drawback. It's a solid 15 minute walk to get to the Bellagio which can get to be kind of a drag if you want to go someplace specific. All in all this is the only hotel I will stay at for all my future Vegas trips.
5	Fact...the Wynn is as good as all of the hype claims it to be. The casino decor includes fantastic mosaic tiles--modern and bold, but not overdone at all. Also around the casino were the restaurants other reviews told of...great looking, smelling, and tasting food! With the Wynn being so high-end, I thought I might feel out of my league there. But the customer service was personal and welcoming, professional but far from stuffy or aloof.. The accommodations were more than fantastic: my room had a panoramic view that overlooked the golf course and pool. The bathroom was done tastefully and had an awesome dual vanity/soaking tub/standalone shower. My bed was dreamily comfy, and the turn-down service left slippers for my footies! Seriously, I will make it a point to stay at the Wynn from now on. Elegant but not stuffy decor, great staff (I love you Frankie!), tasty restaurants, and super comfy accommodations. I have finally found "my place" in Vegas.
5	Top notch... From the minute I walked in to the minute at left, everything was perfect. The staff was very helpful and professional. The room was confortable, spacious and cozy. This hotel might be pricy but it is well worth it. I will most definitely stay at the Wynn again when I visit Las Vegas...
3	The Wynn Hotel is cool.   The decor is elegant and the rooms are fairly large. For my money, I'd rather go with a room at the Venetian instead of Wynn. I took advantage of a free room at the Wynn last week. The people were nice , and the casino people (guy spinning the roulette table) are  fun.loved the slippers that you get too :)
5	The first time I walked into the Wynn a few years ago I wasn't very impressed. However, last month, my boyfriend got an awesome deal and we decided to check it out. Did they change something or is there crack particle in the air?? I LOVED IT!!!!We stayed in a resort room and 'basic' has never been so luxurious. Big floor to ceiling windows provide amazing view of either the strip or the awesome golf course. The remote controlled curtains successfully blacked the light out in the morning (we are NOT morning people.. .unless you consider staying up gambling/partying till 7 am morning people.. then ok). The bed was comfy and the tv nice. I love the bathroom: his and hers sinks, separated shower and bath tub (i went to victoria's secret for some bubble bath gel and emptied half the bottle for a luxurious bubble bath!! perfect way to end the night!!). The hair dryer was good too (I hate "hotel hairdryers") lol. I liked that they provided robes and slippers.Amazing experience!! I highly recommend it!
1	I am now officially one of the "300." How does this relate to the Wynn, you ask? Well, let me tell you a little story.So, for Valentines Day this year, the favorite Yelper and I thought it would be nice to take a little weekend excursion to good old Sin City. Airfare is dirt cheap these days, and we also noticed some pretty sweet deals on Hotwire for hotels. One of the offerings was a Five Star resort right on the Strip, and we knew we couldn't pass it up.We were ecstatic that the confirmation sheet declared Wynn Las Vegas as our destination! The favorite Yelper was already making plans for our wonderful weekend, and we were counting the days until our vacation.So, about two weeks pass, when I receive an e-mail from Hotwire. "We are sorry, the Wynn has been overbooked this weekend, and you have been reassigned to the Trump International." Uhh... what? Overbooked? And it took two weeks to figure this out? After we had already made additional plans in and around the Wynn area?To say the least, we were not happy Yelpers. I'm sure the Trump is a fine resort and all, but it is not what we were promised, and in addition, it has no casino, and is a bit farther away from the Strip. I made a quick call to Hotwire, and much to their credit, they were willing to compensate one full night if we decided to stay, or even give us a full refund, something they NEVER do. Something must have been up.Speculation was abound. I even located internet forum threads documenting similar cases. As much as Wynn would like to deny it, this is certainly NOT an isolated incident. Was it that we poor Hotwire chumps were merely placeholders until some classier folks willing to pay full price stepped in to take our spot? Who is really to blame for the snafu? Wynn or Hotwire?And today, I noticed this in the news:"Wynn 'walks' 300 paid Hotwire customers"http://blogs.usatoday.com/hotelhotsheet/2009/02/wynn-walks-300.htmlSo, apparently, this whole thing involves that Wells Fargo fiasco, which is causing headlines amidst the current economic crisis. If it was them who bumped us in the first place, and now that the whole deal has been called off, I wonder what will happen to those rooms now? Put back on Hotwire?In the whole scheme of things, I'm glad we found this out about Mr. Wynn and his shady business practices. Now I know never to patronize his casinos ever again (and encourage others not to as well). Even if the management did offer us our original rooms back, all they will get is a nice view of my backside.So, I guess us 300 will march on over to the Hot Gates of the Trump International, battered, but certainly not beaten from our battle with the evil tyrant. All I have left to say is..."Mr.Wynn... YOU'RE FIRED!!!"
5	Ok, I just had to make another appointment at the Wynn's salon while I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago on my way to New York.  I made another hair appointment with the wonderful young lady JP for a wash blow dry and style. She is just awesome.  I left there with amazing movie star hair.  That young lady is a hair goddess. I am just so impressed that such a young hairstylist could be so talented.  This place is WAY pricey, but boy what a treat though.Thank God she is over 4 hours away from me.  So I can't come on a regular basis, but I can assure you that EVERYTIME I am in Vegas I will be visiting my favorite hair stylist.
5	In my opinion, one of the best Hotels to stay at in Las Vegas. Beautiful decor, and atmosphere. American Express recommended me the Wynn over the Bellagio. Definitely will be going back soon.
5	Highly recommended hotel! Stayed in a resort room with floor to ceiling windows with great views! Drapes that open and close at the push of a button... flat screen TV mounted to the wall... bathrooms you could have parties in... didn't ever want to leave the room actually!Loved the vibrant colors throughout the hotel, the modern elegance, the attention to detail which was evident everywhere. In comparison to other hotels (Bellagio, Paris, Venetian, MGM, Stratosphere are the places I've stayed), this one is the best. Now, with Encore opening up, I'm curious to see how it compares.
5	Contemporary, modern, exquisite and beautiful hotel.
3	In my attempt to define the terms "bamboozled" and "bait-and-switch", I never thought I would be using these terms to describe the ever (in)famous Wynn Hotel.  Built by the great Steve (Weinberg) Wynn himself, boasted to be the best and most luxurious hotel ever conceived in Vegas, the Wynn was a bit of a bust. I say this with a bit of great disappointment. After all, who would have ever expected this from the man who built the likes of the great Mirage, and the now forever famous mega-resort: The Bellagio? And, what is "this" I speak of? Well dears, it is being bamboozled and thrown around like minor class citizens.  Here is the story and the lowdown on what happened in this incident: Time: Two weeks before Valentine's Day/President's Day WeekendPlace: Wynn Hotel, Las Vegas, NVAs any Yelper in an economic downturn would do, I hopped online to find the best bang for my buck in Vegas. I booked via Hotwire and found a great deal for a five star resort which turned out to be the Wynn - SWEET! -- or so I thought! Two weeks before one of the busiest weekends in Vegas, we received confirmation that the Wynn had been OVERBOOKED, and we were AUTOMATICALLY transferred from the Wynn to the TRUMP HOTEL. EW. Now, you ask, what's so wrong with the TRUMP HOTEL? Well, exactly that. We had been "trumped". Not only did the Trump Hotel NOT have a CASINO (I know, reallly!?), it was OFF STRIP and far as HELL if one were to walk to the strip. We begrudgingly accepted due to the fact it was only about two weeks before the trip and we didn't want to risk not having a place to stay. One week before the trip, we received word from the Wynn inviting us back. As it were, the ONLY reason we even got "invited" back was because a huge Wells Fargo party for that weekend had gotten CANCELLED. This leads me to believe one, and only one thing, which was the Wynn had sold its open rooms to Hotwire and got them filled.  They then received word from Wells Fargo for that huge executives party, and kicked out the Hotwire-ers, and then when the party got cancelled, asked us to go back. BAIT AND SWITCH, BAMBOOZLED. I will tell you loud and clear, I went to the Wynn, but not before I made them pay with comp'ed nights and lunches, but spent my entertainment dollars elsewhere.Not only that, upon arrival, it took them 1.5 hours to check us in. ONE POINT FIVE HOURS. That is just ridiculous and stupid. In addition, the POOL was NOT OPEN, and if we wanted to use the pool we had to WALK to Encore. Steve Wynn: if you can't afford to staff your hotel, then do us all a favor and FOLD your operations while you can save yourself some face. To be fair, the views were great. The rooms were clean and spacious, and housekeeping was very nice.In general the grounds were kept well, but really not what i expected from a boasted FIVE STAR hotel. I kept thinking to myself I should have gone to the Bellagio. Overall, I think this hotel is OVERHYPED. Sure, its nice, and elegant, but it just is not all that great. The service was friendly, but I really don't like the way the hotel is run to seemingly treat normal people as space fillers. All in all, it was a good experience at the end, but what happened in the beginning will probably never let me stay at the Wynn again. Unfortunate.
5	We stayed at the VIP Suites over New Years. And boyyy was it AWESOME! We had free drinks, free deserts, and a good time! The beds were very comfortable and had an excellent view of the city. WooHoo! Wynn is as good as it gets!!!! 5 stars!!! YES!
5	Your typical five-star review for the Wynn.  Went during Valentine's Day with the girlfriend, which, coupled with a 3-day President's Day weekend, meant for incredible crowds and something I probably wouldn't do it again.  No fault of the Wynn, though.  Thinking back upon it, the check-in process did take a long time, but the twenty-dollar tip drink worked like a charm, as I received a "complimentary" upgrade to a 54th floor room with an awesome view of the strip.  The rooms are simply incredible, the largest in Las Vegas.  Mechanical moving shades, 42 inch HDTV on a swivel that has your name computerized on it, and a spectacular bathroom with separate shower and giant tub alongside a TV in the bathroom and a separate room for the toilet.The food at the buffet is incredible - best in Las Vegas (and I'm not just saying that, I've been around).  It's the priciest in Vegas as well, but I guarantee you will not be disappointed.  Pool was out of order when I visited, but I guess you can't win them all.  Casino is also nice as well - the blackjack dealer Frank was awesome and everyone at the table had a great time while he was there.
5	Really enjoyed our stay here and would totally recommend it.The property is beautiful, all the restaurants are great (visited the coffee shop, the deli, Okada, Parasol Up, and Terrace Point Cafe), and the service is impeccable.The rooms are spacious and luxurious, and the views are to die for!Of all the Vegas hotels I've had the pleasure of getting my beauty sleep at,  the Bellagio is still my favorite.  But If you have the means, you must try the Wynn.Oh, and Tryst and XS are fun fun fun!
5	My fave hotel in Vegas - nice, without being overboard.   Great service.  And without any of that yucky fake scent that you get at the Venetian.It's worth getting a Strip view room, to sit at your little table and watch the action below - or the sun reflecting off the mountains if you're awake early enough for that!
5	I am not a hard person to please. I am also not high-maintenance. I am sure for those who lives among luxury and contributed to this nation's trillion dollars debt who only think about themselves would knit pick this hotel apart starting from color, decorations to staffs. I must say my experience here this past weekend was pleasant and extremely comfortable.Starting from the friendly valet parking service, like every other 4+ star hotel. We did not have to wait in line at all to check-in. the registration clerk behind the desk was knowledgeable and friendly. the room is clean, organized with a floor to ceiling wall to wall window. Bed and pillows are heavenly. Bath tub is huge and filled up fast. the 2 sinks allowed me to get ready without waiting forever for my girlfriend to be done (although I still have to wait for her after but the true HDTV helped.)We stayed on the strip side of the hotel. I must say being on the 27th floor the view is beautiful but I think there is a club right outside by the waterfall. It gets loud at night, housekeeping brought us free ear-plugs in a timely fashion which helped tremendously.the cafe's food is fulfilling, I did not try anything else so no comment in others. I do think empty reserved Craps tables are silly. But the Craps table for the regular folks like myself with funny talkative dealers kept us playing at the same table for over 6 hours.It was a pleasant trip, and I enjoyed every bit of this hotel and their services.
5	This is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in....the hotel itself is decorated beautifully and the staff are so friendly.   As everyone said, the rooms are gorgeous with floor to ceiling windows..we had an amazing view of the strip and the mountains beyond!  Waking up to that view every morning was amazing!  In the casino, there were a few dealers that really had fun with us and made it a good time.  The pit bosses also comped us on a few meals even though we didn't gamble a lot, so if you're at the tables, just ask!   And be sure to try the champagne brunch on sat/sun...the champagne just keeps flowing all day! :)
3	I really don't see what all the hype is about this place. The outside design is nothing special and the inside is definitely nothing special. The Bellagio, Paris, and Venetian are far more eye-catching internally and externally.I yawn at the service. When I arrived at the hotel I received no help or offer for help with my bags. Just was pointed to go through the double doors which were not automatic - a pain when you have bags. I then arrived at registration and there was a huge line but only two employees at the front desk. Long wait. After check in, again no offer with help with bags - I didn't need it but I notice poor service when I experience it.The room was really nice and there is a TV in the bathroom! However the two supposed queen-size beds were actually full-size beds.At the casinos the dealers can be funny, polite or act inconvenienced. At least be funny or polite.I am glad that we got a good deal from Priceline and that is why I give it 3 stars and not 2. If not for the good deal, I'd rather stay elsewhere.
2	Gotta say that I don't understand what all the hype is about this place. We had a spacious room on the 58th floor, overlooking the pool and rooftop venting system. The room was spacious, but that was because the beds were **Gasp** DOUBLE beds? I am used to comfort and when I'm on vacation, my idea of a good night's sleep does not involve a dinky little double bed. At least put in a Queen bed! I will stick with my Vegas staple, Venetian from now on. Wynn is overpriced and overrated.
5	This is our favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  It is big and beautiful and they seem to keep it up over the years.  It may be more affordable at the Hilton, MGM, and a lot of other places on the strip, but we make this a special place for special occasions.  The interiors are elegant and understated and our room in the Resort was huge and outstanding.  We had a room up on the 38th floor which overlooked the strip including the Palazzo and Treasure Island and the mountains to the west,  and I understand that all the views here are excellent whether one is one the west or east side.The service is excellent on the floor and in the restaurants.  Our check in took too much time but probably caused by the couple ahead of us at registration who had some kind of mix up on a three-room reservation.The location is very nice and away from the main part of the Las Vegas Boulevard strip.  There is a large shopping center across the street but one needs a car or cab to get to other shopping and entertainment.  The area to the north is a no-man's land of construction and casinos on the downside.
5	Beautiful hotel and casino!  Very girly with lots of soft pink!  The casino's too pretty to play in.  Nice place to walk around and appreciate the design.  . . . One day, Britney, we shall meet up!  :-)
4	LOVE this hotel. The rooms are great... pricey, but great. Be sure to get a Red card and get yourself some comp-age. I will admit, the rooms are a little girly/pinkish to me...(I'm a *MUCH* bigger fan of Encore) but overall, it's beautiful. The hotel has a great location & a nice little row of shops inside. The buffet is absolute class as well. The casino is a little on the quiet side for me - not enough excitement... and for some reason, this is the only place I can never seem to win in craps... and the drinks just don't come fast enough.
5	I absolutely loved this hotel/casino. My room was amazing!! and it had wonderful views. I had a room on the 56th floor, it was an upgraded resort room- wonderful king size bed that I was very happy to come back to every night and i loveddd my bathroom. My sauna shower with the choice of taking a bath. I did both one night! It's nice without being cheesy like most of the other hotels. I loved the tile flooring and the drapes through out the casino, I had warhol like poppies in my room, and there were cubist tile works all over the rest of the place. I also loved how the casino part of it wasnt crowded and didnt smell like cigarettes everywhere.
5	I cant begin to describe how much I love this hotel. I was located at the top floor of the hotel so I didn't hear anything from the casino and the view of the golf course was amazing. The beds were extremely comfortable and at first I thought I would hate the color scheme but it was very soothing to the eye. The bathrooms are beautiful and the perfect place to chill after a long day on the strip. The hotel itself has so much to do. From the waterfall show at night, to club Tryst, to Le Reve, and so on. My favorite part was walking into the room and hearing the quiet music playing from the tv, which had a pretty ocean scene showing. It was really an overall relaxing experience. Remember to constantly check the tv for any unnecessary charges that may be added to your account (just in case :D).
1	I thought this is too conservative and expensive. Recommended for rich people.
5	The Wynn was the BEST  hotel I've ever stayed at! I stayed there for two nights during it's opening year. Okay, okay, I didn't pay for the room....because my friend received a complimentary room.Everything in the hotel was great! The room, service, decor, and buffet were all fantastic!(Overall grade: A)
5	This is definitely an upscale hotel to stay at.  To go up to the room, it is guarded by hotel security.  They want to make sure that a guest of the hotel is going up, which I thought was pretty cool.I love the casino.  This is the place where I usually play at.  Although I haven't won anything big, but this is a nice casino to play in. The room I stayed in was spacious.  I love their sheets, they are so comfy and soft.  Love their contemporary decor of the room, very chic.
5	no comment cause its most deff the best hotel ever. and the casino is luxurioussss. must chck it out if your in town.
5	i usually stay in the executive suites but i have been setup in the fairway apartments before.. all rooms are really nice.  service and accommodations are top notch.. what more can you ask for?it's like living like a king during the duration of your stay.. all you're missing are the gorgeous maidens with the large palm fronds fanning you and feeding you grapes while relaxing on the chaise.the Wynn is pretty luxurious.. actually very luxurious..so if you want to live in the lap of luxury.. be pampered to your hearts content.. live like one of the pharaoh's of ancient egypt or like julius caesar from the roman empire (without all the tyranny).. Wynn will probably suit your desires and make your dreams come true.. at a "small cost".
4	Its a great Hotel.  All I can say is this is the best place to go to and have a great time.  You can also check out the sister which is the Encore.I took my cousin to the Ferrari Store and he loved it.I stayed there for 2 weeks and everything was just amazing.
4	Only gets four stars but I will say it's my favourite hotel in Vegas (so far).Location is good (just like the Venetian/Palazzo) being a bit north on the strip.There are fewer shops in the "mall" than CP or some of the other hotels but I don't spend much time shopping so it didn't bother me.The lobby and gaming area is beautiful and made me like this place right off the bat.The restaurants are all very good (especially Alex).The night clubs were very impressive.  Tryst and X/S.  Checked them both out and they were beautiful inside and busy on their respective nights.The pool area was closed for the Wynn so they sent me over to the Encore pool.  I'm not sure how different they are but it looked like both have two pools, one for european bathing.  Wasn't the busiest time of year, and the only topless bathers were two women that I'm assuming were lesbians based on how they were rubbing lotion on one another.  As far as european bathing goes, the ratio of good-looking topless women to creepy, fat, fully-clothed guys was surprisingly high.  I'm glad the guys were fully clothed, but it just seemed so obvious that they were there to stare at some breasts when they aren't even in swimming shorts.  Maybe it becomes more exclusive in peak season (fingers crossed).  Also, I have nothing against lesbians.  I just mentioned it because it seemed funny that one second I'm joking about going to the topless area and the next minute I'm watching these women rubbing oil all over each other.Anyway, on to the rooms: beautiful.  We had a view of the Wynn golf course ($500/round, apparently).   The beds were extremely comfortable.  The bathroom was full of glass and marble and had a toilet in a room off the main bathroom.  A desk, flat-panel TV, some chairs...everything I could possibly have use of.  The overall room was the perfect amount of space for two people.  And I'm not sure if this is standard in all hotels now, but there is a channel on TV that allows you to see who is playing poker and what tables are going (not with a live video feed, but with a text list).  Kinda neat.As far as value, this obviously depends on what you pay.  I stayed in a regular room for $CA150/night booked through expedia.  I think that was around $120US....well worth the price.  I think I would pay up to $250US during a busier time of year and still say it had good value.Hopefully I will be back soon....
5	Love love love you Wynnie.  Love your beautiful rooms that make it feel like spring time in the dead of winter. Thank you.Love your buffet.. thank you for perfect portions. I can pile on the options and still look like a dainty lady... not a sweating pig. Love your security staff, who kindly came up to my room because I couldn't figure out the safe and locked my precious items inside. Love your pool.. although, I did feel like Mr. Wynn was staring down from the roof laughing at all us peons frolicking in his backyard. Love you Wynnie!
3	The room decor, casino decor and sportsbook rate four stars.  The customer service from the front desk, reservations and casino hosts rates two stars.Yes, this is an upscale hotel and I am all about upscale.  I love fancy things.  My issue with the general customer service at Wynn is that it's so pretentious.  I constantly felt like they would only be nice to me if I started flashing my money around, which is counter-intuitive to my general philosophy in life which is that you damn well better be nice to me if you expect to get even one little bit of my money.  There is way too much competition in Las Vegas to get my gambling dollars to be treated the way we were treated at Wynn.First off, they messed up our reservation and gave us a king bed instead of two queens, and then tried to pass it off as my mistake.  Casino marketing reservations does not send confirmations so I could not either notice it in advance or prove anything different and they would not change it for us and attempted to sound all put out about sending a rollaway since they "already have a long waiting list" for rollaways.  I didn't want a damn rollaway but I requested one just for spite.  When we checked in, we were not alerted to the bed situation and when we asked where the sportsbook was the pompous desk clerk arrogantly said, "Just follow the smoke".  OK.  So, you sorta insulted us for hanging out in smoky places and you also dissed on your own property.  Nice.Next, a sketchy incident occurred when we were still asleep the first morning and, despite our posting of a "Privacy Please" sign, someone entered our room, turned on the light, did *something* and left, all while we were still asleep.  I woke up but was so dazed and since we were pretty near the elevators, I didn't get to the hall in time to see who it was (and I was in my PJs so not about to go sprinting down the hall).The rooms are nice but a bit dark with the dark brown walls.  But, they have a big window and they're fine but certainly not the nicest in Vegas.  The bathroom is very nice.  The walls are thin and we had noisy neighbors.  The beds are comfy (but honestly less so than at a few other places in Vegas).The next major customer service fail was when I attempted to request a late checkout (on a Monday morning when they were not really that booked full from the night before) and I was denied a 30-60 minute extension.  I was told to contact a casino host to get an override.  OK, I'll check it out.  The casino host was one of the biggest assholes I've ever encountered in my lifetime.  He, of course, reviewed my account for the weekend and noted that I had a promotional rate so I wasn't going to get anything.  I hadn't asked for anything  - this was before I had even alerted him to my purpose for contacting him.  But, here's the thing.  If you send out promotional offers for good room rates, I'd be an idiot for not taking it and instead choosing to pay a much higher rate, wouldn't I?  And, if you're going to be completely rude to people who accept these offers (and screw up their reservations, too), why even send them out?  When I told him I really just wanted a later checkout time so I could just play a bit longer (i.e. give them money) before I went to the airport (without hassling with baggage check for only 30-60 minutes), he said, "What's the difference between 12 and 12:30?" ignoring my money losing potential for the added time, and I said "You're right, and I have no desire to spend my money here".  I went and spent it at Palazzo instead.With that said, I thought the bartenders, cocktail waitresses, sports bet takers, and players' club people were very nice.  I do hate that the Wynn really has no place to eat that is mid-range.  I go to Vegas to gamble and, while I do enjoy fine dining, I'm just not always up for it when I'm there.  At Wynn, they have upscale dining and then they have cafeteria-style dining.  Stratta is sort of middle of the road but it's definitely not casual.  We found ourselves constantly venturing out for other food, particularly at breakfast since the casual breakfast at the Wynn does not seem to exist.All in all, I would probably not choose to stay here again.  There are other upscale options in Las Vegas that are just as nice, where the customer service is better and they don't act like they are doing you a favor by letting you give them your money.
3	The rooms here are amazing. The amenities in the room and in the bathroom showed that the Wynn should be near the top as far as 5 star hotels on the strip. We stayed on the 24th floor and the view of the golf course was nice and relaxing compared to the busyness of the Strip. My main issue, which is huge, is that the noise from the club was too loud. I could not fall asleep for the life of me, even though I was really tired. I eventually fell asleep, but I kept waking up. I know I should bring ear plugs and not complain, but I expected a little more from a 5 star hotel. If we had a Strip view room, I'm sure this would not be an issue.
5	I was lucky enough to stay here 2 times, and never once pay full price.  The first time my friend's parents (frequent Vegas visitors/gamblers) used their points and got us a room for about half price, and this last weekend my friend was staying for a conference for work- and they picked up the tab.  If I could afford to stay here at full price though, I would; it's totally worth it.The rooms are absolutely beautiful, with coral colored walls, quirky floral artwork, and sleek flat screen tv's.  One whole wall in both rooms I stayed in was just a big window looking out onto the sparkling pool, which lent a bright and airy feel. The bed is so comfortable it's hard to get out of it.  Probably my favorite part though is the bathroom...there is a glass standup shower with a deep white tub next to it; 2 mirrors with their own sinks, vanities, and chairs so you can get ready in comfort;  a small flat screen tv built into the wall so you can catch your favorite shows while you're getting ready; and a separate room for the toilet, complete with a phone.  It's the kind of bathroom every girl dreams of having in her house one day.My other favorite part of the Wynn is the pool.  They have two of them; the main pool, and then the "European" pool.  What makes it European?  You have to be 21 to enter, it's acceptable to go topless, and the best part- NO KIDS allowed!  A dj spins a mixture of dance, hip hop, and pop, but it's not obnoxiously loud.  They also have a little stand where you can buy sandwiches, burgers, etc.  Because it is such a swanky hotel, most of the people staying there are classy and well-dressed, (not stumbling around drunk with big plastic cups), which just adds to the high-end experience.  It's also the only hotel/casino in Vegas I can think of that isn't absolutely freezing inside.I still like the Bellagio just a teensy bit better, but the Wynn is right up there.
5	Holla at your boy...any bathroom that has a tv in it, has me at hello. My boyfriend and I planned a quick weekend trip to Vegas a few weeks back and got an incredible package deal with airfare and hotel [w dining credit]. Anywho, we expected to get some cr@ppy room, next to an elevator, with a view of nothing. We got a GREAT room with a view of the strip, first class treatment, etc. The room service food...well, it was okay, but  very pricey, but when it's 3am, you get hungry and desperate. We paid 2-star prices, but got 5-star service. We will absolutely try and stay here again...if the price is right.
2	I wouldn't consider this hotel a 5-star hotel.  The room is an average sized, and does not come with bath robes.  It's a 4.5 star at best, but certainly not a 5 star hotel by my standards.
4	First of all, I think the Wynn is BEAUTIFUL. It's classy, elegant and it's decorated in a way that makes it pretty but not overly done.Casino: 4.5Rooms: 3First I'll do the casino area. Like I said, it's beautiful and classy and personally, I just like the dealers here better. Maybe I just got lucky but most of the dealers I had were very friendly and helpful. Usually I never gamble but my brother got me into it and I learned how to play craps and now I'm addicted! Anyway, I know this really isn't according to casinos but I liked that the dealers would help me out, explain craps to me, give me pointers, etc. Note** If you ever play craps, it's definitely more fun to play at an energetic table. Serious players = no fun = really sad and boring game.Now the review for the rooms. The rooms are nice but they aren't anything spectacular to me. There was a TV in the bathroom which was pretty sweet and two sinks (GREAT for big groups of girls since we like to hoard the bathroom mirrors) But honestly, I prefer suite rooms, especially if you're going to go with a big group. Since I came with family this time, it wasn't so bad but honestly, I'd rather stay somewhere cheaper and just walk over to the Wynn for the casino area
5	What a great hotel!! We stayed this past weekend with a bunch of friends in the Wynn Tower Suites and everything was perfect. I had never been to Vegas before so I wasn't sure what awaited me but this is as good as it gets. The suite was the most awesome suite one can imagine, with a beautiful interior, lots of wonderful details and a view of the Trump Tower, Treasure Island and the Mirage. At night, you get a full view of Las Vegas with the lights on, which is wonderful. It also had a rain shower, a private jacuzzi, a second bathroom and a very cozy bed. Also important: iHome to play music and charge my iPhone.We ordered breakfast on the room both mornings and it arrived within 30 minutes and was both times delicious. The suite had its own dining area, so it was very convenient.The service all over the hotel and especially the croupiers were all great.  They were genuinely friendly, all seemed to enjoy their job and were great fun, they knew when to be courteous, they knew when to be humorous.The interior design with all the details in this place is incredible. I lost all my money but who cares if it's in a place like this.Michael Jackson stayed here last weekend too (fun fact), not that we saw him...We had a great time here with our friends and I would love to come back.
4	The Wynn is beautiful and luxurious and while it is set back a bit from the strip it allows for a nice ambiance when strolling through the casino. Some of you may say it is pretentious but I hate walking around with the riff-raff while staying in a Vegas hotel...like some of the folks at Circus Circus.... There were no tall plastic glasses shaped like the Eiffel Tower filled with alcohol to be found in this casino...if you want an elegant experience while staying in Vegas be sure to stay at the Wynn.Oh and PS the $50 between the credit card trick does not work...all the suckers that suggested it were full of themselves...we did score a nice room on the 50th floor overlooking the strip without the drama of pulling out the $$$...The rooms are simple yet chic...and the tv in the bathroom had me at hello...the one downer was the fact that my friend ordered an Americano in the Parasol Down Bar and we were charged $12 for a demi cup full of expresso...which was $4 on their menu we were like...really $12 dollars there must be some mistake...but our server stated that it was a specialty drink which is why it was $12 I mean come on the rest of us were drinking alcoholic beverages and it was the same price...that was a little shitty. Other than that one less than stellar experience the Wynn lived up to the hype...get your coffee drinking at Starbucks across the street...so that you can afford to stay here the next time you come to vegas!!
1	From the outside Wynn and Encore look beautiful. People are pleasant when you check in and then you are screwed. Our first room was beautiful with 2 panoramic windows with a clogged sink which was not looked at for over 5 hours. I would recommend asking for this room, it on the high floors facing and closest to TRUMPFront Desk and Housekeeping wanted to conduct an interview to determine if they should move us or keep us in the same room.  After much complaining we are finally moved to another room which lacks hot water for shower which in turn is fixed after over an hour by housekeeping.. i mean for fooks sake, even a damn motel has running hot water..Complain to hotel manager about cold water and he wants to run an investigation to determine our claim, this mind you that we informed him that the plumber did measure the temperature of water to confirm that it was cold. Only thing he can do is give us a $40.00 comp
1	Wynn is very big and beautiful.  Go there and look at everything, but don't gamble there.  They are vicious.  Go play blackjack or craps at any other place, but not at Wynn.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!F*ck this place!!!So after signing up for a players card a while back they sent me a free stay in the mail- any weekday up to 3 nights. So i decided to take them up on thier offer and see if it was really worth the $400 night room rate during spring break with 3 girlfriendsWhat a HUGE dissapointment!!!!!!!!!!!!!So first off i call 2 weeks in advance and book my room through thier hotel reservations dept. When i asked if i would need anything upon check in the lady on the phone tells me- only an i.d. miss. okay awsome. I requested a smoking room and told her we would be checking in very late- and she confirmed this back to me over the phone.So we get there about 1am monday night/tues morning and are asked for a deposit. No problem - i used to work as a hotel manager for 2 years and i know this is standard policy- BUT they want $150 a night on a card [ that will be heald/ frozen in your account until after check out ] $300 a night in cash for our 3 night stay- EXCUSE ME??! WTF?? WHY DIDNT YOU TELL ME THIS OVER THE PHONE?!?!?!i dont like to bring my high limit c.c's with me on vacay cuz if it gets stolen i'd rather someone spend $200 bux then $2000. I explain to the guy at the front desk the situation and tell him i don't have enough on my card for all three nights. Lemme get my mngr he tells me...10min later Mngr comes out."no one in your group has enough on a card?" he rudly asked me- no we don't so now what? i reply. OH WELL he tells me- oh well? i drove her from LA and you tell me oh well?!?! i thought the whole point of free stays was to convince you to come back and pay for rooms.......hmmmmmmm.....so after I come up with a plan-me not the front desk or the mngr ME MYSELF come up with a plan- i will put tonights on my card and then have my bf fax over a copy of my other credit card (that i left at home) that they can use for the other 2 nights-okay so now finally the agree to let us stay. I ask them is there anythign you need besides a copy of the frotn and back of the credit card? No they reply- that will suffice perfectly.OKAY FINE. no biggie.then he checks our reservation and says for our trouble they will upgrade us to a tower suite. HELL YEA- now were excited!So we get up to our room on the 52nd floor and are taken aback by the absolutly BEAUTIFUL VIEW. One whole wall was a HUGE window- we were overklooking the golf course and had a great view of the whole city and the mountains and overlooked the pools. We have some drinks, and head out on the town for a bit. We get back around 5am.THE VERY NEXT MORNING- i wake up early on purpose to chk if my credit card has been faxed yet [ my boyfriend was going to be working in court all day so it was now or never to fax the copies] i explained this to the front desk. When i call down they say theyve recieved it but only recieved a copy of the card. DUH i think - thats what ya'll wanted. THEN they tell me i need to have him fill out and fax back an authorization form. WHAT!?!?! I AM THE ONE STAYING HERE_ THE CARD HE FAXED OVER HAS MY F**KING NAME ON IT!!!!- do you not have  my name on file? i can come down and sign for it anytime it's my card not his whose authorization do you need?!?! lemme chk with my mngr they say.mngr gets on the phone- sorry miss we have all we need you are the holder of the credit card correct? yes i tell her it is my card. okay come down AT YOUR convienence all you need to do is sign- she also said she would fax it to the "tower suites" front desk so i wouldnt have to walk thru the casino. Awsome thank you.we get ready for the pool and head down stairs- i get to tower suites front desk. Hi im in room 52__ im here to sign. "all weve recieved was a copy of your credit card" yea i know thats all you guys need......no we need an authorization form. ARE YOU STUPID??!? its MY CARD i am HERE to AUTHORIZE it. Uggggggggghhhhhhhhh.lemme chk with my mnger. -OMG!!!!!mngr comes out- we can accept just the copy for you but the copy we recieved is black and illegable. we need your bf to re-fax.EXCUSE ME?!?!??I CALLED DOWN EARLIER TO MAKE SURE you people got excatly what you needed because i knew he would be unavailable the rest of the freaking day!!!!!! and now your telling me you cant accept it?!?! are you people kidding me??!? now what?? i ask.well im sorry we need an authorization theres nothing we can do.........NOTHING YOU CAN DO?!?!What freaking morons. I would think for such an expensive hotel they would be more professional and have a btter educated staff. SOOO ridiculous- same reply- nothing we can do.i tell them to call the front desk and have THEM refax it considering i SPOKE WITH THEM THIS MORNING nd they said everything WAS FINE maybe its just the tower suite printer. They refax- still blk. Then they email it. Still illegible. t this point im pissed off. I did EVRYTHIGN RIGHT.We spent a good hour arguing with them - needs to be continued.........
5	Everyone knows this is a nice hotel, its 5 stars all the way. So I'll try to review some lesser known things....Some have already said that the walls are really thin. They ARE. We could hear our lovely neighbors getting in on at 2am...5am...7am...ya it wasn't very pleasant. We got to know them real well during our 3 day stay, (you could hear EVERYTHING)  so we're actually on a first name basis now. (Hi Jimmy!) So bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper. *Thank god I did*  Club music is also pretty loud...we were on the 56th floor facing the strip and could still hear the bumpin! So ask for a room facing the golf course if you want it to be quiet. I'm sure they would be happy to oblige..We found the service to be exceptional at our stay. (Dunno what Hott Pink is talking about)Also, we tried the $20 trick...which is when you sandwich a $20 between your driver's license and credit card and ask for a complimentary upgrade. It worked! The lady hooked us up with a panoramic view room on the highest non smoking floor...and we had paid for a resort room through Hotwire (for only $120 a night!) Shows that they don't discriminate. I guess one thing to be grateful about the down economy is that it has made the Wynn much more affordable...thank you Wynn for an amazing time!!!
4	Wow, this is the 406th review for Wynn.  Am I that far behind when it comes to discovering new places?  Haha.  This place is definitely a fabulous 5-star hotel, but if you want to stay here and not break the bank, then I suggest going online and bidding for your price.  Even for a AAA Five-Diamond award winner, Mobil Five-Star and Michelin Five-Star hotel, I don't think their "basic" rooms are worth the average $250/night.  Why break the bank for a room that you barely spend time in and then have nothing to spend the rest of the weekend?  The "basic" room at the Wynn is pretty nice, (but not worth $250/night).  There are coral colored walls with huge flower prints framed in the rooms.  They provide little slippers to wear and lush, Egyptian cotton robes for you in the closet.  The bathroom has a spa/tub, shower with sitting area, vanity table and chair and a heated lighted makeup mirror.  There's a hair dryer provided, Q-tips, makeup cotton pads, lotion and shampoo/conditioner.  The soaps are pretty nice, as they're lemongrass scented.  Heyyyy...I think the bath water is chlorinated because no water turns that pretty shade of light blue in the tub.  And you smell kind of chlorine-like and dry when you emerge from the tub.  Hmm.The bed is not too soft but not too firm.  All of the pillows are down/or down-like.  The 40-45 inch flat screen TV is mounted on the wall, but can rotate a full 90 degrees so you can watch TV in bed.  There's a small seating area with a velour yellow love seat in the room, and another desk with a fax, phone and ?wi-fi set up.  It's definitely a spacious room.  All the rooms at Wynn have floor to ceiling windows and this is a definite plus!  Make sure to ask for a non-smoking room, and a room higher than Floor 20 for a good view.  I would ask for a golf-course view, since the views facing the Strip/Fashion Show mall seem more noisy with the huge Ipod commercials blaring through your windows.  And the rest of the hotel............it's such a beautiful place.  Lots of bright red carpets with butterflies on the ground.  Tons of mosaics on the walls and all the restaurants have thick, textured drapery.  You can tell Wynn has gone one step beyond his Bellagio creation to create a classy establishment.  The shopping area is of course, high end, but the sales associates don't give you any attitude even if you're just in there browsing.  Overall, 4 stars for the Wynn!
1	so continuing on from previous post.....Anyways after arguing with them i have a friend fax over a copy of a non- see through card and FILL OUT a freaking AUTHORIZATION form since it was her name not mine. So whatever a hassle but its over...now onto enjoying the WYNN.......we put our" maid service please" sign up in the morning and when we return at 9pm......still messy. we call down and they apologize- we tell them to just forget it and bring towels. the next day we go to get our car from valet (which has been sitting there for 2 nights now) get in drive out of the driveway onto the street- when it feels like ive all of a sudden lost control. I pull over at a gas station as soon as there is one available and notice a HUGE SCREW in my tire. WTF?!??!?! after allllll this and now a screw in my tire???i call the hotel immediatly to let them know what happened. They want me to drive back and make a claim - they want ME to PAY for it and then they would "possibly" reimburse me after they investigated. No freaking way! if i had done that to my tire it would have been totally or at least partially flat 2 1/2 days later. I asked for a manager.....he told me the same story. I explained to him this whooooole situation over the whole course of our stay and he tells me well you can get it fixed and we will figure it all out when you get here. UM excuse me??!? how unprofessional is that?!?!?we happen to be at a gas station thats also a shop so they fix it no pob for $20. I go back storm up to the front desk ask for the person i spoke with on the phone and hand them my reciept.okay miss we will give you $20 credit as a courtesy to your room. NO! i tell them you will effing not you will give me $20 cash right now 3 managers later i tell them look- im not tying to swindle you there is the reciept its $20 not $1000 wtf is the problem? they finally just give me the $20 to shut me up.we had put the "do not service" sign up this time and when we get to our room........its clean.  and let me just mention that when they went for another mngr i took a peek at the screen that "upgrade" we got for our troubles- yea it clearly stated upgrade due to overbooking.niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice. oh and did i mention that after booking a smoking room over the phone and confirming it at check in our "upgrade" was a non-smoking floor.oh and btw everytime i was up there complaining - so was someone else. It seems like i am not the only person in the world who has had so many problems with this place!IDIOTS!i would except the best staff at a place this highly reccomended and this expensive but no. i told them straight out i felt like they were not helping me at all because 1- it was a comped stayand2- because i am 23 and not some 50yr old buisness mani will NEVER EVER recommend this place to anyone anytime.
4	A wonderful buffet!!!
5	I've stayed at majority of the top hotels in Vegas and Wynn continues to be my favorite hotel of all. No matter how many times I stay here, I never get sick of it! Not much to say that hasn't been said in the other 400 reviews: Great rooms - Can't find more comfort anywhere else in Vegas & includes the most wonderful assortment of pillows. They were so great I bought 2 home with me 4 years ago when it first opened.  Gorgeous hotel, great service, awesome pool, best buffet... great everything. I've stayed in their suites as well but never feel like I'm missing out in a regular room. They're just as nice, especially since the bathroom is huge as it is. The only thing I can think of that isn't so great about Wynn are the $3 chips in the poker room, which is irrelevant to most Yelpers because it neither matters nor makes any sense if you don't play poker. If you want to spend a little more and spoil yourself, stay at Wynn. If not, try Bally's. It may not look so appealing from the outside but they renovated not that long ago and their rooms are great and much more economical. I prefer their rooms over alot of other places, esp if price is a concern to you. Plus - you can't beat the location. It's in the middle of all the action. :)
4	We had a great stay here! All of the employees were extremely friendly and seemed to go out of their way to make sure you have an enjoyable stay. I spent days wandering throughout Wynn and the adjoining Encore enjoying the design, artwork and decor. Both are beautifully done hotels. An interesting tid bit we learned during our stay:Every flower in the hotel is real - no artificial flowers are used with the exception of the large floral balls hanging from the trees in the main lobby.  When the hotel first opened these were made of real flowers, but they weighed approx 400 pounds each; they were considered a hazard.  Too, they dripped nectar and pollen.   There were a few minor reasons I didn't give the hotel 5 stars: -The thermostat/airconditioning in the room doesn't seem to keep the room all that cold - even set on the lowest level. -The walls are thin (as everyone else has previously mentioned). -The pool closes at 7PM, which I think is a little early. I agree it shouldn't be open super late, but 7PM?!? -Too, the elevators getting to and from the rooms and pool are slightly annoying. You have to switch elevators and walk through the edge of the casino in order to get to the pool elevator - poor design. (Or you can ride and stop every other minute and weave your way through the Spa/Gym level. There again just annoying. -In order to use the gym you either A) have to have a spa appointment or B) have to pay a daily fee. I feel that when you stay at a resort of this caliber you should have access to every amenity that you'd receive at a standard hotel. Luckily, we weren't there to work out, or do late night swims, and we weren't in the room all that much, so the noise and the room temps didn't bother too much by the time of our late night arrivals.
4	Haven't stay here yet, but was blown away by the detail and luxury. Delicious breakfast at the cafe overlooking the pool. Played in the poker room at the $1/3 table. Almost tripled up on my 3rd hand and it was my 1st time playing at a casino.
5	My Boyfriend an I were able to score a beautiful panoramic room on the 30th floor. oncw we walked in I lost my breathe the curtains were pulled back and we had a beautiful  view of the Neveda skyline.Very Chic and Sexy..... find it at the Wynn !I chose to stay at the Wynn because the photos online and the amenities included with your stay (Vip in to sum of the Hottest Clubs on the property). I am an extremely picky traveler who expects alot depending upon my purpose of travel. From the very beginning the hotel did not miss a beat. The customer service was absolutely outstanding.  We arrive at the hotel and headed straight to check in.  Extremely contemporary and very sexy. This was the first time Ive seen a shower with see through walls so others in the room could see you take your shower. There is an ipod hookup in the main room on  which you canplay ur ipod and even charge it (I used it to charge my Iphone). And the music can be heard throughout the room, very sexy. This is not mention in advertisment.  Overall the room was spotless (that means no dust and no scuff marks on the floor or walls and of course general cleanliness beds and baths)!!! The fridge come fully stocked with  beverages .Not once did We have a problem. The housekeeping crew would call us by our lst night when we called down for room service or just simply needed more towels.I could go on.... But I can not do my experience justice....If your going to do vegas and do it big I recommend this Hotel Steven Wynn knows what he is doing and it shows.
4	I'm going to make this short and sweet!  I've stayed at some nice hotels before and Wynn is right up there with the rest!  The rooms are really nice and spacious!  The beds are awesome!  Very comfortable!  Big bathrooms!  Some words of advice though.1) DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING in the mini-bar or snack bar inside the room unless you want to be mistakingly charged for those items you touch.  They have these sensors built into the fridge mini bar and also the snack bar where if you lift any item for longer than 1 minute they will automatically charge you!  When I say do not TOUCH, I mean do not TOUCH!  Those sensors work!  We had to call the front desk to tell them that we did not use any of the items in the bar.2) If you find a used condom in your room like my friends did in their room, be sure to get your room comped for at least one night!  Yes, I said a USED CONDOM!!  YUCK!  BARF!  They have a nice pool area too but kind of a challenge finding a spot to sit and relax because it can get very busy and packed there on a nice hot day.  I would definitely stay there again!
5	Comped, 3 nights.Day = pool with pineapple mojito... heaven (but watch out they are $15 a pop)Night= anything.
5	Seriously.  I am unbelievably lucky, b/c my friend was able to score us free rooms for two nights (though we paid for taxes) through American Express -- and we qualified for a free upgrade.  Soft beds.Huge room.Everything was beautiful (I took photos of the wall to capture the textured coppery goodness :D, the fun yellow print of the armchair, the gorgeous bathroom --I'm a nut!).The tv in the bathroom was tiny, and not well positioned for watching from the tub (hey, I have to find a negative somewhere!).  But man, that tub filled up crazy fast and was *so* fabulous for that reason :DGorgeous panoramic view (and it was, though overlooking Encore + other properties + then the beautiful mountains).We stayed Wed through Fri, so  there were plenty of spots at the pool on Wednesday afternoon from 5p til 7p (pool closed at 7), and just starting to super fill up after we got there Fri morning about 11a.  The lap pool between the two round end pools was a serious work out for me :D, and not too many people clogging it up!  We just peeked around the corner at the European pool -- people were actually using it (and a businessman confessed to us in the elevator that his meetings were held in rooms overlooking that pool -- lucky him we said!), but no one was gawking or creepy (er, other than us, I guess :D)  Friendly pool-side service; we grabbed breakfast to go from the nearby cafe (Terrace Point or something) and that was easy.  Other than that, I liked how the chaises were arranged (not too cluttered), the gardens leading to the pool are beautiful (lots and lots of rose bushes and sculpted hedges leading you down to the pool), and there's nothing Vegas-cheesy at all in these pools.  Just straight up relaxation and chill.Gambling isn't cheap poolside, but $15 tables seem pretty standard. Downstairs in the casino, everything's beautiful, and we loved the nickel 50-play video poker :D I sunk a bit into the video blackjack, but my friends scored pretty well :)Because we were doing so well on budget, we noshed at the restaurants located in the Wynn -- reviews elsewhere, but overall, awesome food, too :)  Overall, it was *fabulous*.  I'm pretty darn cheap so I don't think I'll be re-creating this experience, but gosh darn, I'm glad I'm lucky :D
5	The effin Wynn. Really? Need I say more? Most high-class place I've ever stayed. I was only lucky to stay here cuz' my buddy got a free weekend's stay. God this place is bee-yoo-tiful! Thank you Steve Wynn for making this hotel. Definitely looking forward to maybe, MAYBE, one day staying at Encore. Can we say BOURGIE???And Tryst was pretty sweet too. But that's for another review!
2	Meh. I 've experienced better, as yelp would say. Totally unimpressive. I was very excited to stay here. Rooms were small and it is at the end of the strip. I way prefer the Venetian, way bigger rooms, normally same price, and more in the middle of the strip! Wont stay here again.
1	I used to travel for business a ton and Wynn falls at the bottom of the pack when it comes to 4 and 5 star hotels.  The Wynn seems to think by name alone they can garner business and there is no need for excellent service to match their star rating.  Terribly rude front desk service, not willing at all to apologize for a room reservation that was cancelled by no fault of our own.  If you book the Wynn through a 3rd party such as Expedia (who doesn't these days) then get ready to be treated like 2nd class steerage if there are any issues whatsoever.  The rooms aren't so great either.  They may be slightly larger, but the amenities and the furniture are far from 5-star.  I stayed at the Palazzo the week prior for business and highly recommend it and the Bellagio over the Wynn.  I will not stay here again.
1	This place is so overrated. The service is awful -- they were so rude to my girlfriend that she was crying by the time my flight landed. The decor, food, etc. are nothing special either. Our room was large. That's the only good thing I can saw about the place. I'd never stay here again.
5	First time staying at the Wynn and had a great time. We ended up with a panoramic view room overlooking the golf course and were thrilled with the view. The room was a bit smaller than some of the other rooms we stayed in LV, but the furnishings were new and everything was quite clean. The bed was awesome, super soft with soft sheets and an even better pillow.The pool area huge with tons of chairs; but you will need to get there early if you want a good spot. The "european" pool was a cool idea; but my dream of the second coming of the Playboy mansion grotto ended pretty quickly as the pool was full of 22 year old douchebags and roving packs of chain smoking brits.One of the guests next to me at the pool asked the waitress for water and was told that they stopped giving people ice water but there was a tub of water over by the pool gift shop (which meant a tub of $6 bottled water). This isn't a crack on Wynn; but a reflection of Vegas and the direction the town is going. The strip is really starting to get a nickle and dime feeling to it. Everything that can be monetized has. You want ice in your drink? extra 2.50...that bottle of bud is only 9.50....you actually want to sit down in a club after paying $30 to get in? that will be $300 plus a "thank you" to the host if you thought at any point you had a good time.Sorry for the rant!!
5	This has got to be by far the nicest hotel I've stayed in during my stints in Vegas. It is kind of amazing inside.We get there late and find that they have given up our room. Ok so we're off to a poor start, the front desk tries to ask us to pay for an upgrade to another room, but hello this is not our fault, so with that reasoning we get bumped up. We walk in and it is an astonishing view. Our room on the 50th floor faces the golf course and the beautiful waterfall behind it. The room is stunning with floor to ceiling windows and decorative mirrors. The shades are drawn by buttons in the middle console next to the beds. Not only are there 2 queen beds, there are two sinks and a vanity. There's a LCD in the bathroom, plasma in the main room and the alarm clock is an iHome iPod player that can charge our iPhones with. The room is amazing.Downstairs there are several late dining facilities and stores that open till midnight and serve drinks like mimosas and sparkling wine while you peruse the products. I get giddy just thinking about how nice it was. The staff and promoters here were also very helpful. Being guests there we had instant access to the club, which opens up onto their outdoor waterfall. While the music was subpar which I find with many Vegas clubs the view was fabulous and the drinks were good.I had an amazing time staying here. It doesn't matter that it's at the end of the strip, it's just one of the nicest places to stay and besides we took cabs everywhere we went so who cares about walking around?
5	ClassySexySleekelegantpillows were big and fluffysilky smoothextravagantOh yeah..............and the hotel was also fantastic.
4	Have stayed here 5 times or so. I will say that the quality has gone down a bit/not been maintained. The rooms are amply sized, with a wonderful bathroom-large soaking tub, large shower, dual sinks, marble floor, vanity seat, etc.The room itself has quite a bit of space: king bed, flat screen tv, floor to ceiling window (the whole wall-two walls if you can get a corner room).  Service is strong, but in its earlier days I had better service there.The casino itself is relatively smoke-free, small for Vegas, serving good drinks from the cocktailers (with Ketel as their well vodka, i'm happy). Restaurants overall are nice (individual reviews are up or are coming), and overall customer service is nice.  Pool area is great. I love the European (topless) pool area-no kids plus a DJ=heavenly. Chairs are comfy and drink service isnt dreadfully slow.Another place hasnt lured me away yet...
5	Okay it doesn't get any better than this of course it helps when you stay in the tower suites..... I love everything about this hotel. Very upscale. Ate at most of the restaurants there. Nothing was bad. Went to the night club and had a great time. Very busy. Lucky to have had a reserved table with our own security guard but I would imagine you need to go early unless you want to stand all night not to mean I don't mind standing unless I'm dancing that it.Very clean casino's. I got to see the golf course which was beautiful with all the rosemary growing wild. I just putted on the greens but the course was great.  Have stayed there a couple times. Love it. Spoiled now.  I have stayed at 5 or six other hotels on the strip..i.e. MGM, Mirage, Planet Holleywood, New York New York and this is the best one hands down.
5	Overall this had to be my best hotel experience ever, not counting my experiences outside of Vegas, country , state.. the Wynn has them all beat. I am judging not just by the room, but also by all the amenities that are available within the hotel such as the clubs/restaurants/decor/great view... This was my very first stay at the Wynn and it definitely won't be the last. When I was checking in, I was asked if this was my first time because they print out a "Red Card" for your room key. The Red Card not only gets you into the room, but also serves as your players card whenever you are playing at the Casino. It can be used again when you check into another room in the future and even has your name on it. The room was exactly how it looked in the pictures. I booked a resort room which featured the king sized bed, two tvs, one in the room, and one in the bathroom which came pretty handy. 3 telephones, and my favorite one had to be the one next to the toilet. Too bad it is only meant for incoming calls. Also a clear stand up shower, and a huge bath tub.  I had the view of Tryst below and the strip which faced Treasure Island. The air conditioning system was superb. It literally took 2-3 minutes to get your room the desired temperature. Other things i noticed was the lighting in the room was perfectly place to bring the most out of the decor. There are several abstract paintings of flowers in the room which made the place look classy.Room service did a great job of cleaning, and it seemed like I had a brand new room the second night I stayed here. There was only one small gripe I had was with my TV remote running out of batteries. There was no possible way to turn my TV off on the set itself. If you did, its possessed with demons that would automatically turn it back on. I made a call to front desk at 3 am after I came back clubbing. When I woke up  at 10, the TV was still on. I guess it didn't matter in the end since I was too intoxicated to notice that it was on the whole time. Another small gripe I had was the guest list at Tryst and XS were unavailable because of the holiday weekend. I feel that paying hotel guests should at least get some sort of priority if they would like to attend a club within the hotel. Come on Steve, don't you want us to spend more money at your resort? What made this place perfect for the summer were the pools. I got a chance to enjoy the Wynn pools that were privately accessible using the resort elevators. The pool area was huge and just slightly smaller then MGM's, but the adult pool is the best part. Adult meaning no kids allowed since there is gambling and topless tanning.  I had a nice and relaxing time of doing absolutely nothing which made my vacation feel more like a vacation.  I loved the Wynn, and I will be back using my personal "Red" card.
3	I was excited to visit the Wynn because at the time, it was the newest hotel and everyone was making such a big fuss about it.  Sure, it was nicely decorated and the colors were beautiful but the ceilings were low and felt claustrophobic.  It was modern but somehow due to low ceilings, had an old fashioned feel to it.  Besides that, the place was unlively.  There were few people there and most of them were pretty quiet and just observing the decor.  Also, There were no doormen opening the door to the hotel to greet guests and visitors.  The place was just not welcoming!  We just went to walk around the hotel and visited a few shops before heading back to the Venetian which was a lot more welcoming.  Although I never stayed at the Wynn, I do not think I will.  The environment of the hotel just seems so depressing.
4	I've always wanted to stay at this hotel since it opened in 2005.  The hotel just yells "classy" to me! So when travelzoo emailed me about a promotion for the Wynn Hotel for $159/night incl. weekends (with a $50 resort credit)...I jumped on it!Upon check in, we were offered a $25/night upgrade for a strip view in the last 10 floors.  We took it and was given a room on the 53rd floor.  We had an amazing view of the strip! I loved everything bout the hotel and would not hesitate to come back. The only TWO problems I had with this hotel was, although we were all the way up on the 53rd floor...we could still hear the music from the club's patio downstairs.  And to top it off, there's no separate line at the clubs for hotel guests!  Tao had a rope specifically for guests staying at the Venetian...but nope, not at the Wynn.
3	This hotel, from the exterior, is absolutely beautiful. It has modern, sleek lines, and gives the illusion of grandeur. The casino and shops are nice as well - but the rooms... oh the rooms. The rooms desperately needed an interior redesign. What was Steve Wynn thinking with those color schemes, those god awful couches, and that WALL paper.The restaurants at the hotel were OK. I know that the Wynn prides itself on having restaurants led by some of the world's most renown chefs, but I also think Vegas has overly-capitalized on the "celebrity" chef. Not only are we already paying inflated prices for food in Vegas, there's also an additional, exponential surcharge on a meal based on the celebrity factor. And on top of that, more often than not, the food is mediocre, and we're expected to think it's the must amazing meal we've ever had in our lives. Anyway, the Wynn was nice, but I definitely was not blown away - not by the rooms, not by the food, not by the clientele, and definitely not by the service. 5 star hotel. Overrated.
4	The Wynn is a nice property, a little too far down The Strip to be considered a prime location.  Having said that, it will change in time.  If Echelon Place (a Boyd Gaming project) and some of the other projects that were once slated for development come to fruition, Wynn will become prime.  There is still activity down there, but it's slow at this time.  I don't know when Fountainbleu is due to open, but that will certainly help.  Wynn is between the Palazzo/Venetian and The Encore, which is Wynn's newest property.I only give 4 stars because as much as I like Steve Wynn and what he has done for Las Vegas, I don't really try stay here that often.  There is nothing really "wrong" with the property, I just prefer his older masterpiece down the street.  In any other city, this is a 5-star place.  In Vegas, there are so many options it is hard to stay loyal for long.  However, if you are a whale of a gambler, get ready because Steve knows how to treat his high-end clientele.As far as the property is concerned, there is a lot to see and do.  Le Reve is a fantastic show that I have seen twice.  I have not seen the other shows and don't even know what they currently are showing.  I know Spamalot was there, but moved on.Shopping at The Wynn is nice.  Think high-end boutiques as there really isn't anything else.  I always enjoy a walk through the Ferrari dealership.  There is an admission fee, but it is waived if you own a Ferrari.  Who says there aren't great deals in Vegas?If you need "regular shopping" the Fashion Show Mall is directly across the street, which is very convenient.  They have everything.  Nordstrom's, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, and several hundred other stores, topped off with a food court.Wynn has ambiance.  Encore, next door, has even more ambiance.  They are both fantastic places to gamble, hang out and people watch, or dine.  You don't have to stay at The Wynn to enjoy the best of what it has to offer which is probably why I don't stay here often.The first time I stayed here was opening night.  It was a nice stay, but they weren't ready.  The television remote wasn't in the room yet, things weren't properly programmed on the phone, etc.  That was all fixed within a few weeks when I returned.The basic rooms are a decent size, and have all of the high-end features you would expect from a new property that cost billions (literally) to create.  Flat-screen televisions, luxurious bed linens, a nice lounge area, and a lovely bathroom with water closet.  Very nice, but not the best buy on The Strip.  I recall these rooms starting at $359, but who knows what they are getting in June '09.The Tower Suites are much nicer, but they are pricey for what you get.  If you are a good rate shopper in this price range, you are likely going to steer towards another property (Skylofts, Four Seasons, etc.).  The few times I stayed in a suite at The Wynn, it was in a Salon Suite.The rooms feature a very cool design with a wonderful entertaining space complete with a full bar.  The bedrooms are full-blown luxury and the bathroom is larger than the bedroom.  The only thing I thought was weird were the benches in the rain shower.  It forced me to think about how well it had been cleaned since the last seating, which shouldn't matter since I don't sit in the shower.  Anyway, think luxury, not bench.  The Salon Suite is also quite large (just under 2000 sq ft), but the space could be used for so much more, in my opinion.  One of the suites did have a cool massage room in it.  The other did not.  All of the lights and curtains are electronically controlled througout these spaces.The restaurants and great and the room service is great.  They did not cut corners here when I was staying with them and I doubt they do today, at least in the food department.  Everything was served to perfection, even in the room.  That is not easy to do.I can also tell you that they have several clubs with quite a scene on certain nights.  I have never wanted to go to XS, which is more the bottle service type of place, but if I was in the Vegas club mood and looking to blow some money on booze, I would check it out.  Tryst, on the other hand, held my attention for a bit and is worth going back to.  That bar/club is located just in front of the waterfall.  A must for one drink.Overall, my advice is to spend time here, gamble here, eat here, and see a show or two here.  If you stay here, have a reason.  If the reason is you want to dine and see shows on property, by all means stay here.  If you are on a budget or want to get the most over-the-top suite for a decent price, look around and just visit.  There are always numerous hotel options in Vegas.  Regardless, visit the property as it is truly worth it.
5	my fav hotel in vegas.. i'd wanna stay @ the wynn everytime i go. great views from the room, overlooking a green golf course. such nice rooms, lobby, common areas.. but my fav part is the pool, they have the nicest pool in vegas.. cabana's lined up for private use. outside gambling tables. it feels like im on an island somewhere, away from everything. THE hotel of vegas.
5	It was no coincidence that "La Reve", which means "the dream", is shown in the Wynn.The outside of the hotel is pretty plain - nice, but it gives a lot for the visitor to imagine what could be inside.My "reve" was indeed this hotel... there were flowers EVERYWHERE, the architecture was unparalleled, and just everything I seemed to view would blow my mind over and over again. It was feminine, it was masculine, it was classy, it was fun, it was everything I ever could have imagined a beautiful Las Vegas hotel to be .... and more.
5	Wynn is one of my favorite hotels in vegas!i love the decor, the ambiance, the people there are so friendly.. i just love this place!! i just wished i did better at the craps table... :(wynn craps dealers told me i have my own special way of throwing the dice... kekeke... i do this "if i do this.. im gonna win!' while im rolling the dice in my hands... then i throw! hahahahha and then it goes to 7... and i lose :(
3	Vegas, baby! I haven't been for a few years now and when my friend and I decided to book our stay we knew that we had to go with the Wynn. I had heard great things and was so excited at the thought of staying that I almost peed myself....which is why I'm left feeling a little disappointed with the end result. There were things that I loved about my stay here but to be honest, I was left a little disappointed on some levels. Things that impressed me: - The pool: it's huge, beautiful, new and has plenty of lounging spots. They offer pool side service but beware, if you're hoping for a speedy turn over you may want to adjust your expectations or risk severe frustration. - The room: Beautiful, modern with cool art, a huge flat screen tv and a small tv in the bathroom that you can watch while getting ready. The beds were out of this world comfy; there were times when I didn't want to get out of bed. The view (at least from the 37th floor) was awesome. -Gambling: I won about $200 on penny slots. Ha! -Clubs: Had such a blast at Tryst and XS; they are the hottest clubs in Vegas right now and you'd be a fool not to check them out. Thanks, Mac, for hooking us up! :) - The fantastic deal we found on Travelocity: $396 (each - 2 people) for 4 nights and airfare. That is just an unbelievable price. Things that did NOT impress me: - The jenky-ass room they first tried to put us in. It was on the 6th floor and overlooking the top of another building. We went up, took one look and said hell no and demanded another room. - There was just not enough places to eat inside the hotel. They had only ONE cheap option which was this little cafe that offered crap. The only other two options were the buffet for $30 a pop and the Terrace Grill which was sit down. - Along those lines, since the Wynn is so new, It didn't feel developed enough for me (e.g. no shopping, not enough food options, etc.) We had to go to Cesar's and The Venetian to really get some good diversity. - It's at the end of the strip so you're not central; I didn't mind this so much but it's definitely something to think about when you're considering a place to stay. Expect lots of walking or lots of $$ spent on cabs. - The last thing, which probably made me the most irritated out of everything, was that there was NO COFFEE MAKER in the room!!! What. The. F*CK. What kind of hotel room as nice as that one doesn't offer some free coffee. I physically had to call the front desk and ask if I was missing something. Devastatingly, they confirmed my suspicions and directed me to in-room dining. After all was said and done, we were billed $18 for 2 small cups of coffee. As you can see, my review is conflicted. I wouldn't deter somebody from coming here but I would make sure to point out all the negatives that I stated above. Now, time to get back to nursing my liver back to health.
5	My first experience at the Wynn dates back a couple of years when my wife and I came here to eat lunch with my mother and stepfather.   We had a lovely lunch at 'Sugar & Ice' and, at the time, I thought it'd be nice to stay here.   Fast forward 2 years:  my father's visiting the US from Europe and we decide to do a post-modern post-nuclear-family weekend trip to Vegas with myself and my wife, my father and his girlfriend, and my mother and stepdad.   Yay!  Fun stuff!! Rooms - The goddamn rooms in this place are absolutely stellar.   They easily compete with the Bellagio as far as the room and bed is concerned and I gotta tell ya... the bathroom probably takes #1 spot in my book.   TV in the bathroom *while* you're taking a bath?   check.   A bathtub so big you can have an orgy in?  check.   Shower with water pressure so fucking fierce it'll bitchslap your hangover into tomorrow?  check.   Seriously... that bathroom's got it all.   You can even pick up the phone while you're praying to the porcelain God.   How Vegas is that?Pool - When I come to Vegas, it's a good idea to keep me away from the Casino (see below) so my wife and I thought we should plump down $400 and get a cabana at the pool for the day.   It's hella pricey, but I gotta say that was one sweet experience!   The hostess came by every 15 minutes to check whether or not we needed anything.  I felt like royalty!   The cabana's got a stocked fridge with complimentary beverages and a decent size flat screen TV if you wanna crank some tunes while catching some Rays.   Seriously, we just hung out my the Wynn Pool Jay-Z style, and that was hella sweet!   Still, I thought I'd go try my hand at the Blackjack table that sits poolside and got quickly reminded that I'm not a celebrity... One thousand dollars minimum on that table?   Hmmm.... yeah no.  Thanks but no thanks.Casino -  Eat shit and die.  Fuck all the dealers.  They always steal my money when I play Blackjack.  Fuck you casinos, fuck you!Dining - We ate at Boulud, Switch, and Sugar & Ice.   All three restaurants, while very much distinct in style, had some very good food.  Service varied with location but the dining at the Wynn is certainly good.  Even the food that we ordered poolside while at the Cabana was good.   It wasn't the best culinary experience ever, but it certainly proved as a capable way to mop up the many Vodka Red Bulls loitering in my stomach.Vibe - I dig the vibe at the Wynn.   It's snobbish enough to filter out the ghetto bitches and twentysomething hipsters.   Yet it's not so snobbish as to feel like you're at a retirement home with a bunch of people waiting to die.   It's got class, but it doesn't have the fake-factor I've experienced at the Mandalay Bay.   I think I've just found my favorite hotel in Vegas!
4	rooms are spacious, the decor is random but nice, and the dealers are down to chatbuy in for most stuff is 10-25 bucks which, sadly, is too rich for my blood... anyways my friend won 40 bucks in a slot machine by doing nothing, it was awesome.boo the Ferrari dealership for charging for admission. How can you charge people to look at cars they might by, if other stores charged your to browse you wouldn't go, amirite?The real reason i'm givng the Wynn 4 stars though is the pool is mad baller status. It's like a giant L with chairs around it. Service is a big slow but hey, if ur by the pool no worry just relax eh?
5	I have never stayed the night here at the Wynn but I have gambled here lots and this review is solely for that purpose......as well as a few other cool things they offer.We usually stay at the Riviera because of free rooms.  The Wynn is the next casino down...well technically its Encore but same difference.  We always head down here the morning after we get into Vegas. The Wynn is a beautfiul casino.  My lady and I mostly play slots and the Wynn has a nice selection.  There are 3 things that I absolutely love about the Wynn and here they are.1.  Excellent drink service.  No matter if you are a high roller or a penny slot person, the waitresses are plentiful, beautiful, and always on top of things.  They actually give you your mixed drink in a nice round glass that you would use at home.  Not a tall skinny, full of ice glass.  A nice touch.  They bring the drinks fast and are appreciative for any tip you give them.   The booze is always flowing and that keeps customers happy.2.  The buffet.  Best buffet I have been to....havent been to many....but this one is at the top.  If you sign up for a players club card you have to gamble something like a few hundred dollars(points) to get enough for a buffet.  Its awesome and easy to accomplish the free buffet within an hour or 2 playing.  I think its like 35 bucks for the dinner one if you have to pay for it.  It has everything you could want including gigantic crab legs which cant be beat.3.  Sometimes its the little things that matter most.  This may sound odd but my number 3 favorite thing here....the bathrooms.  If you have to drop a deuce they have very private stalls that look like a closet sort of.  Total privacy.  And my favorite thing in the bathroom are the urinals.  They have strategically placed "pads" in the urinals.  One up top and one at the bottom.  This kills 2 birds with one stone.  You have to take a mean leak and you go to piss and you get some brushback....guys...you know what I mean.....your piss hits the bowl and then sprays back at ya....you try to avoid it but some urinals it just happens.  Well these urinals here at the Wynn use the pads to  a. cover up odor...and b. to prevent sprayback.  No matter how hard you try , if you hit the pad, it like absorbs your piss with no shrapnel flying everywhere.  Its awesome and its my favorite bathroom to take a leak in.  Its the little things in life.....the small victories.........and that my friends is why the Wynn gets 5 stars.
2	This is a review for the Lake of Dreams show.The show plays every 30 minutes starting when the sun is down.  The website said that it started at 8 pm, so we and a bunch of other people were waiting at 7:45.  It gets past 8 and then we're told that it's not gonna happen until 8:30 because there was still some light in the sky. LAME.So we came back at 8:30 and the show lasted literally 3 minutes.  It was a giant frog that sang "What a Wonderful World" on top of the fake waterfall.  It was pretty cool, but I was expecting the show to last longer.Then we came again at 9 to check out the second show (there's 2 different shows each night, we were told), and it BROKE DOWN! There were these two balls that were circling around the pond (kind of boring), and in the middle of the show the lights went out and the song stopped. This show definitely cannot compete with the other free shows on the strip.  Go see the Bellagio fountains instead.
4	WOW! Who knew that blow drying was such an art!  My Mother and I had our hair done here a few weeks ago. AMAZING!  As far as the casino goes, it was a letdown, however, if your motto is "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" then you may like the night clubs:) I prefer the Bellagio.
4	Very nice hotel for Las Vegas but I have to agree with a few of the other reviewers that the decor is a bit off. The wallpaper and choice of textiles are strange, outdated even. We had a regular room with a view of the golf course and pool. The layout (not suite) reminds me of the Ritz Carlton in North San Diego, but the Ritz feels more upscale and quiet. Yes, the walls are thin here. There was a couple next door with a child that made terrible noise on our first night - slamming doors and crying. Bring ear plugs.My partner and I flew in yesterday, both of us were ill upon arriving, and spent our first day/night in bed ordering chicken noodle soup and watching TV. Room service delivered our soup on time, but it was actually pretty bad. The "noodles" were macaroni (ick) and the chicken was so overcooked that it was spongy. The broth tasted like Swanson's vegetable broth without salt. Ugh. It was just so wrong. The best thing was the bread basket that accompanied the soup. This morning we ordered breakfast and specifically asked for an omelet for my partner without bell peppers. They steered us to the organic veggie omelet. Everything arrived on time but my partner's omelet was FULL of bell peppers. We swapped. Sadly my omelet was cold (which he ate maybe 1/2 of). It's a bit crazy to pay $60 for breakfast in our room and then to have it all be off.The pool is great but don't forget your sunscreen/oil as the cabana shop will hose you for at least $18 for a bottle of the stuff. The waitresses are hit and miss poolside. Sometimes you can't get one all day long...and other times they're plugging drinks like there's no tomorrow. The pool in the rear is Euro style so you can go topless but few of the women do.I'd stay here for business again...especially when the company is paying for the room...but I think that there are places that I've enjoyed more, like the Rio. I'm not sold that this place is the "end all be all" hotel in Vegas.
1	My sister and I stayed at the Wynn for two nights.  Check-in was terrible.  It took at least 45 minutes to get checked-in. The man at the reception was not helpful at all. My sister complained to the man, who was supposed to be directing people to the available check-in staff.  My sister commented on how good Bellagio's check-in process was.  The man's response was, "we are much busier than the Bellagio" which was really confusing to me because the Wynn is definitely dead compared to the Bellagio.The TV in our room was faulty - remote control did not work properly, the TV would turn on and off by itself.  My sister called it in to get it fixed. After 20 mins of waiting, no one came, so I decided to pull the cable from the TV to turn it off.   When we returned to our room after a day of shopping, we found two cleaning rags on the chair, which were probably left by the chambermaids. At check-out, my sister was being charged $8 from the mini bar which we did not use at all.  I mistakenly moved one of the little tin containers, but after I realized that they had sensors at the bottom, I immediately returned it to its place.  Maximum of 15 seconds.  According to the note on the minibar, you will be charged if you remove the item more than 60 seconds. I've been to Las Vegas before and the Wynn is the most horrible hotel I've ever stayed at.
5	I want to live here.  Our room was fantastic for starters.  Their buffet is amazing!  Drinks while gambling are great and keep coming :) I got my hair and makeup done at the salon and was beyond impressed.  I somehow never made it to the pool??  Couldn't be happier...can't wait to come back.
4	I love this hotel! We stayed here for my best friend's wedding this past weekend. The 1700 square feet room is AMAZING! Picture walking into a beautiful marble floored foyer, in the middle are red, sexy couches, with a flat screen in the middle of the marbled counter table. To the left was the bar, and the room. The bathroom is impeccable, a woman's dream! There were LOTS of counter space, the closet was decent, (i'm never happy, because I pack and own so much clothes), and the room was beautiful. Not only that, the casino itself, the common ground is very nice. There's lots of restaurants and clubs like Tryst and the new club called XS, and a lounge called Blush. The pool looked wonderful although we didn't get to enjoy it. The shopping here is amazing, but I still love the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops the best in Vegas.
4	Where to begin!!  Everything about this place is beautiful!  We had room 5823 (facing the strip and in the middle) and oh my!!!  The view was just amazing!!  A Panoramic view room is the way to go! The staff is super friendly, the rooms are clean and don't smell like smoke, the pool is large, the grounds and inside the building are all sooo pretty!  Try to come here during the week as it is obviously cheaper and less people.  Definitely a 5 star hotel and I wouldn't think twice about staying here again but will probably try the Encore next time.
5	My time at the Wynn was also my first time in Vegas, so I can't really compare my experience with other Vegas hotels. However, I've stayed in various other five-star establishments and Wynn is one of the best!I loved the luxury, the good taste of the hotel decorations, the large rooms and the excellent service. Being two steps away from the finest buffet in town also helped. The room service is excellent, the food was great and the service was fast. The minibar, although quite expensive, was well stocked (although not restocked as fast as I'd have liked). The pool was great, and the drinks from the bar well mixed and the service, again, excellent. Overall a very smooth, five-star experience. I'm coming back soon!
5	My stay here was so perfect that it felt almost surreal. Me and my boyfriend stayed in a resort room on the 33rd floor with a panoramic view of the strip. The room was elegant and enormous with a huge bathroom and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Everything was perfect down to the most minute detail. The pool was huge, the spa was beautiful, and the buffet totally blew my mind, (better than the one at Bellagio, which was also really good). Absolutely worth the money. Check their website for package deals!
5	Poker room review.Great place to play.Great dealers, great food and the best drinks in town!I would not bother playing anywhere else!
5	You really can't stay at any other better place than this when you go to Vegas. I got a SICK price through Priceline.com for the Wynn--$150/night (including tax)!!! And this is during 4th of July weekend too! Immediately when you come in, you feel 5 star treatment. Everything here has so much attention and detail. The custodians walking around picking up trash are pushing expresso wood carts. Housekeeping uses specialized carts to block people from seeing (or stealing stuff from) your room. The outdoor grill makes a simple burger look gourmet.The staff is extremely professional and helpful. This hotel is just the right size too so you don't feel like you're walking through a circus (i.e. Bellagio). The people that stay here are high class and well behaved (leave the trashy people somewhere else, please!).The rooms are posh and elegant. There's a comfortable bed with high quality linens. We had a corner room with 2 wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling windows. The bathroom has a huge soaking tub and a large shower. It really just does not get better than this.
4	We just got back from a 5 day stay at the Wynn over the 4th of July. Overall, this is a gorgeous property with a wonderful pool and amenities. If you are a nonsmoker you will realize that this is the only property on the strip where the smell of smoke is not overpowering. Unlike the Venetian/Palazzo, the Wynn does not "mask" the smoke with a nasty deodorizing chemicals. We stayed in a resort room (1835), which was spacious and had a nice view of the strip. After visiting several casinos in the strip (the Bellagio included), this is definitely the prettiest and most sophisticated property in Vegas. However, the check-in line was long (even at midnight) and we encountered pretty rude staff. Basically, we had reserved a nonsmoking room, and upon check-in the front desk clerk tells us (with an attitude) that nonsmoking rooms were not available since they are assigned on first-come, first-serve basis and are considered an "upgrade." I explained to her that this was ridiculous, that I even confirmed my request over the phone earlier. I also told her that her attitude was not appreciated. Her reply was that we were "rude" but was going to upgrade us nonetheless."  So apparently, we were "upgraded" to the same nonsmoking room I had purchase originally. What a joke. While the Wynn is a wonderful property, you will notice that the staff treat guests as if they are beneath them. Time and time again I overheard staff declining guests requests. I even got attitude from a security guard when I asked him for directions! We have stayed at pretty good hotels in the past (i.e. Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons) and we know what good customer service is all about. You can forget about getting friendly, accommodating staff at the Wynn.    Finally, the restaurants are all good but overpriced and not memorable. I would recommend going to Caesars Forum Shops for some excellent restaurants (Joe's and Sushi Roku were unbelievable)   . Also, I can say that Wynn has the best mojitos ever.Given the fact that the Wynn is the prettiest property on the strip and not as crowded as other hotels (Bellagio) I will give it a 4 regardless of the poor customer service.
4	I'd been here once two years ago to their reknowned buffet, but this was my first time staying here and I thought this place lived up to expectations. Check in was fast and easy, and the room (55th floor, two double beds with a panorama view facing north and east) was spacious and luxurious. I gotta say the only I didn't like was the exorbitant prices EVERYwhere. Like the $8 water bottles in the room (who doesn't give their customers a free bottle of water in Vegas heat!), the higher minimums on the tables (I don't work in corporate America anymore!), and the nerve to charge $35 for their "Chinese" breakfast - essentially a bowl of jook (congee), some dried pork, shu mai, tea, and one other small dish which together in Chinatown should cost maybe $7 tops.But my being a cheapass aside, the food here was phenomenal and the entertainment well worth it. The Wynn buffet for lunch was delicious and contained so many different flavors (wok fried chinese veggies, pulled pork bbq cole slaw, prime rib, smoked salmon, and an entire section of dessert options were just a SAMPLE of what we ate). The cabana area with the pool was very comfortable (and who knew European style topless sunbathing was so in style?), and XS was really fun to party at (though when we went it became a dudefest later in the evening). That aside, the music there was solid and the visuals of the pool were nothing short of stunning.XS may be the best description for a club, and I think it applies to the hotel in general. Food was sumptious, club was extravagant, and service was top notch. When I needed my boarding pass printed, they helped me do it at the concierge. I will definitely be returning here - and I suggest you check it out for yourself!
4	In between a 4 and 4.5The last time I was in Vegas was several years ago when they were BUILDING the Wynn, so it I suppose it's only fitting that my first visit after a 4+ year hiatus be at the hotel that wasn't even open when I was here last.  It's almost as if they had built the hotel for me and my first visit was long overdue.  But that's just wishful thinking.The Wynn being one of Vegas' more recent hotels, there are a few aspects of the hotel that follow an architectural pattern with some of the other newer hotels.  Take the parking garage for example.  Instead of parking garages where you go round and round as you ascend multiple levels of parking, the ramp to climb each level is on the exterior of the structure so the interior resembles more that of a supermarket parking lot.  Why I'm spending so much time talking about the parking structure I have no idea.Walking into the casino.... Oh look, slot machines!  Poker tables!  Scantily clad cocktail waitresses!  All these (and more) you will find in just about any casino, old or new, in Las Vegas.  *sigh* What a life....My friend was able to score an upgrade up to the 52nd floor.  Yes, you heard me... FIFTY TWO.  All 3 of our rooms had great views.  The room I was in specifically had a view of the strip, and while the other 2 rooms were on the other side of the hotel, their room were overlooking a golf course.  The rooms were standard: bed, sofa and ottoman, wall-mounted flat screen TV, desk with a video phone and fax machine, and books and booklets detailing the room and resort amenities.  The bathroom had separate shower and bathtub, dual sinks with a vanity in between, a small wall TV, and a segregated toilet with a phone.  Hey, it solves the problem of answering the phone call while you're seated on the throne.  I'm just saying.I don't have to tell you that the hotel overall is just gorgeous.  The theme of the brown and gold exterior of the hotel seamlessly transports itself to the color scheme inside.  The layout of the casino and surrounding areas is not complicated to navigate and makes everything seem easily accessible.  All of the dealers I dealt with were nice, patient and courteous, except for maybe the late late hours when they're not as talkative and would probably prefer being in bed instead of handing out winnings at the craps tables.  Yes, I found my new poison of choice at the casino: craps.  I never understood the game up until this trip when a couple of my friends explained a few basics and I experienced some beginner's luck.  One session I had started with $30 and within an hour, I had quadrupled my money.We did have a chance to experience any of the fine restaurants here at the Wynn, which include Mario Batali's Bartolotta or Daniel Boulud Brasserie.  We did however eat at their buffet for brunch for one of our meals (review to come).Would I stay here again?  Well, not unless I scored some sort of deal or promo (which my friend did) or we were in a larger group, like we were, bringing down the room cost for everybody.
5	For us, this is now the gold standard for Vegas hotels.  New, Clean, courteous, gaudy in a good way, and the godawful smoke management is actually better than most other strip hotels.The room was spotless.  We got a city view that was fabulous.  I'm very spoiled, now.Wynn Buffet was a diet buster!  Dare I say, this was the best buffet we've ever had?  Yea, I think so...splurge and eat there, you WILL NOT be disappointed.Coming back?  Oh yea...
5	I am 20... Not quite 21 yet so even though I am lacking in experience in the sense of gambling or anything to do with an age limit of 21(Which is a lot of things!), I am experienced in eating! And eating good and plentiful is my forte! :) I have been to Vegas over 15 times and my parents and I always try out ALL of the buffets in all of the Las Vegas Casinos to try it out... My favorite is Wynn. The international food selection taste and quality is amazing! The best I have ever been able to ever see with my limited cash flow! Hopefully one day I would be able to try all the expensive dining places that many get to try in Vegas.
5	First Class service and food. This was our second time staying at the Wynn and we love it. Went over to Encore and had spa treatment. I got a "4 handed" massage and it was incredible. Next time might stay over at Encore because its new. Great job Steve!
4	This place is nice...not too many hillbillies or kids.  Everything is high class or faux high class. Nice restaurants and lots of good dining deals with the Taste of Wynn menu. I doubt anyone that I know could afford to buy anything from any of the stores.  With the recession that we are in how can one afford an $88,000 cell phone?  Well we actually saw some moron buying one!  Yes you too could use a years salary to buy a jewel encrusted cell phone with crappy nokia guts.  Gotta love the extremely rich and the fact that they will buy almost anything as long as it is shiny.
4	We stayed at the Wynn Tower Suites recently and was very impressed with the room and the service.  We were upgraded to a nice room on the 59th floor and really appreciated the great view.  We ate breakfast at Tableau which is conveniently located right off the elevator and has outside patio dining and you can dine poolside as well.  Tableau really knows how to make simple dishes as eggs, english muffin and ketchup really special.  I had the lobster salad and crunchy egg for brunch and it was YUMMY and my bf had the Tableau breakfast which he fully enjoyed.As much as we enjoyed hotel and casino at the Wynn, we did not like the pool side action.  The service was SLOW to say the least and there were not enough cocktail waitresses around and the area around the pool wasn't taken care of: ie, we found dirty band aids around the lounge chair right on the edge of the pool and there were  people not staying at the hotel fully enjoying themselves.  I don't know what the policy is at the Wynn about letting non-guests into the pool area, but the weekend we stayed there, there were less than desirables all around the Wynn pool and we are not the "nose up in the air " people, but really for the money that we paid it wasn't impeccable due to the pool side service.
5	Best hotel I have ever stayed in!!!!The room and bathroom was very clean and nice. The beds and blankets were very comfortable. The amenities also included 2 bathrobes, slippers, and most toiletries that you can possibly need on a trip. The cleaning crew is very nice and they actually say "hi" or "good morning" with a smile unlike other places. The rest of the hotel staff including concierge was very nice and helpful. Valet service was very fast and never took more than 3 minutes to get our car. The girls offering drinks in the casino actually walked to each person to ask if they wanted a drink and of course with a smile :) Tables started at $10 during the week in the morning and increased to $25 on the weekend. Lot's of security all over the place. I liked how the hotel had lounge music playing all day. It kinda felt  like you were at a boutique hotel or lounge.  Service here was excellent! I really recommend staying here and I will definitely be back. Take some money because this is very high end.
4	I really like this hotel to gamble on the slot machines and no I did not win any money here, I lost money. I guess it has all the games I like such as Wheel of Fortune, pinball game and video roulette.  I like the layer too bad I could not play the table games because it was quite bit much for me $15 dollar minimums, but it is okay I guess.  Probably a nice hotel to stay at.  I did not go shopping nor checked out the Ferrari museum it costs $10 dollars to look at them. =(
5	We had one of the high end suites and my god, this place is classy! We had our own private entrance and elevators. Definitely felt where the dollars went! The room was $2300 or so per night and it had 3 tv's and an 8 to 10 person dining table, wet bar and two bathrooms. The view was toward the strip and it was spectacular! The concierge was very nice and the hookers were top of the line (lol JK about the last part).The only place to stay IF:1. You are a baller2. You want to feel like a baller3. You just took out 5 credit cards just to stay here4. All of the above
5	Fabulous!  We stayed here this past weekend and had a great experience.  It was beautiful and it was a great way to relax and have all the great things you hope/expect when you go to a high-end hotel like this.  We had a spectacular view of a huuuuge golf course and the pools.  The people were nice and everything was very plush and classy. Definitely felt like a baller! :)
5	My boyfriend and i loved this hotel, so did the other couple that came with us. Check in was a breeze the guy at the front desk was so nice very warm and welcoming. Our room was on the 23rd floor the view was beautiful. The bed was so comfy it was hard to get up in the morning. I loved the bathroom there was a separate shower and tub (no jets in the tub :( sad), but you can fit two people in the tub that was nice. Saturday around noon we went downstairs to the buffet, there was a really long line but it kept moving we stood in line for bout 20 minutes. It was well worth the wait, the brunch selection was amazing there is no way for anybody to try all they have to offer in one sitting. We also ate at Zoozacrackers during our stay this place has amazing burgers, it filled us up without the greasy death full feeling. During our stay we bumped into half of the Knicks basketball team they were nice enough to pose for pictures. Overall we all had a great time it was worth every penny.
5	Another fun stay in LV and at the Wynn. Rooms are still large but the prices are coming way down - $159 a night. I remember the days before our much hated recession that rooms went for $499! Great food and Tryst was packed! A couple of cons by the pool. 1) If you want to see the pool, or sit near it you have to reserve chairs which can be any where from $150 to $500 a day. I'm actually ok with this, but all the chairs directly around the pool were marked reserved! I've stayed there 10 or so times and gamble a fair amount, if I get to the pool at around 9AM I should get to sit directly around the pool! Quick translation: 9AM is like 5AM if not in Vegas. 2) I'm all for saving the world from global warming, but what happened to the water bottles by the pool? Now you have to go back and forth to fill up your cup - and yes, God damn it I am lazy! I'm really nitpicking here, but all in and all a GREAT place to stay in Vegas!
4	Only two new things to add:1. At the European pool, you can't sit in a chair by the pool unless you've paid hundreds of dollars (depending on the day) for the "lily pads" or "pool beds."  No one who had reserved them arrived at the pool until noon or later. If i'm there at 9am and want to sit near the pool, there ought to be at least a few chairs available. Lame2. Apparently, in these times of recession, the Wynn upgraded their well drinks for gamblers. There's nothing like sitting on a penny slot machine drinking Belvedere on the rocks at 1 in the afternoon!  Ah, Vegas, when shall I return? =)
3	I wanted to love this hotel but instead I found it just okay. We stayed for three nights in July - got an amazing deal through Expedia with our airfare. The price even included a $75 credit. The Positives: the room was spotless and had a nice layout. The view of the strip was great! The casino itself was very pretty. Daniel Boulud restaurant was fantastic. The Negatives: we were told that none of the bars comp drinks if you are playing the video poker or blackjack. I lose money pretty quickly so it is nice to get something in return. Plus, all the other casinos comp at the bars, why should the Wynn be any different?  Secondly, we found a lot of the other guests to be pretty annoying. Pretentious and stuck up to be precise.
4	A really classy hotel with higher-end restaurants/rooms/service/etc.. but basically they try to gouge the shit out of your for everything.The standard rooms are just slightly better than a standard vegas room at another 4* hotel on the strip and are pretty much the same size so if you're trying to fit masses of people in here then you're better off paying for a suite at a lesser hotel.Either way its really nice and if you have cash to blow then you'll find tons of places to do it here.
4	This is a great hotel and the best I've stayed in Vegas.  I loved the pool (and the most interesting pool is of course the European pool), the room, the service (we arrived at noon, check in is at 3pm, but our room was ready---no problems), the ice cream from Sugar & Ice, the breakfast from the buffet, the casino, the sightings of NBA players who were staying there this past weekend for summer leagues, the elegance, the decor, my tour of the wedding facilities from the fabulous Mildred and the heat (since we are not having a real summer in Chicago).Next trip, I will definitely stay at the Wynn.  Cannot wait to go back!
5	What a great 2night stay. Wonderful room with view of pool on the 54th floor. I asked to be near the elevator, great service, beautiful pool, we went on Monday in July. Not too busy, it was wonderful, great coffee and great buffet.
4	stayed here for my 21st bday and with my GF after... this place is really classy and has great food.... great service and great shopping.... really love the ice cream place... actually has a great chopped salad!and love the shopping... vertu, wynn, lv, cartier... casino is good too!! parasol down is a nice bar/area ... great mudslides ... blended! :)
2	Yes, it's beautiful. Yes, the rooms are clean. Yes, the pool is awesome and the pina coladas taste like heaven. But the logistics were less than perfect...1. We booked two rooms through Expedia.com to have double beds. Expedia sends over the reservation to Wynn as 2 king rooms. 2. Wynn was 130% booked for the night and there were absolutely no rooms with double beds. 3. They give us king rooms with the promise of a roll-away double bed.4. The king rooms were smoking when we requested non-smoking.5. They transfer us to non-smoking king rooms and now the key cards don't work.6. The roll-away arrives and it's a TWIN bed. Not a double as promised by the Registration desk.7. We were told that we're on the priority list for a double the next night.8. We double check about the priority list with another employee and only 1 room was on the list.9. The next day, Wynn still has no double rooms.10. Did any employee really care? Not really.Oh yea, unlike other hotels that give you VIP access to the clubs inside their casino, staying at the Wynn doesn't provide you access to Tryst. Actually, staying at the Wynn doesn't even provide you a shorter line at the buffet! Stay at the Venetian/Palazzo instead. The rooms are bigger there.
3	At first glance, this appears to be among one of the more impressive hotels around. The lobby and public areas are beautiful and the rooms are large and grand. From that aspect it is five star all the way.There are many irritating things, like you can't get from the pool area directly into the building and back to your room. You HAVE to go the long way through the shopping area! This gets old pretty quick and we agreed to not even look in any of the expensive shops. All the public areas surround the casino and the registration desk is always a mob scene. Nothing is designed for customer convenience; everything is done to make the hotel money. There is no way that this is a five star hotel, if only for the fact that the service is quite poor. This is a five star facility with two star service. I will say that the ice cream shop food was excellent and reasonably priced. The coffee shop by the casino was very good as well but was always mobbed! They want you to go to the sit down restaurant but who has time for that most days?We looked around a lot while we were there for the builder's show, and agreed that next time we will stay at the Venetian. The shopping area is magnificent and has a lot of moderate food options,.
3	Fun casino, nice and helpful employees.  While gambling it took forever to get a drink.  I understand that's how it works but it would have made our time more enjoyable if we didn't have to keep looking around for the waitress.  Don't get me wrong, it was still a great time & a beautiful casino!
4	Other than location, this has to be one of the best spots in Vegas for it's total package. I love the Venetian, but the Wynn just might be as good if not better. I'm glad I had a car, because the walk is a bit annoying if you don't. Make sure you goto CLUB XS at the Encore (worth the cover), just don't fall into the pool. The Wynn room's are half the size of the Venetian Bella suites, but they are really nice. Service is friendly, house keepers are really good. You can't go wrong staying in luxury here - but only if you have a car so poor girl's in high heels don't have to walk 1/2 a mile to anything.
4	The Wynn is a huge upgrade considering this high roller stays at places like, Imperial Palace, Westward Ho, Circus Circus, pay by the hour motels... Our room had two full size beds that seemed to be very clean, free of bed bugs. The bed was nice and comfy. The restroom had a bathtub and shower. Had a tv in the restroom too which was a plus. The casino was nice and clean. Most of the tables were 25 dollar minimum. Im used to the 3 dollar craps at the slots of fun next to circus circus. The pool was huge, but a little too shallow for my liking. Wouldve enjoyed it more if it werent for some 4 dudes getting all lovey dovey in front of us. Overall, enjoyed my stay there. Great times!  You win at the Wynn. :)
2	Beautiful casino too bad it took an eternity to get a drink.
5	we just stayed there 8/1/-8/3 and loved every minute we were in the hotel.the moment we walked into the registration area, we were greeted right away and Martin helped us with our reservation.  He gave us two options as we arrived at noon and the check-in was to be at 3pm or something like that.  16th floor or the one on the 58th floor with the view of the city...which he recommended and we look.  awesome view from morning to night.  the room was facing strip so at night, the lights of the city glowed.  one of their wall, was the whole window, can you imagine the view.everyone who worked there made you feel so VIP.  from the maids who paid extra attention of the junk i left in the bathroom and organized it to the valets who had conversations with you to make sure your stay was good.  the concierge desk was particular the best ppl to work with for anything.  we had two requests...moving our dinner reservation at Switch to another time and checking into our flight.  Brenden did both for us with no issues, even if there were ppl in back of us who also needed help.  he didnt rush us and took his time communicating w/ the restaurant and printing our boarding passes.the hotel is immaculate and the attention to detail in every part of the hotel cannot be surpassed.  we got a great deal from Cosctotravel.com with air, hotel and shuttle w/ $75 credit toward food/drinks at the hotel.  We cannot ask for more.  didnt pay too much nor did we pay too little but what we paid was less than what we got.  I left feeling so VIP, so special and will be coming back again and will stay here every time.
1	The customer service is horrible. Called them 5 times with 30 min waiting time each. The manager will HANG UP ON YOUR FACE!!!!!! All I need is just to send me the confirmation email. Poor service. Not recommended.
4	This hotel is to MGM what Nordstrom is to JC Penney. The customer service at this hotel completely exceeded everything I have ever experienced throughout my years of Vegas visits. I was very appreciative for the attention the staff gave us, and the tenacity in which they behaved in order to fulfill our room services, clean ups, and minor requests were simply amazing. You can rest assured that Steve Wynn didn't put his signature on that project for nothing... and I'm sure glad the hotel staff acknowledges that.
4	I have mixed feelings about this hotel.  On one hand it has some of the best rooms in Vegas on the other, the customer service is very hit and miss.  The hotel is very clean and elegant. Steve spared no expense when he put his name on this venture.  We ordered room service the day after my husband decided to go a little nuts because he was feeling a little groggy and eggs and pancakes and coffee and diet coke was $75!  OUCH.The European pool was beautiful, but the "bubbies" that showed themselves ranged from good plastic surgeons to something out of national geographic.  At around 2pm when people have gotten all nice and drunk you see some pretty interesting things happening at the pool.  I saw everything from guys making out with other guys to girls making out with other girls to swapping.  There are pool cabana's that you can rent and the pool beds start at about $500 for the day.  But, you can negotiate the price...EJ was our "pool boy" and the word "no" never left his lips.  I love that.  The front desk wasn't the most helpful and they seemed annoyed if you have a question.  We had some pretty rowdy neighbors (the walls are very thin) and everynight after the clubs would close, they would bring their party back to their room.  I could hear all about who the boys made out with, who rejected them, blah blah blah.  They must not have done that well because up until last night, I never heard girls in their room!  We called security after the third night of being woken up at 3am until they finally fell asleep at around 6.  And they seemed upset that we called security to ask them to send someone up.  It was the statement of "what do you want us to do about it" that kinda sent me over the edge.  Look, don't mess with my sleep!The concierge was awesome.  She made reservations at Le Reve for us--which if you get a chance go see it, it's spectacular--and made all our dinner reservations with a smile on her face.  Loved it.  I think if they could get their staff all trained to be helpful and to really make the guest feel wanted, this would be a five star experience instead of hit and miss.
4	We didn't stay here, but visited the lobby and shops.  The lobby is beautiful. If you like flowers and plants, the garden area in the casino/lobby area is great.  The curved escalator by Parasols is great!  We walked the shops and then had coffee and dessert at Le Cafe at the end of the shopping area.  We sat outside on the balcony that over looks some of the water and a waterfall.  It was lovely.  It was chilly being near all the water and there were heaters outside which was nice.The gambling area is nice and we spent very little time there.  We did win at some of the slots, so that was our cue to take the winnings and run!The valet took a long time to get our car compared to every other hotel we went to.  I was surprised.  Other hotels that were just as big got our car in under 5 minutes.  At the Wynn we waited over 10-15 minutes.
1	I would give 0 stars if possible. We stayed there this past weekend and to be honest, it was a very classy and pretty hotel. I booked 2 of the panoramic suites on the top floors with an amazing view. On Friday we had an awesome time clubbing in a different hotel. Saturday we clubbed at XS and had to wait in a horrendous line for 2 1/2 hours. Once clubbing was over, we gambled a bit then went upstairs to sleep. We awoke to find all of our money missing and my girlfriends expensive purse missing and her stuff scattered all over the bathroom. We notified security and they had us fill out a few forms and told us to follow up with a contact card we had been given. I have made SEVERAL attempts to follow up with this case with my calls being forwarded to a number of voice mails with no reply whatsoever. I had by far the WORST experience i've ever had in Vegas at this hotel, by far the WORST security, and by far the WORST customer service i have ever experienced. You'd think if a person were to be robbed in their hotel after gambling thousands of dollars on their tables and spending obscene amounts of money in their clubs and bars they'd show some type of remorse for our loss but they did not even comp us a single buffet. The only thing they actually gave us was a 30 minute extension on our check out for having to fill out our forms. WTF is that?!?!? All together upwards of $4000.00 in CASH and my girlfriends $1000.00 purse were stolen from us and i have yet to hear back from my multiple calls and inquiries. DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO BE SAFE. Imagine a stranger gaining entry into your room while you're sound asleep, going through all your stuff, stealing everything you hold dear to you, and not receiving any type of comfort from the supposed 5 star hotel that claims to be the best in Vegas. In my eyes they are by far the worst and i will never spend a single cent in their casino again, much less step foot into it. Again, if you want to be robbed and given the run around by the people that are suppose to be helping you out go to the shitty ass Wynn. If you want to be safe and secure, go elsewhere.
3	We were staying at the Venetian and heard the Wynn had the best buffet in town (thanks Fromer's!) We decided we had to check it out. The hotel itself is beautiful, it rivals the Bellagio for general decoration and it's a great place to walk. Jaw dropping decorations, gorgeous little oasis in the front, just wonderfully done. Then there was the buffet. It was ok. They got us through the line quickly enough and the food was decent. The desserts are what made it worthwhile. Tons of mouthwatering concoctions with little shot glasses for sampling.But the service really didn't match expectations for the hotel. I waited forever for someone to take my drink order. And when our soft drinks did arrive my water tasted like Clorox. Like, exactly how Clorox smells. It was disgusting. I asked for another glass and the waiter tried to sell me a bottle of water. And my husband's lemonade also tasted like Clorox. I was shocked. I didn't experience that anywhere else in Vegas. And with as much as this hotel must have cost to build, it was a complete contrast. I also waited an extraordinary amount of time for my chocolate coffee. Just bizarre. Really expected Venetian level service at the Wynn and got worse than a Denny's.
2	So my friend ended up getting a few free nights at the Wynn.  We're typically Venetian patrons, but its free so we figured what the hell, let's do it up.  We arrive and as we're checking in (2 guys, 2 girls), we pull off the the trusty old room upgrade gambit with a $40 tip.  The front desk guy gave us a wink and told us he'd take care of us with a romance package.  So we head up to our room feeling pretty good about it, and walk in to find a regular room puzzled by what he meant.  There was nothing out of the slight ordinary to suggest any romantic additions at all.  Not a single thing, not even robes.  Hell, even the Venetian leaves chocolates on your bed and a dim overhead light illuminating the bed with their regular turn down service -- none of that here.  Yes, Venetian has more romance offered on any given day than what I could make of this.The room has 2 full sized beds.  Nope, not queen -- full beds.  Even Holiday Inn has queens.  Come on, Wynn, are you even trying?  It's okay, we'll request a roll-away and make due.  But I guess for the basic room we were in, they don't offer roll-aways because it violates fire code?  Room service was impressively bad except for the fries, which is pretty hard to screw up.  My friend couldn't finish a basic BLT sandwich even with her drunken appetite.The girls that were with us thought we were just being super anal about everything because we couldn't stop making comparisons to the Venetian.  However, we ended up spending our last night in the Venetian and the Venetian converted them to fans with their rooms, food, and service within a couple of hours.  Then even they started echoing most of our Wynn criticisms.  Even though the rooms were free, it would have been more worth it to pay to stay at the Venetian.They do have quite an awesome ice machine though, like seriously legit.
1	Seriously.  Go across the street to the Palazzo or Venetian.I stayed at the Palazzo for one night and wanted to try the Wynn because of the reputation, but it pales in comparison.The rooms are much smaller, the decor is outdated, the lobby not as open and welcoming.I got my room refunded and skipped back over to the Palazzo.
4	The Wynn is a classy joint. Go there with someone to impress them. The ambiance is great, the rooms have giant floor-to-ceiling windows, the staff is friendly and the restaurants are phenomenal - at least the fine ones are. First off, the staff is VERY friendly. Especially the guy who brought my girlfriend and I breakfast every morning. He asked how my stay was while he set the little table in the room. This guy had experience. From his movements to his small talk, he knew "service." Second, the fine dining is great. Alex is a terrific CLASSY and EXPENSIVE restaurant. Yet, the Wynn has one all-night diner but its menu becomes severely limited late at night. It sucked. So, their fine dining is great, but their drunk munchies blow. Third, the cocktail waitresses are hot! 'Nuff said. If you're playin' slots, they'll come by and serve it up. They came by a few times, but not a TON.Fourth, we saw La Reve - a phenomenal show - at the Wynn. I highly recommend it. Fifth, it's Vegas baby! This was my first stay ever in Vegas so I don't have much to compare. My [college] friends have said that, if you're goin' with a group of dudes, get a cheap place and stay up all night. Don't waste your money on expensive tables and hotel amenities, spend it on booze and cheap tables. Thus, that's why I said this place is to impress someone and may not be the best for the dudes lookin' to party it up.
2	Really....?  You dont allow strollers in the hotel? Oh my mistake, YOU DONT ALLOW PEOPLE WHO ARENT STAYING AT YOUR HOTEL TO USE STROLLERS IN YOUR HOTEL!  HOW LAME CAN YOU BE? I come in to eat at your buffet with my family and friends and you have this stupid rule?  The only hotel in Vegas that does this... Im disappointed...
3	Dear Mr. Wynn,Thank you for taking all of my money. You lured me in with a special rate for labor day weekend at only $120 a night along with a $50 room credit, and I came excited to partake in staying at the famous Wynn. I arrived at your hotel to see beautiful decor and a nice marbled area with lots of (presumably fake) trees and Christmas lights. The different color umbrellas hanging from the ceiling are an interesting touch. I now see that these decorations were all a ploy to bedazzle and put me in a dream like state. Once in my Vegas trance, I would make up for all my savings on the hotel room and then some by losing at your high minimum $25 Blackjack tables. Well played Wynn. Well played.-DannyP.S. While your rooms were extremely spacious, I was very disappointed in your full size beds. I was lucky to sleep in one on my own, but my friend and her fiance did not seem very comfortable crammed into their bed.
5	LOVE this hotel.  It's so new, grand, and just fabulous.  The only thing I don't like is that it's pretty far at the end of the strip.  Walking to the middle is kind of a long trek.  The pool is awesome too, great music, and the service is excellent.  I have nothing bad to say about this hotel.
4	The hotel is beautiful and I love walking around and admiring the flowers and decor. It is definitely out of my price range.The only reason we went there was to sign up for their player club card and get  the $10 free slot play. The slot play was fun-I spend like 3 hours or so playing the penny poker and left with $10 in my pocket. So I was happy :)The location kind off sucks because it was a super long walk from our hotel Mandalay Bay.
3	So what sets a hotel/ casino appart from its rivals... Is it the beautiful and elegant interior, or the spectacular attractions... the food... well whatever it is to you, you'll probably not see so much distinctions between this hotel and the others.  I not saying I didn't enjoy my time, just that it offered nothing more or less than other hotels on the strip.  The only plus was the club XS which was amazing in interior and attendees.  I would not mind staying again at this place but If not, I would get over it.
4	It was the only Michelin 3-star hotel in Las Vegas. There must be a reason and must be a great reason. Most luxury hotels on the Strip are just duplicates of famous landmarks. But Wynn has its own mind. Wynn looks pale from outside. When walking inside, from the lobby to the room, from the paisley pattern carpet to marshmallow-soft sofas and chairs, from Wynn's personal art collection to Desert Bambu's bath amenities, everything distinguishes Wynn from other luxury hotels. This place is full of contemporary decorations softened by aesthetic touches. I had to admit, it deserved all Michelin's stars. So will I pay to stay here? The answer is.. No... Why? x: Registration service was very slow and inefficient. Several hours wait before getting the room. xx: Room is nice but smaller than suite I could get for less money in the neighboring Palazzo and Venetian. xxx: It's located on far end of the Strip, isolated from other hotels/ casinos xxxx: Spa service was mediocre. So was its buffet. But will I come back to visit here? Of course!!! *for enjoying a gracefully designed hotel *for great restaurants inside this hotel *for betting lucky money to win
5	I would give the room 4.5 stars - I was expecting much much more after staying at every hotel on the strip except Wynn/Encore. The room quality is about the same to the rooms at the Venetian. Actually if you think in terms of square footage, MGM Signature or Venetian will be a much better deal because you will either get a mini kitchen or living room area. Bathrooms are about the same...tub + shower separated.The bathtub here though did not have the jacuzzi feature like the rooms at the MGM signature do. The products were definitely very good - which makes sense since they are by Lather. They also have really nice towels and comfy beds. The furniture is very Vegas-like - plus chairs and soft, chic furniture. Overall, I still give this establishment 5 solid stars because I was able to stay in this hotel a full 24 hours without exiting which really impressed me- I'm usually never able to do that but Wynn designed this hotel very well though out. Every single dining area will have a view whether it's the pool, gardens, waterfalls, or golf area. There are endless dining options, 2 types of clubs, several shops, and many places to just grab a drink and lounge in. I don't think you can find another hotel on the strip that is this versatile, so 5 stars well earned, Wynn
5	I'm writing the review from my room at the Wynn. Have been here for about a week now and I can say with certainty that Wynn is still 5 stars.The economic crisis does not seem to have affected the Wynn in the least. The service is the same level as a year ago and there are very few signs that this is not a new hotel anymore. However, there are signs, which probably means that in my regular visit to Vegas a year from now I will not be staying here. Maybe the Encore. There's nothing like the perfection and the new-ness of  a brand new hotel.The only negative point which I noticed was the fact that the rule about strollers was not enforced. I saw strollers with annoying crying babies on more than three occasions. Given that parents with crying babies can go pretty much everywhere, I resent the fact that they managed to also break their way into Wynn. Shame.
1	If you'd like to wait in an hour long line to check in, and another hour long line to check out, this is the hotel for you. If enjoy being overcharged, ignored, and patronized, or if you don't want to use of the pool due to private parties, this is place place for you.Those of you who travel frequently and know what good hotel service is will not be happy here. Avoid.
5	Yes I gave this hotel 5 stars without even staying in it!Why?1) Atmosphere is young & upbeat! So are the people.2) Less trashy people due to higher prices. Great crowed in general.3) Clean & less crowded casino - great music & better chances of winning!4) CLEAN!  Everywhere you go smells good!5) Less tacky! More modern, higher end design & classier over all.6) Nice clean & maintained rooms7) Less crowded.8) Servers in casino are actually young, looks good, smiles at you, and wear barely nothing9) Hotel staff is helpful.10) Great SPA & Restaurants.My other favorite hotels are Casar palace, Venetian & Bellagio.I would prefer the Wynn over the Venetian because:-The Venetian can get too crowded with curious tourists which is overwhelming.- Staff in the casino are uptight, not welcoming & sometimes rude!I would prefer the Wynn over the Caesar Palace because:- Unless you stay at their new buildings, you could end up in one of their older suites which stinks!- Casino is huge, dirty, smoky & average.- It's easy to get lost, place is huge & overwhelming.- It is insanely crowded with tourists who come to shop at the forum mall.I would prefer the Wynn over the Bellagio because:- The crowed at the Bellagio is way older, more snotty & can get pretentious. As a young guy, I never felt belong there & got  weired vibe at times, Although it is a good place to stay. SPA can be better.- Not much to do beside watching the fountain, although you don't have to be a guest for that...Yes the Wynn is at the outskirts of the strip but it is not that far at all.Wear your nice clothes & have a walk on the strip or just drive wherever you need, you can valet for free in any hotel around.That's what I do anywhere I stay.Regarding Yasmin's 1 star review, I agree with her in general about her observation, yet wanna be's you have everywhere. including the venation, planet Hollywood etc..When choosing a place to stay you gotta work with what you have, if the choice is between white trash ghetto 'look at me I'm 250 pounds & wearing barely nothing' hotels, pretensions 'Planet Hollywood' like hotels or some sober mellower hotels like the Wynn. Let it be the Wynn then! Wannabe's are a social problem in general, it is not the Wynn's problem.Overall, if you got the budget, and some class, best bet is the Wynn.Yalla bye!
5	You always win at the Wynn, best spot on the strip (hotel and clubs) poolside blackjack, ohh yea
4	All I have to say is I like the Bellagio better.  The decor and layout isn't quite my vibe but it is non the less and awesome place to stay.  The bar is cool near the water fall, nice place for a scotch and cigar.  Place is very clean, rooms are sweet and the casino is nice.  This place has a more modern feel which I wasn't too hot on, but that's just personal taste.  Service was great, the gym is decent and spa area for after the work out is great.  I recommend staying here and they offer some great incentives $$ to stay there.  We went to look at UNLV for our son in July and it was really cheap for a place like this.  The pool area is clean and beautiful.
5	This place is as good as it gets.  We called at all times of night and day and morning and they delivered everything from food, water, benadryl, sleep eye covers, tooth brushes...i realize this is their job, but the way in which is was done, the quickness, the pleasant people involved was above and beyond expectation.  Room was insane too...you get what you pay for here and more.
4	4 stars because I haven't stayed here yet haha.I went to Vegas with a professional club at my school to get private tours of the hotels. We didn't get one of the Wynn, but it is beautiful and clearly superior to all the other hotels we visited such as Bellagio, Caesar's Palace and M Resort. Steve Wynn knows how to build and run a hotel. The decor and the atmosphere is just beyond amazing. It's clean and classy even the casino, and I don't find casinos classy at all. To me, they're dirty, disgusting and full of smoke (but hell I would love to gamble when I'm of age).I definitely plan on staying here next time I come to Vegas. The other hotels on the strip don't even compare.
4	Loved the decor and loved the friendly dealers. I don't play black jack that often, but I enjoyed my 2 hours at the table and walked away with money to cover my 2 night hotel stay (at Monte Carlo).
5	I love staying at The Wynn.  The rooms are spacious, smartly decorated in a comfortable, subtly elegant style, but most definitely not W-ish.  They even put a piece of art in the water closet.  Very comfy beds for the 4 hours of sleep a night that you're going to get.  Remote controls for the window shades.The amenities... the spa at the Wynn is on par with the Canyon Ranch Spa.  Great facility!  The pool area has a more intimate feel to it, yet accommodates the huge crowd of guests.  Yes they have the European style tanning pool too, but you should expect to see a few drunk girls desperate for attention taking advantage of that freedom to get guys to buy them drinks.  I reviewed a couple of the restaurants; SW Steakhouse is a winner, the Terrace Pointe Cafe is some place to skip.  Try Stratta Cafe next to the sports book too, great for a late snack. The staff at The Wynn go the extra mile and really make the difference.  In comparison to The Palazzo, you just feel like they will go that extra mile to make sure you have a great stay.  Even at the nightclubs, they move you right to the front of the line with a flash of the room key.Are there any downers to The Wynn?  The Terrace Pointe Cafe, which I mentioned is one.  I think they could do a better job on the coffee stand as well.
5	Luxury! The only 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in and one of the only 5 star, 5 diamond hotels in the country!++Checked in at 2:30pm, a half hour early with no problems. +Location is quiet but pretty close to the rest of the South Strip. +Deuce bus stops right across the street on Las Vegas Blvd. +Beautiful, tasteful, & luxurious decor and atmosphere. +Connected to Encore, another beautiful hotel which is also owned by Steve Wynn. +I had an Executive Suite room- Very large room, beautiful view, large windows. +2 bathrooms in Executive Suite. +Separate entrance, lobby, and pools for Tower Suites guests. +Free coffee in the morning. +Free local newspaper in the morning. +Very comforable bed. +2 bathrooms, each has a television in them!+Amazing lighting in the suite. +Love all of the large mirrors in the room, and all around the hotel. +Amazing buffet downstairs. +Like the water fall in the front. +Love that the hotel,  unlike other Vegas hotels. was built from the inside out. +Very nice & accommodating staff.  +Free water whenever you want. +Brought a refrigerator to the room. +Really great casino in the lobby. +Love the bathtub/jacuzzi in my suite!+Remote controls for the window shades. +Very good lighting in the room. +Huge television with full cable in my suite. +Received 50% off Tower Suite by just using my American Express. +Received free gambling money after 100 points. (Spin the wheel!)+I like that the room key is the gambling key too. +5 or 6 pools that are magnificent. One of my favorite parts of the hotel!+Spa/fitness center was really nice, although $30. +Entire building and room was very clean. +Maids were very sweet. --Closest monorail station is at Harrah's. -I was told that the pools are open until 6pm, but all of a sudden, they close at 5pm, coincidentally the day I got there!-Pool opens late at 9am. -Our rental car got a flat tire in their parking lot. -A little too stuffy, yet elegant.
4	we didn't stay at the wynn but next time i'm in LV we definitely will... hung out at the sports book saturday watching the UF/GA game drinking some bud lites... great atmosphere... lots of college football fans and even some fellow gators... we spent sunday again at the sports book watching the 4th quarter of the dolphins/jets game... way more people on sundays watching the nfl games... we celebrated the dolphin win at one of their bars (adjacent the water wall)... the bar reminded me of a russian theme with their trinkets and decorations... it was a great comfortable bar where we enjoyed drink after drink and enjoyed a nice cigar... really cool bartenders there too... shout out to rodney, PD, and rick at the wynn...  h-100...
4	Room at Wynn Encore: Beautiful. Great size (mini-suite), comfy bed, nice seating area with a view of the golf course, and bath products smelled great too. Only thing I noticed was the door was thin...so the noise level was higher than we would like. Buffet: Weekday lunch was only $22ish, and I thought the quality was better than Bellagio! They had great salads--4-5 different types and it was all fresh. Water, iced tea and lemonade are included. Cappuccino is $5, and alcohol of course is extra as well. Service was prompt and courteous, so no complaints there! Typical stations: salad, cheese station, soups, prime rib, lamb, pork loin (carving), seafood, sushi (spicy tuna hand roll, California roll, and veggie roll), ceviche, dim sum, and a LOT of dessert (gelato, pastries, cakes, bread pudding, etc.) Here's the tip: go for lunch and not dinner, saves you money plus it's healthier (bec/ longer time to digest all the calories). Selection is not that different between the two anyways.
5	The Wynn is one of the best hotels in Vegas. I should know, I grew up there. The food is impeccable, rooms are luxurious, spa is amazing and the crowd is much better than the rest of the strip. If you're going to Vegas, stay here or Encore and get into the Tower Suites, sure it's a few extra bucks but it's worth it. This place is first class all the way, Steve Wynn is the man.
1	I was so disappointed with my stay! They gave me a dirty room so they moved me to another "upraded" room for the trouble. They charged my credit card $2000.00 and even produced an altered receipt saying I authorized it! Beware they are crooks! Also just for your own information check out bbb.org and check out there record before deciding to stay here!
3	A beautiful resort that leaves nothing to the imagination and takes service to a new level... unless you're checking in, checking out or trying t figure out what to do for the evening.  The check-in and check-out process were very slow.  I stood in line at check-out, my liver still marinating in Martinis for the 6th day, and who did I see next to me but that crass yet funny head chef from "Top Chef" and he started saying what I was thinking, this place takes forever to check people in and out.  But that's not what the worst part of my experience was, we went to the concierge to ask about XS on a Sunday and the gentleman at the concierge desk said there was nothing they could do for us.  Not 5 minutes later we saw the lady in line at the concierge desk behind us and she began telling us how the same gentleman gave her a free pass when she asked about XS.  Apparently the concierge at the Wynn only helps you out if you have a couple of breasts.  Other than that, the room was nice, they cleaned the room well and they were prompt with towel and other room service.
5	Reasons why we love this place and why it will be our hotel of choice in Vegas:1.  The service is top-notch here.  Not sure if it's because we had a room in the Tower Suites or not, but the staff is very attentive here and always smiling.  We were upgraded from a one king-bed room to a 2 double-bed room without having to ask for it .  What a great way to start off the stay in Vegas!  Oh, just as a FYI, there are no ice machines in the Tower Suites, you will need to call front desk and a huge bucket of ice will be delivered to your room and set up all nicely.  If you want to check in for your flight and don't want to pay for Internet services, just ask the front desk, they'll check in and print the boarding pass for you. 2.  It smells so lovely...even the lobby in the reception area smelled so great!  My bf thought they used Febreze and a friend thought they used Glades plug-in.  Haha.  I thought it was more of a sweet scented candle.  I love the fact that it's not filled up with cigarette smoke, which usually makes my nose very itchy and my eyes watery, as is the case with many of the hotels.3.  The graceful design of both the Wynn and Encore buildings.  Look around the strip, how many hotels have the sleek, tall, curved building?  Only the Wynn and Encore (well Bellagio too but it's not as sleek)!4.  There's a private pool with the private entrance and complimentary fruits are served as you laze around enjoying the sun.  How fabulous is that!5.  Rooms are nicely decorated with huge mirrors in the hallway (very important for that one last check before heading out to the swanky restaurants and clubs!) and marble floor.  The floor-to-ceiling view of either the strip or the golf course is amazing.  It's even better when enjoyed on the 58th floor.6.  The extremely comfortable bed and pillows.  Best hotel bed I've ever slept on!
5	This is the best place I have ever stayed at hands down.  My suite at the Wynn on the 32nd floor of the resort was perfect.  It overlooked the golf course and the amenities were amazing.  Everything was worth it and the hotel staff was great.  As a result, I got some amazing sleep (electric blackout curtains are a must!).  My only gripe was the lack of an ice machine on our end of the resort.This place far outstrips any other hotel in gambling ($10 min craps even on Friday night outside of XS including fast complimentary drinks), food (Society Cafe), pools, and entertainment (XS, Tryst, & Blush).  I definitely wish I stayed and just got faded at the Encore pool instead of wasting time at the Tool Academy reject party at Tao Beach.  The adult pool at Encore is fun.  You can hop right out of the pool and gamble.  Towels and water bottles are provided poolside which is a great service for guests.  Don't expect topless at the European pool - its mostly plastic cougars milling about for guys on 'roids.  I'd also advise hanging out at the Wynn pool if you have a large group since there will be plenty of space for you.USEFUL: Go to the "Drug Store" - ask around... the small bags are $10 and the large ones are $50... j/p.  Anyway, the pharmaceutical-less "drug store" is a misnomer but it is what they call their little convenience store on the casino floor.  By the register they will have free passes to tryst, blush, and XS.  This will save you the stress, time and $ to get into any club there.Oh yeah, I also saw Tony Hawk with two slooters and a corona while we were checking out of the tower.  My g/f said "I don't think that's his wife."  I replied, "I don't think EITHER of them are."I'm funny.
5	Generally when I do Vegas, it's the Bellagio, Venetian, Palazzo or the Palms. This last trip was for business and I decided to try the Wynn. This was the best place I've ever stayed in Vegas! In fact, it's appropriate that it sits on the site of the old Desert Inn because the DI also had wonderful service. I think the Wynn has the best craps tables in Vegas and I've gone their before, but never stayed. The dealer's remember your name, pay you out correctly, give advice if you want it, and never laugh at the table when a 7 is rolled. My room was simple, large and elegant and had a wonderful view. This trip I got my Red Card as I plan to go back to the Wynn.
5	i still love staying here!!!!
3	It was easily the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Vegas by far. But for 250$ A night even in this economy??? I think that is a little high at the moment. I got a night free so I had to pay for the second night, otherwise I would have not stayed here. They charge you for the internet??? Are you serious?? at a place you pay 250 a night for? 14$ a day?? No way. I wont be back here again, but it is pretty. The buffet is good here, thats the only thing causing me to show up to the Wynn at all.
3	I've been to Vegas several times, always had a great time. I thought staying at the Wynn would be the best experience of all... It was good, but not great.Rooms aren't as impressive as the Venetian. The decor throughout is pretty garish - ok, so all of Vegas is like that, but the best hotels manage to make the excess feel tasteful. The Wynn does not. PROS - Amazing bed, decent-ish room. Very helpful staff.CONS - Our bathroom smelled of smoke, dreadful service at the salon, super expensive everything and not amazing quality. Overall - the hotel grew on me, but there's a bunch of places I'll go back to before I settle for the Wynn. Definitely not worth the price.
2	REVIEW IS FOR THE CASINO ONLYIt was a no win situation for us at the Wynn. The slot machines are money hungry man eaters. The only way that you'll get any money from here is if the machine is asking you for a 4 digit pin. The table games minimum are set pretty high, so if you are a serious gambler... bring your cash flow here.
5	It's pretty hard for me to give a hotel five stars, because for the most part I can always find something wrong with it, especially if it was hyped up. And hyped up the Wynn was for me. I asked many people about it and most of them said it was amazing but many people said they only went to the casino and not the hotel so I didn't really know what to expect.However, I had stayed at the Venetian and Palazzo and seen the inside of the nicer rooms at the Bellagio so I was not really prepared to be floored by the impressiveness that is Wynn. I suspect Encore would be much the same except perhaps slightly bigger but the Wynn was good enough for me. One of the things that I judge most hotels by is how thoughtful the designers were when they designed the rooms, bathrooms etc. Some places you don't have a choice because you know its a crappy hotel and you can't expect too much. But places like the Venetian and Palazzo even failed in some of the detailed thoughtfulness that went into creating the Wynn. It was as if somebody actually came in the room, lived here for a week, and said ... these are the things that REAL people need and now we need to design them into the room to make it functional AND luxurious. I love it! Everything from their showers and bath tiles to the beds and the flat screen TV's ... and I didn't even get a high floor either. Their pool is also equally amazing, I went there when it was 68 degrees and their pool was heated and their outdoor area was so beautiful. They have some of the best restaurants on the strip and everything is so accessible. When I stayed at the Wynn I didn't even want to leave; I've never felt this way about another hotel on the strip!I can only conclude with this that despite all the five stars I've stayed at, and all the other hotels in on the strip, and even the W in New York and the Westin in San Francisco ... the Wynn is quite possibly the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Ever.
4	I had been looking forward to staying at the Wynn for some time.  I make several trips to Las Vegas a year for work and I have stayed at many of the other casinos.  I had heard from many people that it was by far the best in Las Vegas.It is not the best, but it is pretty good.  The guest rooms are large.  They are laid out quite well.  My room gave me a great view down the strip.  The floor to ceiling windows is a nice touch.  The rooms are nicely appointed through out.The bathrooms are large.  I always enjoy the small flat screen television in the bathroom.  Several hotels do this now, but the television in my bathroom was loud enough for me to hear it while showering.  That simple fact made me happy.The reason I did not give the Wynn five stars is the choice of patterns and colors.  I find them quite tacky.  I know I am in the minority in this, but I find the decor at the Venetian & Palazzo quite nicer.  The carpet in the hallways is brutal.I am not a gambler so I can not say much to that.  There are several great food options.  Parking is easy.  I found a spot quickly and had a short walk to the guest room elevators.I have many friends that always go the cheap route and stay at scary places like Excalibur and Luxor.  Trust me on this.  Spend the extra money and stay at a good hotel/casino.  There are many to choose from.  Treat yourself to the Wynn, Venetian or Bellagio at least once.  Depending on your tastes one of those will be perfect for you.  I lean toward the Venetian, but Bellagio and Wynn are no slouches.
4	The Wynn is over the top. The hot pink color combo in our room was fun. I sure enjoy the details.Alex restaurant is 5 star experience The food was top notch and the service was amazing.   Thanks for a memerble weekend.
5	If I die.... bury me in the bathtub in my suite.  Our room was so beautiful overlooking the golf course and mountains  I turned in early, so I could take a nice hot bath in that heavenly bathroom with flatscreen TV.  Loved the cable selection in the bathroom.  The amenities in the bathroom were so fresh and sweet smelling, I went out and bought some Bambu supplies for my trip home.  What way to spend a load of $$$ for some well deserved R&R
3	I came here with my husband for a quick weekend getaway.  We had heard great things and were excited to get pampered.  The rooms are spacious and plush- the one big negative was that while we were supposedly on a non-smoking floor, our room REEKED of smoke.  When we called to complain, they just said "we can't control what the guests do in the rooms."  Turndown service needs to be specifically requested, and they forgot to clean our room one of the days.  Definitely not the level of service you would expect.  We did get a great rate the hotel itself is great.  But they definitely have some service kinks to work out.
5	The Wynn.  Quite an alluring name for a Las Vegas hotel and casino eh?  It's one of those "I want to stay there some time" hotels that I had never stayed at up until this past weekend. We were enticed with a letter offering a "buy one night, get two nights free" deal.  Three nights for $249? You betcha!  The room was very nice and immaculately spotless. The bathroom was just.....WOW!  Huge. Marble everything. It offered an oversized shower with separate tub, huge vanity, and built in TV for SportsCenter viewing while showering.  It gets no better than that.  Hotel service was good, but aside from checking in and out, we didn't need any assistance so I can't offer much there.  Speedy valet service had our Bently (not really, we took the Maybach) to us within a couple minute wait. A phenomenal vacation was had there.  Looking forward to going back. How about another buy 2 get 1 free offer please? Even without that offer, I'd stay there again and pay full price for that room. Two thumbs up!
4	Stayed at the Wynn recently and was very pleased. Check in was a breeze and was asked if I'd like a strip view or golf course view. Chose the golf course and turned out great. Mountains in the distance, etc. Room was very nice. Electronically controlled curtains, 2 bottles of water, chocolates and robes and slippers placed at your bed in the evenings. Bathroom was large and had its own TV and telephone. Nice glass enclosed shower and large tub. Bed was one of those that you hate to get out of with the nice linens and comfy pillows. Artwork was a little weird. Andy Warhol stuff that seemed a little bit like it should be at the Luxor instead of the Wynn but who the hell cares about artwork. haha  Security was tight getting to and from elevators but friendly. You have to meet your prostitute downstairs and bring her up. Damn!! 5 star hotel and I cant chill in my robe. :)  Great overall experience and would stay again to be centrally located on the strip with a nice casino and great sportsbook.
5	I stayed at the Wynn's Tower Suites over a weekend in December.  Before this visit, i didn't even know what the TS were, but i am sure glad i found out.  the Wynn Tower Suites (there's also a Tower Suites at the Encore) is like a mini hotel within a hotel, or a resort within a resort. The Tower Suites have a private drop off, check in and concierge.  going from the taxi to your room no longer involves a walk through the casino.  that is a very nice touch.  the entrance to the TS is impressive, tall ceilings, natural light, fish ponds.  the table limits were lower than i expected.  10 dollar craps and blackjack could be found.  the restaurants on premises are spectacular and the service is top notch.the room was big, the bathroom oversized, with two sinks.  the robes were fantastic, the amenities great.  overall one of the best hotel experiences of my life.  i highly recommend staying at the Wynn Tower Suites.
5	I love this hotel. Everything about our 4 night stay was fantastic.Checking in was a snap and there is not a huge distance from the registration to the room elevators. Lovely entryway with trees lit up. Almost surreal. The lighting on all of the Wynn attractions is superb. Especially the waterfall shows by Daniel Boulud.We snagged a resort room on Hotwire for $117 per night and figured what the hell. A few bucks more than other places, and no resort fee sold us on this property.The room is a deep copper color and very calming. The bathroom was totally sweet! A separate glass shower and a seat by the vanity for doing whatever, like maybe watching TV right in the bathroom because you can!Beds were wonderful though the pillow selection is weird. One hugely long and wide one, and on big cylinder one. The flat screen swivels off the wall and is big.Wynn is at the north end of the main strip which is nice because you're still close to other things like the Palazzo, Venetian, Belagio, etc. but far enough away to keep most from just wandering through. I assumed most of the people gambling were staying at the Wynn since it was cold as shit outside and no one had jackets.We spent a bunch of time gambling here and had great cocktail waitresses boozing us up non-stop. I think it's the classiest crowd of any casino.The buffet wasn't anything great, but Daniel Boulud rocked my socks off. 40oz ribeye for two with bone marrow and mashed potatoes! Do it!They also have a rapid roulette game here which we played for a long time. If you can get a good deal here go for it! Probably not worth the standard 160-170 a night, but if you can snag a room for under 130 go for it!
5	I believe that Steve Wynn has built the best hotel in the United States.The entire resort embodies its creator's vision of the ultimate customer experience with a cohesion I've seen rarely elsewhere (http://www.yelp.com/biz/stein-eriksen-lodge-park-city#hrid:O_GVVbu59qFDCD3vEHgEsA) but not anywhere else in LV.Whether keynoting a summit in the colossal conference room or just playing a few hands of cards, you drink in the master craft of its benevolent dictator.The rooms are plush, serene and immaculate, with skyscraping views of the Strip (or, I assume, of the golf course). Flatscreens in the bathroom...make sense. Steve's dulcet tones patter on the promotional loop that plays on the default TV channel, reminding you of what you may have already been planning: not leaving the hotel all weekend.For a delicious brunch in pacific environs, skip the buffet and head over to The Country Club (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-country-club-wynn-resorts-las-vegas#hrid:zbtka9quuzhPpjS2Y2xQuQ). For dinner, don't bother with Wing Lei (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wing-lei-las-vegas#hrid:fF3mroYchfPbJhXUrctqcw), but try Daniel Boulud for Daniel and Steve's take on tacky Michelin-star LV dining.Wynn's upscale vibe makes for a serene and subdued poolside scene. For more of a party, try the Palms (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pool-and-bungalow-at-the-palms-las-vegas#hrid:IO81A3lvBVTZERTiKOaQAw), Rehab, Moorea Beach, or Wet Republic.Tryst (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tryst-las-vegas#hrid:-OARYKzNnnuLcOGVdoUS6g) and its sister club XS (http://www.yelp.com/biz/xs-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:MGuQOG2pBQRBEWcxt1oIow) are the nicest nightclubs I've experienced. Rumor has it Cy Waits has turned the former into the world's highest-grossing nightclub per sq ft. Of course, Victor Drai's immaculate concept(ion) is a helpful starting point :)Take a late flight home and spend Sunday afternoon at the spa (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spa-at-wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:PDsxTepKc2Dkk2AEng9KEg)Visit now while the debt's still trading at 50 cents on the dollar and the rooms are too!
5	This review is for the Cake Room at the Wynn.If you are staying at the Wynn and are celebrating an event (e.g. anniversary), you may want to consider having a custom cake created by the Cake Room at the Wynn. Last August, my husband and I celebrated our first year anniversary at the Wynn and I wanted to have a top-tier 6" cake created for our anniversary dinner. The total price was $69 ($50 for the cake and an additional $19 for the gum paste orchids). It didn't take long to order (I put the order two weeks prior to our arrival) and the catering supervisor taking my order was very accommodating and helpful.I had no clue what the cake would look like. It was a custom design that I had envisioned in my dreams. When it arrived at our dinner table, it was completely amazing. Even my husband was in awe (see photos).The Cake Room at the Wynn made our first anniversary memorable. I highly recommend them since they've done such a great job and their work is amazing.
3	Okay - the design is beautiful and if I ever come back to Vegas it would be the only hotel I would stay it.  For a Vegas hotel, it is soothing, the air is fairly smoke-free and the views from the large windows facing the golf course in the Wynn tower are gorgeous.  The rooms are beautiful and elegant with high quality bedding and an amazing bathroom.  The shower and large tub are like having an in room spa.  The separate water closet also adds to the elegance.The pool is perfectly heated and well staffed.  Short comings:1) Breakfast room service said it would be 40 minutes and it arrived after 1.5 hours on a day my boyfriend was speaking at the CES conference and it threw off the entire schedule.  If room service had said that it would take an hour and a half, at least we could have worked around it.  I called over 4-5 fives times and they kept saying it was just about here but it wasn't.  They took off the $5 delivery fee.2) We had used all our towels the evening before and needed towels for the morning.  I called housekeeping at 8 am and they said they'd be right up.  Over 2 hours later with no towels, I called again and housekeeping had no idea that I had even called.  Housekeeping sounded out of it.  Running out of time, I called the front desk to speak to a manager and ended up propping the door open with the pile of used towels and running down the hall in my robe to find a housekeeper who generously gave me the needed towels.  Just as we were climbing into the shower, housekeeping showed up with more towels.3) I decided this could all be avoided if we had had turn down service where they refresh towels.  So, on day 2 I called at 8:00am to request turn down service that evening and they said we were all set.  I called again at 5:00pm to confirm that we were all set and they said they had us down.  We got back to the room at 9:40pm - I was looking forward to the neat room and chocolates on the bed...and the room was just as we left it with NO turn down service.  I called housekeeping and they said they had no record of our request.  They seem apathetic.  Either understaffed, under-supported with technology or they don't care.  I called the general manager for a second time that day and they showed up within 10 minutes.  The manager also helped us get into a restaurant out of courtesy for the delays.Conclusion:  For a place that puts this much effort into beauty and service and charges $9 for a water, I expect them to keep their agreements and follow through on what they say and offer.  As I said before, it is the one hotel I feel is good for someone like me who neither smokes nor gambles and is fairly quiet, but their room service and housekeeping get a B and C- respectively.  Food and everything else is an A.Small improvement:  The pool is amazing and you can wear your robe down over your bathing suit.  Like many, I am going to rinse off and change into other clothes before heading back to my room versus walking back up in a wet bathing suit with my robe over it.  The tiny women's changing room is really lacking.  It has about 6 bathrooms with one handicap shower.  There was no wall unit with soap, shampoo or conditioner in the shower to get chlorine out of hair.  There were no towels in the locker room to dry off after the shower.  No bags for wet swimsuits (I had to wrap mine in paper towels) and no blow dryer.  It really was just a bathroom with a shower.  Women like to feel pampered and this did not do it.  I'd have been happy with some shampoo and conditioner and plastic bags.  But, the view.  We were on the 57th floor and the great view and elegant feel is worth coming back for.
5	We've been to some other hotel and casinos, but this is the best.These reviews say it all so I'll keep it short and sweet.Everything here has been fantastic. We would definitely come back! Rooms, restaurants, spa, casino, all 5/5.
5	Can I move in please?? This hotel is spectacular. The decor is top of the line in both the hotel rooms and the common areas. The service is fantastic, the food is great. Luxury baby!!
4	I spent a few nights in their Tower Suites, both in a regular room and in a giant suite (friend's 30th). The newness of everything is definitely a plus and the views from the upper floors are killer. Rooms are appointed as you'd expect ... flat screens, stylish furnishings (though not over the top), nice showers (waterfall head in the big suite), soaking tubs, automated curtains, etc. I was a little bummed that there wasn't some sort of legit sound system in the large suite (only a little iPod dock). Service wasn't as intense as it typically is in high-end hotels (Four Season, St. Regis, etc), but was decent. They do provide almost everything you'd want to do in Vegas (gambling, lounges/clubs, gym, restaurants, spas), amusingly I think we left the compound once in 48 hours.
4	I don't know how I'm gonna stay anywhere else after being at the Wynn Las Vegas.  The rooms were beautiful and the whole place was clean and classy.  The buffet here was a disappointment, but the casino as well as the rooms were spectacular.  When I visited other Casinos, even the popular ones like the Venetian, I couldn't help but notice the difference between them and the Wynn.  Other casinos were dirty, dingy, and a lot less classy than the Wynn, by a wide margin.  The service here was top notch too.  Can't wait to return, we lived like Kings for the weekend and loved every minute!
5	Beautiful, clean resort in Vegas. The rooms are beautiful, great restaurants, clean and swanky ambiance. Definately check out the Spa and get a massage. I got the best massage ever here. We ate at the buffet which was good, and SW Steakhouse which was amazing.Will definately stay here again- we had a fabulous time!
4	4 out of 5 because of all the poseurs and pretentious douches... but it really is a super-nice hotel.While waiting for the papers on my new house to close, I found myself homeless and in need of lodging for over two weeks.  During that period, I burned through every low-end hotel in Vegas, trying to save a buck.  After suffering thru the indignities of the Artisan, Terrible's, the Gold Coast and even the Oasis (out in Mesquite), I ended up here at the Wynn for a couple nights of luxurious reprieve.  It was fabulous!  Magnificent view (floor-to-ceiling windows in every room), fabulously comfy bed, gorgeously appointed bathroom with full vanity area (us ladies like to have SPACE and LIGHT for our cosmetic ablutions), beautiful pool and grounds, great restaurants.  Every tiny little detail is in place, down to the most miniscule.  Definitely a classy place, and enjoyable even for a die-hard anti-snob like me.My only beefs: 1. the restaurants are ALWAYS booked full until around 10pm, unless you happen to impersonate a high roller, in which case they mysteriously find a table for you (I may have resorted to petty subterfuge, I admit).2. I accidentally left my Sonicare toothbrush in the room after checking out, and it was never returned, even though I called Hotel Security repeatedly over the next few days.  What kind of housekeeper wants somone's old toothbrush?!?!  Gross!!!3. There are an inordiante amount of stuck up nouveau-riche poseurs here... which depending on one's mood can be fascinating, amusing...or irritating.  Caveat Emptor!But all that being said, I've lived in Vegas and loitered on the Strip for 10 years now, and this is without question the nicest hotel.  The attention to detail is breathtaking.  All the plants are real (unlike the Palazzo, with its cheeseball atrium full of plastic shit), everything is immaculate, and service is nothing short of amazing.  Once I left my cell phone in the ladies' room -- I remembered two minutes later, went back to retrieve it, and it had already been found, logged by Security, and was bagged neatly, awaiting my return.  Nice!!
5	Spent my 26th birthday there. The room we got was freaking beautiful! I was impressed with everything!The room was all fancy, I was really impressed, I like how each floor has a different theme also.Classy rooms, flat screen, nice beds and the bathroom has a tub and shower stall. I dig it. I think this is by far my favorite hotel in Vegas.
5	This place is GORGEOUS!! One of the high-end hotels on the strip!I would rate this as one of the best hotels to stay at. Without a doubt, the decor of the room is sleek and clean. Everything is modern and top notch. Being one of the newer hotels on the strip- that is a given.  However, that is not the only reason why I would rate this top 5 hotels to stay on the Vegas strip. Overall, you can get the best experience of Las Vegas within the walls of this hotel. Decor: Elegant with different decor schemes throughout the hotel. Shows: Le Reve, one of the hottest show in Vegas. Buffet: $50.00 for dinner buffet (high quality food)Nightclubs: Hottest & cleanest nightclub on the strip. Tryst & XS.Not to mention other amenities such as pools, country club, spas, etc.  The only con is location. If you plan on taking the taxi down the strip to the Mandalay Bay, the taxi ride can be a grip.
4	The Wynn is currently at the top of my list of the best hotels in Vegas. I've been writing reviews for hotels in Vegas recently, and the Wynn stands out.My stay was excellent. Upon entering my room, I had to just stand there and take the scene in. The room was decorated lavishly. Everything about it just worked. The bathrooms were luxurious. The beds were luxurious. The room was excellent. Period.I definitely want to come back whenever I'm in Vegas, especially to try the much raved about Wynn Buffet. So far though, the Wynn is overall a really great hotel.
5	My first time in Las Vegas was spent at the Wynn. Well, not the whole time, of course. The hotel is beautiful! The staff, helpful and not snooty. While we didn't gamble there, the casino floor was busy and the players were having fun. The air system seemed to keep the smoky smell at bay for the most part. Our room was clean, very comfortable and large. The appointments were first rate and chic. The view, decent, for Vegas I expect. But the windows were suprisingly dirty. Though I may not have noticed had I not be trying to take a photo through them at night. If that is all I have to complain about then I guess I shouldn't complain at all. The pool, while too chilly for me, was Bee-utiful! And the wait staff attentive but not overly so.  My day spent poolside was one of the best of the trip.Highly recommend you stay here or at the Encore (equally gorgeous). We were able to get a temendous discount which made the stay all the more agreeable.
5	Bed, service, spa, casino all perfect. Plus the clubs are pretty good.  On this trip I went to the bellagio and the palms, both of which used to be cool, and the Wynn was far nicer than both in most ways.  I also checked out the Encore (at Wynn) and it looked nicer - definitely newer and "younger" (in a good way).  I'd suggest staying there instead, although the regular Wynn is great.  The spa & treatments are amazing.  The gym is great but its $30 if you dont go to the spa.  The buffet kind of sucks in my opinion.  The dealers were the best I've had in any casino probably and that includes a lot, in a lot of different cities and countries.  Customer service is very good here.
5	It's been just over a week from my whirlwind Vegas vacation and I'm still dreaming about how comfortable the bed was in the Wynn Tower Suite I stayed in. First off, the view was incredible - especially on a clear day when you can see the rest of the strip. The room was incredibly modern. I loved the litle touches - a hair dryer in the room, a vanity, a giant jacuzzi tub and shower,  automatic curtains and a killer flat-screen TV. I almost forgot there was an  incredible casino below. Wifi costs around $13 bucks a day and room service in 24 hours (there are a lot of choices too). For only $60 extra for an upgrade, you may want to consider changing your room out to a Tower Suite when you arrive in Vegas. The experience is really a glorious one.For those of you not staying at the Wynn, treat yourself to a stroll around - the Wynn is not cheap - a single sushi meal cost me $75 for myself when dining at Okada, but the posh atmosphere must be experienced at least once while staying on the Strip.
3	Wynn is definitely one of the star attractions of modern Las Vegas. Having said that, maybe I expected too much from the hotel. In any case, by comparison, it does not live up to the glamour of Bellagio, the class of Caesar's Palace or the appeal of Mandalay Bay. Granted the rooms are annointed well, with full glass to ceiling mirrors, plush red and beige carpet, flat screen TVs and firm  and comfortable beds. The recess lights in the room and marble-floored bathrooms define luxury and comfort. But at the end of the day, there is nothing at the Wynn that is fresh or new. All the above hotels have been there and done that. The buffet at the Wynn is mediocre at best but that is a different review. Room service is expensive as can be expected, and the Cafe downstairs in the Casino, while making a mean breakfast bagel, is also expensive. Service is great as one can expect from a hotel of this caliber. My 4 stars is just based on the fact that this hotel is more expensive but the price is not justified.
5	we stayed at Room 2828.  it was one of the less expensive rooms at the Wynn...  the linen and bedding was plush and comfortable...  the toiletry was very nice and they leave my skin smooth and smelling good.the floor to ceiling windows looked out to the Wynn Golf Course and we can see all the way to the far away mountains...  we can watch moon rise at night and sun rise in the morning.  the view makes me feel far away from vegas even though we are smack right in the middle of it.since the three most popular nightclubs are at the Wynn, it is convenient to go clubbing and just go upstairs to freshen up or go to bed, heehee...
4	My cabbie on the way from the airport told me if you come to Vegas, you just HAVE to stay in the Wynn.  He was right [though I didn't get a chance to check out  the Encore].  The room was great, bedding comfortable, and the bathroom was awesome-- come on, there's a TV above the sink, how could I not love that?!  I liked the aesthetic of the hotel in general.  Aside from the lobby and the casino area, the theme is pretty modern and chic-- perhaps not as 'glamorous' as the other hotels on the strip but in my mind, the Wynn is just classier.  I visited the spa which, although overpriced, was excellent.    My one complaint about the Wynn has to do with the pool.  By about 1 PM every day, nearly 75% of the pool is in shade.  Like, no sun at all for the rest of the day.  It was totally frustrating to have to move 15 times just to find some sun (and most of the chairs were full by the time we wanted to move anyway).  You would think that architects would construct the pool in a way that would optimize sun time.  It's a shame because the pool itself is gorgeous, it just became such a chore to move so I could get my tan on.
5	Have stayed here on countless occasions, but if you ever get the chance stay in a Villa.....We spent a week in one of Villas and had a great time...they also have their own private pools and massage rooms and an amazing view of the golf course...one might forget that they're in Vegas. Encore is really nice too
4	This really is a luxury hotel and the decor takes Vegas to a new level.. one that is less gawdy and tacky...  the decor is more modern and yet extremely whimsical.. take a tour, even if you are not staying at the hotel..  make it a point to do a walk through and stop at Parasol Up/Down for a drink..  Daniel Bouloud for a meal... or just enjoy the general casino area..  The rooms are sweet..
5	Wynn is the pinnacle of Las Vegas hotels.  From the moment you walk inside your surrounded by an affluent host of shops, service, dining, and shopping.  The entire hotel and casino from start to finish can only be described as mesmerizing.When you stay inside the hotel your treated like you were staying at a five star resort, which, is why this is a five star resort.  Anyone can tell you after staying in one of the Wynn rooms, they are special.  From your standard suite to the Tower and Penthouse suites this place is upscale and magical.Restaurants are all exceptional and the showrooms and shows are only matched by maybe one or two properties on the strip.  When you really think about the other properties like Bellagio or Caesars and make a comparison, Wynn, delivers on all fronts and doesn't seem to lack in an area.
5	LOVE this place. Super whimsical and modern at the same time. Expect to see people dressed to the nines at this place. Awesome restaurants as well, and the service was above and beyond. A+
5	Five amazing stars. I will never stay anywhere else in Vegas again. The Wynn is absolutely the best place I've ever stayed in Vegas. Superb. It's amazing and actually classy! Which is quite the feat for Vegas. Don't get me wrong, it's still over the top but each piece of decor is perfectly suited and well appointed. I also love that the hotel is non smoking except for the casino floor. The rooms here are amazing. Our room was gorgeous and huge! Floor to ceiling windows with curtains that open at the touch of a button. The room was beautifully decorated as well. Steve Wynn is a huge art collector and you can tell because through his hotel are beautiful artful touches. The bathroom in our room was almost as big as our apartment. The shower is large but the tub is HUGE and there are his and hers sinks. The service at the hotel is spectacular especially if you play at the casino. Overall a great experience! Do not stay anywhere else, The Wynn is the place to be.
5	Beautiful Hotel and Casino.The room is large and windows are floor to ceiling with curtains with remote. Large LCD tv in the room and a small one in the bathroom.The casino is beautiful washed in red. I was told that it's red because the Asian color for luck is red.The stores are very high end with the prices to match. Love the show Le Reve it was wonderful.Restaurants are pure indulgence.Loved taking a walk through Penske Wynn Ferrari dealership inside the Casino.
5	Along with Encore, one of the best decorated hotels in Vegas. I stayed in the regular King room here. Nice sized bedroom. The restroom has a bathtub with a stand up shower.  There is a tv in the restroom also. The casino has such vibrant colors, it makes you happy! I didn't win much money here which was a bummer, but I really really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I would definitely stay here again. The pool at this hotel was more relaxed and chill. Tryst is located at the Wynn. Very nice club with a huge fountain by the dancefloor. Not close to as big as XS, but certainly as nice for a smaller club.
5	By far my absolute favorite hotel in Las Vegas. If you have the money go to the Wynn! I like it better than the Bellagio, no joke. Everything about the Wynn just screams CLASSY.The Decor is gorgeous. The Shopping is great. The restaurants are killer. Le Reve is a Great show. If you go to Vegas and stay at the Wynn,  you never really have to leave. They have everything. The high end suites are to die for. They have living room, kitchen, bar, separate bathroom and all decorated in plush reds.  I will seriously have a hard time trying out other Vegas hotels now that I have experienced the Wynn.
5	I try to stay at the Wynn whenever I go to Vegas.  Hotels that I have visited:  Stratosphere, Mandalay Bay, The Venetian, Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Treasure Island, Encore, and Wynn.  Out of those places, my favorite is the Wynn for their excellent FAST service, decor, restaurants, casino floor, and staff.  I was comped three nights there with a $150.00 resort credit, the best thing ever!  Rooms:I actually prefer Wynn's suites over Encore, to me it's just more simpler and serene.  Encore is more for groups, there's a living area, so your friends can stop by and hang out with you.  Att the Wynn, when I first walk into the foyer I feel like as if I am at home and I can jump into bed and look out the window at the beautiful strip.  If you get a chance to, you have to order room service for dinner and just take in everything and relax, then go party and gamble afterwards :-) I absolutely love their bathrooms!  The toilet is its own room which is a plus!  I love the shower head, it's like washing yourself underneath a waterfall :-).  The bedding and bed are so comfortable; you'd feel like you're sleeping on air.  Restaurants:The Buffet!  Is my second favorite from RIO's seafood buffet.  Wynn's buffet used to be my favorite, but since they had taken away their flan, I stopped going.There is a chinese restaurant at Encore, it's called Wasusu? I loved it!  I love the decor from the big booths, to how it is open so when you're eating you can also keep your eyes open to what's happening on the casino floor.  I would come here for lunch again.The Spa:Their spa is heaven!  I absolutely loved The Wynn's spa and I will definitely be coming there again.  If you do go, please make sure to arrive there at least 2 hours in advance so that you can take advantage of their spa amenities and then have your service.  Right when the elevator opens, you'll notice the difference in ambiance and their reception area is so welcoming.  I like to lounge around there for a few minutes and just relax while waiting for a friend.  Make sure to drink their teas and have some fruits :-).  My only regret was that I did not use the amenities enough last time I went, I had booked my appointment right away and didn't have time to enjoy the rest.  Ooo ladies, this is European style, but you can also wear a bathing suit of course.  I prefer going Euro ;-).  The Wynn Theatre:I'm very picky with my theatres and where I see my shows or concerts.  I hate The Staples Center or the Honda Center in California because the layout is NOT for concerts, sound just floats everywhere and you can't hear anything! ugghhh pet peeve....  Wynn's Theatre is not like that, you have the stage and the audience fans out, like how a theatre is suppose to be.  Their sound system is amazing, I saw Le Reve here and I absolutely loved it.  Such a different experience and no matter where you sit, the performers are not tiny, where you'd like binoculars.  Granted, I have seen all the Circus Du Soleil show, my favorite is "O", absolutely amazing!  The reason is, I love to swim and their show is just wonderful in the water.  Any Circus Du Soleil show would be great to see, just depends on your budget.Golf Course:Please please please, go visit the golf course!  It is awesome!!!I think that covers it!  Let me know if you guys have questions and I'll try to answer! ooo and my luck at the Wynn on the penny machine won me $500.00, so that was a bonus!
4	The Wynn is supposedly the ultimate Vegas hotel and casino. I got Bonnie and I two nights there for a birthday surprise, and I'm extremely happy I did. Unfortunately, being a high-end place, the table game limits were mostly set high, unless I felt like getting up at 3am to try my luck. I didn't. The hotel room had a gorgeous view of the golf course. (Grass that green in Vegas? How?) We were on the 27th floor and were checked in by a very helpful and friendly staff member. The lobby was packed, but we never once felt rushed to be checked in. Even their bag check, which held onto our luggage after we had checked out and still had some time before our flight, was super friendly and helpful. We never once felt like we *had* to tip, but were rewarded with many thanks when we did. It does lose a bit, though, due to the dearth of connectivity options. First of all, cell service in the room was practically non existant, for both Bonnie (T-Mobile) and I (Sprint). Internet access? $14 a DAY! Come on - luxury hotel. Include these kind of things, it really goes a long way towards not making your customers feel nickel and dimed. Their restaurants are decent - we only tried a handful, but if you're on a budget, you might want to eat somewhere else. Only one of them is rated less than $$$$ for price. More details on the eateries in separate reviews.
5	I wish there were some kind of annual Las Vegas Awards for stuff like "best hangover food", "worst valet" etc.  I would certainly give Wynn the award for "best urinal".  Why doesn't EVERY casino use those urinal absorbtion  pads to avoid the (hopefully) occasional splash on your nice suit pants?  I know the Hard Rock had them for a while but stopped...travesty.  Thank you, Steve Wynn, thank you for providing the best urinals in Vegas!!
5	My wife and I stayed at Wynn in March 2009 for five nights.  We don't gamble, but love seeing Vegas and all that is Vegas.  We booked our trip through Orbitz and paid the same for five nights at Wynn as we would have for five nights at the Mirage or similar.  Wynn is definitely for relaxation and not rowdy partying.  We greatly enjoyed lounging by the pool and the atmosphere was very relaxing.  The lack of kids made the place a lot quieter than other places we've stayed.  The food was good.  We managed to eat at Stratta, SW Steakhouse, Terrace Pointe Cafe, ZooZaCrackers, The Cafe at the Drugstore, and have room service.  All meals were good to great.  ZooZaCrackers was busy and the service was poor around midnight the evening we were there.  I believe it is the only place open for a late night meal.  The Cafe was a popular spot for breakfast.  Our room was large, around 640 ft^2, which is typical for a resort room at Wynn.  We were upgraded to a Strip view upon arrival.  The baths are nice with a full size tub, large glass shower, and double vanity.  There is also a small TV in the bath to watch while at the vanity.  All rooms have plasma TV's with HD channels.  We had a king size bed and the room still have enough width for a couch and ottoman, separate deck, and table and chairs.  Finises were nice and the room was always clean.  We enjoyed Wynn so much that we have booked another five nights early this summer.
5	Heavenly!!!I was there last weekend and once again it was amazing. Wynn by is one of my favorite place to stay at in Vegas (Bellagio is the other). The staff is amazing, the hotel is amazing, the service is amazing, the food is amazing and the gambling is great. Thank You
5	What really has not been already said about the Wynn?  My wife and I stayed for a night on the way to the Grand Canyon.  We found a ridiculous deal on Hotwire for about $120 for the night for a room with a view of the mountains to the West.  That deal combined with the quality of the sheets, gigantic flat screen, marble in the bathroom helps me justify giving the Wynn a top rating.
4	-one of my favorites hotels-love love love the red decors-totally Vegas VIP feelings
4	Spent last weekend here at the Wynn -- stayed in the tower suites, which is rated 5 star 5 diamond.im no expert (well, actually i am), but to have a 5 star 5 diamond rating there has to be turndown service every night and they must offer to fill your ice bucket -- both of which were missed on our first night stay.aside from that, i was pretty pleased with the wynn. could they have used a VIP area with refreshments similar to that of the Bellagio? yes...but the private pool partially makes up for that.i stayed in the premier suite or something like that, complete with a his and a hers bathroom, the most comfortable bed in the world, and ceiling to floor windows of the golf course. 900 square feet!!! i think thats larger than my apartment in nyc.overall, its a really well designed property on the north end of the strip so it isnt as hectic as if you stayed at say, the mirage. oh, and holla at shante (spelling?) who works the hertz car rental desk!
1	Wynn blew his budget on the hotel floor, which is amazing, but little was left over for their rooms. Their rooms are smallish, the furniture spare, and only 1 tv (lol this is Vegas). Colorful wall paint feigning opulence. Try the Venetian suites, way better mattress, lots of thick terry cloth towels, lots of marble stone, thicker carpet, 2 tvs (lol), split levels, a humongous L shaped couch to sleep more of your friends.But the Numero Uno reason for the 1 star? We stayed on 25th floor, golf course side, and we could hear BASS booming from club XS, their open "pool" club til 4:10AM. When I called their concierge, they said, yes it bothers some people. What the? So they know and they don't care cause they rather make money? Later Wynn.
5	most fabulous 5 star hotel in vegas! stayed here with my hubby for a friend's wedding and mini getaway for 4 nights & 5 days...our room was on the 38th floor if i remember it right, it has amazing views and state of the art equipments, i so love the bathroom, it's the size of a room already! great vanity for women... :) everything was so comfy esp the bed and the room service was awesome!!! would love to come back anytime!!!
5	Wynn has been my favorite hotel to stay at in all of my visits to Las Vegas.  Although the word "clean" probably isn't used too often to describe a Las Vegas casino, Wynn seemed extremely clean and fresh compared to the other hotels on the strip.  I realize a lot of that has to do with it being pretty new, but I think a lot of it was the atmosphere as well.  The buffet here is good (watch out for the bottomless mimosas in the morning...dangerous!), and I enjoyed Tryst as well...probably my favorite club in Vegas thus far.  Wynn also has some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in as well...I believe they actually sell the sheet/comforter/etc sets.I highly recommend staying here...my favorite hotel in Vegas.
4	Just got a loyalty email w/ a broken link, replied, got a useless form response. Minus one star.
4	I hate to say it (beacuse Steve Wynn is a royal jerk) but the Wynn is one of if not the most stunning and classy-looking hotels oh the Strip. No fakeskies frippery or a cast of characters wandering about (and I realize Wynn owns hotels that fit that description as well), just clean lines, artfuldesign without being overly ostentatious (at least by Vegas standards!). Also, it has arguably the best buffet brunch in Vegas.
3	Good looking hotel. Great service and you get an oversized room with an immaculate bathroom. Gripes: 1)The beds were not comfortable at all. I mean, they were a little stiff but for the price you pay? 2) $15 bucks each for watered down drinks at the bar. It's either that or they pour miniscule amount of alcohol.  3) Also you have to pay for WIFI. Geez, what's this, the 90's? C'mon now.
4	I am not a huge fan of the decor-colors used in the rooms here.  It's desert-themed with the oranges and reds and light blues sprinkled in, but I personally think that any sort of theme-y decorating beyond the "neutrals" is a poor long-term decision.  However, I understand we're in the desert, so it's probably appropriate.The separate bathtub is big enough for  two-person bath, but my only complaint is that they should give you a little botte of bubble bath to enjoy it with :)  I would gladly swap one of the many soaps for some bath suds!  The bath amenities are impressive, though.  They are the only place I have ever seen to offer up little bottles of hairspray *and* Q-tips (pet peeve of mine is when hotels don't have Q tips).  They also have nice shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, and toothbrushes.The bathroom is set up like a vanity with his-and-hers sinks and a seat in the middle to do makeup.  It has a side-room with the toilet so one can have privacy while someone else is getting ready in the bathroom.  The bathroom is very spacious and was my favorite part of the hotel room.The bedroom area had a small couch, a coffee table, a desk, and a kitchenette-dining-table.  It was crowded with furniture, definitely, but maneuverable.  The actual hotel/casino area was quite a sight.  I personally loved the casino at the Wynn best, and the restaurants were solid.  There was a cafe that serves REALLY delicious coffee in the morning (albeit at $4+ a pop for drip coffee!), and the choices for food and shopping were abundant.  The lobby area was decorated for christmas and thus had hanging balls and christmas trees everywhere.  Very beautiful.The concierge staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and we found their recommendations quite helpful.Something I didn't discover until the last day there - there is a shopping mall across the street (2 minute walk) if you want to do non-boutique shopping (like the high-priced things you find in the hotel boutiques).  If you are looking for a going-out outfit and think that there are no cheaper-places to shop at, you're wrong.  Walk outside, cross the street, and go to the large complex that has restaurants and many floors of "normal mall" shopping.  They also have a starbucks and a food court if you want to grab coffee/breakfast at non-Wynn-hotel-restaurant prices.
4	It has been 3 times now that i have had the brunch buffet and it almost feels like each time is better and better.This is a great place to eat.Steve Wynn you have done great job. The food is awsome, and the staff very courtiouse. I would love to see more meat cuts in the breakfast area. And keep the mimosas coming
5	Stayed at the Wynn Resort, once in June & again in August. Excellent rooms with great views, Red Cards for keys (which you use to accrue points at the casino), comfortable beds, double sinks, 42" LCDs you'll probably never turn on, service that makes you feel like royalty.I LOVE the Wynn. Also, the casinos are amongst the best on the strip for their delicious ("complimentary" if you're gambling but don't EVER forget to tip) cocktails with the good kind of alcohol. Their mojitos are delish, the mimosas use actual orange juice instead of the icky syrup you get at most other casinos. WIN!
5	So there's 580 other reviews besides mine and I'm sure the majority of them all say that Wynn is great.  I mean out of 580 reviews and the average rating is a 4.5 stars, obviously the place is phenomenal.  It's one of my favorite hotels.  It's simply beautiful.  There's no reason to write a long, detailed review.  This place is about as posh as it gets for Las Vegas.  My favorite experience at Wynn is their pool and these amazing snow cones they serve.  I don't know what's in them but they are yummy and get you totally buzzed.
5	$299 for 4 days, 3 nights.  That was the email they sent me and I quickly took them up on the offer.  No blackout dates, no "only Sunday thru Thursday" BS, just call and book.  The rooms are great.  Large and spacious with floor to ceiling windows.  We were on the 54th floor with a gorgeous view of the strip.  Gorgeous! The beds were as comfy as they come. Large flat panel swivel TV, a TV in the bathroom, double sink, etc. etc.   I could go on, but you know how this story goes. The pool is large and spacious.  No floating river, but I don't think that's what they were going for. Tons of cabanas that run you about $300-$400 per day, if you want to pay up front.  You can always talk to a casino host and see what deal they can get you.  The only minus, and a minor one at that, was that I could faintly hear the music from the club from my hotel room.  Yes, we were on the 54th floor, so I don't know how that could be possible, but it was.
2	Here is the thing about the Wynn: The lobby is great. Really fabulous- marble, inlaid decor, everything you'd expect from a top-notch vegas resort. The rooms? Pretty disappointing. We stayed in a basic room at the Wynn- I was intrigued that they brag about how the room took five years to design, but I think most of that time was spent at the craps tables, because there were some fairly shocking basic design flaws. First of all, the toilet part of the bathroom is dark, and paneled in dark wood. If you like the feeling that you are peeing in a 1970s closet, you're all  set here. There is no easy way to turn off the lights from the bed, which, I'm sorry, should be illegal.Rented a movie, which kept switching on and off- almost like a bandwidth overload was occurring. Quite infuriating, given the price tag. Small details overlooked: the towels were the roughest, oldest pieces of sandpaper I've ever encountered in a hotel, there is no coffee machine or even free water, no fridge- so forget about bringing home that leftover for later- and even the housekeeping was spotty. They forgot to remove used towels that were clearly left out for them every single day. You seem to get nickeled and dimed here quite a bit. Room service was polite, but the $20 continental breakfast fails to mention that you are getting miniature pastries, not full size ones. Don't let the minimalist zen packaging on the toiletries fool you either- check the ingredients on the same products in the gift shop- they are full of petrochemicals and parabens- very cheap ingredients.  I understand charging to use spa facilities, but asking someone to pay $20 a day for a run on the treadmill? Internet at $14 a day? Cheap!!Also, the pool is blocked from the sun after about 2 pm. Not a problem in August, I imagine, but it was the #1 complaint I heard on the elevators. These may seem like little details, but this is meant to be one of best hotels on the strip. If I was staying at a Ramada, I wouldn't complain, but at these prices, I expect a little luxury, or at least decent towels. I have stayed at the MGM Signature previously for about the same price, and was expecting the same quality- in almost every aspect, this place lacked the class, style and basic luxuries that place offered.That all said, the view was great, the grounds gorgeous, and the champagne brunch fantastic. Le Reve is the most incredible show on the planet, and I liked that valet parking was free. Also, don't miss the 25 cent wheel of fortune slots- they seem to hit regularly! I'll definitely back to visit the casino and hit the buffet, but I'm returning to the wonderful Signature next time.
5	Stayed here last week of March 2010. The service is UNREAL. The Wynn really hit a high in terms of service and attentiveness, and I travel a lot and have stayed at the Ritz Carlton many times. The Wynn blows every other hotel away.The hotel itself is beautiful, tons of expensive fresh flower displays, ridiculous designer fashion stores, amazing restaurants, the best pool on the strip. Really the Wynn has it all. I got a great rate here on expedia.com including a $75 resort credit that actually went a long way.I recommend you eat lunch outdoors at the Country Club, and try Sinatra at the Encore. The encore and wynn are connected by a convenient hallway.The most amazing thing about the rooms is their standard rooms are HUUUUGE. The bed is so comfortable, the views outstanding. The curtains block out ALL light..and we are talking vegas. The room becomes pitch black if you wish it to. The room has NO outside noise at all. Dead quiet if you want it to, or the air conditioning has a fan that can add white noise.The room has a large flat screen TV.The bathroom has a TV in it, a separate deep tub, a spacious shower with convenient shelf..and two sinks. The toilet area is enormous with a phone inside it. The entryway was a huge full length mirror..the closet space is gigantic.The only downside is there is no coffee in the room, the fridge can not be used for personal items.The casino itself is the classiest on the strip. The Wynn and Encore have some great nightclubs, lounges and bars. The buffet is really delicious, I had the breakfast Buffet.And one of my favorite things was the pool..so relaxing, you can get a beer brought straight to your chair. The water is a perfect temperature. Such amazing ambiance. All in all, one of the very best hotels I have ever stayed in, and the best hotel on the strip.
2	I stayed at the Wynn for four nights last week.  It was my first and last time staying at this hotel.  First off, it is a very beautiful and classy place with an awesome buffet.  However I think all this disguises the underlying problems this hotel has: convenience and a quiet night's stay.I go to Vegas often and have stayed at many different hotels on the strip including Encore.  Checking-in never took longer than 5 minutes at the other hotels except at the Wynn which took 40 minutes.  Yeah, ok it was busy but Vegas always is when there's a convention in town which is basically every day.The first night what I thought was the TI pirate show turned out to be the window panes hitting each other because of the wind.  Keep in mind it was not that windy.  It was more so just breezy.  I was wondering why I was hearing such loud noise every couple minutes.  You would think for such a ritsy, expensive hotel this wouldn't happen, but it's definitely the case at the Wynn and from what I remember the Encore as well.  Not a big deal if you are out all night partying.  But when you gotta get up early the next morning because you are on a business trip it's not a good thing.When it came time for me to leave and check-out they don't even have the convenience of checking out on the TV.  Anyways, I needed a statement copy so I went to registration to check-out.  Another 20 minutes wasted.  While I was waiting in line I overheard one of the workers tell a guest who was checking out that he was 13 minutes past check-out time.  Common now!  How dare he even say that to a guest and on top of that it was because the F@#$king line moved so damn slow!When it was finally my turn to check-out they messed up on my bill.  Turns out they never took down my credit card information, which I provided them when I checked in and charged everything to the saved company corporate card on file.  I told them all charges needed to be on my own credit card due to my company's policy.  She didn't understand or know what to do so she had to grab a coworker to help her out who also didn't understand the situation.  This is understandable because how can a confused person properly tell another what the situation was without confusing her?After some time they finally fixed the problem and I was out of there.  Never to return again.  I don't know if the convenience of quick checking-in and out is due to there computer system or just incompetence.  I don't care for finding out.  All I know is I completely discourage people from staying at this hotel.
5	An amazing place to stay. We got to stay in a panoramic view room on the 51st floor with a gorgeous view of the golf course.  The room was very spacious and gorgeous. The pool was magnificent. We got to lie in the sun and got served coffee and took a dip in the pool. We would've had a chance to eat at the cafe on the side of the pool, but we decided to wait for the buffet. There was a bar we went to with the waterfall next to it. I bought my wife a Malibu hurricane and myself a long island while lounging on the couches. We had a blast at club XS and Blush. We danced, drank some more alcohol, and really enjoyed the luxurious casino. It's not a cheap place to be so make sure you bring a good amount of spending money.  Service was very good and everyone was friendly - but it's like anything else, you get what you pay for.The WYNN located across the street of the fashion show mall, and very close the palazzo and treasure island. It does kinda seem located out far, but it's actually located much better than where we stayed before at the Mandalay Bay.  If you want to save some money during the stay and get some variety in eating go to the mall.  There's a convenient store inside the mall called ABC, we saved a few $$ and bought some drinks for the room. We so badly want to go here again!
4	We were on spring break and decided to try Wynn for the first time. Got 2 rooms for 3 nights and paid $108/night through hotwire, so pretty good deal. Our flight landed around 7pm and by the time we finished dinner and checked-in, it was 9pm. The hotel concierge said they might not have 2 rooms on the same floor, but we really wanted a connecting room. They offered us a room with a panoramic view on 57th floor for $25/night, but the rooms are still 2 doors away, so we didnt go for it. We ended up on the 19th floor, about 20 rooms apart from each other. When we got into our room, the curtains were wide open with a spectacular view of the strip. We were in the double bed room... the room wasn't too big, but roomy enough. The bathroom was very nice. I especially love the built-in night light. :)The first night was horrible, it was so noisy in the middle of the night (around 4am) that sounded like someones doing some construction work 2 floors down. I peeked from the curtain and saw a police van on with some cops and some other men around the van, not sure if they're handcuffed. I didn't get back to sleep.... lots of tossing and turning. :(The next morning, we decided to try our luck to see if the hotel would be willing to transfer us to a connecting room. When we got to the hotel registration, the lady told us that their computer has a note saying that we've requested for a connecting room and they'll give that to us when it becomes available by 4pm. Nice! We were pleasantly surprised cuz when I checked-in the previous night, the concierge didn't mention that they'll do this for us.We got back to the hotel around 3pm and packed up for the "relocation." But when we got to the registration, they told us no connecting rooms are available yet, but should have it ready by 7pm. But my mom knows for a fact that the two rooms next to theirs checked out this morning at 8am. So she talked to the manager and sure enough, those rooms are ready. So after going back and forth, we finally settled into our new connecting rooms. One rooms was with one king sized bed and the other was with 2 double beds. The room with one king sized bed was roomier, of course. The rest of the set-up was the same. Too bad the weather was abnormal and was on the cold size so they didn't get to swim in one of their spacious pools, but they're just as happy taking a bubble bath in the spacious bath tub!We've stayed in Venetian and Bellagio the last two times we visited Vegas. I still love Bellagio's lobby the most... we always visit Bellagio each time we come to Vegas just because of the different exhibits showcasing different seasons throughout the year. The rooms in Bellagio was a bit too small though. Room-wise, Venetian hands down has the nicest room and bathroom... actually, they're all suite. It's truly luxurious! And you can sleep at least 6 people comfortably cuz it's got 2 double (queen sized) beds and 1 sofa pull out bed. But I don't care too much for the victorina style, so not a huge fan of Venetian.
5	56th floor, overlooking the golf course.....uh what more do I need to say? HAHA. Bathrooms are friggen' huge, LOVE THAT. But do I really need a TV in my bathroom? Even the restaurants in the hotel are amazing!
5	One of my favorite casinos/hotels in Vegas. Hubby's, too.They have rooms with two different colors: red/orange and beige/brown. I've stayed in both, and I like how bright and colorful the red/orange room is, but I personally prefer the beige/brown.Even though it's at the end of the strip, I like the location because I usually don't travel past Bellagio (don't really see much of a point, seeing as how my favorite places are between Wynn and Bellagio).
5	This review is for the poker room, only.Overall, I would say this room is my favorite to play cards in. The room is pretty spacious and open and doesn't feel cramped (like the Bellagio). It's easy to railbird as the entire front of the room is open. Although it's exposed, the poker room is far enough removed from the casino that the annoying sounds (e.g. slot machines) are non-existent. The chairs are nice and the tables are top-notch as well (they do lack drink holders, however).The room spreads a good range of limits, starting with $4/$8 limit and $1/$3 no limit for Hold'em and going quickly up from there. They also spread Omaha, but the limits are a bit higher.The clientele is a little more upscale than most of the casinos. Which, most of the time, means that the players are a little better behaved; the exception seems to occur during late night sessions when the booze has been flowing. But, often, the people make the game and I can easily say that some of my best poker playing memories in Vegas have been courtesy of this room and its players. On the lower limits, the level of play is pretty amateurish, provided you don't have a ton of locals at your table. Playing correctly will often yield some nice payouts. Additionally, you can expect to see a lot of the poker celebrities in the room.The dealers there are all top notch. There are very few misdeals (the only exception I've experienced to date was when one of the floor hands filled in to deal early in the morning, but I'm not sure if that counts because I don't think he normally dealt). The dealers are also very friendly and will joke with the players when appropriate. Overall, the room is well run and the staff is very accommodating (I got comp'd and front of the line passes for our group to the buffet twice during this last trip to Vegas).The waitresses are some of the most attractive on the strip and serve up top shelf alcohols. I highly recommend the strawberry Julius (also available in pineapple and orange), which is made fresh (not from a mix). I'm not a coffee drinker, but I thought it was pretty cool that instead of sugar, they supply you with a stirrer covered in rock candy when ordering coffee. Ironically, service is spotty when the room is not filled to capacity.
5	We stayed at Encore, but frequented the poker room here at the Wynn. We had originally planned on going next door to the Venetian's room, but after checking this place out we found no need to go any further. First of all the staff is great- friendly, attentive, great service. This is from every dealer, every server, and the room managers. They have a great daily tourny ($120 buy in, 10k chips, 30 min blinds) that gets a decent draw, though not nearly as big as Venetian's. They have a good variety of cash games from 1-3 and 2-5 and up. Drinks were always readily available. The atmosphere is comfortable and cozy. We have found our poker destination!
4	The room and bathroom are huge! I love the big bathtub too. The pool area is also amazing because the swimming pool is huge. The drinks were a bit too pricey and the poolside service was slow. I will definitely be staying here for now on though.
4	My BFF was in town so we decided to leave husbands and kids behind and spend a night on the strip. We were able to get an amazing rate on a room at the Wynn. The room was wondeful. It overlooked the pool and golf course. It was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was awesome! The lemon body wash and lotion smelled so good we wanted to eat it. We ordered a snack from room service before we went out and it was delicious! We had an excellent time. The only negative thing was that I left my phone charger in the room when we checked out. I called their lost and found and they said they would look into it and get back to me. It has been five days now and no one has gotten back to me on it.
5	This place is everything I dreamed it would be. Decadence at it's finest. Do it, you know you want to stay there...
4	I came here last year in September for my littlo baby boy toy's bday. This youngin' was turning 24 and i felt like a cougar. I needed a place to come celebrate without looking like a cougar, and VEGAS WAS THE PERFECT PLACE! The Wynn is amazing. Seriously breathtaking. The rooms are amazing. We stayed on the 60th floor and had city views. The reason why it gets 4 stars is because there was hair in the shower. We asked them twice to clean it and hoped that after leaving for a couple of hours it would be clean by the time we got back, but they didnt clean it. For the amount of money i was paying i expected better service. The rooms are so big and i loooove the bathrooms but my expectations were just not met. But overall my experience was great in Vegas and staying at the Wynn. Good place to come here and commit sin ;)
3	Me and my now husband decided to treat ourselves on our wedding night to a stay at the Wynn. All I can say, is that it isn't what the hype says it is. I think its rather overpriced for what you get. We upgraded ourselves as a treat and although we got a corner room and the views were amazing, the room itself wasn't anything special and the bathroom stunk of smoke. Plus, the hair salon there ruined my hair and I had to get them to bring me up some curling tongs to fix things myself (this was all quite an ordeal for me being that it was my wedding night and i had no girlfriends or family to fuss over me!). They got the orders wrong for some flowers that my parents had ordered to arrive in the room before we did, which didn't happen. Admittedly they eventually sent 2 lots by accident, but things like this should be spot on for the type of hotel they claim to be and for the prices they charge. Stayed at the Venetian hotel previously and wished I had booked my stay there, the staff and rooms were well worth the money (which is cheaper than the the Wynn by the way).
5	I loved it here!! I was treated on a trip and stayed in a tower suite. The room was lovely, there was a large living area, a little dining area, a bar, bedroom, huge master bathroom, a half bathroom, and a massage room.  The view was amazing and the hotel staff were very attentive. All I know was that I was blown away. XS is also located inside and we had a blast at one of the upstairs tables there. I couldn't imagine going to Vegas and not staying here
1	If you take only one review into account before making your decision on where to go/stay in Las Vegas, make it this one:***AVOID AT ALL COSTS***BLATANT LIARS.  APPALLING SERVICE.  ATROCIOUS EXPERIENCE.Look at my other reviews and you'll see that I don't like spreading negativity.  In the event of a problem, I always give management the chance to resolve the issue prior to saying anything negative.  My time at the Wynn, but more importantly the followup with management in an attempt to correct the problems, was so bad I felt compelled to say something.  The experience was an embarrassment, but sometimes things go wrong: it happens even at the most polished establishment.What made me write this review was the response management gave when I informed them of the issue, something to the effect of:"Your business or lack thereof will not impact our quarterly profits."I suppose that's a polite way of telling your customers to go to hell.
4	Great place to wine, dine, stay and play.  I try to make it out to Vegas at least once every quarter.  Work hard, play hard.  The staff at the Wynn do things right.  You can't beat the location.  My wife loves the shops as well as the spa.  I can't wait to get back.  Great sized suites and you can't beat free.  You're sure to see a celebrity or two.  My wife and I have seen a few in our last couple trips.
5	I have stayed here several times. The place is incredible. They even have a small flat screen TV in the bathroom. The toiletries are very nice also. If you can get a room near the top floors the views are incredible. They really kiss your butt as they should based on the prices you pay but everything is really top shelf. My only complaints are that they charge hotel guests to go into the Ferrari Dealership which is worth the price of admission and I paid something like $500 for a round of golf at their golf course even though I was a guest there. Would I stay there again? Oh hell yeah. No riff raff, great service, great amenities, a real experience. I have always had  a really great time there.
1	so not impressed with this place.  We made our reservations back in February.  We received a call telling us that unfortunately they won't be honoring our reservation due to the fact they have over sold.  They weren't over sold when they took our reservation and deposit, but now we are screwed.  We lose our airfare and show tickets if we do take what they are cramming down our throats.  Must be nice to be have a 5 star rating.  They reminded me of this 4 times during the call where they were telling me I was screwed and I should be happy with what they are giving me.
2	The Pros: Pretty flower balls when you walk in. Nice pool area, but when we're in Vegas, we never go to the pool. Room service food was excellent.The Cons:NOISE. I couldn't sleep at the Wynn. This place is all about appearances. It LOOKS nice when you walk in, but it's poorly insulated. Our room shook every time our neighbors closed their door and it sounded like they were slamming it. Compared to our stays at the Aria, Bellagio, MGM - you can hear a pin drop. The other major noise issue was the wind. Silly, I know, but the wind outside was so loud I could NOT sleep. The Wynn told us it was their "windy season" and the desk lady commented she's a heavy sleeper so it doesn't bother her. I am a light sleeper, but my husband is an incredibly heavy sleeper and the wind and door slamming woke him up too. I've stayed at top floors in many Vegas hotels - I've never been kept awake by the wind whistling. I think the Wynn is just poorly insulated! GAMBLING SUCKS. Again, I'm used to MGM with a seemingly endless amount of tables to choose from. The casino is rather small and the table minimums are high. During the day, you will be hard-pressed to find more than one table under a $25 minimum. It's even difficult to find many tables to choose from in the $25 range. The table minimum is no problem for my husband, but I don't like to bet that high. The MGM allows me to bet lower and he can bet as high as he wants. We were there with a big group for a birthday this time, and this was a huge problem since most people were not wanting to bet that high during the day. MGM and Aria are much more accommodating to a group.LOCATION. Again, I prefer the excellent location at MGM and Aria. When we want to venture out of the hotel, we've found it to be easy to walk to a ton of nearby casinos. The Wynn was not convenient for us. It's walking distance to Treasure Island? blech.The Wynn is all about appearances and it falls so far short of the mark I can't imagine ever returning. Most importantly, I didn't sleep for 3 days because of the noise issues with this hotel. Don't believe that just because you're spending a small fortune to stay here you're going to get luxury. You're not.
4	Loved the room.Service was pretty crappy.  When I ask the bellboy to tell me what days Le Reve is playing inside the Wynn, you should know.  It took him 3 minutes to find out, with a cheat sheet that he couldn't read.  Hotel operators should sound more polished on the phone.  I ain't calling a Pac Sun store.  Hotel's beautiful.
5	B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L! this place has a great location on the strip with good room views. always lively, great nightlife, and staff throughout make everyone feel like mini celeb. To be fair, everything in here is expensive, like an 18 martini and high limit tables.
3	No doorman @ the Tower suites. Kinda weird when u have a lot of luggage. Our room was not ready at 3.  Check in is at 3. We could have had a smoking room but Jason, the indifferent front desk clerk, promised us 2 non smoking rooms if we waited. 3 hrs later our rooms r  ready and they are smoking rooms with ashtrays. Fumed I called the front desk and they told me there was nothing they could do. They had no more rooms. I asked to speak to a manager & she promptly found us 2 nice non smoking rooms. & who closes their pool at 7p in 80 degree weather??? Not coming back. I hear Aria and Mandarin r amazing!
5	I am certain that the Wynn has jostle potential to disappoint and frankly, the staff has an attitude that suggests that I am luck to be served by them.  That said, I have love love loved my two stays here.Rooms are beautiful.Service is attentive, albeit smug.The property is well thought out.I could go without the Steve Wynn infomercial on the large LCD plasma, but. He does have a great vision.I'd happy stay again...
1	The Wynn sucks. My husband and I went for a 3 night getaway and were highly disappointed. The staff was so useless and at times even rude. I have stayed in dozens of hotels in Vegas and never had such bad service. They must not treat their employees well is all I can say. We were actually booked months in advance at the Encore but when we showed up mysteriously our reservation had been booked under a double bed room at the Wynn. Why would a married couple book a double bed room? What are we Lucy and Ricky? I think they just got busy and gave our room away. Since the Encore was now completely full the only option we had was to stay at the Wynn. Everything was overpriced. We got a $16 cup of room service coffee, no free wi-fi Internet, hotel guests have to pay $35 to use the fitness room. We wanted to get some spa treatments and for some reason "the computer" wasn't letting them book the appointments at the same time, even though there were plenty of spots available. Instead of trying to resolve the problem for us the staff just said well you'll have to go at different times. Can anyone think outside of the box here??? Seriously at $90 for a pedicure you'd think they could figure out how to make it work. I finally asked for a manager and presto they solved the issue. Total lack of customer service. The spa looked like it was designed for 87 yr old ladies with blue hair. The plus side of our stay was the room. It was really nice. Large room overlooking the strip view and a giant bathroom with a large soaking tub. The pool was nice too but get down there early to save yourself a lounge chair. We saw the Circ du Soleil show, Le Reve, and that was really great. I wouldn't spend any time in the casino there or stay at the hotel again. Was such a downer.
2	surprised that it wasn't nicer. expecting it to be on a par w/ the bellagio but it wasn't. no coffee makers in the room (what a real pain) and a very plastic feeling casino. the people that work there seemed to be unfriendly or unhappy, either way they were not that nice or accommodating
4	Beautiful Executive suite, great dining. Great experience overall. Only wish they had live jazz music nightly and a smoke-free casino section. Totally spoiled Vegas for us. Can't stay in anything less opulent now.
5	just stayed here with my son-in-law, had to share a room and he snores oh well.  we saw the show la Reve very beautiful but a bit load.  Amazing acrobatics and the hotel is beautiful.
4	Wynn by far is one of the most beautiful hotels on the Las Vegas strip. The interior and exterior of this hotel is gorgeous and very appealing to the eye. The interior colors are colorful but not overwhelming. There are bright reds and orange splashed onto some walls and the carpet color offsets the brightness of the walls. There's an escalator area with some cute and cool looking umbrellas hanging down the ceiling. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/t-o_Sraneime4DDhWrQRBA?select=1eQczCEWdT8n1ok-tj9BRg In the middle of the hotel is a "tree area." I've seen this beautifully decorated during the holiday season and I've also seen it without the holiday lights. Either way it is beautiful. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/t-o_Sraneime4DDhWrQRBA?select=7WKW7Hi_R1jR33uVEgIoUA Outside one of the popular photo opp places for visitors is the waterfalls. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/t-o_Sraneime4DDhWrQRBA?select=1eQczCEWdT8n1ok-tj9BRg This is a very beautiful sight too :). Wynn has a cool shopping area too with some high end, classy stores. I did a review of the Chanel store awhile back. Oh I also love how the parking structure tells you how many spots are left on each level of the parking lot. Granted this technology can be seen in many places but it was here at the Wynn that I first saw it. Wynn is adjacent to Encore. I actually ended up not knowing I was already in Encore because these two casinos/hotels are literally adjacent. Yay Wynn! :)
5	We've stayed here numerous times and we've loved every experience!Parking is average, Valet is OK. Front desk was such a delight, they ask if you need any information as far as places to eat, visit, etc. We head to the elevators and there's someone that checks for room keys, which kinda makes no sense when your players card is your room key so anyone with a players card can walk up there and say that they're staying there. Swimming pool is gorgeous. I've stayed at many hotels and this is one of my favorites.The room was nice, the bed was AMAZING and I loved the high ceilings. My Mom was with us the last time that we we were there and it was her first time that she stayed on that side of the strip, her and my Pop usually stay at the MGM, and she loved it. I liked the faucet in the bath tub, it was like a waterfall.The only thing that she, and I, weren't fans of were the slot machines, THEY NEVER PAID! After donating enough to pay for a night's stay at the Wynn on the WEEKEND, we went else where to play.We didn't really eat anywhere at the hotel/casino so I can't comment on that....I love this hotel and if I ever decide that I'd like to stay on the strip then this would be my top choice!
4	Wynn is my favorite hotel to stay at. It's a bit expensive, but the perks you get are great. You're conveniently located to some of the best clubs (Tryst and XS), and you also get specials to the club if you stay at the hotel. The hotel is extremely clean. The only thing they lack is a security guard at the elevators. In the late night, you have no idea who might creep up into your room (not that this happened). Otherwise, it's the best location/cleanest place to stay - stakes are a bit higher than other hotels (no surprise there).
5	Just got back from a very relaxing vacation at the Wynn.  Loved the hotel.  It's absolutely beautiful inside.  From the fresh flowers everywhere to the intricately tiled marble floors.  Stayed in a corner room and had two large windows that overlooked the strip.  Amazing view, especially at night.  We ate at several restaurants in the Wynn and were equally impressed.  We also saw Le Reve and was blown away.  It's my new favorite show in Vegas.  It's almost as if Steve Wynn watched "O" and said let's make something 10x better.  We spent most of day at the pool which was very nice.  Sun and shade options.  We got great tans! Delicious fruity cocktails poolside.  I will definitely be back!
5	They've ruined it for me! I don't think I can enjoy staying anywhere else (for now)...the panoramic views...breathtaking..the asian rain scent that engages you is so addicting that I had to buy their stock (at the home store: you can purcahse everything you love at the hotel there...pillows included)...the Le Reve theatre made me feel like I am a VIP...My bff stayed at Encore but I love the place with the 'last name' much better. The pool area is clean...even with the toasty, overly tanned pervs lurking around lol jk...nothing beats gambling outside :) I may rent a cabana next time. The most beautiful hotel in Vegas by far...I guarantee you won't smell like cigarette smoke unless you're the one smoking. If you would like to be spoiled...stay here...you deserve it!
5	This is our favorite place to stay in Las Vegas! If you want to check out the nightlife reach out to @RobertJMontero (Blush) or @davefogg (DJ for Tryst & XS Nightclub). Of course @wynnlasvegas is very, very responsive. Best manicure available on the strip! Plus all the original art - it's like staying in a museum with world class customer service from all the Wynn employees.
3	This hotel could of received the 5 stars if I stayed for a night. Arrived at 1:30am on a Memorial day weekend as I checked in am told that they were completely booked but would check with the on duty manager since they saw I pre-paid for 3 nights, after approx. 20mins. which seem as 2hrs. due to my antsy 9mo. old boy I start to become impatient manager comes out tells me that they thought I wouldn't be coming for the first night and my room was given out but they were going to place me for the night in the only room available a Villa allegedly the biggest of the 5000 rooms over 2000sq.ft. with its own private pools etc... The villa was gorgeous 3 bathrooms, steam bath, massage room, living room, bar, jacuzzi, private heated pool, and other amenities all was good then. The following afternoon I was moved to another room and when I arrived there it wasn't as I requested, so I had to wait a while longer to get another room available did I mention with an infant, finally was taken to the correct room located on the 33rd floor with an excellent view of the golf course not bad untill night came that's when I was truly disappointed I could hear the music from the bottom level night club the XS, as night falls they turn a pool area into a club is nice except the  that I could cleary hear the music in my room on the 33rd floor. That was not expected due to been one of the newest high end hotels on the strip is real lamentable.
5	To sum up Wynn Las Vegas... you will be spoiled for life once you stay there! Hands down, my favorite hotel in Vegas! Spectacular service, amazing decor and atmosphere, and fabulous restaurants! I cannot brag enough about this place! My  motto is "You can't pay for service anywhere that you get for free at the Wynn!" I could go on for hours, but you should really go and experience it for yourself!
1	Very beautiful hotel. Unfortunately, the staff is not as helpful. Granted, some people that we encountered (check-in staff, card dealers) were very nice. Overall, my experience at the Wynn was horrible.I stayed at the Wynn with a party of 10. We had five separate rooms all on the 15th floor. We had a number of issues during our stay, including a robbery in our room and a number of inconveniences.I checked in second, and the three remaining rooms checked in after me (as we were all arriving on different flights from different parts of the country). When my friend arrived, his room was not ready, and so he left his luggage with the concierge. When I met him, I offered to allow him to leave his luggage in my room until his room was ready. We went to the concierge and they would not give us his luggage (even though we had the ticket)! The policy is that you cannot take your own luggage from the concierge; you must go upstairs to your room and call for it to be delivered. The concierge assured me that if we went upstairs and called it would be brought right up. So, we go upstairs and call. I speak to the SAME woman when I called for the luggage and she told me there would be an HOUR wait for the luggage. She also said that we must remain in the room. What an inconvenience! I could have carried it upstairs myself! We decide not to wait and tell them we will call back at a later time. When we call back, we are told that it will be 20 minutes for them to deliver the luggage. I think this is a reasonable time because the hotel is huge and it takes 15 minutes to walk from the concierge to the room anyway. The luggage is delivered AN HR AND TEN MINUTES LATER! Almost a full hour later than they quoted!Another inconvenience included being comped buffets by a blackjack dealer. My friends and I sat at the same blackjack table for about 6 hrs. Two people in our party spent a significant amount of money at these tables and tipped the dealer well. They were each told that they were going to be comped 2 buffets and that they would show up on their room key. The next morning when we tried to go to the buffet, only 1 person was comped 2 meals. The other person was comped only 1 meal. Did anyone attempt to help us resolve this issue? No. Of course not. We had to walk all the way out to the concierge from the buffet and wait in line to get the matter resolved. For a 5-star hotel, they certainly don't make things easy on their guests (with comps and luggage delivery, at least!)Lastly and most importantly, our room was robbed the first night we were staying at the hotel. I checked into the room at 930am. We were out of the room for most of the morning and afternoon, and from about 6pm-midnight we were in and out. At this time, we had guests in our room from our party and for about an hour (while we were in the room) had the door ajar so that our guests could easily get in while we all sat chatting and no one would have to answer the door. Then from about midnight until 4am (when I returned to the room) no one was in the room and the door was locked. During this time, someone entered our room and stole 2 bags: 1 bag was a Longchamp weekender bag and the other was a laptop case. In the laptop case was a computer, a gps, and an ipod.We reported the missing items to security in the morning when we realized they were gone. They filed a report and provided my friend (who's longchamp luggage was stolen) a piece of luggage so that she could get home. After this encounter, it all went downhill. Later on that day, one of the people in my party was allowed into my room by hotel security (even though this person was a registered guest of another room in the hotel) and was not even asked to show ID or fill anything out. Security just let him right into my room and did not monitor what he was doing while inside. Granted, I would have allowed this person in my room myself, but SECURITY should not be so lax about who is allowed in rooms! Just because they knew that we had a large party, they let anyone that asks into my room? NO WONDER WE WERE ROBBED! I never told anyone from the hotel to allow this person into my room at any point over the weekend. They took it upon themselves to do so! When the Risk Management office opened on Monday (please explain to me why no one from risk management is available over the weekend when the CRUX of this business is vacation travelers?) our claim was denied. They said that we entered and exited the room too many times on Friday night. I was completely unaware that to be PROTECTED FROM THEFT, there is some little known limit to how many times you can enter and exit YOUR OWN ROOM! I WILL NEVER STAY AT THE WYNN AGAIN AND UNLESS YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT BEING ROBBED AND INCONVENIENCED, I SUGGEST YOU DON'T, EITHER!
3	Really, this should be 2 1/2 but I am feeling generous.I have walked through the Wynn many times and always admired how beautiful it is, so I was really looking forward to our week staying there and had high expectations. I do enjoy the aesthetics of the casino and shopping areas, although our resort room was entirely done in pinks so my husband felt like he was on vacation with Dame Edna. I would say the color scheme didn't take into consideration the comfort of most males, but I know my Grandma would love it! Our room was very clean and the maid service was very good. However, I can't say this was any better than any other LV hotel I have stayed at. So far every hotel room has been very clean and spacious. They all have flat screen TVs in the bedroom area and in the bathroom. They all have had great views, comfortable beds, lovely toiletries, and great bathrooms with double vanities and separated bathtub/shower. Wynn was in no way superior. There are a few downfalls w/ Wynn. During our week stay I went to the concierge desk twice to ask for assistance and both times the ladies acted like they just wanted me out of their face. Absolutely horrible customer service, and all I was doing was asking for recommendations. Wynn is very busy, there is always a crowd making it more of a chore to stroll around than a pleasure. Of course weekends in LV are always a madhouse, but even on a Tuesday afternoon the hotel was packed. Encore was a totally different story, so we would go over there for drinks and gambling - a much more comfortable atmosphere. If you are someone who is wanting to catch a few vagina flashes when the wasted girls fall down - hang out in the Wynn or Encore in the wee hours. Tryst and XS became the bane of my existence and seeing the types of girls hanging out around there makes me afraid to have children. While the behavior of club goers is not a reflection on the hotels, having the clubs in the locations they are within the hotels was a problem for hotel guests. We were on the 26th floor and could hear the music from Tryst until 5am. I will admit it didn't keep me up, but I would think if you are on floors 10 or less it would be an issue. My friend staying in Encore had the same problem with the XS music. It was all very Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan, which is just not my scene. And my experience at the salon was the WORST of my life, but I will save that story for the salon/spa review. I probably would not stay at Wynn again, although I would definitely consider staying at Encore. Encore felt more intimate. Both hotels are stunning and most definitely should be seen while in LV. And they both have some great dining options. I was just a bit let down as my expectations were very high.
5	2nd best room in Vegas to date--Red Rock Inn off the strip was my fav so far. Of course all pricey but rooms and service are good. Great for work conference. Little too nice if I was on a personal trip--rather to Hard Rock or something lower key if on my own dime.
5	I've never stayed in one of the rooms (can't afford it lol) but I've been inside the Wynn many times. You feel GLAMOROUS when you're in here.Le Reve is here, one of my favorite shows EVER.  Magnificent show on an advanced stage inside an exceptionally fine hotel. They also have 2 of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas: XS & Tryst.  Though it is towards the end of the strip, it doesn't stop people from coming b/c it is THE spot to have a good time in Vegas, don't forget to bring money!
5	Absolutely the best place to stay.  Was a huge fan of the Mirage when Mr. Wynn opened that.  My best memory strangely enough is  watching the cleaning staff up on the bamboo ceiling and wiping it clean. Today upon leaving I was reminded of that when I saw a staff member cleaning the top of the perfume store ceiling. The cleanliness of Mr Wynn's resorts are beyond compare and the feeling of calm and relaxation are only apparent in his resorts!  The food at the buffet FABULOUS!   The decor and atmosphere were great.  As a special treat for my father we took him to Sinatra as he is a big fan!Our waitress was delightful bringing us books and pictures to look at of Mr. Sinatra  the food again FABULOUS!  This was probably the most expensive dinner I have ever had but worth every penny Thank you!I think my most favorite thing, there are so many is the bed.  I do plan on buying some of the bedding.  What luxury!!!!!!!! Even though going to bed late every night falling into a cloud of pure delight and drifting off to sleep and waking so rested we were able to enjoy everyday to the fullest.The room so clean and fresh. The furniture beautiful and comfortable. Loved the auto curtains. We had a  refrigerator for my husbands medicine within minutes of our arrival. Thank you! I enjoyed all the fresh flower arrangements around the Hotel as I am a professional florist in the Bay Area of California. Beautifully done and wished I could work for Mr. Wynn in such a lovely place.I am also a mosaic artist and was so very impressed with all the mosaic art in the floors and walls of the cafe. Beautiful.I especially want to Thank Mr. Wynn and the staff of the Wynn for the fantastic offer we received to stay there.    It gave us one of the best experiences ever at a beautiful hotel and will tell all our friends and my customers who are looking for honeymoon ideas about the AWESOME week at the Wynn.
4	Overall, the Wynn was a nice, comfortable place to stay.  Everything is so expensive though!  Most high-end hotels offer free wi-fi or hot water for tea--not so with the Wynn.  Internet access is $14 a day, hot water service is $10 (and they kept taking the cart back even though we are allowed to keep it the entire stay).  I liked the pool at the Bellagio more--there are designated lap areas there and I don't remember there being the loud, ubiquitous, dance music playing all day long.  But it's a luxury hotel and the rooms are very clean, quiet, and spacious.  I used the spa at Encore ($40 a day) and that was the most beautiful spa I've been to yet.
5	we done did it big this time...we just stayed at the Fairway Villa on the 3rd floor overlooking the golf course.  We might as well have been the crew from the Hang Over coz I do not remember too much and have very incriminating pictures...but I digress.  Once we entered the Villa, our breathes where immediately taken away.  For 2500 a night, everything was well worth it.  We had 3 bedrooms, including a massage room (lord knows what happened in there).  Once we settled in we hung out on the balcony (huge btw) bumpin our dj quik and foesom through the our ipod (speakers where outside as well).  We where even able to watch some dvds while we listened from outside...the surround sound was nuts!!!...and there was basiclly a tv in every freakin room.  These rooms where so expensive that i don't think anyone else stayed on our floor.  This was the true vegas experience that I will never forget.  Perfect villa, perfect people to party with (btw, go check out Surrender at the encore...screw XS).  What else can I say?  You gotta do Vegas BIG at least one time in your life..don't come with a budget.  I think our ultimate goal is to live up the standards of the Hang Over.
4	Maybe because I'm such a moocher I get to experience the high-rolling life of my fazaa...I ALWAYS stay at the Wynn or the Venetian. Wynn and Encore wins hands down just for their services, their location away from the hubbaloo of the strip, their exclusive feel, their luxury feel and the clean rooms/hotel! I managed to get a suite for my birthday for half off! With that, the girls and I didn't even LEAVE the hotel - isn't that how its supposed to be? A resort - we used the spa, the gym, had pre-drinks at Blush only to go to XS then stumble back to the room (barefeet even, on the lush carpets) then back down again to play on their 25 cent slot machines. All the shopping? Well, all the window shopping I had to do in Vegas was their - Chanel, Dior, their boutiques with new Alexander Wang dresses, Oscar, etc.Back to what I think: If you're baller, then ball hard or go home. If you can afford a 50% discount (or mooch it off your fazaa and uncles and grandma etc) then DO IT. Split the suite with some friends. A luxurious get-away to a hotel that is all inclusive (not talking about the meals hurrr) is a good investment. For the weekend.
5	Mr. Wynn has a serious case of OCD and everything in his namesake hotel is evidence of this. From the Picasso's in the lobby to the ornate mosaic floors it is obvious everything in this place was handpicked for perfection. I don't think I would care to stay anywhere else in Las Vegas now that I had the chance to stay here (except MAYBE the Bellagio). Service was impeccable; rooms were HUGE and tasteful (even for the standard room); the views over the strip to the mountains were breathtaking and the whole place has an upscale vibe to it. The casino was classy and the drinks were served frequently, in glass stemware no less. Also, it thankfully lacked the usual frat boys, bachelor parties and drunk girls-gone-wild that so many of the cheaper hotels prominently feature. The buffet here was expensive at $35p/p but amazing and well worth it. Seriously, they had just about everything you could imagine. TG for the $100 resort the bf and I had as part of our package! Wing Lei, the Chinese restaurant off the casino, was also a good spot for lunch with warm service and above average food. Catch a package deal online and you can live the high-roller lifestyle without emptying your bank account. Also, after you stay there once, they continually send you offers in the mail to return for discounted rates.
5	I absolutely LOVE this hotel. I have been to Vegas many times by now & have stayed at various hotels. The Wynn is, by far, my absolute favorite hotel, ever, period! I've only stayed here once, in Jun 2009 (& only once b/c I've tried to stay @a different hotel each time I go to Vegas, which is 7x so far). But am definitely only staying here again next time I go to Vegas.Rooms were immaculately clean & neat. Beds were amazingly comfy. Floor-to-ceiling windows were an added plus, especially when in a Strip-view room (Mine actually overlooked the roof of something as I was only on the 8th floor, but I did manage to see some of the Strip! haha). I loved having his & her sinks & a vanity table AND a TV in the ginormous bathroom (Although I must admit it was pretty funny trying to watch the Yankee game from my shower only to have it steam up eventually & I couldn't see anything, hehe).In addition to the rooms, the service in this hotel is superb. Everyone was so nice & speedy, they totally more than earned every tip I gave them. Not one bit of snotty attitude that I've gotten at other (not as classy) hotels (*coughcough* Planet Hollywood *coughcough*).The pool is great, but gets packed quickly. Had to circle a bit til my friends & I found ourselves some lounge chairs. Also loved the fact that they allow European sunbathing (aka topless sunbathing) in the back-end of the pool.LOVE the Wynn!!
5	this place is swank. big, beautiful, clean and posh. the hotel room was awesome, bigger by a good margin than most standard rooms and the bathroom was very nice. I'm pretty sure this was one of their basic rooms too, but I was appropriately impressed by the personalization of the room (my name showed up on the phone and tv systems, which made me giddy) and the floor to ceiling panoramic windows made for a great view, especially from the 57th floor. even better, i had a great deal for the room though I would've been happy to pay more for the quality of the stay. we only had one small problem with the tv, that was more our fault than anything and they sent up a technician within minutes of our making a call about it. the casino area and shops are tops, though don't look for any super low limits there. excellent tables, chairs and service. I didn't get to check out any of the restaurants or clubs unfortunately, but the night scene was very active and eye-candy was everywhere.
4	Here's an update to my previous review:  We stayed at Wynn for the second time from 6/25-6/30 (Fri-Wed).  Had a room on the 31st floor overlooking the golf course on the backside of the hotel.  The only real annoying thing about this was that the club at Encore, XS, jammed their club techno music at full blast until around 4 AM.  It wasn't too loud or kept you up, just a minor annoyance.  I never heard Tryst during our stay in our strip side room.  I would also like to point out that our room cleaning was great this time, which made me recall that it wasn't that great last time.  Our room was promptly cleaned when we left every morning and was done quickly.  This was not the cast during our 2009 visit.  The hotel was much busier this time than it was during our March visit.  We again had a great time and didn't got fancy with dining this stay.  The old Sugar and Ice is now a pizza place and is quite tasty and Encore's Society Cafe is very good.  And for all of the stroller complaints on this site, I am glad that Wynn does not allow strollers.  Leave your kids at home.  This is Vegas.  There were kids everywhere in Vegas this trip.  Vegas is no place for kids.  Leave them at home - I did.  I don't want to deal with your kids and your strollers on my vacation.  So, Wynn is not a place for kids.  That is why I am grateful for the European pool.  Not for the topless women, but for the lack of kids.  I am done with other Vegas properties that cater to children.
2	I am a degenerate gambler and I have played in and stayed in every hotel in Las Vegas.  From the Circus Circus to Imperial Palace to the downtown hotels to the local casinos to the Venetian and Wynn.  One word in reference to the Wynn Hotel and Casino:  HYPEThey are hurting for business bigtime because they recently introduced a resort fee that is charged per night of stay.  They want to charge me to use the pool and WIFI?  LMAO!!!  What is the all the hype about this casino?  The food sucks.  The casino games are the same games found in any casino.  Do you guys really get excited by the architecture of the building?  Do you enjoy standing in a line of 100 people to get into a nightclub?  Do you guys enjoy being packed in a nightclub like a bunch of canned sardines?  If you are not getting your rooms comped, save your money and stay at a place like Treasure Island.   I am convinced that people stay here just to brag to their friends that they stayed at the Wynn.  Same type of suckers who go to those high end restaurants like that pathetic restaurant carnevino at Palazzo.  They just want to take pictures and upload it to their twitter/facebook and try to rub it in their friend's faces.  I get comped to eat these places and I never do.  The food sucks.  I prefer the food court on the casino floor at the Venetian.  Believe me, the cheeseburger or philly cheesesteak at the food court tastes better than anything that carnevino can produce.  A 5 dollar an hour employee makes better food than a 5 star chef in a 5 star restaurant.  Believe it.
2	It's a nice hotel and not crowded like the cheaper ones on the strip. I stayed in their Tower Suites which are supposed to be the high end. It would be more believable if there weren't 10-15min waits for the few elevators available. I would never stay there again for just that reason alone although the horrible attitude encountered at every restaurant and club didn't endear the place to me either. The bottom line is that you don't get what you pay for at the Wynn.
5	One of the most beautiful hotels!!The ambiance and atmosphere is great.Once you walk in you feel underdressed, even if you're dressed up, because everything around is soo beautiful. The casino is a great size, a lot of bars conveniently located around the area. There is a beautiful waterfall by the restaurant. Rooms are  h u g e!! We had a complimentary room, and for a free room it was the best one ever! You would think that hotels would give their ookay rooms as free rooms, and if this is the Wynn's version of an okay room, I wonder what their upgraded rooms look like!We had a room overlooking their s p e c t a c u l a r golf course!! It was beautiful! I don't golf a lot, but I would love to play a round of golf on that amazing looking green! You wouldn't think that you could find a golf course like that in the middle of the dessert on the Las Vegas Strip!The workers are really nice, and also very helpful. The place is really upscale, and thus everything is kept really nice. We even saw Dean Cane walking around! If it's good enough for Superman, it's good enough for me! :)
5	One of the BEST hotels in Vegas!  The staff, service, rooms, hotel, bars, casino, decor- everything is top notch at the Wynn.  The art work around the hotel, the beautiful columns throughout the hotel grounds, the gardens, the fountains- it's all beautiful.Each room has a great view, whether it's of the pool, golf course, over looking the strip or garden-- each room is great!!I really wish I could give the Wynn 10 stars for being so awesome.
5	VIP Comps every time I come. This is one of my favorite hotels on the strip. If you gamble, $25 minimum for every table in the casino. If you're poor don't bother trying to gamble here, you're better off at Hooters or Primm. The clubs at Encore are life changing and makes LA clubs look like a joke. This is definitely the place to be if your taking a vacation in Vegas. The pool is extravagant, the food is delicious, and the service is 6 stars. If you ever get the chance, this place is the where you want to go.
5	The Wynn is beautiful!The rooms are clean, nicely decorated and feature HUGE bathrooms.  The pools are sparkling clean and lovely, with good service.  Free water and fruits are passed around and you can order off their poolside menus.We upgraded to the Wynn Tower, which got us access to a second level of pools that weren't quite as crowded.I'd love to stay at the Wynn again!
5	Months ago I booked a deal with Encore. I had friends coming all the way from London and I knew I had to see them. The night I arrive, I get to Encore to check in and was told they were overbooked due to the Garth Brooks concert HOWEVER they were putting me in a tower suite in the Wynn instead. I had my little Beyonce moment "talk about LEMME UPGRADE YOU" This was perfect as my friends were all in the tower suites at the Wynn anyhow. Concierge guy at the Encore was so nice, he kept trying to find a suite on the same floor or at least same tower. He went on and on going over all the amenities, where to eat, private VIP pools, etc. Seriously, what great service. Housekeeping.... amazing. After 5 1/2 hours at my pool (with my friends chatting it up with a famous soccer player) I practically crawled back into my room thinking "IS THIS THE RIGHT ROOM!?" Housekeeping had turned the flatscreen out from the wall, left it on a screensaver with classical music, turn down service with robes, slippers, mints, and they even went as far as organizing my chaotically strewn makeup in the bathroom! YES THEY ORGANIZED MY MAKEUP FOR ME. They even so lovingly placed all my makeup brushes into a glass for me. Who does that!? Wynn does it all. I can't stay anywhere else.Garth Brooks - you can have a concert whenever Miss Susy C is in the house okay? I don't care.P.S. Added bonuses for being in the tower suites: our own separate valet entrance/exit. SO HANDY. No waiting in crazy lines full of drunk people for a cab. Plus, the area where you exit .. I don't know what to call it, it's almost like an atrium? It has thee most delicious scent ever. Every time I walked through it, I had to stop, close my eyes, and let the scent just fill my nostrils.. It smelled... like Jo Malone. That's the only way I can describe it.
5	THE best hotel on the strip.The Wynn is beautiful from the front desk to the view from the room. The service was great! My boyfriend and I booked for a panoramic view room with 2 double beds for us and his friends. However, when we checked in, the receptionist said our room only had a king sized bed and that it was their mistake and quickly made sure they send out an extra bed for us to the room. Another problem we ran into was our air conditioning. It was so hot in the room! I complained and the front desk quickly sent someone up to our room to fix it. The staffs were extremely helpful and friendly. Service was amazing. Did I forget to mention the bathroom? It  was BIG (even for a standard sized room)! Very nicely decorated with every bathroom amenities I could ever need! Another thing I loved about the Wynn was that it is connected to Encore which made it extremely easy to go clubbing at XS and Surrender. Saved so much taxi $$!!!I would honestly LOVE to stay at the Wynn again. Or maybe even Encore!
5	I Love this hotel. My bf and I stayed here a few months ago.  I'll keep it simple: customer service was great! gave us a room upgrade, how nice! The hotel structure and design is very elegant and relaxing. The room is dainty, clean, with a lovely ambiance. The pool is huge, fun, relaxing. No weird people lurking in any corners. I love that Encore is right next to it. XS club is my favorite! Super Love. It's so close to the fashion mall too! and ofcourse, the strip itself. Definitely will stay here again!
5	I freaking love Wynn and I think this would be my number 1 choice now. Housekeeping is the most friendly (we gotta get those extra towels and blankets) out of the other hotels I've stayed at. I love the convenience of a walkway to the Venetian/Palazzo, and Encore is connected, which I heard SURRENDER is now the place to be.and the POOL...ohmygoodness...is SALT WATER! There's no chlorine because the water was so much denser so it was difficult to swim in, but it felt like you were bathing in bottled water. No joke! The clouds were blocking the sun and there was no wind, but the pool itself was a perfect lukewarm temperature. I could've stayed in there forever.
3	this hotel is beautiful I've got to admit. I was super stoked to stay here for my first time back in June when I visited las vegas. we checked in to our reservation to find that they overbooked and didn't have our room. Although I was extremely disappointed, they gave us a comp for 2 free nights for our next visit and told us they got us a room over at Treasure Island. my friends and I spent a total of 4hrs complaining to the managers of the Wynn and TI about this situation, how extremely unprofessional and disappointing it was. Wynn kindly informed us we could come back and check in sunday for the free nights (since we weren't leaving until monday). I guess they handled the situation well and we ended up having free rooms but the hassle and complications of it all really annoyed us.
5	i've been to vegas about 10 times this past year and half alone so i've had my fair share of hotel stays. and the wynn is simply THE BEST!!! it was my birthday weekend and i booked way in advance so we got a really great deal for a two-night stay.  they even let us check in way earlier than the normal check-in time.. around noon.  they even put your name on the hotel keys. how cool is that?lobby is beautiful and definitely looks so much different in the daytime than at night, since we're usually only there at night to go clubbing.  the floor to ceiling windows are amazing and we had a beautiful view of the pools and the golf course. definitely feels like your in another world when you dont really see the strip.  housekeeping is great, really fast and attentive.  we hardly left the hotel since EVERYTHING you need is there at the wynn or at encore.. and is all walking distance. such as restaurants, shopping, and of course.. XS, tryst, surrender, and blush are all just downstairs.. its awesome not having to take a cab anywhere =)im already wishing it was my birthday so i can book another stay here.
4	Beautiful casino!!
4	I've officially sworn off every other hotel on the strip after having stayed at the Wynn for my bachelorette last summer. The hotel is beautiful! Rooms are a little small, and walls are rather thin -- but you're in Vegas, who cares?? Everything from Michelin Star restaurants to a world class spa and beauty salon all at your finger tips....what more could you ask for?  I scored a deal from Travelocity to travel from Boston to Vegas for 3 nights and 2 days for $500!  How sick!My girls and I arrived on a Friday night.  We dined at Red 8 the first night....standard Chinese fare I would say.  The second day consisted of hours at the luxurious pool, followed by a pampering session at the spa.  I had my hair and make up done at the salon....top notch service I would say!Dinner consisted of a prime table in front of the water fall at Daniel Boulud Brasserie.  Very accommodating staff -- very sweet and flirtatious.  It was cute.  Food was phenomenal, especially the chick pea fries!  As we ate into the hours of the night, we had primo seat for the water show with the giant buddha head and flower parachutes.Dancing, merriment, free champagne and VIP access took us to Tryst and Blush.  I had the time of my life with my bestest girls in the whole wide world.Had one of the girls not been to Vegas before and wanted to tour the strip, we would have never left the hotel!
5	Steve Wynn can do no wrong.I stayed at Encore the last time I was in Las Vegas and let me tell you, it was spectacular! I stayed in the Tower suite at Encore - equipped with a personal entrance, check-in and pool. So amazing!It's rather convenient that Encore and Wynn are different casinos, yet connected at the same time. That way you can experience what Encore has to offer as well that of Wynn. If you're looking to party at night, be sure to check out the XS nightclub at Encore. It's truly a state-of-the-art discotech with an outdoor pool and bar that overlooks the Wynn and Encore buildings. If you are a lady, be sure to get your name on the guest list before you go so you can get complimentary passes (For the gentlemen...Sorry! No dudes allowed on the guest list). After my experience at Encore and Wynn, I have to say that nowhere else compares to this. They are state-of-the-art hotels that represent the best way to experience Vegas. The only thing comparable to Wynn and Encore is the CityCenter.
5	We got an amazing deal for three nights plus tickets to La Reve. I love the interior of the hotel-- very classy and clean. Their huge colorful topiaries are beautiful and make me happy. I love their rooms even more. Our suite had floor to ceiling windows with a view. More importantly, we had a switch that allowed us to operate our heavy curtains keeping out all natural light until we were ready  Our beds were so........ plush and comfy. We had an i pod docking station allowing us to rock out while we were getting ready. We watched t.v. on our flat screen in the mornings while we were in bed trying to regain our senses. Our desk was nice and big located right by the window. Sitting in the chair we enjoyed our view, amazing both night and day. We set up our bar on top of their dresser and what a bar that was (homemade flavored vodkas, bloody marys, almond champagne for mimosas, tequila, and etc). We also had a good sized closet with a full length mirror. Their bathroom is huge compared to other hotels. They have a separate toilet room which was convenient. Their shower is spacious and their showerhead is large shooting out perfect water pressure. Their toiletries smelled like lemongrass, very refreshing. Their bathroom had a large vanity with big mirrors and a chair. Their room service was expensive but convenient and delicious. We ordered twice and the food was consistently good. Their tomato bisque was super hot and creamy. We ordered a couple of dishes for dinner so we could eat while we were getting ready. When we got back we ordered  chicken lo mein and spaghetti with meatballs. We were in heaven. We stuffed our faces with both dishes and vowed only to order room service at the Wynn instead of going to that awful late night cafe.
5	I will be hard-pressed to not want to stay at the Wynn every time I go to Vegas.  The entire hotel is just beautiful!  Room colors are bright, but I didn't mind it, and I especially loved the little couch in the room.  Plenty of seating for guests.  And I like that the bed faces the floor to ceiling windows, then you push a button in the morning and there is a wonderful view without even getting up out of bed.  I appreciate the vanity stool in the bath to get ready (most hotels I have to steal the desk chair, since getting ready can be a long process).  This hotel has everything.  You never have to leave if you don't want to.  They have the hottest nightclubs, the best buffet in town, and a great show in Le reve.  I did all of this in one night without ever having to grab a cab.$$$Pool was beautiful as well.   Very serene if you are not in the mood to party (Encore beach club), but there is that also if you want to.  On the other end of the pool they have european style bathing.  The main pool was not that busy, so no problem finding chairs, and I love when the chairs are cushioned.  Good place to just relax.  Gosh I miss it already!
5	One of my favorite spot to watch the NBA playoffs.  I always chill here with friends watching basketball or football.  Definitely pay a visit here every time I'm in town.Ohh yah and if you get a chance to stay here do it cause the rooms are hella nice.
5	I think I want to live here...correction- I KNOW I want to live here. Registering, even on a Monday afternoon was CROWDED! And it was slow. The woman behind the desk took my cell phone number, and said hopefully they can get us a room in an hour. FORTY minutes later, I got a call saying the room was ready...on the 33rd floor. This is why you should be nice to everyone.anyway, we were on the 33rd floor, facing the strip. It was a gorgeous view. And at night, it was even better! I was very entertained by the motorized drapes, perfect for lazy like me.the room and hall colors, like everyone else commented, is this weird burnt orange sort of color. I'll get over it though, because everything else was just that gorgeous. I absolutely loved the bathroom, which was HUGE. see, I don't really care about the actual room being that big, because honestly, how much time do you spend in your room in Vegas? but having a big bathroom just makes everything better! :DThe pool was beautiful. The adults only area was especially nice, when there were noisy splashing children in the other pool. Of course the topless pool is not complete without the horny boys (who probably just turned 21), nervously sitting on the edge of the pool, looking at my direction every minute or so to see if I would take my top off. (I was about the only person there...so...yeah...not being conceited here, just the truth)I just absolutely loved everything- the decor at the casino level, the row of shops I can't afford to shop at, the pretentious people walking about with their noses in the air. I loved it all.
3	We stayed here last week for our honeymoon. Our room was beautiful, with a giant bathtub, a big shower with a seat, a vanity and his and her sinks. The bed was comfortable, and the view was awesome. The pool setting is nice. There is a poolside casino and a European pool with no kids allowed. We stuck with the other pool though, because the European pool was way overcrowded. The cabanas looked really nice, and if I had a couple hundred to throw away on one I probably would have. The restaurants are hit or miss. The buffet at the Wynn was awesome. The rest of the restaurants we tried there were disappointing or mediocre, and expensive. In all, they nickel and dime you for everything they possibly can, and the place has a overall pretentious feel. But we chose it because we wanted to wine and dine ourselves for our honeymoon, and thats what we got. Just paid for it.
5	I'm sure this is what heaven looks like. If not, this is where I want to go when I die. Everything about Wynn was perfect. It's like Steve Wynn crept into my brain, stole all the fabulous things I love, and outfitted his namesake hotel specifically for me. I absolutely loved the whimsical, elegant and classy decor - from the colorful mosaic floors to the gorgeous flower garden, Wynn is pure perfection. The colors were vibrant and reminded you that you were on vacation. There was never anything out of place - if a chair was not flushed with the slot  machine in front of it, someone would swiftly pass by and tuck it in neatly. There are individual chandeliers lighting every table and slot machine section, giving Wynn a warm, romantic feel. We got to Las Vegas early in the morning but were still able to check in to our room before actual check-in time. There was no line and the woman who helped us was very nice and helpful. Wynn is not just big-picture gorgeous, it's great in the details too -- Even the room keys were beautiful - glossy fire engine red with our names imprinted in gold. Too classy.The casino area was my favorite out of all the others we ventured into during our stay, hands-down - no overwhelming smell of smoke and no cheesiness. Our room was just as nice as the rest of the hotel. The floor to ceiling windows overlooking The Strip, huge flat screen TV, the upscale bathroom with a large bathtub and shower, and the incredibly plush bed made me want to simply vacation in our room. The pool is also great because there's plenty of nooks and crannies you can hide in and just relax in the hot desert heat! Overall, our stay at Wynn was completely stress-free and amazing - I don't think I can ever stay anywhere else in Las Vegas.
4	Booked a fri/sat early July here, we gamble at this hotel so much (and do well) that we figured we might as well stay here too. To be honest I was not impressed with the rooms themselves that much (was expecting bigger rooms), but the overall experience here is much better. The pools were fun (check out beach club too, just opened up - kaskade spins on sundays), and the entire ambiance is nice inside. XS is still one of the better clubs to get into, and if you stay there make sure you let the concierge know that you want to get in beforehand. I have not been able to try out the buffet yet but I do hear good reviews about it. Check in / check out process is easy and not much of a hassle either. Unfortunately our players card didn't recognize all our winnings this past time! *tear* no comp'd room!
5	The rooms are one of the best on the strip.  5 diamond for a reason.  Keep your eyes open because you'll definitely will see athletes and celebs there.  Your keycard serves as your players card as well which is pretty cool. Negatives: the pool is small, so get there really early.  TV in the room were small but who watches tv anyways.
5	The rooms here are amazing!!  You are definitely living the good life if you bank a room in this place. Ceiling to floor windows. LOVES LOVES.  It really brightens & extends the room for days.  And if you get a view of the golf course then you've got it made.  BEAUTIFUL.  Beds..always comfy.  Big flat screen TV.  Robes included in the closet.  Tub & showers.  Two sinks.  Phone in the toilet room.  &&&& TV in the bathroom!! I wouldn't care if I had to sleep in the bathroom to tell you the truth.  Hahaha.  Super clean & chic.  Love this place.Wouldn't gamble here bc it's too expensive for my taste.  But I could definitely get used to the rooms.  Hotel location is right across from that mall so if you don't wanna shop here you can just cross the street.  Parking is accessible in the front from the strip and leads you to the back near the Poker room & room elevators.
5	My husband and I stayed here for a wedding a few years back, it was our first weekend away from our son since he was born.  Hands down the nicest room we have ever stayed in and we even just stayed at a brand new 5 star resort in Hawaii, it is awesome.  Everything is beautiful here.  The buffet is amazing everything is fresh, they lay out small portions so nothing is sitting there.  Even the sandwich we got from one of the bars was amazing and we even got it the second night too.  Of course not cheap but def worth the money and a great couples trip.  Pools are awesome too, we were there in winter but we did walk the grounds and check them out.  Loved it.
5	I feel like a princessDear Mr Wynn,When I first stepped into your hotel, my mouth dropped with ease. It was like fantasy with flowers, casinos, clubs, and I couldn't be more happy. I expected to check in at 3pm and have to wait 6 hours cause my flights landed around 9am, but you were so kind as to let me have a room right then and there. You workers stopped what they were doing to just give me a greet, but really if they are cleaning the floors don't work them so hard please? Deluxe room you say? Deluxe room NOT, but twice the size of my apt room in Davis and that is saying much! A couch with a table and bed to my liking. A TV that moves and one when I am bathing. 2 sinks are you kidding me!? how dirty do you think I must be? Yet, I like the shower and bath separate so I can pick as a please.Your red card has brought me wonders and glory. The craps table you provided and dealers that stay, have shown me a new way of making my pay.  They kindness that they have shown to teach me what I have yet to know, lead me to making 4x that of my own dough. Don't worry i was kind and tipped to return the favor and trust me ill be back so don't change too much of the table. The Night life is fantastic as I love all of your clubs. From XS, Tryst, Surrender, Encore Beach Club, I feel like I'm in paradise! Of course I can't forget the most important thing, that makes all of people in YELP happy! Your BUFFET is gourmet all throughout the day, that is why I can't stay away! your loyal costumer,kluoPS I will be returning soon!!
1	European Pool: If you are not prepared to see uber gross trashy women without tops and men swarming towards them like sharks, this is not the place for you.  I was so disgusted, I got up, went to play black jack and lost hundreds of dollars yet I still felt better than being there.  Argh.. Mr. and Mrs. Wynn:  You have excellent bouncers at XS, you need to put a few of them at the Euro pool. Some people are meant to have clothes on.
5	The most beautiful classy hotel in Vegas. It also has the best night life in Vegas.
2	I'm sure lots of folks thing the Wynn is all win, but I am not one of them. My experience at the Wynn was distinctly five star and distinctly one star at different moments. The hotel is, of course, gorgeous. From the flower lined trees in the entrance atrium to the cabanas alongside the pool, the Wynn is one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. Our first room was on the strip side and offered views of Treasure Island and the Mall (which, although it's a mall, is architecturally pleasant on the strip side). It was a bright salmony orange color, spaces with a full walk-in shower and soaking tub. (Contrary to other reviews, at the least in the standard rooms, the large tub is NOT a jacuzzi tub - it is a soaking tub.) Our second room was higher up on the golf course side, which was pleasant but not as fun to look at the the strip. It also had a walk-in shower and a soaking tub, but the walls were brown (which is where all the walls are apparently headed in the remodel). Both rooms offered stunning views of mountains in the distance by day. Why did we have two rooms? Oh yes. So we were two females who had booked a room with two double beds. We confirmed THREE TIMES that we had a nonsmoking with two double beds and that we would be checking in late. When we arrived we were told there were no more rooms with two beds by a woman who was rude and unapologetic. When my friend asked why we weren't notified when we confirmed she responded "I can send a twin bed if you want it." She did not offer to inform us if a room was later made available, we had to ask to be informed and to have a note made. Whatever, it was 11pm. We went up to the room and waited for the twin which never came. Thirty to forty minutes later we called and asked if it was coming soon and we were told yes. We then asked if we needed to be in the room when it arrived and we were told no so we went across the street for a very later dinner. When we returned an hour or so later, still no bed. We called again. We weren't told they'd check into it and call us back. No call back. We called again. We were told they had to see if it was ordered and they'd get back to us. No call back. We called again. The last woman was helpful, said she'd call back, and called back 15 minutes later. 5 minutes after that the bed arrived. This was one of MANY examples of shoddy service at the Wynn. (Don't get me started on the changing rooms debacle that could have been seamless and nice but, instead, turned into a dramedy.) The were several other instances where we where the wrong name was on the room, things did not work and they would send somebody up but nobody came. I could write paragraphs of examples. Although only that first woman was rude, many of the staffers at the Wynn were inept and lacking follow-through. There were a few standouts of excellence, like the woman at the Red Card counter near the room elevators (whose name I don't remember, but she was a pretty Asian woman if that helps), and Mike, who hailed us a cab that took credit cards with expertise and personality that made our last moments at the Wynn happy ones. The European pool was enjoyable until the sun started to "set" behind the Palazzo, and then, nothing but shade. Oh, and the beds were really comfy, well, when we finally had beds. I also enjoyed two restaurants here, but I will review and rate them separately. I don't know. The Wynn really is gorgeous, but I have experienced far superior service overall elsewhere. When I'm on vacation, I don't want to have to fight for the basic things I need, no matter how lovely my surroundings are. Especially at the prices they charge here. This may not be my last stay in Vegas, but it is most likely my last stay at The Wynn.(Notes for the Wynn:   Having an infomercial talking about all the things you can do while you're there is great; having Steve Wynn talk about it comes off as kind of douchey.   In at least one of the write-ups for one of your night clubs in the book in the room it talks about how the place is a great place to take in both a sunset and a sunrise, right about the posted hours, which open after sunset and close before sunrise.  I'm just sayin'.  If you need a quality editor for your materials, I'm available at a reasonable price.)
5	I have been to some horrible and spectacular hotels/motels  and Wynn is a must for Vegas. I must stay here again. I must eat at that Cafe with the best bread, coffee and Asian chicken salad. I must go the Spa again. 8 ladies, 2 rooms and a panoramic view for each. I must have room service. The service, ambiance, restaurants, convenience and pool were all luxurious. I must spend more time in the pool, next time. For sure.
1	Brett Rubin, the Assistant Manager of the Wynn Hotel - pretty much ruined our stay.  She was rude, disrespectful, and even threatening.  A terrible example set as the "face" of the Wynn hotel establishment to us as guests.Ill keep this short and sweet.  You will be charged a $150 per day "incidentals" fee ON TOP OF your room fee that will remain as an authorization on your card until your stay is over.  Then it drops off.  The staff will NOT tell you this when you check in, because for some reason they feel its ethical to not mention the additional $600 they'll be locking from your available balance on your card.  Unfortunately, my card declined because I expected my bill to be $750 for the room and they were trying to authorize nearly $1500 instead.  In addition to this my card had been stolen the night before because i was robbed.  Brett Rubin, the assistant manager for the Wynn hotel actually called my room and began scolding me for not having the sufficient balance on my card to cover the room and incidentals.  She demanded that I get to the front desk immediately and rectify the problem "or else".  I told her I had no idea what she was even talking about, and no idea why she was trying to authorize $1500 when my stay was to cost $750.Her tone was disrespectful and rude.  She spoke to me as if I were a dog she was slapping with a rolled up newspaper, and as if I were trying to get out of having to pay.  She used phrases which made me feel as if I was a "squatter" in her hotel, trying to get away with a free stay.  I was completely floored by this and actually started laughing because I was so thrown off by her abrupt tone and rudeness.  It got to the point that I chose to end the call.  She actually redialed my number.  I picked up the phone and said "Seriously?"  It was at this point that she began to threaten to call security if I did not get down to the front desk to arrange for payment within 60 minutes.  I told her that her personality was horrifying, and that I will take care of the payment, and hung up on her.  I spoke to the front desk about my interaction with her and they literally could not care less.  I was so blown away by how she spoke to me that the entire rest of the stay was a total downer.  I felt like an unwelcome cancer in their hotel, and feared running into her wherever we went.  I was actually so upset by the phone call that I ensured she would not be at the front desk when I came down to arrange payment.If you sort by reviews - poorest first - you will see that the consistent problem with this hotel is the staff.  If she is the one doing the hiring, then I am not surprised.  Bosses always hire people like themselves, and im floored that she is so high up in the pecking order at this hotel.  Her demeanor and personality are offensive.This hotel is gorgeous, comfortable, and great, but I will never stay there again because they treated me like a theif and a freeloader.  And this was after spending over $1500 in an open tab at their night club XS.  Steve Wynn needs to be aware that his hotel staff are ruining the reputation of his hotel.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas. Their beds are super comfy, bathrooms are spacious, and I love all the flowers that hang off the trees by the entrance.
5	Not that Steve Wynn will ever read this review but just incase he does...Thank you for taking everything you learned at the Mirage and Bellagio and making them better here.Thank you for an amazing hotel with great rooms and service. Oh yeah...the bars are pretty good too.And most importantly, when I had $3.00 left and said "if I don't win something, anything, on this next pull I'm leaving and never coming back" and you smiled and gave me a $400 jackpot on the next pull, that was pretty awesome. (see photo) Thank you for listening to me.
5	when in vegas am usually in the wynn side but this past weekend we tried the encore side...luv it..its just amazing..rooms very chic,gym,spa par none love it...
5	The Wynn (and Encore) are absolutely fantastic places to stay, have a convention, or gamble/play your nights away.  My wife and I visit Vegas every year and rotate through the upscale hotels (Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, etc.) and the Wynn is by far our favorite to date.  The rooms are spacious and well appointed, the bathrooms are massive and beautiful, and the view from the higher floors is unrivaled in Vegas (well, except for maybe the Palazzo).  The gaming floor is classy, clean, and not nearly as trashy as the older joints on the strip.  The staff are fantastic, the players club is wonderful, and the restaurants are fantastic.  The location isn't the best on the strip (currently that award goes to the Bellagio) but with the growth of the Plaza and Fontainebleau the Wynn will soon be much closer to the heart of the "nice" part of the Strip.
5	I stayed here 3 years ago and I love it. the room is AMAZING, the view of the golf course is the best view on the strip in my opinion. the beds were the most comfortable thing in the world, just what you need after a crazy day in Vegas. the rooms are smaller than what you can get from other high class hotels on the strip but if you are only a couple it is perfect. and the casino and the lobby are very cool and modern.It also has the best clubs on the strip. one of my favorite all time clubs; Tryst, Their fairly new hot spot Xs and hands down the best club on the strip; Surrender
5	The rooms in this hotel are awesome.  I love the wall to wall floor to ceiling window.  The TV in the bathroom makes the shower so much better.  My favorite part is the curtains open and close at the push of a button that is conveniently located right by the bed.
4	This review is only for their room.We had a standard resort king, non-strip view. We had the corner room with a view of Encore, Surrender, XS, and the golf course. Even though we didn't have a strip view, it was still beautiful. Since we had the corner room, we had 2 wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling windows...it was pretty awesome. When both windows were wide open, I felt like I was floating in air on a bed haha. I think that was the best part of the room. Oh ya, and they provide 2 luggage racks (another plus in my book). The bathroom was also very nice and spacious. I like how they provide q-tips and cotton balls too. I just wish they had a separate vanity where I can do my hair and makeup so I can spread everything out. I like my space when I get dolled up :)My favorite place to stay is still Palazzo, but I'm definitely a fan of Wynn.
4	I loved this hotel - The shopping is mah-velous. Your lobby pomander path is lovely and reminds me of a favorite bag.Its kinda neat albeit it telltale to have a red card in your wallet - ha ha with my first 50 points I won lots of slot play! YAY!The room was gorgeous - brown wallpaper and vanilla furniture, bright prints lit individually, remote controlled room temp, shades. The bathroom's double sink and middle vanity were nice, shower and soaking tub and TV and phone - and your toilet seats are my favorite of ALL the hotels I've ever enjoyed.Everyone, from bell at our taxi, registration, red card, game floor assistance, cocktail waiters, was wonderful. I was surprised to get greeted by a couple staff just walking through.I'll have to try the spa and pool one next time.Its close to hot clubs of the moment - surrender and XS.Only thing I'd say to my fellow yelpers - at check-in ask which side you're on and opt for a upgrade to a higher floor if you aren't planning on staying out all night. It got kinda loud because of the club and stayed loud until 3am. =) good for us - just might not work for some.
4	It may only be 5 years old, but the Wynn still keeps everything classy and clean as if its been looming over the strip for 50 years. I joined the "red card" club the minute I turned 21 and drove my college-broke butt to Vegas and it really DOES have its benefits. Major room discounts and comps whenever I do come to the hotel. I love the decor and the ambiance of the place. No stuffy casino floors with janky-looking(pardon my Californian) dealers here... just decent and sometimes comedic employees who want you to win(especially if you tip them on the bet). There's cafes that don't break the bank and a nightclub, Tryst, that I am also a fan of in this property. Check out the beautiful waterfall and go golfing if you can! They have the biggest course here.Again, sign up for the club and do some research online to get a good promo code and I would guarantee your stay will be awesome.
5	One of only three main resorts in Vegas that was awarded the AAA Five Diamond award which only 0.25% of hotels receive.  Amazing!!!
1	READ THIS ONE!!!Just wanted to remind everyone how bad this place is.  It's like a beautiful woman with a sadistic streak and expensive taste.  Fun to watch from a distance, but unless you are a masochist who enjoys paying for abuse, avoid.
2	I never stayed at the hotel so I can not comment on the rooms. But this hotel does NOT allow Stroller into their facility!!!! There is a sign at one of their entrance. I will try to upload a picture of it. The story is that Steve Wynn fell over a stroller and ever since then he did not want them there. How can that be the stroller fault. He should open his eyes when he walks. So what happens when there's no strollers and he falls over a little toddler running around? I've been to Wynn a few times already with the stroller. If you go in from the Main entrance they don't pay attention. Apparently, people who stay in the hotel are allow to have their stroller. So go in from the front. I think when you go in from the main entrance, you have to register the stroller or they store it. I'm not sure, when I went in I just kept on walking. Nobody stopped me. I'm not sure about the rule this year (2010) because I never saw the sign prior to this and in 2009 I got kick out from one entrance, I just tried a different entrance.With this rule (there's other rules also you will see it with my upload) this place is very unfriendly to family. I guess Steve is anti-kids. This year I just didn't go into Wynn at all, after all, I've seen the place already and there's nothing special for me to go back in again.This is what's on the sign:"For the Convenience and Safety of Our Guests...- No Strollers allowed- Guests under 21 must be accompanied by an adult- Purses and packages are subject to inspection- Smoking is permitted in the casino area only, all other areas are smoke free.- Alcoholic beverages are not permitted on Las Vegas Blvd.Thank You for Your Cooperation"No Strollers allowed - Might be a safety issue (not really) but definitely NOT a convenience.Guests under 21 must be accompanied by an adult - definitely anti-family and anti-kids.
5	Heaven on earth. Great food, drinks, and atmosphere.
5	Wynn and Venetian are the best hotels in Vegas, enough said...
5	Orange, butterfly infused decorations describes this hip oasis in the desert. Stayed here about 3 times and its really a great place. The lobby has a filtration system that filters out the smoke smells and it doesn't smell like a rank old casino. They really know how to treat a guest. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with soft fat pillows on the bed and and a big screen tv to lull a guest to sleep.  If one needs to get away and just stay in, this place is the place to recoup and order room service.  I have many massages at their spa and I love it.  I have since moved on to the sister hotel Encore we have fond memories at the Wynn.  Visited during X-mas time and they have a beautifully decorated lobby and x-mas music blasting through the speakers.  Also, there is a nightly show of giant animatronics in the man made lagoon.
4	I've stayed at Wynn about 40 times now and it's almost always a pleasure. The only challenge is that the A/C does not work well in the summer. So, if you like your room cool, you may end up asking for a fan. We did and it made things more bearable.Other than that, the rooms are great. You can usually upgrade so don't opt for the extra money for "panoramic view" unless you just have to have it. I get it for free 9 times out of 10. Suites are nice, especially the Salon and Executive suites. I'm not too fond of the middle level, the "parlor" suite because it's cut into two rooms that aren't that usable, so you get some wasted space.Room service is high quality. Try the breakfast burrito and breakfast pizza. Restaurants are all very good too, especially pancakes at Terrace Pointe Cafe and dinner at Stratta where you can have excellent food and still people watch.
5	First time in Vegas and it was recommended we stay at the Wynn. Got a good rate off of the Wynn website for 3 nights the week after labor day.From beginning to end the service was exceptional, the property beyond beautiful. Our room was very nice, not extravagant but nice. The bathroom was impressive and the view (29th floor) was amazing!The bed was decent but the pillows could be a bit firmer. Housekeeping was great, loved how they "organized" my mess of stuff in the bathroom. It's the little things that impress a girl like me.We hit up the gym one morning which was nice. But what really impressed me was the pool! Loved lounging around and sipping on $18 pina coladas. Ah, the life. "Just charge it to the room."  Beautiful grounds, comfy chairs, and chill music.Bottomline, the Wynn is the place to go if you want a resort sort of feel while staying in Vegas.
4	When my friends and I first started going to Vegas, we looked around at the different hotels to stay at. My friend was baller enough to spend enough money at the Wynn Casino that he was offered FREE rooms at the Encore. Well a 9 car accident clogged up the freeway on our way up to Vegas where it took a whopping six hours to get to Vegas! We arrived at the Encore to find that none of the free rooms were available and we were being put in the Wynn. No biggie! We proceeded to put our luggage on the cart but our luggage was lost for a good hour. We had packed all sorts of drinks in our luggage and we started the couple hours of our Vegas trip boozeless. It sucked big time! We were even escorted from the Encore to the Wynn. Anyways after getting our mess sorted out, we were put in the Wynn. We had a great view of the golf course and the night lights of Las Vegas! The room was spacey, even though it was kind of boring. We had an end room so we could make as much noise as we wanted without disturbing people.  The phone has the name of the person who booked the room. The Wynn has pretty much everything from shopping to places to eat. Their customer service is top notch as it should be since you're paying a lot of money to stay here. The casino is nice and there are a lot of machines with different types of denominations to play in. You can go cheap and place the penny slots (my friend won 35 bucks off a max bet of $1.20) to the more expensive slots. My other friend blew 100 bucks in a matter of 10 minutes at the blackjack tables. I won on Wheel of Fortune with the grand total of $55! I never win! Get their red card so you can accumulate points for rooms, etc. Use your red card when you're in the Wynn and the Encore.
5	Stayed here 3 nights for a conference.  I've been to the Wynn before, but never stayed here until this past weekend.  Wynn's reputation definitely extends to his staff.The staff here was amazing.  The housekeeping, valets, dealers, etc were all very helpful and genuine (as far as I could tell). We switched rooms mid stay and lost our iphone charger.  What did the Wynn staff do at 1 AM?  They provided a "loaner" charger that we could keep to ensure my phone was fully charged for the next morning,  impeccable service.Valet service is very quick and prompt and the layout of the hotel is well planned.  You don't have to walk 3 miles to access the other side of the hotel like other properties here in Vegas.The room wasn't exactly modern, but it was more of a contemporary style, which after a while, was nice. It feels more like a resort rather than modern hotel.  This was a wonderful stay and hope to be back.
4	While I rarely stay at a strip hotel, unless I'm doing a trade show and the corporation has pre-booked, I do have a few hotels that I favor; the Venician and Caesars are two. I'd have to add the Wynn to my list. And I'm sure the Encore would be there also.This hotel was well thought out by Steve Wynn. I actually visited them as a vendor during the design phase, and remember the incredible attention to detail. Now, long after that opening, I've finally stayed there, and I can say that I see why my family told me that it was "really nice." From the electric-draw drapes to the spotlessly clean bathroom, to the TV screen near the sink area, I was impressed. They've also provided upgraded mattresses and bedding, which if you're interested in actually sleeping while in Vegas, is a big plus!  :-oSince I don't gamble much, I appreciated the smaller, more tasteful and less commercial looking casino. And thankfully, it doesn't take 15 minutes just to get from the elevators to the front or side entrances. It's not a botique hotel, but also not another mammoth operation like the MGM or NY NY. Caesars is huge too, but given how they've maintained their high facilities and service level all these years, I've included them in my list of favorite hotels.Again, if I had to stay on the strip, and I could secure reasonable rates as we did this past week... I'd strongly consider a re-stay. (Someone in the family gambles...not enough for a comp'd room, but attractive enough to catch my interest... and it worked.)
5	Gorgeous place to stay in Vegas! Split the room with some friends while attending the Kiwanis International Convention. The room was very spacious with floor-to-ceiling windows. If we were back in Circle K, we could've crammed 4-6 more people in comfortably. The bathroom is freaking ridiculous: his and her vanity sinks, flat screen TV, separate shower and spa tub, and even more space to probably fit in 4 Circle K members. The Wynn actually surprised me with the wide of variety of channels for surfing. I've never seen a place where they offer Asian channels.We lucked out with a great view as well. No, it was not of the Strip, but we had a lovely view of the golf course behind us. Could've been worse with a view of the parking lot. Though, at night, the golf course is completely dark with no lights, so that was a bit creepy. If the price is right, I'd love to book a room here again and enjoy everything about it (spaciousness, view, TV, etc)!
2	This is a review of my gambling experience. I was having a good time at the casino even though I was down. Then it seemed like I was constantly harassed for my social security number. One of the hosts gave me some bullshit answer when I asked why, so I gave them a bullshit social security number. Anyway, I know the reasons why a casino needs a social security number for gamblers, and I didn't fit into that criteria. I was down, and I don't think I was at the $10k transaction threshold yet. I got annoyed and left. I know a few other people they harassed as well. Wynn is a very nice hotel, but I don't gamble there anymore.
4	Held a wonderful conference here a couple months back.  Had excellent service for the actual conference - catering and hospitality were readily available and the managerial staff responsive to our concerns, questions and critiques.We're considering holding another such event next year, as prices at conference rates are very reasonable.Yes, everything else is very, very pricey.
5	the scene: las vegasthe players: michelle, ryan, scott, natalie, aaron, cameron, haley & maya the occasion: best friends trip, halloween, the SF giants in the world seriesthe mood: euphoricso i've been to vegas more times than i can count. sometimes up to several times in one calendar year. what can i say, there is no place like this town.... no place.for many years now, i've been an extremely satisfied patron of the venetian hotel. when i find something i really love, i stay with it. i'm loyal that way. this particular vegas trip was a last minute soiree though, and i let someone else take the reigns in planning it. well, high fives to cameron. he chose the wynn, and it was a great choice.i never use this word, but the feeling you get when you walk in their front lobby is, opulence. everything is lush, the design is smooth and flawless. it feels like las vegas, but with more panache. this was a very special trip for us. first, this was a vacation with my nearest and dearest friends. my SF gang, my posse, my tribe. my best friends in the world.... (yeah, i know you guys are gonna read this, and i love you fucking hyenas more than life itself) this was also halloween weekend AND.... this is a very big AND, the giants were going to be playing games 3. 4 and 5 of the world series while we were there. as natives of san francisco, and all of us die hard giants fans, our schedule would obsessively revolve around these games.cameron talked us into "resort deluxe panoramic view" suites... which means floor-to-ceiling windows and sweeping views of the vegas strip. yeah, i've seen it all before, but the view from our rooms just felt extra magical. especially after a few bottles of champagne before heading out for the night... you're all dolled up, the flashing lights glittering below you. it just sets the tone for the whole evening. the rooms were immaculate and offer cozy beds with fancy linens, a separate seating area with couches, a dining room with table, marble-rich bathrooms, remote controls for the lighting and drapes, etc etc etc. the works. service was top notch.the rest of the hotel is exactly what you would expect for vegas. nothing is overlooked or spared, down to every snazzy detail. we spent a ton of time gambling in their casino areas, delightfully nursed our hangovers by their pool with our kir royales, partied like frat boys at XS and blush, dined like royalty at bartlotta (my second time there) and crawled back to our rooms at the break of dawn with nothing but an amused smile from the service staff.cameron got a big, wet sloppy kiss for being such a great party planner. it was a trip i won't soon forget. do i still love the venetian hotel? definitely! will i stay at the wynn again though? absolutely!viva las vegas baby.
5	Probably not much to add that the other 700 reviewers haven't already covered but nonetheless I'm a huge fan of the Wynn!  Our stay was nothing but luxurious.  The check-in and staff were superb, all restaurants we tried delicious, our room gorgeous and clean, and the best drink service on the casino floor of all the ones we visited.  We had NO problem getting several drinks throughout our nights.  We treated ourselves and upgraded our room to be in the tower suites which was a nice little extra, though not necessary.  The only negative but not entirely worth pulling a star was the drink service around the tower suites 'private' pool was slowwwwwww.... it took at least 1/2 hour to get someone to take our order then at least another 1/2 half our to get our order.  She first only brought DH's beer after 15 minutes and she forgot my beverage, which when reminded it took another 15 minutes to bring a mojito.   Oh well... it was 115 degrees when we were there and too hot to even just hang out by the pool so we stayed inside with the AC!We are creatures of habit and once we find something we love we stick with so I see many trips back to the Wynn in our future.
5	I have not stayed here, only gambled and dined, but I feel the need to shout out loud about the customer service!Last night my phone rang. I look at the caller ID and see a 702 area code and think, "Who the hell is this?" I answer and learn that it's a customer service rep who wants to know how I enjoyed visiting the Wynn ( I signed up for their players club). I tell her, and she gets all happy about how I liked it... and then asks when I'll be back in Vegas. I tell her when I plan to be, and she tells me to call her direct for a good price. That was nice of her. I guess that's the kind of service you get from a ritzy snobby place like the Wynn.
5	Love, love, love this place.1) Concierge is awesome.  They booked dinner reservations and a babysitter through nannies and housekeepers for us.  2) Buffet, buffet, buffetLoved the food.  We ate here everyday.  3) Beautiful panoramic view on the 60th floorGreat view from 60th floor.  Loved being at the top of Vegas and seeing the skyline at night to watch the TI shows and seeing the morning sun.
3	MY ROOM WAS ORANGE!?? WHY!??!?!?!!?! It wasn't even an Hermes orange. It was whore-ange. YUCK. Casino is OK. XS is cool. Pool is OK. Stores are cool. Supposedly the buffet was one of the best, the line was too long and we don't even try buffets. Everything is just so-so. Will more than likely return, that's if the Palazzo is all booked :(I also hate butterflies. UGH!
5	I really can't think of another hotel where I experienced better service.  I have stayed at so many fancy hotels over the years for business too.  I really really was impressed with every member of the staff that I dealt with.  I love that the valet parking is free.  Nothing worse that spending hundreds of dollars on a hotel room and having to pay 30-50 just to park per night.  Not the case here ... I mean you do have to tip, but still - that's nothing compared to 30 or 50 bucks for parking.  So many freebies and comforts ... Tower room was amazing, you get a red card with it and it gets you access to private pools, no waiting in line and a ton of other stuff.  I loved it.  I will go back to the Wynn again without a doubt.  Other than losing a 100 dollar bill on the floor (accidentally) and not because of gambling .... I have no bad memories of this place.
5	I'm not really a fan of most of the hotels on the strip because they're usually somewhat tacky and over-the-top.  With that said, when I go to Vegas, the only hotel I choose to stay at is the Wynn.  Some of the things I like about this hotel in particular: the subtle yet modern decor, the lack of children and the lack of drunk college students.  The hotel has a small shopping mall that's connected with the Encore, and you'll find some of the big names there such as Hermes, Chanel and LV.  In terms of restaurants, most of the places in the hotel are on the more expensive side, and they have one or two different restaurants that have Michelin stars.  Even in the casual eateries such as the pizza place and the deli, expect to spend at least $40 for 2.   I will say that the Wynn's buffet is great and worth it.  Last year we had dinner at Daniel Boulud Brasserie (now closed) , and it was pretty good but not life-changing.  We've also had the opportunity to stay at many of the hotel's different rooms - the standard, Tower Suites and the ridiculously fancy Parlor Suite.  All of the room types are tastefully appointed with ultra-comfy beds.  Also, as a Red Card member, I've gotten tons of promotions and deals because we choose to play at the Wynn.  The promos they offer are excellent and have included drastically discounted room rates, free slot play, free La Reve tickets and even comped stays in their swankier suites.  Overall, I'm a fan of the Wynn and it's where I choose to stay when I'm in Vegas!
5	Out of all of Las Vegas, Wynn Hotel is the Ultimate Experience in class and experience. I remember coming here in 2005 and know, right there and then, that this hotel will be forever be special. Steve Wynn created most of Las Vegas and he dang deserves his own hotel. Not even Trump Hotel that is across the street can outshine the true Mr. Las Vegas. Wynn was hosting the Pacquiao vs Margarito Fight and out all of the hotels, this would be the place to be. The fight was in Texas, but most knew that Pacquiao's real fight home was in Vegas. Wynn and the Encore can accommodate a large party, but I am still not sure if they can host a Fight Night Event. Mandalay Bay & MGM usually gets the big events.Right now, I am sticking with Harrah's Brand. If you are a millionaire/billionaire, then come here. Bellagio...pffssh....Wynn knows Las Vegas even better than MGM tries to do with CityCenter. I wonder what the next hotel name would be called...Wynn..Encore...(?????)The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
5	Amazing Property, Accomodations and Service. Everything is top rate - from food to lodging. Would highly suggest.
5	There's a time for romantic weekends in adorable B&Bs in Carmel/Monterey ..... and then there's Las Vegas.  For the overindulgent moments in life, the magnificent Wynn Hotel.This hotel is freaking beautiful. We had a huge two bedroom suite with an amazing view of Vegas.  Previously, we've had a view of the pools which are absolutely gorgeous.  The massage therapist that came up for an in room massage (our room had a separate massage room with a table) was just ok.  The actual spa experience was much better. Le Reve, as I've reviewed, is fabulous! Dining at Alex is an entirely different 5-star review. Say what you will about him, but God bless Steve Wynn.
5	Some friends and I did a birthday Vegas trip a few months ago and booked a room at the Wynn. I was blown away by it, to say the least. We had a suite with a king bed, and requested an extra cot/rolling bed which was not a problem. The hotel has amazing decor, classic and opulent yet not over-the-top or tacky. The facilities are top notch- I loved all the different pools, small boutiques, and we even had a quick bite at one of the eateries too. The customer service was fabulous as well- they waived whatever that fee is that allows you free wi-fi, etc. because ours had not allowed us to get online. Also, it was pretty cool that the hotel connects to the Encore, which also has great amenities and decor. I would easily stay here again in a heartbeat.
4	The Wynn is truly spectacular. Their decor is amazing, and their staff is kind and helpful.
5	The Wynn is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas, and I haven't even stayed here yet! The decor of the casino is so jaw-droppingly gorgeous. I love to just walk through the tiled casino walkways and admire the intracacies of the mosaic tile artwork. The canopy of trees with hanging bulbs of flowers is another favorite aesthetic pleaser of this hotel. It's absolutely beautiful!Looking up, you notice the attention paid to even the ceiling, with it's recessed lighting and hanging lights.Just looking at the Wynn makes you feel like a VIP because this kind of beauty isn't seen every day (well, I guess it is if you're a dealer). It's hard to believe this beautifully interior-designed resort is in the middle of a dessert... If I didn't know any better, I'd think it was the Sultan of Brunei's palace or something!
4	Stopped here for some expensive orange juice as we were tired from walking on the strip.  Loved watching those falls!!
4	The Wynn is probably the best casino on the strip for anyone who has a little bit of money. I've never stayed here since I'm a local, but I've had friends who have booked gorgeous rooms.I come here more for the food; the restaurants are top notch. Bartolotta is rated top 5 in Las Vegas, Strata is good for late night eats, Okada is delicious.I'm not a big fan of the clubs here because the staff are kind of pretentious douchebags at both places, but the hotel, gaming, food are all top notch.
3	PROS: Luxurious. Great shops. Rooms have lots of ammenities. Beautiful hotel. Close to the monorail entrance @ the Hilton. Friendly staff. Your name is printed on your room key. You must present the key to access the elevators (safety/nice bc random people arent going there).CONS: SMALL rooms, for the price. Far from the main area of the strip.
5	The Wynn is easily one of the nicest, grandest and most popular hotels in all of Las Vegas.The guys and I were fortunate enough to stay in one of the fairway villas for a bachelor party. Our 2 bedroom "apartment" came complete with a massage room, 3 bathrooms (2 of which had infinity tubs and were the size of a small Vegas room), big entry hallway, massive living room for shenanigans, full bar setup and a balcony the whole length of the villa with lounge chairs overlooking the 18th green of the Wynn country club and its waterfall. There were ducks walking around the greens below. Lucky ducks... It didn't feel like Vegas. Huge LCD screens in each bedroom and living room. LCD screens on a swivel arm in the bathrooms as well. Very nice, indeed. There was also a separate powder room(?) as well, which got no usage from us.This was easily the nicest hotel room/suite I've ever stayed in on the strip. The villas are located a little bit of a walk from the main entrance or south valet. It's past the gambling floor, past the Wynn buffet and past the pools. Keep walking towards the country club and you'll see these nondescript double-doors on your right side, right before the golf pro shop. These doors led to the elevators that allowed access to the fairway villas. Key card needed, of course. You wouldn't even know it was there.The only issue we had with the villa was... since we were having a bachelor party there, was that we needed ice for our drinks. Searched the hallway outside the room. Nada. Looked downstairs by the pro shop. Nothing. So we call concierge and they inform us that ice is available to be delivered to the villa for $50 or we can walk across the casino floor to the other suite towers. That's right... FIFTY. Hahha... So we had some ice delivered and it comes in this gigantic Stanley Cup of a container, for lack of a better word. Nice ice!!!... LOL... with some Fiji water bottles. So it made spending that much for ice almost worth it... Almost.The Wynn is great. The rooms, the shops, the staff, the service, best buffet on the strip, everything is tops. I highly recommend staying here. Their other suite area also very, very nice.Oh... about the bachelor party... What bachelor party??
4	Had a little trouble here, but the staff made it right. Although checkout time is at noon and check-in is at 3 pm, they apparently decided to remodel the place at the ridiculous hour of 8:00 am on a Sunday morning.Finally away from the kid and after having a great night of food and shows, my wife and I wanted only to sleep in. At 8:00 am we heard really loud screwing and couldnt sleep anymore. Now I understand certain forms of screwing the hotel cannot control, but it sounded like they were hanging sheetrock next door. I later learned they were replacing the TVs and refrigerators of the entire floor. Other than that the place was great, and I will come back again.
4	definitely one of the best hotel experiences i've had in vegas.  room was immaculate, amenities were great and they even delivered contact lens solution and a case to us free of charge when we discovered we had left them behind at midnight.  great service.the casino has a "classier" feel than many other upscale hotels in vegas - beautiful designs, spacious areas, etc.the buffet is also awesome.the only issue we had was that despite being on the 35th floor, we could still hear loud music late into the wee hours of the night on friday and saturday from xs (the encore's nightclubs are partially outside, meaning the music is extra loud).  made it difficult to sleep - recommend asking for a room facing the strip or at least higher up to solve this issue.
5	Amazing rooms with great views of Vegas from all angles. Craps table was fairly hot for me and the sportsbook is one of the nicest. Palazzo has a better sportsbook and is only a short walk The Wynn consistently has better service though.
2	Expected the best staying in the TOWER SUITES.It was VERY disappointing.I love the private entrance and privater check in...but it ends there.Bell man was NOT available at check in.too many other issues to go into.I will NOT be returning her again, not at THESE PRICES.The expectations are too high and they do NOT live up to HYPEbuffet at the wynn is the best   ***** 5 stars all the way
5	I've just gotten home from Vegas after spending Thanksgiving week here. My friend and I got a fabulous deal through Hot Wire. We "blind booked" for a South Strip 5-star hotel and the Wynn accepted our offer for $125/night! Originally we were going to stay 5 nights, but my manager told me to take more vacation days, so we blind booked again and also got the Wynn for $138 for the two additional nights.This is our third trip to Vegas and we usually travel around Halloween/early November. Our first trip, we stayed at the Augustus Tower Suites at Caesars, and last year, we stayed in a GO room at the Flamingo. Please note: I work for a 5-star hotel, so as part of the hospitality industry, my observations may be seen as critical; however, as a consumer, my friend and I are pretty low maintenance. Things would have to be really bad for us to vocally complain to management.Check-inCompared to the Flamingo or Caesars, there were only a few people in line when we checked in at around 1pm. We were not even waiting for a minute when a front desk agent noticed we were waiting and offered assistance. They were able to accommodate us for one room throughout our entire stay, even though we had two reservations. We were given a red key card that also served as their player's card. We don't gamble much, but supposedly time on the slots will quickly rack up points for a comp meal at their buffet.FeesThere is a $20/day resort fee that includes usage of the fitness center and wireless internet. This does not include use of the spa facilities, which is $40/day. Wireless internet without the resort fee is $13.99 per computer for 24 hours. While we did not like the resort fee, we decided it was a minor inconvenience for a better value, as we had both brought our laptops. RoomOur room, located on the 34th floor, was very spacious. It held two queen beds, a desk, and a flat screen TV. We had a great view of the golf course and the mountains, as well as the Encore. Another featured I liked was the wall panel that controlled the lights, curtains, room temperature and privacy/service room options. There is also an iHome so you can charge your iPod. The safe was located in the closet. The bathroom was glorious, and on par with the suite we had at Caesars. The bathroom had two sinks with vanity, a private poo closet, a shower stall and a deep tub. There were no jets for the tub but it was fabulous. My friend is much larger than me and she found it comfortable. Water pressure was good. I also believe that Steve Wynn is not a fan of the low flow toilet, as our toilet was like the Dyson of the Ivory Throne: 100% suction all the time. There is also a TV in the bathroom, tuned to Steve's fave channel: Fox Business News. For the Asian gamblers, there is NHK, a Korean channel, and 4-5 Chinese channels so you don't have to miss your dramas. No Food Network, though!BedsThe bed was very comfortable, although the pillows were too soft for our liking. The comforters are down-filled and I woke up often because I was too hot, even though our room temp never hovered above 70 degrees.AmenitiesGenerous bathroom amenities included shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, face and body soap, shoe polish, buffer cloth, manicure kit and cotton balls/swabs. I had forgotten my toothbrush and called Housekeeping. They were able to deliver a dental kit in under 30 minutes which included a toothbrush and toothpaste. InternetWireless was pretty speedy and there was no drop in connectivity. However, Wynn's site is pretty annoying and you will hear Steve's voice encouraging you to "explore and find the surprises" every 24 hours.HousekeepingWe had our room serviced once during our stay and our housekeeper did a good job. A couple of days before, we had replenished our round shag bath rugs and some towels, but when she cleaned our room, the bath rugs were taken away, which I found odd. GymVery spacious gym with a huge variety of equipment. It does get crowded, so get there early if you want to use the stair climber or elliptical.NoiseAll is pretty quiet EXCEPT for when Tryst and XS are open. You WILL hear noise from 9pm-4am traveling up to your floor from outside your room's window. We were on the 34th floor. If you need quiet, I recommend you ask for a room higher up. Bring or ask Housekeeping for a pair of earplugs. I went to bed earlier than my friend, but she said the noise kinda dies down around 3am but you can still hear it until the clubs close.SecurityAfter 9pm or so, they station hotel staff near the resort elevators and you need to flash your room key to access them.Check-outSpeedy checkout via the flat screen TV. They also have the Express Checkout mailboxes near the resort elevators.OverallFantastic value! Not close to the hubbub of the Strip, but we immensely enjoyed our stay. We'll definitely use Hot Wire when we travel to Vegas again.
4	This is one of my favorite hotels besides the Venetian.  The only disappointment is that they started charging an additional $20 for internet, fax, and printer service.  It's great if people use it but there are a lot of people that don't use it.
4	Our hotel reservations got bumped to Encore because all the suites were booked here, which didn't turn out to be a bad thing. The one thing that kept me on the Wynn side of the towers was the expansive sports book. I love the ponies but got caught up watching the greyhounds.
5	This place is just classy. You *almost* feel relaxed here - which is a feat in Vegas. The shopping is upscale and people don't walk - they saunter. It's just nicely appointed and just the way Vegas should be.
4	I loved the Wynn but regrettably had to take off a star because we were stopped at security in front of the elevators to go up to our rooms while carrying up a case of beer. Doesn't matter that this was to quench the thirst of 6 of us in our party. This is to "discourage" partying in the rooms (Really?? We're in Vegas!). So okayyyy fine, we had to walk back to the parking lot to shove the bottles into our already heavy luggages.That really was the only drawback from our weekend stay there. I loved the decor throughout the casino up to the hallways to within our room. The couches and beds were plush and super comfy. You can request an extra roll-out bed at no charge.Concierge was incredibly friendly too--talk to her for guys' tickets/passes to XS or Tryst and she may even throw in complimentary ones for Blush. You can even print your boarding pass with her.Also Check in to Wynn on Foursquare and you'll get free champagne at Blush ;)
4	Stayed here recently. Nice hotel and all but they can use some work. Me and my friends made reservations here months in advance. We reserved a two queen suite at Encore. We checked in at Wynn and they gave us directions to our room at the Encore. We head over to Encore to our room. We arrive on our floor and head to our room, Room #2957. Problem is the last room on that floor is Room #2947. Hmm...A hotel associate was on the floor and helped us out. He tells us the front desk made a mistake and our room was at the Wynn not Encore. So we walk back to Wynn and get to our room. Wynn booked us in a single queen room. We call the desk and they say they can get us a two queen room the next day. The room was nice and spacious. Nice flat screen television in the room and another television in the bathroom. Shower was huge. Water warmed up quickly and water pressure was perfect. Bathroom did not fog up when taking a shower. Loved the fact that everything was controlled in a centralized panel. You could turn off the lights, open and close the curtains and could set your room status to "Privacy Please" or "Service Room" at the push of a button.One of the dislikes about this place is there was no complimentary admission or a discounted rate for hotel guests to either XS or Blush. Considering the money I already spent here...Overall it is a nice place to stay. They were quick to correct there mistakes and make my stay enjoyable.
5	This is the best hotel I have stayed in! My husband and I got a great hotwire deal by selecting "North Strip", "5 Star hotel". The room is spacious, there is a huge beautiful mirror parallel to the closet and an awesome bathroom. There is a nice shower and a huge bathtub. The lemongrass moisturizer smells great and the goodies on the sink really came in handy. You have cotton balls, cotton pads, emery board, shine and buff for shoes, etc. Oh, I forgot to mention that everything is controlled by the push of a button on the nightstand. You can make the lights low, or high and control the shades. The front desk was accommodating when we needed a couple of extra ice buckets. This place is pretty swanky so bringing in the cooler made me uncomfortable. lol. I would definitely come back here again!!
3	Dear Nene, thank you for coining the term "Boughetto" to combine all that is "bougie" and "ghetto" so I can perfectly describe our rooms at the Wynn.Boyfriend received 3 comped nights and some free play despite being a loyal MGM/Mirage player for years, so we decided to give the Wynn a try. It was the day after Thanksgiving, so we were hoping to grease our way to a suite or at least an upgraded standard room. No dice, but we did get a "renovated" room... que? Isn't this hotel like 5 years old?The hallways of all things were beautifully decorated in a tasteful blend of browns and creams. The rooms were another story... white marble, white tufted leather couches, white bar, then RED and PINK and YELLOW. It was like a Boca Raton retiree won the lotto. Despite the recent renovation our toilet paper dispenser was broken and daily room cleaning took ages (we had to call every day to make sure they came). I will give them props though for bringing up hypoallergenic sheets after I broke out in a rash due to their chemically processed linens.Everything from the spa/fitness center to the buffet had steeply raised their prices from published rates, and nothing seemed to compare to the MGM properties (specifically Mandalay) that were generally less expensive with better service.Also, the pool was completely closed despite posted winter hours. No biggie, but the hot tub looked alluring.One pro: it's across the street from the mall!
5	What can I say?  Everything about this hotel screams nice.1) Does not smell like smoke.2) Don't cater to young kids or families (which is nice not to see young kids roaming around the casino floor.)3) Hotel staff have been pleasant and friendly.Downside: WHAT IS UP WITH THE $20 per night resort fee?  Most other hotels are screaming for business and either waive the fee or no longer charge that.  Find other ways to make more money than charging this per night.  They already get that back and then some when people gamble there.  When they offer free nights, in the fine print they don't tell you that does NOT include the $20/per night resort fee.  But other than that, definite hotel to enjoy gambling and eating.
5	When Steve Wynn announced that he was going to build this hotel on the former Desert Inn property many years ago, I wondered how he was going to top the Bellagio, which was his signature hotel at that time.  Of course he created one of the most luxurious casino resorts that Vegas has ever seen....featuring:- A Ferrari dealership.- A luxurious poker room.- Spectacular rooms.- A 5 Star Golf Course.- Awesome restaurants, bars, and nightclubs.- High end gambling options.  This place is not for the low limit player.When my Wife and I want to treat ourselves to a nice evening, we come here.  Will I return?  You can count on it.
4	Seems to have lost a bit of its attitude since Aria, City Center, and The Cosmopolitan opened.  Still a beautiful property but aside from Alex and The Country Club the dining collection needs a revamp.
5	There is no other better place to have a buffet than the Wynn. Bellagio is second, but does not compare to the Wynn buffett selection.
4	We always enjoy staying at this hotel.  However I have to knock it down a point maybe a point and a half if we could do half points because our maid never replenished our toiletries with fresh new bottles of shampoo and shower gel.  Granted they were half full but I thought it was a bit tacky that they didn't give out new ones at least every other day if they were trying to save money.  Plus we like our room on the cooler side and EVERY time the maid came and left our thermostat would be reset to 72....very annoying.  A few years back while staying here we came back to our room while a supervisor was double checking the room after the maid worked on it.  The supervisor told us she did random checks on the quality of the rooms after the maid fixed it up.  Perhaps they need to step that up again cause it kinda left a little more to be desired this time around.  Still 4 stars cause over all the hotel is very nice, bright and decently ventilated.
5	Cashed in on the Expedia save $300 deal and got a flight from LAX to Vegas and 1-night at the Wynn (+$100 resort credit for food/bev) for $1.63. Yep, you read that correctly...1 dollar, 63 cents.The hotel itself wasnt too crowded for holiday season. Check-in was smooth and painless. I was able to check-in at 9AM, even though the listed time is 3PM. Very convenient!I stayed in a Deluxe Panoramic View room on the "59th" floor. Really I think its the 49th since the elevator skips 10 floor numbers. Not sure whats going on there. The rooms are pretty nice and definitely have a luxurious feel. The decor was okay, not really my style. No complaints at all about the room. The room controls are actually pretty cool. Make you you press "ALL ON" when you walk into the room. Most reno's on the strip are adding those features.The Terrace Pointe Cafe at the Wynn is pretty good. The Sangria was reasonably priced and delicious.The Mahi Mahi Tacos were awesome! Not too filling which was good since we were hitting the buffet later on.The Wynn Buffet is one of the best on the strip. I still think the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort Spa Casino in Henderson beats the Wynn's buffet hands down (and its cheaper). Check it out.The 24-hour cafe is way overpriced. I got a Turkey/Brie sandwich for $10.50 which was smaller than a Subway 6". I'm glad it was on the Wynn's tab.My group showed up to Blush lounge a little late (11, 11:30) and they tried to charge us full price ($30 guys, $20 girls) as hotel guests. Shady..no thanks. We took off and went to club Moon at the Palms and had an great time!Overall, my stay was great. Free food, free room, free trip! My total at checkout after the resort fee was about $40. However, I probably wouldn't stay here on my next trip. I'll probably checkout the newer properties like Aria and the Cosmopolitan. Props to anyone else that got on that expedia deal!
5	I've had the pleasure of being an Invited VIP since this hotel had it's grand opening and I must say...This is THE PREMIER Hotel in the world period.  Nothing comes close to staying at the Wynn or it's sister property The Encore.From the moment you drive up to the valet you get the feeling you are in a very exclusive place.  Privacy is of key importance and this Hotel while visible from the strip is tucked away among a great forest of trees and water falls.  The Wynn caters to it's hotel guests and treats them like the VIPs they are.  It's rather humorous that everyone refers to you as Mr. "your last name" whenever you are asking for service.  If you are not a guest do NOT expect the same treatment.This is not your typical "Vegas style" hotel in the sense that there is absolutely nothing average about or in it...Including food prices.  It is hard pressed to find a meal under $15 (sandwich or hamburger) let alone feed a family of 4 under $100 (if you're paying for it).  This is a 5 star AAA 5 diamond resort so the rooms are spectacular after the redesign, restaurants are also 5 star and the executive chef is always present, and the shops are equivalent to shopping on Rodeo Drive.  If you have the means, this is the place...If you're on a budget there is the "Mall" across the street with a food court.A little known secret is to have brunch at the Country Club past the Buffet.  The prices are reasonable ($30 per) for food and beverage but it over looks the Golf course and there is Patio dinning as well.  Also contrary to popular belief, I have 2 children that travel with me (ages 3 and 7) and if you are a guest in the hotel they treat you and the children like GOLD.  If you have a stroller they will tag it with a Wynn strap and you are free to roam anywhere.  If you are not a guest they do NOT allow anyone under 18 or strollers anywhere on the property.  I've been here so many times many of the bell hops and restaurant servers know my children by name.Cheers!
5	Superb!  Amazing suites..the bathroom itself could make a hotel room in any other casino.  Great accommodations, pool, restaurants..the buffet is decent (the best thing worth eating was the ravioli).  If I could stay here every time I came to Vegas, I would
5	Wynn = WinnnSalon Suite was awesome, pricey, but Awesome!
5	It is my desire for this hotel to be within my budget any time I visit town. My goodness, it smells really good, our view was BEAUTIFUL (facing the immense golf park and landing strip)...AND THEY DON'T ALLOW STROLLERS in their aisle ways (I do not hate children, I just do not the understand the concept of pushing a baby around at inappropriate places). I felt safe too, because they often checked for your hotel key card prior to entering the elevators that lead to the suites. They really monitor everything here, as I observed two ladies being stopped and diverted by hotel security when they appeared to be "indecent", wearing towels over their swimsuits in their heels. Our two bedroom suite was gorgeous, clean, and just heaven. The homebody in me wanted to stay in for most of the trip. Big LCD screen, soft beds and lots of pillows, and a gorgeous bathroom with two sinks and another tv-which was much appreciated when applying make up.Great shopping, casinos don't smell so strongly of smoke, large clean pools.They often have some big name shows too. Deliiiggghtful. If you can manage to get a free room and or shell out the large clams, definitely stay here. I loved it so much here, that I even bought their oil scent that they mist the hotel with. ;)
1	Pointless for a person without money to go in there. If you are an economically disadvantaged person, then  this here is a vacant lot in Las Vegas. Rich people or fools who pose as them go in there. No strollers by Aileen explains a lot. The expensive buffet says a lot too.
4	Being a frequent flyer to Vegas I must comment on the Wynn property.I have stayed at most of the 4/5 star hotels but keep coming back to the Wynn.I really enjoy the layout of the hotel and the location on the strip.Easy access to anywhere.The Adult Pool is great with music and the Pool bar folks really take care of the guests.I know most by name.There are several good placs to eat within the Wynn but I usually venture out.Gaming is good and there are several cool bars and clubs on the property.The rooms are big and ALWAYS clean and if you need anything they make it happen for you.Great deals in the summer too !
5	I was here this past weekend for the second time.  I was there the first month it opened.  I loved it then in May and loved staying there in January as well.  This is one of the best hotels i have stayed at.  I  have been to many Ritz and Four Seasons...and this by far is the most AMAZING.  Food choices, staff, rooms = fantastic!!!!
5	I have stayed at several hotels in Las Vegas and hands down this is the best yet. Yes it has amazing decor, food, nightlife, etc, but in this case what put the icing on the cake was the customer service. Everyone from the front desk to the cleaning staff are sweet and super helpful. Everyone has a big smile on their face all the time - and that to me is the epitome of a great hotel.
5	Steve Wynn, you are a genius! I wish one day to meet you and understand your approach to business and life. Anything this man touches, turns into a success.Wynn and Encore are my favorite places to stay, dine, and entertain in Las Vegas. One thing i do miss about the Wynn, is the restaurant by Daniel Boulud. things that i highly recommend visiting at the wynn include: dinner at SW, cocktails out on the pond, partying it up at XS, gambling at Encore (for some reason, i have better luck at Encore), and golf. I also feel that Wynn has probably the best comps in Vegas so make sure you register yourself before gaming.
3	Valet department need attention, bad attitude, you just drive a s class for someone, it's not yous!
5	I really do want to do give a 4.5 but alas.. we can't do half stars.  I recently stayed here on a business trip and the half star would only be because they did not warn on the pre-authorization form that I would have to pay $150 a night for incidentals.  I thought the whole purpose of the pre-authorization form was so that all charges would go on the company card that I did not have in my hands.But I have to first say - this is a HUGE step up from the Rio last year. The staff were all very friendly, the rooms were incredibly nice, and there are so many restaurants, bars, clubs, etc that I never had to leave the casino. For the conference that was also held in the hotel, they offered quite the extensive coffee/tea bar for free that was much appreciated for late nights and early mornings that come with a conference.The bathtubs are awesome - really big - and the flat screen in the bathroom makes for a perfect relaxing last night for a bubble bath, movie and glass of red wine :)Oh and the singing frog/ floating head show at the waterfall is entertaining.. a little freaky.. but entertaining...The only downside is that it is the Wynn so on the high side of prices for food, drinks and basically everything.  But well worth it!
5	This hotel had many things to offer. I loved how the area was clean and spacious. The bars and lounges were excellent and the high end gambling sections were nice. The buffet was soo good!
3	Like the other high-end Strip hotels in Vegas, the Wynn is beautiful.  We upgraded to a 60th floor room overlooking the strip with floor to ceiling windows (with really cool push-button controls).  It was still less than $200/night.  The casino is relatively small compared to the other nicer hotels.  It's hard to find blackjack less than $15/hand.  Also, their dining program has recently taken a huge hit with the closure of Alex.  The Wynn is also very far north and it's about 1.5 miles to get to the middle of the strip.We stayed there because I had a convention there (and they gave us a great rate).  However, if we have our choice next time, we'll stay somewhere slightly nicer and more centrally located.
2	this is a beautiful casino, but unless you are dressed like you have thougsands of dollars to spend, don't expect any service or any room at the tables.
1	This review is for my fellow moms and dads! Some of us are not a-holes like Mr. Wynn and have our children carried by nannies everywhere. We were roaming around Vegas with our 3 month old and decided to hit up the Wynn buffet. As soon as we get in, a man stops us and tells us that "Mr. Wynn does not allow strollers because it is a safety hazard". Right.... and if everyone pushed around a Gucci stroller would it still be as dangerous? That's some BS baby discrimination, so we left! I think those with families should not support this place. You're an a-hole "Mr. Wynn"!!
5	i love the wynn!! plus, its even better when you go through hotwire :)the rooms are really spacious and they have the cafe downstairs thats open when you are stumbling back to your room and drunk and hungry!  macaroons while drunk? best thing ever!!
5	4.5 stars. Here we go, HEAD TO HEAD COMPARISON:  Stayed at Encore one-year ago--slightly more stunning (bigger/more stylish rooms in comparison to "Wynn").  This is uber-luxury as all the reviews will signal to you.  A couple reviews below, a gentlemen suggested that he would stay "someplace nicer" next time to LV.  Sir, I would like to fight you--such a place does not exist!Wynn (and Encore also) is impeccably clean, doesn't cater to children, and will cost you at each turn.  Room service/ minibar prices are out of sight.  We always eat a meal or two on the property and explore the Strip and Vegas for the rest (only so many meals you can schill before the receipts in your wallet start to haunt you).The Wynn resort rooms were recently renovated in Fall, 2010, including updates on colorings of hallways, bedding, artwork, curtains in the room, and furniture upgrades. Spa (per the Wife) is lovely and service was top notch on a custom massage.  Nice "private" entry via the room elevators (Though she informs me that the spa at Encore feels more "secluded" vis-a-vis the Salon and people coming and going).No real problem of note: the ludicrous $129 in minibar charges (ONLY 8 items!!) appeared on my television guest bill folio.  These were quickly removed with a single call to the front desk (and a single inquiry to me ["Sir is it possible that someone put anything/ moving anything in fridge?"  Me: "No ma'am, we only dared examine the $12 bag of potato chips; we didn't even open the fridge during our stay!"].  This too is illustrative of the attitude you'll find--you're the boss, you just have to pay SW's price (which BTW, slow season rates continue to bewilder--midweek under $150 per night= absolute bargain).Restaurants are top notch at both properties.  But "Wynn's Casino"  has the advantage, IMO, on size, feel, traffic, and most of all--the only poker room between the properties is housed at Wynn's casino space.SW- I admire you. You are a business hero; your personal style is iconic and I love to visit your world.  I confess that I actually watch your Wynn promo [NOTE: yes, i said "PROMO"] programming more than I watch television channels during the few moments of down time.
5	I had a fantastic stay this week at the Wynn Tower Suites! Rm 3404 had close proximity to the elevator (perfect for those late night walks back to the room in uncomfortable heels!) but not too close from a noise standpoint and it had an amazing view of the golf course from enormous floor to ceiling picture windows. I had reserved a King room at the Wynn on an email promotional rate of $129/ nt, but when I checked in, I was offered an upgrade to the Wynn Tower Suites for $25/ nt more. Because the mandatory Wynn "Resort Fee" of $20/ nt which covers internet & fitness club access) is waived in the Tower Suites area of hotel, the net out of pocket was only $5/nt so I happily agreed, especially as my King Tower Suite was available immediately when I was checking in at around noon. The other big advantages of the Tower Suites side of hotel is how quiet and secure it is in the VIP area including a private entrance for check in/out and quick taxi service plus a dedicated restaurant called Tableau with excellent mid-priced food and warm, personal service for Tower guests.The suite itself was spacious and well laid out with a sitting area, a swivel flat screen which could be easily viewed from bed or living room area. The bed and pillows were fantastic and the lemongrass bath amenities were generously sized and of a high quality. Wi-fi was fast and reliable. :) Oh- one last note: I forgot a small item in the room and called from the airport to ask if they could look for it and not only did the hotel staff react immediately and call me back within about 30 min to tell me that they had found it, they UPS overnighted it to my home address at no charge! GREAT service!! I can't wait to reserve a stay here again and I will do everything I can to finagle an upgrade to the Tower Suites either during the reservation or check in process. It was a bit of relaxed heaven in chaotic Las Vegas!
1	Been playing and staying in Vegas for over 30 years now. Have not stayed at wynn but had a very negative experience in the casino. After losing some 500 bucks or so I sat down at the bar to play some video poker and enjoy a drink before leaving. The bartender brings me the drink and asks me for $15.  I said "I'm playing this machine ". He said it didn't matter and that their casino doesn't operate like all the others. I said "really, is this anew rule because I was playing this same machine a few hours ago and the bartender was bringing me drinks like crazy". Got up and left after suggesting that he use the Bacardi and coke as a colonic solution.  Will never step foot in Wynn or encore again.
5	Ballin'!!  Love this place to stay or play.  I definitely try to stay here when i am in town.  This place is very classy with it's beautiful decor.  Also, club  XS is here!!  The buffet is not shabby at all...but i usually prefer to dine at their other restaurants in the casino.
4	Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous.  Love the Wynn and Encore.  I was just there a few weeks ago for a conference, and well, it's just an amazing time even tho it was work. They'd get 5 full stars if their food venues are slightly less expensive, especially their "cafes"... a quick lunch of half sandwich and soup, plus a soda, was still $20+ and not that good.  That just seem silly when you can spend the same amt for a buffet.
4	I'm a fan of buffets as much as Charlie Sheen enjoys unpaid sex...what too soon?But if you do find yourself in Vegas and a buffet is needed, then the Wynn is the only one you should dine in. The Prime Rib is constantly the best in town. The constant supply of King Crab legs is enough to feed everyone who's lost money in Vegas...which definitely includes me.The plethora of food found at the Wynn is comparable to other Big Hotel Buffets, but seems unrivaled in quality and motif. So why not stop by the Wynn Buffet and get some sustenance for that long shameful trek home at 3am in the morning. Don't worry, it's less shameful when you're full.
1	Living proof that casinos own public officials - a 3 day banquet for 3,000 guests from all over the world, and the food is an 'open trough.' It was disgusting, to say the least. Shame on the executives at the Wynn for not providing a healthy atmosphere to dine. At the buffets, there are sneeze guards, enforced by the health department. But not required at banquets, so not provided. The executives at the Wynn have the experience to know better. Seeing people laugh, cough, sneeze, and simply talk over open containers of food was primitive. Shame on the Wynn. Only classy on the surface.
1	Extremely pricey, rude security guards, super snotty casino dealers and staff.  Beautiful decor and nice rooms, but for sure not worth the price nor the stick in your butt attitude.
1	Ya, I thought Wynn doesn't allow people to push baby stroller into "the buffet".. I was wrong......We couldn't even step into "the Wynn" with a stroller. The guy told us unless we live in there. That is totally a BS rule. I was controlling my temper and kept on telling myself there must be a reason ppl like Wynn....such as their buffet is so wonderful...and......I was wrong "AGAIN". Their buffet food was nasty. the crab had smell. the lobster was not fresh, the meat was soft and disgusting. I'll never go back to that BS hotel.
3	My husband and I stayed at the Wynn for the first time and enjoyed it.  The staff especially at the Taxi area and the entrance to the hotel were amazing - very helpful and friendly.  Our room was very pretty, clean and fairly quiet (my favourite part) considering it was Vegas.  On the downside when we walked through the casino we smelled smoke and that was very disappointing. When we stayed at the Mandalay Bay 2 e bed was not very comfortable and I woke up with a sore back both days.Overall it was a very nice stay except for the smoky smell.  I don't know if I would return.
5	I absolutely LOVE this hotel and it is one of my top 3 hotels in Vegas! Pool, spa, big rooms, big tub, windows, awesome bed, curtain open/closes at the touch of a button, comfy robes... HEAVEN!
4	I stayed here last September and boy it was soooo nice and modern. Everything was so clean and I especially loved the bathroom, it was so big. I got the suite, which came with a nice size living room. It was very luxurious and love the fact that XS, Tryst were near by. Also love the shops, I was in heaven. Blush lounge was cool too, they have free champagne on certain nights (don't know if it's for ladies only or not).The swimming pool areas were really cool. So it happens that my family and I was walking to the pool area and the first spot we walked into was surprisingly the nude pool. I didn't realized it until I turned around and saw something out of left field. The bar/gambling area separates the nude pool and regular pool. So if you're adventurous, go for it :-)The reason why I didn't give it five stars is because you have to pay for using the gym. Come on, even with some some in vegas have to squeeze in personal gym time ! I think it should be an accommodation that all hotel guesses should have especially if you booked a suite. The rooms are not cheap, but you can find deals. It ranges from $250 and up per day, but prices can change due to staying days.
5	Bartolotta Di Mare Restaurant was absolutely amazing!The seafood is flown in daily from Italy.The palates are incredibly mouth watering even though its served in small portions. The hotel is beautiful!
5	Beautiful hotel with a great shopping Esplanade (can you beat 2 chanel stores and hermes in one place, Ummm NOPE)!!!I played craps here and really enjoyed the Casino and the dealers, who were very helpful to a Newb like me.  Most importantly, THANK YOU STEVE WYNN for having Garth Brooks . . . I will continue returning so long as Garth is performing here . ..  otherwise, I may have to head over to Caesar's Palace to see Celine.Well, at least if Garth leaves SW Steakhouse is at this hotel . . . beware reading my SW review, it's pretty XXX rated!!
5	Really a very nice hotel, they took care of us, very spacious Tower suite The views were outstanding.  The hotel staff did an outstanding job taking care of us. Bartolotta Di Mare does good as it gets. As a foodie I am very particular when it comes to fine dinning and this restaurant was spot on. I will continue to book my Las Vegas stays here.
5	I absolutely love, love, LOVE The Wynn! Some of my favorite Vegas memories live here. Unlike other casinos, I can actually breathe in clean air and not walk around teary eyed and irritated by all the second hand smoke. The ventilation is superb, the modern decor is elegant and captivating, and you're bound to wake up with a story worth telling after partying at the Wynn (or Encore). Home of one of my favorite pools on the strip. They have a European-style pool sectioned off from the minors. So yes, you may catch a glimpse of more skin than usual...but hey, it's Vegas. There's no surprises here. As crowded as this pool can get, there's always plenty of lounge chairs up for grabs. There's even a few tables outside overlooking the water, so if sunbathing isn't in your interest, feel free to gamble away. The Wynn Buffet is also not something you want to miss out on. They serve a wide variety of ethnic cuisines and some of the best Alaskan crab legs in town. The ample sized rooms are beautifully decorated, and unfortunately, can cost and arm and a leg. Believe me, it's worth staying here. My only gripe is how dimly lit the living room can be. Not a girl's best friend if she's trying to put on her makeup in the hallway. There's always some kind of deal for players card members that include discounted rooms and resort credits. The front desk always tells me I can't use the credit to pay for a part of the room, but it still gets taken out during check out anyway. This place will make you fall in love with Vegas, so get ready.
4	Loved our stay at the Wynn, perfect place for you and your girlfriends to party all weekend.  They we're a tad pretentious, but it was expected.  Love the decor and gigantic bathrooms!  They did charge us twice for the champagne we ordered to the room for a birthday and it took quite a while for them to fix it but it wasn't too much of a problem.  Would definitely come back to this hotel.
4	The hotel is pricey, depending on the day and month it can run anywhere between $200-$600/night. Despite the price, this hotel remains one of my favorite. The interior is so pretty and bright. The rooms are spacious and super clean and the pool is fabulous! The hotel is also conveniently located right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall.
1	Horrible!!!My keys won't work at 3 in the morning, we had to wait for security who were no where to be found for 30 minutes.   Front door told me to "Jimmy" with the door.  That actually worked....    No 5 star hotel doors should be "Jimmied",  period. Towels took 30 minutes as well!!!!  Palazzoo and THEhotel are both head and shoulders above the Wynn.
1	$4000 worth of electronics and clothing were stolen from my room.  Hotel management (assistant manager Bryan Dillehay was my contact) and security was extremely unhelpful and incompetent, and denied my claim.The icing on the cake:  Being charged $3 for a TOLL FREE call from my room, because my cell phone was stolen.
2	Hubby and I make a trek to Vegas every summer to reconnect and just "be", stayed at The Wynn in June 2010 for the first time.   STUNNING looks but lacking in service and security....check in took over an hour - we stood in 1 line and suddenly that line just closed leaving us and a few others ahead of us to go to the BACK of the line somewhere else. No explanation, nothing.  Just ridiculous.   The next day was our first visit to the pool.   Very nice,  but lots of unattended wild kids.   Yes it's a free country but these kids were just nuts, running all over the place, splashing right where we were sitting. Sorry, but if I had to hear screamimg kids yell "MARCO...POLO" one more time I was going to lose it!  We eventually had enough and just left the pool.   On our way out I mentioned this to security (they have signs posted that children must be accompanied at all times).  The guy just shrugged and said they'd "check into it" but he never left his seat.   Not to be bitchy but when I'm on vacay I don't want someone elses kids in my face constantly.   So we get back to our room and the security lock bar was turned to keep the door propped open so we were a little freaked but went inside and nothing appeared to be taken.  I honeslty think after reading reviews on this site at a few places about theft issues of peoples rooms bring broken into that the housekeeping did this to allow somene else to come in and rob our room but we came back from the pool too soon (guess I SHOULD thank those unruly kids for that one).... we immediately called down to security who came up to our room and because nothing was taken that we could see, was indifferent and acted as it it was no big deal.  He said he thinks housekeeping must have accidentally did that (seriously????) Why would security even do that, cmon'....   I called down to the front desk and explained what happened and asked to speak to the manager and was put on "perma-hold" so eventually hung up,  I did eventually make contact with a manager (Tim I think) who was pretty indifferent about it as well. When something like that happens it sort of ruins your thoughts about a place regardless of anything else that may have been good.   Will we return there? Doubtful, we're headed back to Vegas in May 2011 and am staying at The Palazzo.....
3	Well it is upperclass and the drink prices are pretty severe here. But it is worth checking out. However it resembles the Bellagio and is not that unique when you compare the other High end hotels like Aria and Cosmo.
5	We don't go to Vegas much, but the last time we did we stayed at the Wynn.  It was AWESOME!!  From the moment we walked up to the front door we were treated like VIP's.  From the doorman, to the girl at the front counter, everyone that works there knows what customer service means.We paid a little more to get a room near the top and it was worth it.  The room was great.  Very nicely decorated and the bed was soooooo comfortable.  I'm not a kid person, so I really liked that they have an adult's only pool.About the only bad thing about the place was that you can hear the music from the dance club that is on the other side of the pool at night.  That club must be hella loud because we were near the top of the hotel and I could still hear the pulse of the bass.The Wynn is a great hotel with a great staff.  We will definitely stay there again if we go back to Vegas.
5	This place is beautiful.  All the employees were so nice.
4	Came to the Wynn for dinner so I cannot comment on rooms or amenities.  Walked around to check out the place.  It is beautiful to say the least.  However, paying $25 for two vodka tonics kind of sucks... but I have grown used to this....
4	If there is one thing the Wynn exudes, it's glamour. High-end designer shops abound that will make the average Joe feel poor, such as the Hermes shop I browsed while I was waiting for the rest of the family. This casino is very clean with an expensive feel all over that extends even to the bathrooms! The bathrooms caught me in shock by how impeccably clean and classy they looked! It was like I was in a palace!We came here to see the Sinatra show, so I got to experience the theater. It's quite small, but I only have the Pantages in LA to compare it too. But I didn't experience any comfort issues so I have nothing to complain about.There's also a Ferrari/Maserati dealership here to contribute to the high-end atmosphere, and a Ferrari store that sells many unbelievably overpriced goodies. I guess these stores only exist at places like the Beverly Center and London's Regent Street (the other two I've been to) for a reason...I enjoyed my experience here  - I even won some money! But be prepared to part with your money if you choose to do so here.
5	High five and low ten to the Wynn empire. These ballers know how to roll. The decor is a little oddball, but I guess that's the style there were going for. Oddball or not, everything feels glamorous and expensive. The room I stayed in was on the 57 floor; in the corner; AWESOME! So comfortable and roomy, I wish i could live there (or go back this weekend!). XS is by far my favorite club -the crowd is hip and the DJ is bumpin! Service is great, staff are friendly. There is really no where I can complain about anything. I drank like a fish and didn't even get a hangover; and I thank the Wynn for that little extra bit of magic. Worth mentioning, the water pressure is so amazing. It wasn't very water-wise, but I took showers just to be blasted in the most heavenly spray from shower heaver. Now that I have experienced it, I will definitely stay here every time I come to Vegas. It is pricey, but worth every shiny penny for memories that you don't remember having!
5	Stayed 3/11 - 3/13 with a few buddies to support a friend who was fighting that weekend.  Booked a room via Priceline for $149/night and upon arrival upgraded to the Tower Suites (#2201) for an additional $100/night.  Seemed like a great deal split amongst the 5 of us. Room slept 5 rather comfortably including those who slept on floor and  couch...panoramic view of the golf course, 1000 square feet, 2 restrooms, even all toiletries were included. Best of all, the Tower Suites were literally within 15 yards of every imaginable necessity.  Pool?  "Secret" taxi line? Check-in desk?  Check, check and check.  Valet retrieved vehicle in midst of my third drag on a cigarette every damn time.  How dare they be so quick. All staff were personable, knowledgeable, helpful without an once of pretension or visible frustration.  I get the sense every employee regardless of their position on the org. chart had a healthy degree of pride and fulfillment in their given roles.Wynn has officially set the standard for customer service.
4	Wynn Las Vegas is known for its elegance and glamorous ambience and that is exactly what I've experienced. The casino has its elegant look compare to other hotels. Casino staff as well as restaurant staff are very friendly and helpful. The room is very spacious. The sheets and beddings are soft and smooth to touch. The bathroom is also as spacious and it has a separate shower and tub and a separate toilet. Room service exceeds expectation. They even laid our personal toiletries on a towel which makes the counter sink clean and neat. The Buffet has great selection of food, not to mention buckets of crab legs (that you kind of have to fall in line for - but it's worth it) . Their steak is very tender and is well complimented with the quite salty string beans. And my favorite is their dessert bar!!! They have quite a variety of good sweets from cupcakes, chocolate coated marshmallows, chocolate coated strawberries, chocolate coated red apples, gelato, cakes, and those sweets in plastic shot glasses (I don't know what they're called but they're yummy - they have variety of flavors including lemon meringue, strawberry jam, custard, etc). Oh, and they also have creme brule which is my most favorite in the dessert bar. We went around 3pm and it was only $25. All worth it!We stayed here for 4 days/3 nights (03.28-03.31) for $120 a night. It was very convenient for us because most of our activities were held in the hotel. We went to XS for the first night then we watched La Reve for the second night (which I definitely recommend watching - it's a MUST see!). XS was awesome. We were able to skip the lines for buying our tickets early at the hotel's concierge (+++). Although, it was playing house music at first which refrain us from dancing but when the DJ started playing Jennifer's "On the floor" the dance floor was filled in a matter of a second. The club was very elegant. Too bad they didn't open the pool side. It would have been cool to be able to hang out by the pool after hours of dancing on heels.The only two things I did not like is that it does not have free wifi. You have to pay (I think) $14 to be able to use their wifi in your hotel room. There is also a fee to use their gym for guests of guests (or non-registered guests which I guess is fair enough). BUT their European pool is way awesome!!! They have a pool side that is for adults only. And the jacuzzi, I love it!I would definitely love to stay in this hotel again. Although, I'd also like to try other hotels as well. :)
5	The Wynn is like the popular cheerleader in highschool, everyone wants to be her, and it is forever what you compare everything else to.  I have stayed here twice now, and after a recent one night stay after staying at the Venetian, I realized just how superior it is compared to every other hotel in Las Vegas.  The rooms are STUNNING--absolutely gorgeous, without being over the top.  OUrs was on the 6th floor done in whites, and beige, with a beautiful bathroom, huge tub, and stand up shower.  We had a view of the Encore, but I didn't mind.  The staff is the most friendly staff I have ever encountered, always quick to tell you a true Vegas story or sighting, and have always been the most helpful with questions, or suggestions.  The service is immpecable.  The property is ALWAYS looking well kept and beautiful, with some of the best shopping inside.  (Cartier, Rolex, ect)  The selection of dining, bars, and gambling is the best in Las Vegas.  I don't know if I can ever cheat on the Wynn again, being I just keep coming back to it over and over again.
3	It always takes me a couple of weeks to process a hotel stay. Here I go:The Wynn hotel is way too nice of a hotel for me and my family. However, we lucked out because my husband was on a business trip for the ConExpo and his boss booked the rooms. Thank god we got reimbursed. However, even if we could afford to stay here normally, I'm not sure this is the place I'd choose. It was perfectly luxurious in every way, from the rooms to the lobby to the huge waterfall outside. But it was just sort of unnecessary. Not that I really wanted to stay at Circus Circus or anything. But there are nice hotels I've stayed in (the Mirage being one, or MGM) where it's nice without being overstated or gaudy. I realize Vegas is, by definition, over-the-top, but it wasn't needed here. We have a very young daughter and I probably would have been more comfortable at a place without an excess of nightclubs, lounges, and people giving me "that look" every time we walked around the casino to get outside. Not to mention the secondhand smoke. Someone else had mentioned they couldn't even tell, but I could, and it was really bad.Now that I've got my pettiness out of the way, let me discuss the pros:-FOOD. Amazing. There's a pizza place that tries to replicate NY pizza (and partially succeeds, in my opinion), a deli that wowed me, and a great little cafe to get snacks, breakfast, coffee, and so on. We didn't eat at any of the nicer places here, but I would have liked to had we not had a little one in tow.-BUFFET: Didn't try it. For $35 per person, I'd rather get pizza and beer.-SHOPPING. Not only are there designer shops in the lobby's esplanade, but there's also a huge mall right across the street with just about anything you could want. We spent three days just walking around and I only bought one thing (with the exception of food). But there's just so much to see that it's great to window shop, especially when you don't just want to walk up and down the strip and you don't have a car.-ROOMS: This gets a plus and a minus. The room was ridonkulous. Great view of the strip, great bedding, controls for lights and window shades/sheers from your bedside, a couch, a desk, a table and chairs, a big flat-screen mounted to the wall, THOSE ROBES (you know the ones), and a bathroom superior to all others anywhere I've stayed. Warm lighting, jacuzzi tub, shower with glass doors, a great line of products (body wash, lotion, shampoo, etc.), tv/remote in the bathroom, lighted vanity mirror, and more towels than you could ever know what to do with.On the bad side? On one night, there was this whirring sound that turned into a full-on shrill whistle that kept waking us up. After searching all over the place we finally concluded that it was coming from the door, which wasn't fully "sealed" when shut. If I pressed it closed more, the sound stopped, but when I let go, it would make that shrill noise every five minutes or so. I went in the hallway to see if any other doors were open slightly -- I thought maybe it was creating some sort of "wind tunnel" effect. Nope. I called downstairs and the guy's suggestion? "Put a towel under the door." Gee, thanks. I mean, it worked, but that's neither good customer service nor is it classy in the least. Nor should I have to do that for the noise to stop! I didn't insist someone come up, because it was late and we were all sleeping. But it was EXTREMELY annoying.Also, you have to pay for wifi in the rooms. FML. $14 a day PER computer? No way. At least it's free in the cafe and in the pizza place.-POOLS: there were five of them, all in the same outdoor area. No indoor pool is a minus in my book, because it was only in the 60s. Oh well.-CASINO: I don't gamble, but it looked ok. Nothing special. On my last night there, I took a dollar from my wallet and gave it a go. I won seven bucks, then lost it all. Big surprise.-STAFF: Other than the less than helpful guy at the front desk the night I called, the staff were courteous, professional, and helpful.Would I stay there again? Probably not. Would I recommend it? Probably, depending on your personality and what you desired from your stay. It really is an "adult" hotel. But don't let the fancy decor fool you ... there were plenty of people walking around in scrubby clothes here too.
1	You're kidding, right?  You can't control the music in the nightclub and even though we are on the 24th floor and can feel our bed bouncing to the rhythm of the bass that's not your problem?Multiple employees told me you have to deal with this constantly and management won't pay attention to the complaints. I have a suggestion to get it fixed....how about Mr. Wynn and his wife stay a night in one of your "non-quiet rooms" ( your term, not Mine) on a night when the club is going. I'll give you 2:1 the problem gets resolved the next day. What a joke....never again.
5	The most amazing hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. My friends and I miraculously got some deal here for spring break and it worked out to be super cheap for us to stay here for a week. We were probably the only people there under 35 and were definitely the only spring break students. This suspicion was only proven when we called the front desk one night at 4am asking for late night pizza delivery places and they had no idea who to call (they ended up looking in the phonebook for us). All kidding aside, this is an absolutely magnificent hotel. The lobby, clubs, and shops were all beautiful, expensive, and of the highest quality. Our room was extremely spacious and we had a breathtaking view of The Strip out the window. Whenever you laid down on the bed you could not help but melt into it and fall instantly asleep since it was so comfortable. There was enough space in the bathroom to handle the cosmetics and toiletry items five college women on spring break with no problem. Although the pool was closed when we visited we did have access to the Encore's amenities instead so we were able to use their pools. Both the standard and "adult" pools were lovely and the jacuzzi was extremely relaxing. With the mall across the street you can also easily go shopping, find some cheap things to eat, or drop by the liquor store inside.In summation, the Wynn is absolutely brilliant and no other hotel in Vegas (except the Encore, I guess) can hold a candle to it!
4	Very simply put, this is what Bellagio used to be. Very clean and excellent service. Prices are sky high but that kind of keeps the riffraff out. Break out the platinum card and throw caution to the wind and enjoy yourself. Good on you Mr. Wynn
5	Fantastic hotel with an Incredible lobby. Beautiful large upmarket rooms with remote controlled drapes which open to reveal beautiful floor to ceiling views. A large 46" HDTV swung in front of the bed. High end linen and a huge king sized bed. The bathroom was spacious with a television and marbled floors. Various shopping, restaurants and gorgeous pool. We ate at the pool restaurant. The views of course were excellent. The food and service were good. A nice place to enjoy a relaxing lunch.I was there for a conference. I called valet in the morning and by the time I walked to the lobby, my vehicle was there. After the conference the valet would park my car. Great hotel for business and pleasure. Of course I got the business and my wife got the pleasure! She spent the days resting in bed, reading by the pool or lunching at the restaurant. Something wrong there.I got three days at this hotel for $99/day and a $100 credit to use at the hotel. Can't beat that.Exc - Rooms, service, lobby, pool, valet.Good - None.Ave - None.Poor -  None.WOULD I GO BACK? ABSOLUTELY!
5	Is there really anything to say about this hotel that hasnt been said before. This place is amazing! The nicest looking casino in Las Vegas. It has the coolest clubs in my opinion (XS, Surrender, Tryst). This place is expensive but in most cases you get what you pay for. You can walk across the street to the surfboard mall (thats what i call it) and get a cheap meal at the food court which has about 20 options.If you come to vegas and you have never been to the Wynn you should atleast make some time to come and check this place out, You wont be disappointed!
5	This is one of my favorite hotels in the world and it's certainly the best one in Las Vegas.  If you can afford to do so I'm not sure why you would want to stay anywhere else on the the Strip.The first thing that sets the Wynn apart from any other hotel in the area is the style.  The moment you walk into the resort you feel a distinct sense of place.  You will never completely forget that you are in Las Vegas but I do think Wynn was successful in designing something that feels truly unique and personal compared to so many of the other places in Vegas that are big exercises in brand-y fantasy fulfillment (even the pretty cool new Cosmopolitan hotel is clearly just a Vegas-attempt to create a boutique-on-steroids!)  To maintain that distinction here, the design of the hotel goes to great lengths to obfuscate your view of Las Vegas.  Many of the restaurants and bars look out on trees, waterfalls and pools instead of the neon glow of the Strip, which definitely helps to maintain the overall style and feel of the place.  You almost feel like you're in a luxury resort perched somewhere in North Carolina instead of Nevada.  Don't worry, for those of you who came to Las Vegas to experience the city itself, all of the Strip-facing rooms have some of the best views of the place possible.Beyond gambling there are a bunch of good places to eat (most require separate reviews) and drink.  I've been to Tryst and while it's not really my kind of vibe I can definitely recommend the place to the average, classy-ish young/middle-aged person who wants to spend a fair bit of cash to hook up with someone.  I loved the SW Steakhouse, the now-defunct Boulud restaurant and even the little coffee shop near the end of the shops.  About the only thing I wouldn't recommend is Alex but I want to eat there one more time before writing up a review.So yeah, the Wynn is great and I recommend it above all other hotels in the Las Vegas area.
5	Despite being "local" now, I still really enjoy taking "staycations" on the Strip. Wynn is at the top of my list for places to spend the night. They have some of the best clubs and lounges (Tryst and Blush) on the Strip and the rooms are amazing. The casino itself has a swanky feel that transcends any "theme."This place serves as a great retreat when you just want to get away and the service is always great.The only possible drawback is that you really do have to pay for all of the above.
5	LOVE THE WYNN!!!  I have stayed at several other hotels in LV and the Wynn is a definite stand out.  It has a level of classiness and luxury that no other hotel possesses.  It is immaculate and has extremely friendly and accommodating staff.  The first time my husband and I stayed at the Wynn was during one of our honeymoon "stops."  They upgraded our room, sent us a card and some beautiful chocolates!  It's the little things that make Wynn truly stand out among the rest!
4	This hotel is amazing with their decorations, expensive stores, and awesome foods.  They can give you a free upgrade in the room if you mention your special occasion for staying at the hotel.
4	Let me start by making you jealous.  We received an offer for a 3 night stay, buffet for 2 and 2 tix to La Reve for $349.  Yes, all of that for so little.  Basically what you would call a steal of a deal.  Steve Wynn must have been feeling REALLY generous.  He must be having pity of the "little" people such as ourselves.Now on to my review and I will not be redundant. What a resort!  You do not have to ever leave it because everything you need is on premises.  The room was awesome with a spectacular view on the 37th floor, room 3749 to be exact.  It was a King Deluxe and my fav features were the tub for 2 with waterfall filler, separate toilet (which is good when you live with a man).  The furnishings were quality down to the note paper stock.  The service was great, with friendly, courteous staff.  The atmosphere despite it's elegance was comfortable and not too snooty.My not so fav features were the loud booming music waves from the clubs at 4am but that was easily solved with earplugs.  Other not so fav thing was that you have 60 seconds to pick-up a stocked food item before you are charged.  Really?!  I mean, really?!  I felt like a kid being watched by mom as she warned, "Don't touch a thing, you hear!"The buffet, oh, the buffet.  It was our first buffet on this trip and after going to the Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood buffets we realized we were spoiled and didn't appreciate it's quality.  As crab lovers, we were disappointed that they only had snow crab and not king as I had read on reviews.  To top it off, some were very salty with an occasional one here and there that was just right.  The peeled, fresh shrimp were perfectly cooked.  Our favorite by far, was a trout Roulette on a crostini which was so flavorful and literally is making my mouth water as I type this.  All the food was fresh and presented nicely.  For free, the price was right but we both agreed that we will visit it again and it's worth the 40 bucks. Without a doubt, if we get another deal we will make the Wynn our home.  It was a great experience!
5	I loved our room- two flat screen TVs, floor to ceiling windows & an amazing view of the strip!!!!  The bed was wonderful.  Our room was large, complete with a two peson dining area, sitting area, working space & a king size bed & room to walk around.  The bathroom was wonderful with a deep soaking tub.  The lemongrass shampoo and bath gel smelled divine.  Great rooms, great view, great service, excellent food- banquet facillities were nice-casino did not smell of smoke-I won at craps so this place was perfect all around...we were here for a 3 day business meeting so we had use of the banquet, meeting room facilities in addition to all the other wonderful public areas of this hotel.   I would pay to stay here on my own dime...loved it!!!
5	LOVE it here!  My favorite part of my Vegas trip was laying poolside and relaxing!
5	Although I didn't stay at the Wynn (I wish I had), I spent a lot of time there because the hotel I stayed in royally sucked. Friendly staff with cocktail waitresses that are prompt with the drinks while you are gambling. Usually not too long of a wait for a seat at a poker table. Clean with tasteful decor; lots to look at. Good variety of places to eat and drink at.
5	Do you like fancy pants? This is a place to find fancy pants. I have not personally stayed here, but I found that the overall atmosphere is bursting from the seams with classy. The girls that hang around the slot machines are even prettier.  It's like all of the old ladies are replaced by 19 year olds trying to win with a slot machine.  As the Wynn is one of the newer hotels, the design is more vibrant and I really like how everything is mapped.  I personally didn't do any of the clubbing, but I hear good things.  There's always deals around Vegas so I suggest keeping your eyes open and staying here whenever you can. It's worth the price and definitely worth just visiting.
5	Perfect. Everything was perfect. I was here the same weekend that the owner, Steve, was getting married. The staff was amazing, this place is truly top notch. I will be staying here next month when I come back for sure.
2	My wife and I just returned from a 2 night 3 day trip to Vegas and we stayed at the Wynn.  We loved our room...spacious, comfortable, large window overlooking the golf course..and we generally liked the hotel for its natural light, restaurants and the Water Light show BUT Friday night the NOISE from the night clubs (Wynn has one and Encore has one) kept us up until 4 AM!  The bass was so loud our room was pounding and we were on the 35th floor!  Complaints to the staff were met with I am sorry but nothing we can do about it.  They said guests were complaining all the way up to the 50th floor (there are only 60 floors).  I cannot recommend this hotel on weekends if you want to sleep.  How could you design a resort with such a noise problem?
5	So my friend invited me to come with her since her boyfriend had payed for a suite for her to go with friends for her bday..wow...I was impressed...we got there and had a seperated entrance had a great easy check in got to our room all the way at the top...had an amazing view to the pool...overall I really liked my experience at the wynn...the restaurants are amazing the pool is beautiful and La Reve is at the wynn...what more could you ask...Wynn is a must at least once:)Its pricy but worth it...I know so far. its one of my favorite hotels:)
5	BEST HOTEL IN VEGAS!!!!!!!!! I just stayed there over the weekend and I have nothing bad to say about them. They are very expensive, but if you have the money, you will enjoy spending it here! Rooms were so clean and had everything you can want! Location was right across from fashion show mall. It was a bit far from the center of the strip, but honestly between the wynn and the mall there is everything you need in vegas- TRYST nightclub in the wynn was such a blast and guests to have to stand in the long line so that was a plus!
5	i gotz drunk and crunked next to some fat chick...
4	We spent one glorious Thursday night here celebrating my man's birthday, and it was fabulous from start to finish.  Checking in was easy ... although there were about 10 people in front of me, I was on the way to my room in under 20 minutes. Nice.Room was beautiful, with floor to ceiling windows and a terrific view of The Strip that allowed us to view the TI pirate show from a very cool vantage point. We could even see the Lake of Dreams below us and the light show that goes off every 30 mins or so at night.  Very cool.   The bed was super comfy, huge bathroom with a vanity and makeup mirror (being a girl, I LOVE that) and even a small TV. In addition, there was a phone in the little adjacent loo room too - CLASSY STUFF!  We loved the remote control console on the nightstand that allowed us to operate the lights and curtains with a single touch.  So cool.For dinner, I pre-ordered room service for a 6:30 delivery time and they were only about 7 minutes late, which I thought was impressive.  The food that room service prepares is awesome! We had ... Angus Beef Sliders, Chicken Fingers, Spring Rolls, a side of Fries and a side of Onion Rings. For dessert, I went with the Warm Apple Tart with ice cream on the side and a slice of Cheesecake.  Oh my, oh my ... No kidding my friends, each and every item was fantastic! The service was super elegant and attentive to the little details.I will definitely stay at the Wynn again and next time will probably request a room overlooking the gorgeous golf course. As a Las Vegas local, any opportunity to look out a window and see TREES and GRASS is an opportunity that is hard to resist!  hee hee
5	I wish I could stay here every time I come to Vegas! The entry way is littered with beautiful flowers and greenery (all real!) and the front desk starts the experience with a smile. + EVERYONE, and I mean the employees of the hotel, are super nice and genuine. From the bell boy, to the lady we ran into cleaning our bathroom. Awesome people! Don't forget to tip!+ Best views, comfortable beds, ceiling to floor windows. It's like living like a queen for the weekend!+ Plentiful elevators so your ass doesn't have to pass out in the elevator lobby.+ The BEST outdoor clubs. We stayed at the Wynn nearly our entire trip. Rightly so, we had a blast. My advice, share the room cost with a couple of amigos to get a good room on a really high floor. The views are epic I promise! There are always deals so keep your eye out.
5	Currently my favorite Vegas hotel to stay and gamble. The right amount of everything.
4	Fun and friendly.  I had a much needed and memorable stay at the Encore but often found myself over at the Wynn wing.  The service staff was friendly and attentive and full of life.  It seemed to be a good balance of crazy las vegas fun and escape to a quiet wing at the Encore for down-time.
3	I think the location of Wynn is great and the clubs inside/nearby (XS/Tryst) make it an ideal place to stay. However, I thought the standard room that I stayed in was very mediocre. There wasn't anything special about it, and it wasn't as spacious as other hotels. For shelling out that much money, and all the hype about the Wynn, I expected better.
4	An absolutely fantastic stay at the Wynn.We were looking to go a bit fancy for a bachelor party, and managed to snag this five-star by bidding on Priceline for $110 per night.Though it's a bit north of the main action on the strip, we didn't find this to be too inconvenient, and the close proximity to the Fashion Mall was handy (for the cheap food court, booze at ABC stores, and clothing, etc.) Were it my first time in Vegas, I might opt for something more central.Check-in was a bit of a hassle, with one agent telling us we'd have to wait a couple of hours (it was well past check-in time) for our rooms to be ready. We were suspicious, and approached another agent, which resulted in us securing our rooms right away. Not a good first impression. Check-out wasn't much better, with long waits, and that friggin' $20 per night resort fee being tacked on despite any prior notice.Having said that, the resort fee (which we were led to believe was included), would have been more than worth it, as it nets you: (1) wi-fi access in your room, (2) gym access, and (3) pool access (eh, this may be included in the price of the room) The gym has everything you need, and plenty of treadmills. Free fruit was all I needed for a light breakfast, and I liked having personal-use headphones available.The pool was gorgeous, and we were grateful for the 21-and-over section to escape from the little brats. Lounge chairs were plentiful and inviting. While cocktails were pricey at $14 (for one hell of a mojito), a very limited beer selection is a bit more reasonable option.The casino itself (and like all Vegas hotels, you have to parade through a fair portion of the casino to reach the hotel elevators) is pretty nice and clean, with more respectable clientele than other hotels I've experienced.Finally, the room itself was glorious - lots of space, comfortable beds, and a huge washroom. The great floor-to-ceiling windows and fancy drape technology were a big hit.It being a bachelor party, we opted to pay a bit more for the Wynn; I think I've gone and spoiled myself for any future Vegas trips. I would certainly stay here again.
4	This is a really nice resort.  Opulent without being overwhelming.  Nice decor, service and amenities.  The room was large and well maintained.  The pool area was very relaxing.  Didn't have much luck at the craps table unfortunately :(
4	Best hotel in Vegas.  Clean and quiet rooms, lots to do in the hotel, and amazing restaurants.  So much more upscale than most of the hotels on the strip and it has lots of natural light.  Many of the casinos/hotels in Vegas are dark, dingy, and smokey.  But the Wynn has a light and airy feel - I love it!
5	Hopefully I can stay at this place every time I come back to LV.  It's amazing how Wynn brings elegance and intimacy to the middle of the desert.  In a town full of places throwing the "vegas experience" in your face, the hotel and casino manage to actually relax you rather than overly excite you.  Usually sleeping is a challenge while I'm in LV but not here.  No part of the casino makes you feel like you are in a huge mall or area just bustling with tourists.  The 3 restaurants we dined at there had the same intimate feeling.  The people running the place are much like everything else - down to earth, professional, and genuine.  They are cordial and friendly to everyone regardless of how many chips you have in your pocket.  If you play table games make sure you get a card.  I got an amazing offer.  They were probably just luring my in and I will have to pay full price next time.  I don't like paying full price for rooms in LV, but for this place I would probably do it.  Maybe I'm getting old and boring but I don't care as long as I'm here!
5	The only casino/resort I've ever been to where I've wished I could stay and live at/work at. I've become passionate about Wynn Las Vegas through my years of staying there. My wife and I go every summer to get away and we completely "get" it. A piece of advice for the fellas: If you're planning a trip to Vegas with a girl who has never been there before, STAY AT WYNN. I promise, it's worth the money. She'll want to come back with you to Las Vegas again and again.
4	The best place to people-watch while sitting inside has to be the Wynn, that casino which all kinds walk through to, well, walk through!  You can't blame the throngs of passers-by who want to see the classiest, most expensive joint on the north side of the Strip;  and if you buy a $15 Sinatra Smash cocktail at Parasol Up, you too can spend a good half hour seeing the world walk by you, amazed at the place.  The rooms are amazing too;  automated lights, blinds; the bathroom would be a $2000/mo. apartment in NYC.  It's an amazing place.
5	Beautiful hotel with great service and lots of nice amenities.I got a great rate to stay here through the Red Card program, and so booked a double bed room at the Wynn.  I called and let them know that we would be arriving early (at around 9:30). I knew check in wasn't until about 3pm, but I figured it can't hurt to give the hotel a heads up in case something opens up.Well, after our (very early) flight in, we arrived at the hotel at 10.  When checking in, we were told that they did have a room available for us (but on a lower floor). Lower floor, who cares? Just means we dont have to stay in the elevator as long!  BIG PLUS!We immediately changed into our swimsuits and headed out to the pool.  The Wynn pool has two sections, the regular pool and another 21+ pool.  I was really glad to see that the 21+ pool wasn't a "pool club". Yes, those can be fun and all, but my gfs and I wanted a chill place to hang out, preferably without kids running around and screaming.The service in the pool area was a bit slow (it took the server 15 minutes to tell me that the sandwich I ordered is no longer offered because she had given me an old version of their menu), and this was when the rest of the food had come out. It then took another 20 for me to get my (pre-made) sandwich. At least the turkey sandwich I got was good and very filling. Also, you MUST TRY THE WHITE SANGRIA. It was probably the best white sangria I've ever had.  Super delicious. Going back to the hotel itself, I absolutely love the modern yet whimsical decor of the hotel. I love how the lobby is nice and bright, giving it a nice, almost airy feel that you won't realy find in other casinos. In addition, the rooms are also very well light due to the wall of windows.  You have great perks such as a television in the bathroom (fun to watch while getting ready), to an iHome by the beds (great to charge your iphone if you forget your charger... like me).  Housekeeping comes by quickly when you call down, and the concierge will print out your boarding passes for you if needed.Just because a hotel is beautiful doesn't mean that the service will be up to par, and I'm so glad that the Wynn provided the excellent customer service that I wanted.  I have a feeling this will probably be my "home" resort whenever I am in Vegas.
5	I love this hotel.  I had gotten the salon suite for my cousins bachelor party.  The staff was very easy to work with and got me the exact room and accommodations I needed for my party.  The clubs are top notch XS, Surrender, Tryst were all awesome.  The private pool deck was amazing.  Before this initial stay at the Wynn I was primarily staying at the Venetian and  Palazzo but the Wynn totally won me over.
4	There's a great feeling about this hotel, I think because they kept things simple.  It's not overdone at all, and the zen like centerpiece, the waterfall and reflecting pool, is really great.  The shops are well presented and clean, and of course it's very pricey, as you would expect. I visited Tryst, which is one of the nicest nightclubs around, and is a beautiful, beautiful setting.This is certainly not the place for kids.  Brought my son in a stroller, and the security guard said there weren't really any places for kids, and suggested we go elsewhere, which was rude.  The Ferrari dealership prohibits the taking of photographs, and when I fired off one shot from like 40 feet away, they acted like they were going to take my camera and beat me up.  Come to think about it, maybe the problem here is the security...Hmm.
5	Hell yeah! Awesome hotel. Great layout. From the moment you valet, you feel like a high roller. Valet is comp if your staying at hotel. The beautiful overhead plethora of flowers in the entry way add a zen like atmosphere. Check-in was painless. Staff providing cold water bottles as you wait in line. There is a gorgeous waterfall adjacent to front desk. Breathtaking. The rooms are lovely, something that is expected from a high end hotel. The only con is signal strength for Iphone is weak. The pool area had a spring break kinda of feel. It was Memorial Day weekend, so alot of young beautiful peeps were living up, yours truly included. The European pool area alot of flesh mostly breasts with dental floss as bikini bottoms. The cabana next to us was occupied by a bridal party who had no qualm in displaying their Dr. Rey 90210 masterpieces. Waitresses were pretty good in making their rounds; sure when 20% tip is involved they will make sure alcohol is flowing at a swift pace. The spa is magnificent. Massage was great. Buffet was great. For $40 dinner, it was worth every penny. We avoided nightclubs, too many hoochie mamas with short skirts & high heels. Some looked like escorts; but for sure 75% to 80% of girls roaming @ the Palms are escorts. The cafe on ground level serves a good cup of Joe & pastries, but do expect a long wait. All in all, return visit is in order. definitely when Garth Brooks is in town. Concierge assured me that every seat has an intimate feel to it with great sight lines.
5	I stayed at Wynn when it had been open about 6 months and I just stayed there again 5 and a 1/2 years later.I love this property, it is very whimsical and yes fancy. I call it the Bellagio for Americans. It is Steve Wynn after all. Their casino is decent, you'l be hard pressed to find $10 table games anywhere but that's to be expected at their room rate and the type of clientele they cater to. They have some casual dining, but make no mistake - everything here will be expensive!The rooms are beautiful, I was surprised they kept the soft light color palette considering Aria and Cosmo's bold colors and dark woods but I suppose that makes sense, Cosmo is for Kim Kardashian and hooker Kim Kardashian wannabes.
4	Beautifull Hotel, but pricy. Wynn's Buffet is awsome. Also great chinese food at the Red Restaurant.
5	Classy!
2	No fans or air conditioning in bathrooms.  You will sweat like a pig!
3	Wynn oh how I want to love you so... with splendid walls, hip decor, mosaic tiles, and high fashion galore. It's Vegas where everything is a fantasy of overpriced glittery distractions. Weekend gettaway with hubby and we were doing it up big time!!!! I will rate everything individually then give an overall rating at the bottom.The Room- 1.75 starsOur king sized bedroom was not ready when we arrived to a packed lobby at the Wynn on a Saturday afternoon back in March. This is not a good thing in my book, but what can you do. They moved us to a room with two double beds. BIG MISTAKE!!The room and bathroom were both well appointed and the view worthy of a million dollars. However, the beds sucked. They were uncomfortable and not big enough. I guess they really don't want you staying in your room at casinos.When we first walked in the connecting doors to our rooms were open. We attempted and were not able to securely shut them. This definitely felt kinda weird and creepy at the same time.  I was forced to call the front desk to have maintenance come up to shut it for us. He said that the renovations had caused this issue all over the place. hmmmm Better get those contractors back out here then.By far the worst thing about our room were the paper thin walls. We could hear entire conversations and loud partying all night long. What made matters go from bad to even worse was the room vibrating from the base and the continuous throbbing from the disco down below. I don't think we slept a wink either night.  Listen we are all for revelers - revelling --it is Vegas Baby!! BUT not in my bed at 3:30-4 in the morning. I want to be able to sleep and when your paying big bucks  that means the hotel should have some sound proofing going on!!! The FAB Pool - 4.5 stars private loungers, gorgeous decor, great DJs, yummy drinks, & incredible vip service. Best thing about this Resort by FAR!!! Best pool I have been to in Vegas bar none! Sorry Mandalay but the lack of sketchy crowds here trumps ya!The food & drinks inside the hotel 2.0 stars - Overpriced and not that great! We found far better food and drinks elsewhere around town. Hey listen, everyone knows while in Vegas, you are going to get bent over, but you should at least be able to enjoy the ride. Slot machines 3.0 -- I won quite a bit of money, but  my winnings were balanced out by my honey losing his shirt, pants, and everything else at black jack. Darn!!! So much for buying a Chanel purse while I was there.Overall experience 2.8 stars I will round up to 3.0 for the sake of this review. Will we be back? Perhaps but I think we will try out the Encore next door.
5	What an amazingly beautiful hotel! The Wynn just oozes elegance!  The rooms are gorgeous and the staff is great. I would stay here more often if I didn't get such great deals across the street at the Palazzo and Venetian.  Steve Wynn did it right! The water features and forest make you forget you're in Vegas. My favorite hotel in Vegas!
4	The Wynn: quiet, understated (for Vegas), a place where the edges have been smoothed off a bit.Still - why it took two hours to get a non-smoking room at checkin, I don't know. Those nifty push-button panels for lighting, drapes, etc. really need a setting to turn the backlighting OFF at night. I'm one of those people that's unfortunately sensitive to ambient light when trying to get to sleep. I don't need to be bathed in a constant LED glow.The master control box on the night-table didn't seem to be actually connected to anything, and the lighting controls behaved differently depending on which panel you used. The climate control would reset itself to its defaults when you were out of the room for a certain amount of time, meaning you had to change everything back to the way you wanted it every night. A hotel room should not be this bloody complicated, and I'm a computer systems engineer.I liked the place, but these little maddening quirks keep it from being tops on my list of luxury resorts in Sin City.
5	Wynn is just a terrific hotel! It has everything just right - the interior, service, shops, restaurants and even La Reve' show is great. It is cool and bright, modern with a hint of a conservatism - just perfect. The old and smelly carpets so characteristic for Vegas hotels in general substituted by a tasteful mosaics. Abundance of beautiful flower arrangements...First time I have stayed at Wynn in the summer of 2008, it was perfect. Three years later it is even better than before. In addition, there is a bridge to Palazzo that connects you with Venetian and the rest of the strip.
5	Pimptastic...nuff said!
3	$150/2 nights room offer to my dad from Wynn Las Vegas.PROs:1. Very attractive hotel.2. Full of flowers and expensive furnitures.3. Big room.4. To die for bathroom.CONs:1. Expensive!2. No Monorail Station3. Staff and most guess were snobby4. Buffet wasn't that great.5. Tight and expensive slot machines.6. A friend of mine said that they are really strict in damaging their carpet. They didn't allow stroller to be on the carpet... wtf! Will come back only and only if they offer me a nice price for the room.
3	This review is for the casino , stores , and food at Wynn only . The casino is alright ... it had some people but it wasn't packed . I don't know what it was but there just seemed to be something missing in the atmosphere making me not really want to gamble . There's not much stores here but the stores here are okay . The food here isn't that great . However , the decor of Wynn is not bad . So overall , 3 stars for now . I will reevaluate when I actually stay at the hotel .
4	keeping this sweet and short. 5 Words...AMAZINGFANCYELEGANTPOSHLIVELYDefinitely on my top 5 Hotels to stay at in Vegas.
5	I love this hotel. Great rooms, good service, and plenty to do in and around the hotel. I stayed here for 4 nights which was more than enough time to experience all that the hotel has to offer (shopping, gaming, ferrari shop, night clubs, adult pool, restaurants, etc..). People watching can be fun here because there's unusually high amount of older gentlemen to younger women ratio here. Im just jealous because these 60 year olds have more game (AKA scrilla, aka green, aka bank, aka cheddar) than me. Its like watching clones of Mr. Playboy himself strutting around.
1	Everything designed for you... okay, perhaps.Common areas = 5 stars.Shops = 5 stars.Ask for a room with requirements (away from elevator, away from ice machine), and I had to wait 3 hours to get the keys; they said they would call me in an hour or so, I called three times every hour. Yes, and this was well past the checkout time.Also, what's the deal with the TVs? You have to share ONETV between the couch and the bed, ok you can turn it, but really???When I was there, I got to compare with the Palazzo. I got a much bigger room at the Palazzo, a separate living room, a gigantic couch, 2 TVs that I didn't have to handle and turn. It wasn't white leather, but it was quite nice too. And I got my keys as soon as I got there! Oh and shower have extra pressure jets over at the Palazzo, whereas there is one in the room I got.Checkin Service = 1 star.customer experience matters; a lot.
5	We stayed for a couple of nights over Father's day weekend - to celebrate that and my Bday. We arrived late, but our room was fantastic. We debated freshening up and going down to get drinks, but just crashed instead - the bed was too inviting. We were so happy the room was gorgeous. The neutral colors, the strip view, etc was awesome. The housekeeping staff were so nice and friendly when we met them outside our room. The casino isn't smoky or yucky. I've been to the casino before, but this was my first time staying here. The next day we went to the buffet, the food was ok. Then, we walked over to the Palazzo and Venetian, then to Caesar's Palace, and then back. It was so nice to relax at the pool after coming back from all that walking and shopping. Unfortunately, it took about 20 minutes to find a chair at the pool area (granted we came to the pool around 2:30-3pm). After we found seats, Joanne, our poolside waitress came immediately and took our drink orders. We were set!We went to Blush later that night. It was ok, geezerville, and cougars. Steve Wynn really understands hotel aesthetics. I've stayed at pretty much 75% of the hotels on the strip over the years and I have my favorites. I will definitely add Wynn to the list and try Encore next time.
5	I know a lot of people choose hotels while on vacation to sleep in at night.The problem with the Wynn is sometimes you don't want to leave your room or the resort at all!  The place is amazing and has not changed over the years.  The facilities are world class from the restaurants, to the shops to the pool.  The night clubs attached to Wynn-Encore are in a class of it's own.Yes there is a premium on these things but that premium exists for everything on the Las Vegas strip.  If you are going to stay anywhere in Vegas I'd definitely recommend this hotel over any of the others.
5	This review is specifically for GRAFF JEWELERS inside the Wynn Hotel.  I cannot begin to express how incredibly exquisite these diamonds are.  I just can't.  The only thing I will say is that if you haven't seen them, you honestly should.......it's WORTH the trip over to the Wynn.  When you first walk by the GRAFF window displays, you gasp for air when you see how dazzling and brilliant the diamonds are.  Truly amazing.  Then, it beckons you to walk in and see more.....even the men go in to gaze at these.  Interestingly, the staff, who are mostly British, are very friendly and don't mind if you browse or even take pictures (like I did).  They're very gracious about it, and not all jewelry shops are like that, either.  It's just so worth viewing.  Whoever can afford these is very lucky, but I consider myself lucky to have seen these.......every time I go to Las Vegas.  They're just so spectacular.  If only I could have JUST ONE............
5	Didnt stay here so i cant rate the rooms. But what i can rate is the layout and the flowers and the staff. Even though i got lost looking for the enterance the helpful valet steered me right. From peering in on high limit poker to the Ferrari Dealership what a great experience at the Wynn. You would expect people who work in high end jewelry stores to be snooty. That wasnt the case. She was friendly and personable and even let my gf try on a few items. Once i get my Ferrari she will get the Jewelry.
4	Fairway Villa - We got short changed on the view
4	Such a beautiful hotel & the fact that they're connected to Encore makes it super easy for you to get your clubbin' on! The view of their golf course is absolutely amazing. A huge patch of green in the middle of the dessert.
3	Shower would not drain.  One of the sinks would not drain.  Bathroom light out.  Safe not working.  A/C acting up.  Called down and these things were all fixed through out the day.  It would have been nice if I didnt have to call the front desk so many times every time I encountered something wrong.  I spent a lot of time calling, being put on hold and explaining what was wrong with my suite.What I love about this resort: Great Beds! sooooo comfortable.  Friendly employees.  Great food! and we won $360 total on the penny slots!!! comp drinks while your gambling.  The pool is fantastic!!
5	came here with a friend of mine for my birthday last year and it was an absolute AWESOME place.the hotel room keys have your names printed on them and the view from our room was spectacular.  super spacious room too, with a love seat, coffee table as well as a breakfast table.service was very personable and if you pick up the phone to call the front desk, room service, spa, where ever... they call you by name too.the pools were nice and enjoying a couple glasses of champagne by them in the sun was perfect after a long massage over in their spa.  the spa has a coed area right before you head into the massage rooms, but the rest of it is divided between genders. there were two attendants in the men's portion of the spa and he knew my name right when i stepped through into the doors. all types of juices, teas, and fruits were offered as well as any newspaper or magazine i wanted to read. there was also an area full of plush arm chairs and sofas reminiscent of those british gentleman's clubs. needless to say, i completely recommend the spa.my gal pal said the exact same thing about the ladies side of the spa.we also enjoyed breakfast one morning at their poolside terrace cafe. i had the lobster benedict that completely hit the spot.  my friend had their egg white spinach omelet that was pretty good as well.  the only downside were the birds that would zoom past your head and try to snatch food items off the bus stations.we were also able to check out the nightclub at encore, XS. it's designed well, the people are fabulous to look at, but the beverages cost an arm and a leg, but hey... it's vegas... cie la vie.  the club's main focal point is actually divided between 2 points. the first is the dance floor, centrally located so you can see and be seen with the bottle service tables surrounding it.  the second is the pool bar and the large central pool adjacent to the dance floor.  the pool is surrounded by cabanas and located outside... so the club basically forms a figure 8. solid DJs and bartenders.the rest rooms are pretty standard for a vegas suite.  two sinks, a vanity mirror for the ladies, a large soaking tub and an attached glass shower. pretty similar to the venetian and the hotel at mandalay.  although the wynn bathroom did seem a tad larger.i ordered room service for us the morning before we left and it arrived promptly on time.  the food wasn't spectacular, but wasn't too bad either. being 7am, we didn't really mind. the coffee was good and the OJ was fresh. they even gave me a USA today and wall street journal to read. kinda felt like richard gere in pretty woman... having breakfast in a comfy robe with a hottie sitting across, looking out into the nevada desert during sun rise.checkout was a breeze, we had the bell hops take our luggage down for us (hey, we were splurging... may as well). about the only thing i didn't splurge on was valeting my truck.i definitely recommend the wynn to anyone, i had a fantastic time here.
4	I will review this for what it is and not from my own personal point of view. The hotel is beautiful! The room was beautiful! The shower and bath were great! The service was attentive! The poker room had the best drink service of all that I played in. The pool was great. If you want elegant, and posh this is the place to be.The reason I don't give it five stars. The air condition in the room didn't seem to work well. I called the front desk twice and they sent people up to fix it. It seemed to help temporarily but at time the temperature made the room uncomfortable. The prices for food (in the cafe and drugstore) and well as drinks are expensive even for Vegas. Finally, Wynn seems to have two very popular night clubs. I'm not into the club scene and it tends to attract a certain type of crowd that I'm not very fond of.If these are the things you want then it is a great hotel. I wouldn't choose to stay here again. I would prefer to be closer to center strip and I also like a little more kitsch in my Vegas hotels. That's just me.I do recommend hitting the buffet here.
5	I agree with the AAA & Forbes five star rating of the Wynn and also give this place five Yelp stars. Although the check in line was long, almost each station was manned and they are very pleasant. Check in was a breeze. It was a comp stay, but they require a $150 per night credit card security deposit. One may think that is pretty steep but I say that is about right for the type of technology and amenities provided in the guest rooms. Your room key serves dual purpose as your Red players card which is convenient and signing up is as simple as providing the front desk agent with your ID.The room was easy to find and from the moment I entered the room I was wowed. I am not easily impressed when it comes to hotel rooms, but this left me in awe. The first thing I noticed were that the lighting and curtains were all electronic. I had a blast opening and closing and stopping the sheer and blackout curtains. I was impressed with the bathroom as well. His & hers sinks with a vanity in the middle, bathtub and separate shower, and even a mounted mini tv! In the bedroom there is an iHome to connect your iPod, a large flatscreen mounted with a minibar area and stocked refrigerator. The desk area had a fax machine! The room has a lot of space and I feel the bedding could have fit 2 queens rather than 2 doubles. We had a lovely view of the pool, golf course and Encore.The casino was very nice as well. A lot of slot and table options. They must have little elfs throughout the casino because I have never seen the chairs being straightened out so fast before. I leave a machine for a minute and the chair is already pushed in. Way to keep on top of it! This is also the only casino I have been to on this trip where the workers were on it about asking you if you had a Red card. They want you to sign up so they can track your activity and the Wynn was on it in that aspect too!There are a lot of high end shops that made me feel like a high roller going in and trying out shoes and handbags. I love the red and butterfly theme throughout. I liked the  convenience of being connected to the Encore on one side and the bridge that leads to the Venetian on the other. I loved every bit of this stay & can't wait to be back!
5	We stayed here last Christmas break and it was just the most luxurious place we've stayed!  The suite had an entire sitting area with an absolutely gorgeous view.  The bedding was so soft and comfortable... I don't remember how many thread counts but must be in the thousands! We had a great deal from the hotel that came with complimentary tickets to their show "Le Reve", which was a very fascinating circus on water experience. If we get a similar deal, we'd go again!
5	Staying in the Villa...room 307 for the weekend.  I am in love!
4	I'm a fan, but this place is way overrated.   Yes, it's a beautiful property but it looks like the Bellagio with different colors.  They do have a decent shopping center with high end boutiques.  I love the Manolo store, and they had Gaultier, although I think that is now gone (boo).Decent dining options, and event the basic cafe is nice.  The hotel houses Le Reve, one of the best shows on the strip and it's a must see.I have always had good customer service and enjoyed being at the hotel.  OH and I LOVE that kids MUST be accompanied by adults.  I am not a huge fan of kids or negligent parents.
4	Room was pretty nice... nicer then most..  not as nice as the Venetian...  but still, quite nice...  View was awesome...  Casino hurt me (switch blackjack is NOT cool)...  This place is swanky!  Overall, very quality...Would I come back?  If there is no Venetian, Yes, I would...
1	I had a really terrible experience here back in March of 2011, and I wanted to give myself sufficient time to cool off before writing about it.  I think 4 months should be enough.During that trip, my friends and I decided to go to XS, a club in the casino.  While waiting in line, some drunken idiot behind me started a fight with me.  After fists (and a headbutt) were thrown, security moved in promptly and hauled us to their offices.  According to the supervisor, after speaking with everyone involved, he'd made a decision permanently to ban both individuals in the fight from the Wynn and Encore.This seemed strange, since I'm sure a review of the security tape would corroborate my story that I didn't even speak to the drunk guy before he started behaving like a moron.  Clearly he was just some loser who'd decided he was going to start some sh!t with the nearest person, who happened to be me.  However, I wasn't about to grovel since  there were plenty of casinos in Vegas happy to take my money.I was escorted out by a few of the security guards who'd helped to clean up the mess, and one of them told me that he'd have done the same thing I did.  He also suggested I should call back and try to explain the situation to a different supervisor to be allowed back in.  While I appreciated the thought, I'd already concluded that since the Wynn had no interest in keeping me as a customer, I had no interest in going back there either.Anyway, I'm sure this review contains details probably irrelevant for most customers of the Wynn, so I'll stop here.  If you visit, stay out of trouble kids!
5	I wanted to give The Wynn 4 stars because I know there are better hotels out there, but I'm hesitant to do so because I also know that if I'm ever in one of them I'll just be asking for directions to my own cheaper, smaller, less bug-free hotel.  It's a GORGEOUS hotel, the views are gorgeous and there are plenty of shops and restaurants to keep you safe from the inhumane temperatures outside (I've stayed twice and both times it was well over 100 degrees).  Our room was big and comfy and the room service was excellent.  The bathroom is awesome, love the double shower with a shower head at either end.  The bathtub was like a little sauna and I know a funny story about myself, trying to be really sexy and almost drowning (and overheating because I ran the water way too hot), that I won't tell on Yelp.  Suffice it to say it was very not sexy.  I don't gamble but I did go down to the slots to LOOK as though I gamble and have drinks brought to me.  The servers, of course, come very often and are very nice.  So 5 stars for The Wynn...if I ever get a lotta mo money I will stay someplace more in my new league, and I'll come back and change it to 4.
1	They will pump your ears with the crappiest music in all common areas including the pool at all corners. A true lack of class.
5	I have been lucky enough to stay at the Wynn with my family a few times and this is seriously such a clean, classy hotel.  From the textured walls in the room, big flatscreen TV, luxurious bathrobes and slippers, automatic windows and controls - everything is comfortable and aesthetically pleasing.  Also, this side of the strip has a lot to do and from the Wynn you can walk to Encore, Palazzo/Venetian and Fashion Mall easily.  The buffet is also one of my favs.  I usually don't eat all day if I know I am gonna eat there (so I can properly stuff my face) and sample all their fabulous desserts!But I don't suggest gambling here as its not lucky for me (or anyone else I know).
5	I always come here for the buffet and like all the high end hotels in vegas this one makes u feel rich as soon as u step in...the shops are expensive as is the buffet but hey it's all about the opulence here.
5	I always feel like I am getting the royal treatment when I stay here.  The staff is so receptive to all my needs.  They even have purse hooks at the tables when you gamble! Where else do they offer that?  The rooms are so clean and classy.  I never have to leave the hotel when I come for the weekend.  We dine at all the restaurants, hang out at the AMAZING European pool all day, and this time we even saw Le Reve and it was FANTABULOUS! I highly recommend everything about this hotel.  Steve Wynn is a genius.
2	I came in to stay the weekend with a group of friends at The Wynn, we had three rooms. First problem we had on check in we had booked together but got there to be told we were each being put on a different floor. Ouch not the start we had hoped for. We started the next day off in the pool area, we rented one of the circle pads in the water. We had a blast and the staff and pool were great. This was the highlight of our stay. Got to play some blackjack outside and that was very cool. After pool decided to gamble inside before we went out clubbing that night. I did OK but the dealers to me were very lacking, not fun or helpful, the other 4 places we gambled later that night were much better. The pit just had no energy, blah. The next morning we had the breakfast buffet for $19.99, I felt the food and service were good. That day ate lunch in the Cafe having an excellent hot dog and latte, felt it was better value than the lunch buffet. At night our AC was not working or was fixed to not go too cold, we could not get it below 74 that night, ouch what a bummer. That morning my other friends in the other two rooms complained the same thing. It was my thinking they had them fixed at that temp because it did the same thing our last night too. On the last night one of our friends went home early and the other person from his room was going to join us for the night in our room, so 3 (big guys) of us sleeping there. We had two doubles in our room and called the front desk to bring up a pull out bed for us and we were promptly told no can do, only king sized bed rooms are allowed an extra bed, wtf. We were tired and didn't really want to get into it with the staff so we just hung up pissed when they refused to work with us. Overall Its a nice hotel with a lot going for it but the management/staff was not up to par at all and the whole AC thing was a major drag. Chances of me staying here again are slim, way too many better Hotels in Vegas.
5	By far the best hotel I've ever stayed at.  Upscale, very clean and classy  all around.  The rooms are huge and are very nicely decorated.  Both rooms we stayed at had  HUGE windows which provided amazing views.  The restrooms are probably as big as a bedroom and included a hot tub.  Bathrobes and slippers were provided. The buffet at "THE BUFFET" was exceptional.  Club XS, one of Vegas' hottest nightclubs,  happens to be within the Wynn and club Tryst is right next door a few slot machines away at Encore.   Recovering from a night of partying the next day at the pool with drinks was the best. For the ladies, Fashion Mall is right across the street. I would definately spend another weekend here.  Totally worth shelling the extra $$$.  Wynn-ing!!!
4	Situated at the other end of the strip, the Wynn is clean and classy. The casino floor is spacious. The cocktail waitresses at the casino was prompt. Tip them per drink!To the Slot Sluts out there: I hear that you have a higher chance of winning in the slots here than anywhere else on the strip.I'd definitely stay here!
4	I was not a guest at the Wynn so I cannot comment on their rooms. A few friends and I came here for dinner at SW Steakhouse so no time was spent on the casino floor either. In fact, the only reason I'm even reviewing it is because of the entryway. We drove, used valet, and upon entering were greeted with a wonderland of trees decorated with beautiful white lights. Now that is how you make an impression. It was so darn pretty we ended up taking photos in front of the trees after dinner. Simply enchanting. I will say they could use a sign or something for valet pick-up as it took us a while to get the attention of someone to tell us where to go.
5	This place has spoiled me SO much for Vegas, I don't know how I could possibly do it any way in the future. My good buddy got this monstrous deal from the Wynn Towers Suites. Free room? I was there. Luxurious carpet, AMAZING bathroom with a separate tub and bath (and TWO toilets!), the best service I've ever had (I've stayed in 5 star European hotels too), awesome little things like Picasso replicas on the walls and electronic blinds. As for the Casino, I'm not a big gambler, and lots of the minimum bets are too high for a cheapass like me. I played some video poker and won 10 bucks, but then lost 60 playing mini baccarat at Venetian, oh well. Also within easy walking distance. I haven't been to the topless pool, but as a Tower Suites guest I got to use the private pool, as well as cut the lines in any of the restaurants on property. Sadly this did not count for any of the clubs, which we haven't even *tried* to get into due to extravagant pricing and difficulty getting in.If I could ever afford this in my life again, I would do it in a heartbeat.
5	"At LAST! My love has come around. My lonely days are over. And life is like a song!" I finally got to stay at the Wynn! Before staying here, I have read 99% of the reviews and most of them talk about how the lobby is beautiful. If you are ever planning to be a guest and not just walk around, READ MY REVIEW :). I had to shorten my review because of the MAX Char.Steve Wynn.. THANK YOU! You're hotel is exactly what I would have imagined a Las Vegas hotel should be. I wish that I could personally shake your hand. If you are in college on a low budget and need to cram 10 or more people in to a room, please skip this review. You may want to try Venetian or Palms maybe. If you don't sleep,, just drink and gamble all night long, any hotel will do, but if you want to live a little The Wynn Resort in Las Vegas is for you. I highly recommend the Wynn if you will be entertaining a Lady friend. It could be your girlfriend, your fiance, your wife, or your potential Ex-wife. A Resort should be more than a hotel. It should be a destination. You should find everything you need and more. Leave your car and luggage where it is, because hotel hopping a thing of the past. A Resort should an experience! Your accommodation should equal or exceed your personal living standard.CHECK-IN: The Check-in area is a bit small compared to some of the huge Check-in areas of hotels on the Strip. It feels like a Airport Security check-in line, but instead of angry patrons waiting for a flight there are a lot of well dressed guest with designer luggage bags. It is still very claim and not too hectic. It was nice of the Wynn to open more Check-in stands.THE ROOMS: *SPOILERS** (Please don't read this part of the review if you are staying in Wynn for the first time) I booked a standard suite and found a pretty nice rate around $130 a night, about $100 less than a standard weekend. The room is very simple, white, and clean. The very simplistic art style makes the room feel like home. It really isn't the largest room, because about 60% is entrance hallway/ bathroom. The main attraction is the view. The Wynn tower is set up like a small apartment in Uptown New York. At most hotels, I keep the curtains shut the entire trip, but at the Wynn I kept the shades open almost the entire time with just a press of a button. The bathroom is easily any woman's fantasy and up to MTV Cribs caliber, but make sure to put on your complementary robe and slippers because that marble floor can get COLD! Central AC is the best invention ever so you know that it's on 24/7. Since internet is include in the Resort Fee make sure to bring your laptop, and an Xbox 360 if you have one. I really like the desk chair and sofa. They are both very comfie and great place to conduct your business. I appreciate all the small details of the room. There's a ipod docking station so you can listen to some tunes, but more importantly it has a audio cord in the back. I like the little "cocktail station" with wine glasses, glass cups, and stainless steal icebox and pick. I this is a nice touch of class and it makes my Free beer and drinks taste that much better (BYOB). THE GYM: "What's a Guy-m? Oh a GUY-M!"- Simpsons. Who works out at gym when your in Vegas? If you want to keep it real even on vacation, YOU DO! You don't say no to buffets, so don't say know to the gym. I wish that 24 hour fitness was like this gym. I like the free fruit plus the bottle of water with a towel on every workout machine. The staff is constantly refilling each station. The gym doesn't get overly packed, but you may want to go during the mid afternoon.THE SPA: I accidentally walked in without a reservation. I'm not quite ballin' enough to go there yet, but I did use a "bathroom excuse" to walk around. There is men's and women's side. The Men's looks like a high class Exclusive Country Club for the elite. It has a fire place with couches and Men's magazines to read. Most women are probably use to a nice restroom, but this is a PIMP men's locker room. The showers and bathrooms have every possible grooming and bathing item. Everything is made with a dark maroon wood. I feel like I'm handing business when "I'm handing my business".THE POOL: The pool is a little bit Cabana crazy. I felt like an idiot because I was probably the only one swimming in the Adult pool. I was just trying to avoid splashing kids. It's suppose to be more of a social pool. Yes, I believe pools are for swimming and not wading. I'm not a pervert, but it was creepy seeing so many guys there. If ladies want to get a European tan, let them be. After the men left more woman came.I guarantee if you stay at the Wynn, you will actually relax. Unlike most of Las Vegas that doesn't sleep and runs around 24/7. You will take your time and enjoy the little things in life. I spent a lot of time in slippers and rope, board shorts, and gym clothing. Spend a little less time gambling and invest in your room and dinning experience.
4	This place rocks! Got my room 20% off and 2 complimentary buffet tickets. Location is perfect, on the strip, right next to the fashion show mall.Service is a little slow, but the rooms are amazing, the buffet is even better, and can only dream to have a pool like the Wynn although I would probably want it a little deeper than their 4 feet.Possibly the prettiest hotel I have been to thus far.
5	i had a awesome time . the roon was great
1	Had a fabulous, spectacular time with close friends, new friends...great venue over all however the worst decision i've made that night(besides planking in odd public places).arriving at xs night club for a social gathering of some sort... Long story short I valeted my whip (motor vehicle) at the Wynn for xs night club, ended up cabbing it to my hotel (cosmo)room and i figured i pick up my car that same morning...these A-holes put a door ding on my car, what really made me furious was that I know the knuckle head jumped a curb an found a nick on my rim and my strut is screwed(fqqd)!!!dissapointment! I think the guy was maybe trying to ghost ride the wip! Seriously trip back home was delayed and staying a extra night. I guess all we can do is enjoy the situation and make the best of it... Horrible valet experience!
5	amazing place, food was great ( over priced) but worth it. all in all, great stay with an amazing product.
5	I just spent a few nights at the Wynn on a stopover between New York and Los Angeles to see family. Let me just say that I've only been to Vegas about four times and each time I've stayed in a different hotel - Caesars, Mandalay Bay, the Aria and the Wynn. The Wynn by far is my favorite of the for! While the others staying with me wanted to spend their time gallivanting around the Strip, I decided that since we were putting the money into our stay at the Wynn that I'd get everything I could out of it.From dining (everything from the Maine Lobster Risotto at Sinatra's, calamari at Stratta, Crab Fried Rice at Lakeside and Vegetarian friendly Wynn burger available all over for casual dining) to entertainment (La Reve was out of this world!) and from the fitness room (so bright and energizing) to the room amenities (enjoyed a nice soak in the tub while watching TV and the wireless is included in the resort fee for last minute work projects) - the place is fantastic. I made an entire day alone of just shopping in some fantastic upscale boutiques located right in the resort and nearly caved and bought a pair of Manolos just because the sales girl was so wonderfully sweet and they were on sale!The people there are very friendly and accommodating as well. If I go back to Vegas soon, you bet I'm going to splurge for a stay here again unless I try some place new like the Cosmopolitan. If I do stay there again I want to go without family and sample the night life a bit more. But the casino was also great and not at all too smokey or dark (as was my experience at the Rio and Aria).Thanks Steve Wynn!
5	I only gambled at the Wynn, so my reviewed isn't really for their rooms or dining options.  This was probably my favorite casino to play at during my trip, as the place wasn't overly crowded and they had the friendliest dealers.  They even taught me how to play craps and now I'm hooked!
4	Our group came here to eat at the Buffet and it did not disappoint.  We waited about an hour and a half, but by the time we got seated we paid for brunch, but they started to bring out dinner items.  Wide selection, nice ambiance and a decent price for a Las Vegas Buffet.  Service was good and food was fresh.  Don't miss the dessert section.
3	As I am writing this. . .I am not sure how many stars I am going to give the Wynn in Las Vegas.  It was my first visit to this hotel, typically preferring the Aria as of late and in many ways, I was impressed.  However enough went wrong that I am leaving quite disappointed.I went to Las Vegas for business, basically 36 hours.  The rate at the Wynn was very reasonable and it was convenient to several of our appointments.  We arrived in the late morning and they didn't have any rooms ready.  You can't ding a hotel for that. . .that is just being petty.  But when you let them know that you will be flexible to get a room early, you agree to take two doubles instead of a king bed, are promised a text in an hour, don't get one for five hours, and then wind up with the room type that you did not request. . .well, you can ding them for that.The hotel itself is quite nice. . .the hallways are very well done, rich colors and nice furnishings.  But having been to LV several times, I was surprised at how smoke filled the common areas were.  You had no choice but to walk thru the clouds to get to the elevators.  Ding number two.The room. . .very nice.  Well furnished, well thought out.  Not the largest rooms on the strip but size is overrated (insert joke here), it is really about what you do with the space.  But, the air conditioning did not work as well as it should have so the room never really got cool enough to be comfortable.  Ding number three.Then there is the minibar and the room service charges. . .$5 for a coke?  $8 for a piece of candy?  $25 for a pot of coffee???  Yeah, the Wynn is expensive. . .I get that.  But at what point is the juice simply not worth the squeeze?  Ding number four.Ok, so four dings but they can be overlooked because truly, the hotel is nice, convenient, the room rate itself was good and the facilities really nice.  But here is what really dinged the Wynn.  Getting back to my hotel room at 11:30pm (remember, I was on business), I heard the noise coming from the pool / club on the second level.  I should mention that I was in room 5160.  I managed to fall asleep being tired enough but I woke up at 2AM because the music just seemed to be getting louder.  Finally at 3AM I called the front desk and this was the answer:"Yeah, the nightclub on the pool level gets pretty loud on Sunday and Monday nights.  We have been tracking this over the last couple of months to see which rooms get the loudest.  Above the 50th floor (really I think it is the 40th floor given the weird numbering system) and right around your room is the worst.  I will mark it down and we can let the next guest know that this room can get pretty loud.  It should be done by 4AM."  Pause. . ."We could move your room.  I see you have a wake up call at 5:15am. . ..but you could still get a couple of hours sleep."Pause. . ."Or we could just refund you for the one night."Ok. . .I wasn't looking for the discount but really?  You have been doing a study?  And you didn't think to warn someone in Las Vegas on business that the room might be a tad bit loud until 4AM?   I do appreciate the gesture of giving me my money back, but damn!So. . .given that they did try to make it right, I will go with three stars.  It really wasn't special enough to warrant four stars, especially given the prices.  And I need to take a nap now after writing this review!YELP OBSERVATION:  How serious is Yelp about non-food reviews?  If Yelp wants to do more hotel reviews, they should allow reviewers to break hotels into categories like "business travel" or "party animal."
4	Like the Venetian, the Wynn is great. If you are there to play poker, the poker room is not as big and sits tightly. The casino floor is walkable, but not extremely large. It connects to its sister casino the Encore. Encore is also really great. The service all around is awesome, but eating to playing is typically expensive. This casino is great if you are looking for a cool stay. However, some adjacent rooms are not as sound proof. One night we were able to hear the neighbors partying-it up. Good for them, bad for us as we were sleeping off a coming-back from partying-it up. Overall, I recommend this casino especially when you find deals on various Vegas deals websites. Side note. The cafe at the Wynn is flippin' awesome! We really love the menu selections there.
5	Get the Rain Man suite, spend a day at The Beach Club, have dinner at Okada and SW Steakhouse, dance at XS, and gamble at the casino...do all this with a group of friends and you will leave feeling like a rock star.  The Wynn is sure to please a big spender!
3	The last time I was here I came with a group of friends for a 21st birthday. The hotel itself is beautiful and extremely well kept. The suite was elegant and tasteful, far superior in decor to others I have stayed at such as the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan. There is, however, no balcony. Our view faced the golf course which was pretty though a view of the strip would have been more exciting in my opinion. The master bathroom was enormous. Really, really nice and was able to accommodate four girls getting ready. That says a lot!The hotel is quite nice, the pool area is pretty cool as well. A few things bugged me though, one being that a restaurant by the pool would not let my friend dine in a Missoni bathing suit cover. It was sort of see-through but nonetheless was not inappropriate. It was kind of annoying that they would not just let it slide. However, to an extent, I understand because then a lot of people in far more distasteful swim-attire would complain as well.While XS, the famed nightclub, is right there. The hotel itself does not necessarily exude the most "party party" atmosphere. If you are looking for a hotel that is tasteful yet still has a party mentality, I highly recommend taking yourself to the Cosmopolitan instead. The pricing is similar give or take $20.The location of the Wynn is north on the strip. Which is not exactly the most central location.
3	The buffet at the Wynn had a large brunch buffet that was nicely plated but fairly average. The pastry section of buffet was beautiful, creative and something worth coming back for.
2	Overall the place was OK.  But just ok.  Going to Vegas I wanted dazzle and sparkle and instead got my grandma's casino.  I detracted stars for the overwhelming cigarette smoke that was a constant around the casino (others don't seem to smell...), the decor - very dated even though it is new, and the service -- while I understand the place has a gazzillion people check out on sunday's that is no reason to treat people like cattle.  The goods: the rooms are huge and beautiful and the cabana's were well worth it.  I will go back to Vegas but will check out a new hotel for the next go-round.
5	Gorgeous hotel, we were staying i'n a beautiful suit, and we had great time, treated as Queen & King, great service
3	Solid 3.5 Stars.Labor Day 2011The family and I stayed at the Wynn this year for our Labor Day outing.  Was really looking forward to the Wynn since I've recently stayed at Aria and the Four Seasons Vegas...  With those stays fresh in my mind, I was looking forward to comparing them to the Wynn.Check-in was efficient and friendly.  The girl behind the counter managed to put our parties on the same floor.  A.I didn't gamble since we had the kids but the Casino looked plush and didn't smell of smoke.  A-.  You do not have to get lost through the Casino before reaching the room elevators like some other establishments.  A.We only ate at The Cafe and it was just average.  C+ Jean Fillip's in Aria is way better in comparison.The pool area was outstanding.  Large and plenty of seating.  The kids loved spending a day there.  Drink services were prompt and friendly.  A+The hotel is ultra high end but I did have a few grips.Valet:  20 minutes to get a car.  D-Placing me on hold for 5 minutes when a drunk guy was singing in the hall way in the middle of the night so that by the time security was called the guy was gone.  FI maybe nitpicking now but having rough old looking towels in the bathroom D-Placing candy and treats at the minibar within children's reach and charging $25 "restocking fee" if the items are simply moved.  E for EVIL.
5	This casino/hotel cost $2.7 billion dollars to build.  It's imaginative and whimsical with lots of luxurious touches.  The restaurants are fabulous.  The pool is huge and has beautiful landscaping.  I stayed for 6 nights on my last visit and felt like moving in permanently.  The rooms are relatively inexpensive, but be prepared to spend a lot on drinks at the pool ( about $16-$18), entertainment (about $100 or more for La Reve), dining out ($60 for breakfast at Tableau or $300-$400 for dinner at Bartolotta for two) etc....
4	The Wynn is so beautiful!  We didn't get to stay here, but we did explore a bit while we walked to the buffett.  The buffett was awesome, and I wish I had gotten to eat more (I was a bit too intoxicated to really enjoy).  The decorations were beautiful, and I looooooooved the forest of lights!
5	This is a very nice hotel.  I really liked my room; love the light controls and the fact that the drapes are automated.Every employee I encountered was very polite and eager to help.I'm not a gambler, I'm not big on Vegas, but this is a great place to stay!
5	I stayed at Wynn, At the standard room. Nice price, and the bellhops and check-in people are very friendly. All of the rooms mattresses are comfy and soft. Bathrooms is big and clean. The casino was cool, and i didnt even smell smoke. You sould eat at Okada. the Japanese resturant. For Labor Day, I didnt stay here. I stayed at Golden Nugget las vegas. (Very nice!) I stayed at Wynn, at 2009. December. The lobby is cool, and has strong air conditioners. Shops are cool too.
4	This place might be the hottest place on the strip. Houses in my opinion the second best club in Vegas tryst. That's only behind encores xs which is also a wynn property. Wuzuzu is an amazing Thai/ sushi house that has amazing food.The actual casino is clean and has a lot of high end table games and slots. The poker room is pretty spacious and the dealers are very friendly.The rooms are pretty average but the tv has a lot of channels including Korean channels that me and my friends had a lot of fun watching drunk.The only drawback is that this maybe the hardest hotel/casino to navigate as you can turned around very easily.
5	Check out "The Buffet", it's wonderful.  They have the best quality food here and the lamb kabob is to die for!  Oh and whatever happens, DON'T miss "Le Reve", it's really a beautiful show.
1	This review is based solely on hotel stay.Dear Wynn, You suck. I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to stay here since it opened (always loved the design of this casino) but the Trump had always been more inviting plus it's a little ways off the strip. I cannot believe I spent ANY money at the Wynn instead of Trump. It's done; never again will the Wynn get a penny of my business.....Your staff:  ignorant, stupid (sorry to be so harsh but really, the people I dealt with? Girl, please!) Unhelpful, disrespectful, you get the point.Check-in at 4pm when I request an 11am check-in (which I understand you refused to accommodate)? Yeah, um........NO.  4pm though, Really? EVERYONE can agree this* is just ridiculous. Requested a medical fridge? Yeah, uhhh..... NO again. Thanks for trying to add that to the bill at check-out. Seriously, how pathetic.Charge for getting another room card? Again, I must stress.....NO!This was by far the weirdest most illogical, unprofessional, inappropriate hotel reservation/stay I've ever encountered. I usually stay in Vegas a min of twice a year. I have suggested to everyone I know to take their money and class elsewhere. It's wasted on a dump like the Wynn.Also, don't do what I foolishly did; don't think for one second these rooms are anything above Circus Circus Standard. The luxury stops at the casino floor and it Stays there.ZERO STARS FOR WYNN - TAKE YOUR CLASS TO TRUMP!
5	This review is not as a guest, but as an admirer.  This was my final destination in my strolling escapade of the Strip from Excalibur.  What a beautiful hotel, thankfully absent of any theme, but just classy and oh so chic.  I enjoyed wandering the lobby and taking in the view of the environs and outrageous restaurants (primarily Bartolotta Ristorante Di Mare and Parasol Up Parasol Down Lounge).  Just brilliant decor dripping with sophistication, all made more dramatic by the chill cabanas and breathtaking waterfalls.  As far as ambiance goes, this is so 5 stars!  How can I dare go back to my Excalibur digs knowing this heaven exists!#Yelp 365:  047/365
4	Gorgeous!  Love it!  Will return!Had an amazingly romantic time with my bf.  Room was top quality, service was excellent, and the property is so luxurious.  I didn't get a chance to do the spa thing like I normally would ( I was *ahem* busy!) but I plan to return soon to check out more that the property has to offer.The only thing I didn't like.....no video black jack at the bar!  That's the one thing I like to do, gambling-wise.  If this is not important to you, then you will think it deserves 5 stars!
5	Best breakfast buffet in the world.  The walk from the street to the buffet through the hotel is a wonderful change from the noisy strip.  The food is fresh and healthy.  It makes having to come to Vegas for work a welcome and fun part of my stay.
5	The classiest casino.  Love the design and style.  Nice fresh air.  All 22 restaurants have a Vegan option menu. Fine dinning to cheese burgers (vegan option on that too). :)
5	We had to go to Wynn to see our show, La Reve (that was amazing too).  If you are looking for a romantic, eye-popping, beautiful place to stay, this is it.This public areas (lobby, casino, bar and bathrooms) SCREAM luxury in a good way.  This place is the definition of "eye candy".  Especially at night with all the lit walkways and lovely plants.  Yes, plants!   They have an amazing landscape design inside with trees and flowers.  The gardeners must work 24/7 because there is so much and it is kept up so nicely.  And yes, even the bathrooms are classy with floor to ceiling marble stall walls and pretty doors.  If I go back to Vegas, I am staying here for sure!
5	Very nice and elegant. I went to gamble here and had an awesome experience!
4	Pretty interior and ladies carrying drinks around. I like how the servers ask  every person if they wanted something to drink at the table. I didn't experience the ladies asking us often in the other hotels. They have a ferrari store on the casino level that is worth looking at from afar...Overall, a great experience at the hotel, except for the fact that we took over half an hour to find the car...
2	Excellent rooms, polite staff. I was there for a convention and the food for breakfast and lunch were sub par. In addition, just my personal opinion, but I think the ethics they have regarding over serving people at the tables is in question. I was playing a few hands of black jack with some co-workers, and there was an acquaintance at our table that was almost falling over. He actually spilled a full glass of red wine on the table, and they kept serving him. I found out about an hour later that he lost over $20,000 at the table. He should have been cut off from drinking and gambling. The Wynn is what one can expect of an upper scale resort / casino as far as rooms, image, and service. I guess anywhere anyone goes to drink and gamble should have some individual self control, but as an upscale business they should know where to draw the line.
1	This happened on the morning of September 25th, 2011 around 2am. If you want to be handcuffed, thrown against the wall and the floor behind closed doors and then thrown on the street...then this is the place for you. The gangster Vegas is still alive my friends, it hasn't changed, well at least at the Wynn...maybe they were going for that throwback feel. Here's my story: I contact a promoter by the name of Luis Deleon, super nice guy by the way, he gets my friend and I a table right next to the DJ booth (table 708 or 780) in Tryst at the Wynn. Things are going great we got in right away. Before going in I stop for a second to say hi to the doorman, Ryan, I met him the other day when I went to the sane club 2 nights previous, he was also a nice guy but that's where the niceness stops. So I'm at my table now, I spend 600 dollars on a bottle of vodka and my friend I are having a good time..DJ spider is up on stage doing his thing, working the crowd and mixing an amazing run of tracks!! My friend and I invite this couple up ( Andrew and Jessica) to help us drink all this vodka, we start talking cars and nightlife in Vegas just normal stuff and then we realize...there's no more vodka!!! Let's buy a bottle of Rum, so I drop another 600 dollars on that. The bottle comes and we start drinking and dancing some more. I'm now successfully drunk and getting tired..but the nice thing is that I have a table..my own little area so I sit down and fall asleep, now usually sleeping in a club is a no no, but I have a table and my own area, I should be able to close my eyes for a second, I mean by this time it's only 1:30 in the morning and the club stays open till 5. I still have a good three hours to party. So, I'm awoken by 2 security guards that tell me I have to leave, I say, "no, I paid a lot of money to sit here and plus I just but this basically full bottle of Rum". They picked me up forcefully and started pushing me out, I'm resisting a bit but what they did next was way out of line! They handcuffed me, took me to some long hallway where there was no one, pushed me on the ground and against the wall and basically manhandled me, I said, "you guys want to beat me up while I'm handcuffed? Take them off and let's do this! Let's make this a fair fight, so first I'm gonna beat you up (I point at one of the 3 security guards there..the one that was the most forceful and aggressive with me) then you, and you over there..I guess you'll end up in the ICU!" now on retrospect I know I shouldn't of said that but I was drunk and just got beat up by three guys in an unfair fight. The first guy I pointed at said, "how about I put you on the VIP list at Drais and I'll meet you there when I get off"..."Sounds good to me!!" he took out his phone and put me on there and said.."see you there" they then took me to some door, to off the handcuffs and pushed me out on to the sidewalk. So to sum up things, they basically kicked me out of the club but decided to beat me up first. Thanks tryst! In the morning I woke up with bumps all over my head from where it hit the wall and ground, a black eye, a big bruise on my face, and handcuff bruises because they were on so tight. Basically I wouldn't recommend this place
4	Great Ferrari dealer, I bought a new California from Tony off the showroom and I cannot wait until the new 458 convertible arrives.   If it was not for the Ferrari dealer I would rate it three at best, restaurants tend to be very overpriced there.  Also drinks insanely overpriced.
5	Going for my byo's birthday, it was SUPPOSED to be a couples thang. My other half was unable to attend, and I will admit I was highly disappointed. BUT my solo stay @ the Wynn Hotel helped me out a bit that weekend. A girl is now spoiled and this looks like it will be a winner going forward for myself. Upon entry the perfume scented lobby, and decorative floor and abundant flowers but me in a zone of my own. I loved the garden. Check-in was a breeze, now show me my room!!!-Gorgeous - I was torn; disappointed for being solo but LOVING the room I had to pacify my disappointment. The bed and touch buttons next to the night stand were a plus in addition to the sunken tub that was waiting for me.-Two thumbs up for the fabulous chocolate cake I ordered from room service. I CANNOT WAIT to go and stay back again. Keep up the great work. Great location in being across from the Fashion Show Mall and the walkway to the Palazzo was a great help for the walk back in high heels.
4	I stayed here Feb 2010 and was/ am a huge fan of this place for various reasons (be warned, writing this review in Virginia Woolf stream of consciousness). The rooms are all suites, so you're getting a pretty big room -- big enough for 6 asian girls to be immigranty & cram in yet still be comfortable (thanks to the sofas). The casino ppl are super friendly and you meet fun characters at the craps tables (think guys that gamble $20,000 in a weekend and are like "no big, i'm made of money" vs. unlucky vegas ladies that lose $2000 in a night and have 4 kids.) The bathroom is perfectly sized for six mid-high maintenance girls to get ready in. MIRRORS EVERYWHERE (KEY for getting prepared). Right near fashion show mall (I don't really shop in Vegas but the other girls were big fans). We had a sweet view of the strip. We had a GC voucher for food which we used at Society -- btw, YUM mustard butter & their little lunch specials. And the kicker which is probably why I adore/d this hotel? My flight and hotel -- friday-monday wound up being LESS THAN $300. Come on... that is just insanely cheap. How could you not love Anything at that price?
1	Do not even stay here. The worst treatment I have ever received. Unbelievable! The spa is terrible as is everything else. Honestly, the Wynn came highly recommended and it was the worst experience in a hotel ever. 10% of the people were nice and the other 90% were absolutely horrible and disgraceful. It does not even deserve 1 star.
5	We always stay at the Wynn, the hotel rooms are modern unlike the Venetian and all the ppl that work at the Wynn/Encore are awesome!  Prices are low considering the room and the overall experience.
1	My expereince started off with my business account receiving 11,000 emails in a 5 day span due to my auto generated response triggering their system to respond back. I literally had to close my online business for 5 days!!!! I lost out on almost a weeks worth of pay and all they did was give me a $100 food comp. I left all that behind to check into out room and was VERY excited to be celebrating my friends graduation. I had a bottle of champaign and strawberries to be delivered to the room upon check in, and was VERY specific to the concierge to ONLY contact me because it was a supprise. Well the first thing said to her upon check in was "there is something in the room waiting for you". I still didnt say anything because she figured it was from the assistant (to whom I will be descreet for her sake) of the man who booked us our room. So we arrived to our room and it was empty. So still no biggie I gave it a hour and snuck out for ice to find a house phone in which I was told that I would have to call back because they couldnt find my order. I firmly said I would not call back nor did I want anyone calling me because it was a suprise, and that I would just kill more time in the room untill it arived. The doorbell rang and it was a gift bag with the champaign (not chilled) and no strawberries or card. I sent it away and asked that it come back correct, and once again stalled. At this point were at 2 hours in our room. Then the phone rings and my friend answers. It is the conceirge asking her about the strawberries..... SUPRISE RUINED!!!!! I specifically stated MANY times ITS A SUPRISE!!! So the doorbell once again rings and its the strawberries with no chanpaign..... now im crying the suprise is ruined, and the Wynn did less than nothing to make all of this right. I also came home to another 3465 emails from them. It has been a week and still no call from the Director of customer service that I was promised. We checked into the Cosmo the very next night and were treated like royalty, and from now on thats where all of my friends and family will stay..... 4 1/2 stars ya right!!!
4	Looking for Ultimate luxury and class in Sin City?  Look no further!  Wynn, and its sister hotel, Encore, are two of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip.In comparison to the other hotels on the Strip, the Wynn's deluxe rooms (the most basic of their accommodations) are a bit on the smaller end.  If you opt for any of the suites, you will have more space but it's still lacking a bit of lustre.  For the amount you're paying, you would expect nicer finishes and decor.. wouldn't you?  Ultimately, you are paying for the view and the location.The Wynn is also home to one of the hottest nightclubs on the Strip - Tryst.  Expect long lines and the usual guy:girl ratio is quite strict.  However, it is usually a lot easier to get into Tryst than it is to get into XS (Encore's club).  Both have very a very similar layout - partial indoor, partial outdoor; the decors are quite similar too.  Only main difference is Tryst has a huge waterfall, but it's a bit smaller in space, and XS has a huge pool.The Buffet - in my opinion, the best buffet on the Strip - is also here!  You cannot go wrong with prime rib, Alaskan king crab legs, and creme brulee!A weekend in Vegas can be quite pricey - so if you are looking for a pool party but don't want to pay $50 a head, the Wynn also has a huge pool area.  One side is family friendly, but once you pass the point of no return, European style sunbathing is welcomed ;)All in all, I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
5	My favorite Vegas hotel for these reasons:Service: We had a slight problem with our reservation but they were very patient. Rooms: very contemporary, clean,  spacious bathrooms and great views! The beds are extremely comfortable...Restaurants: Tableau. Buffet. You'd never have to leave this place. Pools: VIP Tower pool...euro party pools...cabanas...so many choices! Also, Encore beach club is next door.Shopping: If I had a few thousand to spend, this is the place to come.Clubs: Tryst & XS are my favorite clubs :)
1	I stayed at the Wynn in April, and was upgraded from a Tower Room to an Executive Suite courtesy of AMEX Platinum--very nice!  However, my sister ordered a bouquet of flowers through the Wynn Concierge, and I received a bouquet of wilted flowers--not very nice.  When I stopped by the concierge to express my disappointment with the quality of flowers, the concierge responded that my sister must have brought the flowers to the room herself--neat trick since she was sitting in NYC.  Finally, the concierge agreed to have someone check on it.  When I returned to the room at the end of the day, there was a new floral arrangement, and the wilted flowers remained.The following week I received an on-line survey from the Wynn, and I expressed my disappointment about the flowers and the rude treatment by the concierge.  I received an apology via email in addition to a promise of a one level upgrade on my next visit to the Wynn.Yesterday, my AMEX Platinum travel agent tried to book a return stay at the Wynn trying to use my email promise by the Wynn of an upgrade.  At first the Wynn denied any knowledge of this email.  Finally (after 15 minutes--my travel agent called me back), all the Wynn would do is upgrade me from their cheapest room to their second cheapest room (not the Tower Room to be upgraded to the Executive Suite as I had wanted).  I told my travel agent to tell the Wynn that I was again very disappointed by their service, and that I'll be making a reservation to stay at the Bellagio when I return to Las Vegas.
5	GORGEOUS!The shops, the bars, the restaurants, the whole place was pristine and immaculate. Awesome structural design throughout and amazing floral designs.Only walked around and drank at a few bars here but  it is super awesome. I would love to stay here sometime soon. It is a bit on the pricey side though.
4	I came here because I had a special offer. Was going to vegas for a bachelor party and was delightfully pleased. THe major thing was when I left the bill was exactly what the quoted me on the phone. They had a resort fee but that was expected.   The room was great, nice and big. The toilet paper there was way better than the venetian. The only problem was the beds are doubles not queens. I will definitely go back to this place again :)
5	The excellence of the Wynn staff has not diminished from 2 years ago when we used one of the salons for our son's wedding and held the reception in one of the restaurants. First class excellence all the way.
5	BEST hotel in Vegas.  Impeccable restaurants, service, atmosphere, rooms, best best best all around.. :)
3	I went here for the lunch buffet.  Well worth the price, even in Vegas.
5	One word to describe the beauty and decor of this hotel  Ornate !! On my trip to Vegas, I stumbled across the Wynn Hotel on the strip and was impressed by the impeccable architect, trendy high fashion hotel.   This by far is one of the best hotel that I have ever been in.  I thought that I was in a dream or on set of a motion picture project as I entered the door.  Walking in the hotel was very bright, with green grass and palm trees along the entrance  path. There is even a mall within the hotel with top designers such as Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Alexander Mcqueen,Rolex and etc.... lastly the hotel has the most breath taking water fall view  and romantic place to have dinner over looking the water. Stunning may not be the greatest adjective to describe this place..... But mouth dropping at the least.
5	I don't usually review Strip Hotels but I'll make an exception this time. Mr. Wynn knows how to do things right. First came the Wynn Las Vegas then Encore. These two properties are the top cream of the crop. Beautifully designed with all the amenities and satisfying service you could only expect from anything Steve Wynn builds.Everything is just better at the Wynn/Encore. The pools, Nightclubs, the gambling action, cool vibe and crowd is as good as it will get for us sinners. I'm taking the liberty to mention that you will have the best Vegas sex in here! Yes you heard that right, someone had to say it. Guys, you know what I'm talking about. Oh by morning, you'll wake up refresh, ready to do Vegas again or hungover and sleeping most of the day haha but don't worry, you're crashing in one of the nicest beds in the world!I've stayed all over the Strip and I rank the Wynn as my personal best. 5+ stars
2	I don't know why everybody likes the Wynn?! We got a room with 2 DOUBLE BEDS on the 40th something floor?!! Everywhere else in Vegas have QUEEN BEDS, and I could not believe my eyes that they actually put 2 doubles in such an upscale fancy place like the Wynn. I mean everything else was great, like the view of the golf course, the room service... but double beds, come on Wynn. Even Flamingo, TI, Harrahs have queen beds! Also the carpet was really dirty, I think it's suppose to be light yellow, ours was yellow and black. AND we had hotel neighbors, a bunch of douchbags guys, saying we were "too loud" at 9PM on a Friday night?! Who does that?! It's VEGAS, we came here to party, not sleep at 9PM. Walls are paper thin, we heard our neighbors as they heard us. Someone should ask Mr. Wynn why he decided to be shady on the beds and walls when it's such a luxurious hotel. I'm disappointed, I would not book at the Wynn again. The hotel was nice, but rooms itself were not worth it.
5	it was really nice, I had fun! Even though my companion on my trip was a bit of a dissapointment. ...i think we had a room that was in the less expensive range.BUT it was STILL wonderfull. I think people that complain about the room that We had being sub par? Are Shallow and need to really look at their values. I dont like rating things like this ....mainly because Im no professional. and I think a king size bed in a Barn Is A TREAT! HA!
5	Some people picture heaven as an endless array of white clouds and euphoric tranquility ... I picture the Wynn.The Wynn exudes a modern oppulence that is unmatched anywhere else in Las Vegas. The rooms are exceed even your heightened expectations of comfort and luxury. The beds are reason enough to book your next stay at the Wynn, if it wasn't Las Vegas you would never want to get out of it in the morning.The casino floor is filled with enough tables to assure you an open spot at your favorite game. The craps dealers are always exceedingly social and help promote an upbeat vibe amongst the players. The black jack dealers are knowledgeable and will respectfully advise inexperienced players on suggested strategies to maximize their chances against the house. The Wynn has the best sports book in all of Las Vegas. Each seat has a personal monitor that you can control, allowing you to switch between the games that you are dying to see.Every restaurant in the Wynn is an experience. My favorite is Bartollota, which celebrates coastal Italian cuisine and features homemade pasta  and fresh seafood.When my time on earth comes to an end, I look forward to spending eternity partying Vegas style at the Wynn.
4	I have stayed at both the Wynn and Encore in the past year. Both times I loved our stay. The rooms are always very spacious and clean with pretty contemporary decor. Their beds, comforter & pillows are amazing! So good that I ended up ordering the pillow from their store - came with free shipping! Oh and I appreciate the swirling tv that could face the living space or the bed... And that I can check our my rooms charges and etc on the TV. oh and the TV in the bathroom!! I liked having the music while i got ready~The people working at the reception were not so great at times because it seems to always be busy. The management is great at handling any issues though. Once they were overbooked and when we arrived at about 10 pm, we were told we had to spend our first night at Trump. The receptionist implied we should count our lucky stars we didn't get bumped to Treasure Island (where some guests were), when I showed displeasure. We liked gambling till the wee hours and was not pleased with that. Some other issues came up but when I got a hold of the management, it got sorted out. Some frustration and a lot of waiting around to get answers but it got sorted out eventually...Love the restaurant options and shopping. Casino floor is massive and well kept. I just love the whole vibe of both Wynn & Encore~
5	My husband and I LOVE the WYNN. We got married at the Wynn in 2010 and ever since then we are hooked. We were just back in Vegas 2 weeks ago and we stayed at the Wynn again. We made a decision that we would not stay anywhere else. No matter if you have money or not you are treated the same. The gaming is great. The drinks are great. BUT most of all the BED is a dream come true.
5	Now  a little more than two years old, the Wynn still has "It".  There is not too much that I could say that hasn't been said by the other 485 reviews, except to share my experience: Steve Wynn has the experience of building so much of modern day Vegas.  I just stayed at Bellagio last month and with the Wynn/Encore, he has truly built the best hotel.  The difference between Bellagio and W/E is that they are now "corporate-owned" whereas Steve gets to do whatever he wants or needs to do.The rooms are opulent.  I should warn you that I think the front desk plays an upgrade game where they tell you that your room is not ready and then they try to upsell you to be a bigger room.  I witnessed this on either side of me when I was checking in.  They had a problem with my reservation and I was offered an "upgrade" for free.  Comparing rooms with my coworkers, I could not see any difference.  HrmmmThe food is all over-the-top good.  There are NO inexpensive restaurants in the hotel.  Expect to eat like a king everywhere and pay a fortune for it.  I ate at Lakeside and can wholely recommend it, if only for the experience of seeing a  strange animatronic show.  Steve Wynn certainly has a sense of humor having a giant, black-lit frog sing "It's a Wonderful World"The convention services are phenominal.  Not a blip of trouble and everyone was super nice and responsive.  Catered lunches were almost as good as the restaurant food - definitely a departure from your normal troughs of food at trade shows. The clubs - XS and Surrender - oh if the walls could only talk.  I am beyond the "clubbing" age, but it was definitely a treat to see how/where the rich, young, rich, beautiful, rich people party.I am not sure who/how the $20/day resort fee works.  I thought I signed something agreeing to it when I checked in.  But then when I went to use the fitness center - they told me I didn't sign up for it.  And then they wanted $15 for each day of using the center.  Yes, the blackjack tables START at $25 per hand - ON A TUESDAY NIGHT!  There were no shortage of people playing/losing at the $100 table.  I guess it goes with the rest of the place.  On the flip side, I only paid $159/night with my convention rate, but Steve made up for the [cheap] room rate with everything else.   However, it was all worth it.
4	We came here for Le Reve. The show was spectacular and was well worth the wait in line for the tickets. The theater they built for it was pure genius as there literally is NO bad seat. The show is not your typical 'all eyes on a couple of characters' type of show as it takes place all around you and every player is true to character and doing something related to the show at all times. For example: as they are doing a main aerial show in the center stage you will have the jokesters on one side looking on in over the top grandeur at the show and the minor main character who reminds me of a shmaman or medicine man will be looking on in pride as his creation comes to fruition, and his minions are moving around doing what minions do best. Everywhere you look there is something going on.The hotel was beautiful and modern. We didn't stay long except to throw a couple of bucks in a slot, so I couldn't critique the amenities of the place.
4	All i do is wynn, wynn, wynn and get fucked up
5	ALL time FAAVORRITEE hotel. Been to vegas many many times with my family. We have stayed in over 80% of the hotels on this strip. Wynn has got to be the best. Rooms were clean, high-maintenance, class, and a luxury ambiance. Food was remarkably tasteful and delightful. You'll never leave this place unhappy. Staff are the most friendliest and cheerful people. Prices don't matter when you stay in Las Vegas. You'll always expect to pay a lot, but in due time, be worth it.
4	Swanky.I think that is a good summary of Wynn Casino. I didn't stay here, but had a great time at their casino. If you signed up for their Red Card, you will get $10 FREE PLAY credit. We played our credit and had a couple of delicious Chocolate Martinis. We were tipsy at 1 pm and I won about $12 from the Mona Lisa slot machine. Thank you, Wynn. I kinda heart you from that point on. Hopefully next time, I can come by and visit again. It was fun.
4	Such a beautiful hotel.  I don't remember where I heard this, but supposedly Steve Wynn designed this hotel with his wife in mind.  It definitely has a feminine look to it, from the gorgeous carpet to the wall sconces.  Every square inch of this hotel was well thought out.  Every little detail just falls into place in this beautiful hotel.Yes, the room rates are on the higher end of Vegas hotels, but if you're young with money to spend, it's well worth it.  The nightlife has been popping since the day they opened, beach parties are still always at capacity, and you can't go wrong with any of the dining options.  Speaking of dining options, best buffet in all of Vegas.  Not the most options in comparison to other buffets on the strip, but options aren't the highlight, the quality is.Well worth a visit, even if you're not staying here.  Lots of photo ops and cute things to make you smile =]
5	We had a Wonderful Time visiting Wynn and Encore. We really enjoyed the Ambiance at the Resort. I want to compliment the Managment and Staff on the cleanliness and attention to detail. The Resort is so impressive and well maintained. I look forward to another visit!
5	I know this is supposed to be a review about the hotel, but GO TO THE CAFE AND GET THE ASIAN CHICKEN SALAD. You won't regret it.#WYNNING.
5	Great and Beautiful Hotel. Colorful and glittery. Have a drink before you go to any show if you want to keep yourself amused. Go Shop and to the salon. Everything you want is at your fingertips. The food is amazing ! I like the bathrooms big roomy bathtubs. It was like a spa of my own. I got the body creams and bath gel at the shop in the lobby, and they run about $40 to $100 per bottle for some types, but the aroma of those are very addicting.  Can't wait to go back !
1	It's not the hotel, it's just that this is the last time I was with the G/F and after we came back it was over. So my taste buds for the Wynn are poisoned. I hate everything about the WYNN. Sorry Steve but I'll be staying at the Standard or The Hotel next week.
5	This is the best hotel I've ever stayed at...Over the last few years, I have averaged over 150 nights per year in hotels, and The Wynn is at the top of the list.  It blows away just about every hotel I've been to.  Just for comparison, here is a list of some of the nicest hotels I've stayed at:  The Beverly Hilton, The Palazzo, The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Four Seasons, suites at the W Austin and W Dallas, Hotel Adolphus, Magnolia, etc.  The Wynn is much better than all of these...There are many reviewers who have done an excellent job with explaining why The Wynn is amazing, so I'll keep it short:   Best features: - Elegant rooms with incredibly comfortable beds- Large HD TV with just about every channel available in HD- The best bathroom out of any hotel I've ever seen...fully equipped with a TV, the best bathroom products (they even offer free shoe polish), and the highest quality toilet paper...- Great service (front desk, room service, etc)Negatives: - The price - it's hard to get a room for below $200 a night.  On peak days, even a standard room is over $400.  At least internet is included with the $20 resort fee...On top of having the greatest rooms, the Wynn property itself is my favorite.  I love the casino, the sports book, and the restaurants.  There are also a ton of shops.  Just be prepared to fork over a ton of cash, because everything is overpriced.  Overall, I highly recommend The Wynn to just about anyone, especially couples looking for the perfect getaway in Vegas.  Enjoy!
5	Most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in.  Upgraded to a gorgeous suite! Service is friendly from check-in, check-out, concierge, bell hop and each person you may pass in the hall.   Free pressing?!  I felt so spoiled having someone pick up our clothes and bring them back pressed.  All the bathroom amenities were wonderful.  We couldn't stop playing with the controls for lights and curtains :).  Yeah, we don't get out enough!
5	This hotel is amazing! From the moment you walk in everything is beautiful. They had a special going on so we got to upgraded to a gorgeous suite, for only an extra $50 a night! Service is friendly from check-in, check-out, concierge, Everything in the room has a remote control, I was like a little kid play wil the drapes and the lights :-).
5	This is absolutely one of the top hotels on my list for Vegas... I LOVE all the decorations. So seductive... Absolutely sexy. The service here is very helpful too. I love the pool party here and the food at the restaurants here are delicious as well.
1	The staff was very rude and impolite in the casino. My gf and I were sitting on a chair and they just came and impolitely requested that we leave the chair because they were going to get some money out of one of the machines. I complained to the manager and then to the casino manager. They said they were sorry but you could tell they couldnt care less. I would never go back again. Out of all the casino's I saw in Vegas, this was the only one that was disappointing to me. Very rude staff.
4	Rooms are clean and designed well. Casino and clubs are fun but it's way overpriced! You can stay at a nice hotel down the st for much less.....would go back if I save up! Ha
4	Beautiful suites, very good concierge service.
5	My favorite Hotel in the World! I've stayed here several times and I've never had a bad experience. The hotel is impeccably maintained. The service is Top Notch, The layout beautiful.
5	This hotel was amazing!!!! My girls and I went to celebrate my friends big 27 this past weekend...haha!!! I would have to say that this was the best experience i had in a while with a hotel. At least to me the staff was nice and respectful. I've stayed at the Bellagio and Aria they were both mediocre compared to this hotel. But of course you will have people every where and I do mean everywhere that may need a little more training in customer service and technical skills but, what can you do about that? Nothing but keep it moving next to your new adventure that Vegas has to offer. Time wasted complaining about this and that when you can easily go somewhere else and enjoy right? Anyway, The room was off the chain , It was one of the Wynn tower suites. It was so elegant along with the HD TVs that they have in each room. Super clean, even the bathroom mad me jealous think i need to rethink the design for my bathroom now....lol. I will revisit this hotel in the future, just might be my new place to stay when in Vegas!!! Check it out.
4	It's definitly one of the best hotels in Vegas, and you definitly pay the price for it.  Nothing's cheap there, so expect to pay double or triple the room price compare to other hotels around like Treasure Island or MGM.  but It was definitly well worth it.  we stayed on the 37th floor and the view was just amazing and the service was pretty good.  The waitress downstairs definitly bring your drinks fairly fast and as long as you tip them something you can expect a pretty fast refill.  I would definitly stay there if I could get another decent deal for next year.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. The diamond suites are incredible, the casino is classic and the service is great.
2	Long lines in check in and check out. Slow and can not even find me easily and then give me crappy room even though was guaranteed a good room by client.  Windows dirty in room and next to roof and was noisy. Hard to get fresh air with cigarette smoke that is not well vented. Funny they did not even ask if I enjoyed my stay. Been there a dozen times but they had no clue. Internet WiFI was $20 for 40 minutes. Ripoff like Internet in rooms. Wow! Not good for five star hotel!
4	If you get the side that overlooks the golf course, it's absolutely gorgeous! Make sure you pay the resort fee to gain access to WiFi. Otherwise, it is $13.99 per day for WiFi access.Convenient location if you want to party it up at XS or Tryst at night.
4	what a beautiful place.  I was here for a ballroom competition.  the service and ambiance were great but the food was terrible.  didn't matter where we went to eat it was terrible all through the resort.  so go for looks but not for eats
4	Design is wonderful, as are the rooms! Not as high tech as Aria, but still nice nevertheless. The hotel itself is bright with a gold-red theme, but restaurants are a bit lacking. Not that there aren't any, just that they are all extremely fancy, sit down types of restaurants minus perhaps one cafe. Expensive shops all around and my one complaint...$60 all you can eat DIM SUM? Um, just drive or take a taxi to Chinatown for 1/6 the price!
5	Super LUX. Very very pretty and they have all of my favorite stores.
5	LOVE the Wynn. Love Steve Wynn*. This place is CLASSY. It's also Modern and sophisticated from the casino floor to the rooms themselves. Great restaurants and nightclubs plus shops like Ferrarri, Prada and Dior. You wanna be here.It also has tight security at the elevator shafts 24/7. The Wynn has a number of convenient meeting points for men and their mistresses, however, I would recommend the Encore for your extra-marital affairs.*He hires Transsexuals like they were normal people.
5	The rooms are absolutely amazing.  They contain floor-to-ceiling windows that provide a gorgeous view.  They have lights that include a "low-lighting" setting that makes the room appear much more mellow and at-ease.  The bathroom is also large and spacious, containing a bathtub and separate shower.  The Wynn also contains a wide variety of restaurants to eat at.  Guests should be warned that some of the restaurants are unreasonably expensive, while others, such as Terrace Point Cafe have good food and are affordable.  The hotel is also very tastefully decorated, and I especially love the beautiful lights and Christmas decorations during Christmas-time.
5	Of course 5 stars for this gorgeous property.  The view from our room was stunning.  Wish we wouldn't have even left the Wynn grounds.  Wynner!
5	I'm planning our next Vegas trip and hoping that my best friend will agree that we need to stay here. I'm excited to stay here, I'm excited to review about my stay and expect excellent things!But until that day comes, I'm only here to review the casino.The place is beautiful. Beautiful, I tell you! When I'm here I don't want to leave. I feel like I'm the Queen of the entire universe when I'm here. Everything is so nice and I feel amazingly important being able to partake in it (Eating here, using their furniture, watchin friends gamble, etc.)Its very cultured and I think you need to have an understanding of manners and class before you come here.I think every one who ever wondered about the Wynn should visit, you'll be happy you did!
5	The workers at the front desk are very nice and helpful. Make sure to ask for a free bottle of water when you're checking in at registration!Inside, the decorations are awesome! The scenery with all the trees and bushes lit up are amazing. The restaurants are really good too. Stratta is a good restaurant to eat at before you head out if you're staying at the hotel and going watch Le Reve which is right next to the restaurant. The rooms are very nice too. The bed is very comfy and the bathrooms are top notch. Make sure not to pick up any of the snacks or drinks from the fridge or display if you don't want it. You have 60 seconds to set it back down. If you don't put it back, then you'll be charged immediately. Wynn and Encore are connected to each other and the rooms look exactly the same maybe except for some of the decorations in the hall ways. They also have night clubs there. Surrender is an awesome night club to go to. There's a shallow pool and the dancers are amazingly fit. Service is also really good. Music is pretty good as well. Wynn is the go to place to stay at if you're in Vegas.
5	I'm gonna keep this short and simple, this is a GREAT hotel.The entire design and ambiance is just magnificent, and it definitely makes you feel kinda like a celebrity. I'm a big fan of their promenade where they have lined the most exclusive and expensive shops in the world.  They also have really great congregation spaces that are just adorned with flowers and trees.  It's like a mini garden/oasis placed right inside.
5	Although I didn't stay here I experienced everything but to sleep there. The hotel is beautiful and is located in the best part of the strip [close to everything]. The pools are huge, the lobby is beautiful, and you might be able to catch a few celebrities in and out and about. The casino is also beautiful and the staff is friendly for the most part. This place also has some of the hottest night clubs in the country so it's definitely worth visiting. The decor is stunning and the shops are the best of the best. You can't go wrong with staying here if as long as it doesn't leave a dent in your wallet.
3	The hotel itself is very nice. but it is at the end of the strip. The service was really slow. had issues with room service twice.
4	The Wynn is located at the end of the strip, so you will probably want to drive since it can be a very long walk. However, you will find it's easy to get in and out of with your vehicle and there is ample parking. Service was impeccable; rooms were HUGE and tasteful; the views over the strip to the mountains were breathtaking and the whole place has an upscale vibe to it. The best part of staying at Wynn was that we were able to purchase tickets to two of the hottest clubs in town namely, Tyrst and XS Night life of long lines and expensive drinks is to be expected at a Vegas club.The casino was classy and the drinks were served frequently.  You can go cheap and play the penny slots (my friend won 135 bucks off a max bet of $1.20) to the more expensive slots.
5	MAn, if you have the opportunity to stay here, DO IT! their hotel is so nice and the bathroom is more like a bedroom. Its comfortable and if you're a girl or a guy who  needs mirrors to get ready, they have A LOT!
4	Beautiful, classy place. Did not stay in a room, but played in their casino and ate at who restaurants (Terrace cafe highly recommended, buffet not highly recommended). Really beautiful decor.
5	Perfection!  I have yet to stay here, but this is my favorite casino to lounge around at.  The place is so nice and seems to have much more class than most of the other casino's in Vegas.  Steve Wynn did it right when he build this place!  Not much more can be said that hasn't already been said.
5	Congratulations on nothing short of consistent perfection. My wife and I have been to the Wynn more than ten times.  Every trip, we see and appreciate the Wynn staff's hard work to ensure an unparalleled experience.
4	Easily, my one of my favorite places to stay on the strip so far. The Wynn just keeps getting better too upon every visit. They're generous with their room comps and sales promotions, their room amenities are deluxe, there's great nightlife in-house (Tryst, XS in the Encore) and their selection of highly concentrated luxury stores are some of the best on the strip (Dior, Manolo Bhlanik, LV, Gucci, Tiffany's, etc.). Le Reve is wonderful, and the Ferrari showroom is another neat feature that is definitely worth a look. The Wynn just exudes class, sophistication, luxury and the right amount fun.
3	December 22nd was my first hotel stay at the Wynn, for 3 free nights (awesome huh?).  I definitely agree about the modern and sophisticated decor, especially the holiday display in the lobby, it's definitely a nice artistic touch. However, I've experienced several problems on this trip and it's unacceptable.The bellman was extremely courteous and funny, cleaning ladies were super nice, but I didn't get the same service from the front desk.  The front desk lobby was crowded at check-in, wasn't organized and had no apparent lines. There was a host directing "traffic" to the imaginary lines, which I didn't like at all. We were at the head of the "line" for 20 minutes until a couple walked in and was helped right there and then in front of us (the host directed them to our line). I was frustrated and was in utter confusion...WHAT THE F***?! Finally, after check-in, I got my suite and a view of the golf course, great. The room had my all-time favorite chair, a chair I can't seem to find anywhere for sale, 2 queen beds (which were oddly small), a double vanity bathroom with a separate toilet enclosure, a flat screen tv, and a little business desk area. Back to the bathroom, it had no locks, no locks on the main bathroom door and no locks on the toilet door, WHAT THE F***?! There were many nice Red Card employees before meeting the meanie. Anyway, back to business, the Red Card desk did not inform me of the program itself, all they did was ask for my ID and spin their wheel. There was no brochure about introductory gifts and the program itself, so that was no bueno. On one of the nights, I headed to the Red Card desk and asked if I could use my points for buffet passes, and that's where I met the meanie. She was extremely mean in her tone, face, and gestures. She said that I don't qualify for any free buffets and it was only for introductory members. Well duh, I was a new member and I had won free buffets from the wheel earlier in the trip.  Her name started with a D, and I dislike her. She could've been more polite and said something like, I'll check that for you, and here are the promotions. But she didn't say that, she just blew me off like I wasn't important. WHAT THE F***? Talking about the buffet, it was definitely tasty; I suggest going for breakfast and staying for lunch! Dinner wasn't worth it. The hostess at the buffet was so extremely nice, they saw that my grandma has problems walking and suggested that we sit closer, no problem! A+ buffet, they totally made my day especially after the meanie ruined it. We also tried their room service, they didn't have much variety and the prices were outrageous. I ordered a clam linguini, burger, side of au gratin potatoes and chicken wings. The potatoes were fantabulous, cooked in a super mini cast iron pot and everything else was just eh. The dinner breads were hard and stale, bleh. I actually saved the baguette and kept it as a safety weapon, because it was so hard and pointy lol. There aren't many good eats at the Wynn, I can only vouch for The Buffet. So that's that.As for the gaming, half of the slots were under maintenance, and there was a weird uncomfortable gaming spirit lurking in the air...I'd also like to add that drink runners were basically nonexistent. And if there was, we would see them walk to a certain point and then walk back, so lame. That's when I decided to just purchase a drink from The Drugstore, so much better. My overall experience at the Wynn was a fail, it was definitely not what I expected, especially as a VIP.  I can honestly say I'll be happy staying at the New York New York hotel...
5	The view from the 60th floor, facing the strip, is nothing short of spectacular. I highly recommend upgrading to a panoramic room if given the chance. The rooms have fully remote controlled lighting and shades and offer the modern luxuries that you would expect from a high-end suite in Vegas. The hotel staff is extremely accommodating as well. I prefer the sports book at the Wynn over the Palazzo or the Venetian because it is much quieter and the service is better. However, the drink ticket minimum has risen significantly in the past couple of years.
5	Didn't stay here, but walked through it after being dropped off by our shuttle from Trump.  It was so nice and beautiful inside!  I look forward to coming back to Vegas and exploring this lovely property even more!
5	definition of fabulous. pretty convenient place to stay at if you're the clubbing type. as XS/Tryst/Surrender are all downstairs and TAO is right next door too. service is truly world class too. After I got locked out of my room, I left my phone at the hotel directory in a drunken stupor and the security/concierge was nice enough to help me get it back when they didn't need to. -1 star me +1 star them lol celebrities regularly stay here. i took a pic with kevin durant here over MDW last yr! chill dude my only bone to pick with this place is that i lost  like 16 out of 20 hands here at blackjack once(i mean, forrealz? lol). oh well, at least my donation went someplace worthwhile hahaha. i'll definitely be back again soon!
2	Stayed here recently. The place nickel and dimes you a little too much. Fitness Center Usage, 15$ .really. It small and not even that nice. Machines aren't cybex either and no free weights. The restaurants are good, but the actually hotel and services are lacking for certain. Better off in the newer properties, Cosmo, etc. For the quality of the hotel and tough location, its not worth it to stay here.
5	Gorgeous hotel with great service. Great decor more on the classy upscale side. I've stayed here twice and it was always an enjoyable stay. Larger suites with larger rooms and tvs. I love the decoration with the foliage here in this hotel, always keeping it trimmed and elegant. The Wynn Buffet is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas! Lots of different food options and stations. But I wrote the review for the buffet separately. The clubs here in this hotel are awesome such as XS right in Encore and Blush is a smaller lounge-type of club. Very chill, but popping. I like how they have more open seating to chill like in a lounge at Blush. I would definitely stay here again but it definitely gets expensive!
5	Sitting and playing the slots and a hostess comes to me calling me by name saying she wants to give me $10 free play for being a valued guest! Heck yeah I'll take it thanks! First time that ever happened at any casino we stayed at!This is one of the nicest hotels on the strip. Easy to find your way around.
1	We recently stayed at the Wynn hotel and experienced theft. We inadvertently left our iPad in the nightstand drawer when we checked out and, upon arriving at the airport a short time later, called lost and found who indicated housekeeping had not checked it in yet. Our friends still at the hotel also attempted to retrieve it, but were told they too had to wait for housekeeping. Awaiting a return call, I also left a msg when we arrived home that evening, knowing time was of the essence. I followed up the next morning, as no one returned my call, and was told that nothing has been turned in. I was directed to Guest Claims to file a claim, which I did, and also a police report, yet they confirmed no one had checked into our room yet. Even though a "thorough" investigation was to take place, I received a call the next day saying that they would be happy to provide an insurance letter because they simply could not "accuse" anyone of impropriety and nothing was found, however the fact is that it didn't disappear into thin air. Each time I have called, they either had my name or check out date incorrect, which leads us to believe that they never had any intention of restoring our item to us.Honestly, I would have never expected this from the Wynn. While the facility was lovely, this behavior is unacceptable. I even left a message for Christopher Fox, the assistant manager 6 days ago to review the matter, but never received a call back. This lack of concern and frankly, dishonesty, is appalling. Judging from several other recent reviews, the theft is becoming an epidemic.It's a shame that a supposed luxury resort would conduct itself this way, just awful. We went to great lengths to go on this trip with friends after a family tragedy and this only made it worse. Shame on you, Wynn.
5	By word of mouth we were directed to the Wynn for the buffet a couple days ago and I can't stop thinking about the amazing variety, flavor, freshness and ultimate service we encountered. This is the first buffet I have ever been to that used fresh ingredients to bring unique and full flavors without dumping onions and garlic in to compensate for lack of talent.  If I could, I would give this a 6 star all day,,,,,oh, and to add, I have tried many attempts here at home to try sushi but never could get it down, the sushi at the Wynn was my first and couldn't get enough,,,,we are back at home in Minnesota now and I can't imagine heading to another buffet here (sad as it is).
2	Front desk was not very helpful the person who took care of us. He wrote the wrong room number, so we try to go in someone else room. Not very good nothing was done to take care of the matter. So make sure you take to the manger.
4	The day pass is $40 a day!!! so worth the money!!!  I body work is way over priced.  Just by the day pass and enjoy the spa.  Staff was great and very helpful.  They have iced wash clothes with cut cucumber for your eyes.  Go have some fun and relax!!!
1	Had a mix up on the date of arrival and I payed for a night I wasn't there.  So in the line at reception " youll have to talk to someone else. I wasn't there to spend my time arguing about the date on my papers back home "GUEST LOSES FIRST ROUND" . That night Im woken to the sound of banging and music 3 am .  wait 20 minutes call front desk " we'll send security to look but its probably the night club, they close in an hour though" BUT I"M ON THE 38 floor!!!  So "GUEST LOSES ROUND TWO" I waited till I had some time then asked to talk to the manager.  "sorry theres no manager on duty "  What MOTEL 6 kinda Answer is that?"GUEST LOSES ROUND THREE"  no manager calls me back . another desk person answers the request to speak to the manager. "guest loses round Four..."   and on it goes will I get anything for my 1,220 stay ? who knows The Bellagio has a bunch of loyal followers .  NO puke in the elevator for the eitire stay that I remember either.  BEWARE Not the classy joint its advertised to be in my experience!
4	My letter to the Wynn, regarding our recent stay:To Whom It May Concern,My husband and I recently stayed at the Wynn, and overall, we enjoyed our stay.  We chose the Wynn for our stay because of it's vegan-friendly claims.  As you may or may not know, traveling as a vegan can sometimes be a little tricky, and we were hoping for an easy, restful weekend, without having to do a ton of leg work and research just to enjoy ourselves.Due to a delayed flight and rental car issues, we checked in rather late.  We were so thankful to be able to find dining at midnight with gourmet vegan options (Stratta).  We were a little disappointed to find that, after a long evening of stressful travel issues, we could not enjoy a glass of wine together with dinner, because the restaurant did not offer any vegan wines.  Luckily, we had our iPhones, so while we waited for our meals, we researched every wine on the list (on barnivore.com) to find if any might come from vegan-friendly vineyards.  Halfway through our dinner, which we spent researching while we ate, we finally found 1 sparkling wine that might possibly be vegan.  We each ordered a glass.After dinner, we went to Parasol Up, hoping that a bar would have more of a selection, but no.  Our server here, as well as our server at Statta, had no idea what a vegan wine actually was (most wines are refined using egg whites, or other animal parts).  We again spent about 20 minutes researching until we found one that could possibly be vegan.  Hovering over our phones was not exactly how we wanted to spend the first night of our romantic mini-vacation.The next day, we called to make reservations for our anniversary dinner at La Cave.  This time, we asked ahead of time if they had any vegan wines, and were told that they also do not (even though they boast a huge selection of wines).  I asked if we could bring our own wine, and we were told "Absolutely, but there is a 2 bottle minimum."  That afternoon, we took an hour out of our short trip (when we could have been relaxing/getting ready for our romantic evening) to drive to Whole Foods and pick out two vegan wines to bring to dinner.  Once we were seated, we were informed that there was a $50 corkage fee per bottle, with that two bottle minimum!  We felt that as vegans, we were actually getting ripped off- It would cost us $100 in addition to the cost of the wines, just to be able to sip a cruelty-free wine with our dinner?  I told our server that, who told the manager.  The manager then came to our table to inform us that, just this one time, as an exception, they would waive the corkage fees so that we could enjoy our wines.  We truly appreciated this and enjoyed being able to drink, knowing that our wine, as well as our food, were not products of violence towards animals.As I mentioned before, my husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Wynn.  We loved being able to eat great food whenever we pleased (fully confident that the chef had our dietary needs in mind), and especially having the luxury of ordering a completely vegan in-room breakfast.  In all honestly, we enjoyed some truly wonderful vegan meals during our stay.  We would love to stay at the Wynn or Encore on our next stay, but we don't know if its really worth the hassle if we want to indulge in a bottle of wine, as we like to do when we're on vacation.  If we knew we would have vegan options on this stay, we would have even gone to your clubs, as we love going out to dance, but since we were informed there were no vegan wines (and we don't drink hard alcohol) in the entire resort, we decided against it.  Why pay the huge cover charge if you can't even have a drink once you're inside?  What's the point of us even returning to your hotel again, if we know that we can expect to pay at least $100 on top of our bill, every time we eat at one of your "vegan-friendly" restaurants.  We were both so appreciative of the manager's decision at La Cave, but will they make the exception in the future?  When we left your "vegan-friendly" hotel, we felt like those vegans that everybody dislikes because they're such a pain, rather than a traveller that got to enjoy all the luxuries of your hotel, regardless of dietary need.    It was not quite the effortless, relaxing trip we had in mind.  We would have loved to have at least one certified vegan wine on the menu (perhaps one red and one white, or maybe that would be pushing it?) that we could have chosen from, but instead, we had to research and take time to go to the store and buy our own wine only to be informed there's a huge charge for us to be able to drink it.  Although we really enjoyed every other aspect of the Wynn, I really don't know if it's worth the trouble and expense to go back. Sincerely,Kristy
4	The gf and parents wanted to stay here and so this trip I booked a couple rooms at the Wynn.  The hotel unlike others is bright and comfortable and not too crowded.  When you call the hotel you get the idea why they receive the 5 diamond award.  The rooms were nice although when I look at the fixtures in the bathroom I can see it getting old in a few years.  The room is well lit, had a great view of the strip and probably one of the more comfortable beds in a hotel.  The only downside of this was even though I was on the 36th floor I could hear loud music coming from the club.  That would be my only complaint.  I like the Wynn and I'll be staying here again.
5	This was our third trip to the Wynn Las Vegas and I love it as much as ever!  The rooms, the service, the restaurants, the buffet, the spa . . . EVERYTHING is top-notch.Steve Wynn is a hero of mine because he dreams big and successfully executes the dream.  He is a true American icon and I always feel inspired when I visit one of his properties.  I wish he would write a book!Just in case anyone from management is reading this, my one comment is that the counter service at the cafe (adjacent to Stratta) is very slow.  The cafe needs a "coffee only" line or extra help during the peak morning hours.
5	Stayed in a suite on the 54th floor. Beautiful. Had plenty of room in the bathroom to get ready. The "office" with a sofa was spacious. The bed was comfortable, wish i had one of those. The maid knocked, then opened the door early in the morning. I asked her if she could leave and come back. XS was beautiful, and only a few minutes walk. Got to see one of my favorite DJs, the crowd was wild. Wish the pool was open it looked beautiful.
4	The Wynn Casino is beautiful and the shops and decor are very classy. I made the Wynn my exclusive place to gamble when in LV because the dealers were friendly, the cocktail waitresses were personable, and the clientele was easy to play with.  Also there isn't an over bearing smell of smoke.The table games are very spread out and the minimums aren't too bad.  I was with some first-timers and the dealers were very patient in explaining the rules and helping out where they could. I think they even gave one of the guys a practice round of Let it Ride. Anyways I highly recommend the Wynn as a great place to gamble and have fun with casual gamblers.
5	LOVED staying at the Wynn. Awesome hotel. Awesome and accomodating staff. The room itself was nothing short of great. Was up on the 51st floor with a view of the Encore pool and golf area. My only qualm was that even being that high up, you could hear the music from club XS bumping past 3am. The pool area is nice as well. Only sat out there for around an hour, but it was quite relaxing!The gym I LOVED as well. Towel service, water bottles, free fruit, nice staff, and TVs on all the cardio equipment. Overall was a great experience. Only tried out the cafe for breakfast but would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone!
5	Gorgeous hotel/casino.  I haven't stayed here before, so I'm just reviewing the ambiance of the casino and hotel floor as a whole.  The decor is lovely!  Very bright and vivid with bold colors, especially red.  We had dinner here, as well as doing some gambling.  They have this gorgeous man made lake/waterfall that had a nice little show with a giant frog and bold, bright dancing flowers swaying back and forth.  No elaborate water show like the Bellagio, but it was cute and fun to see the frog singing to Frank Sinatra numbers.  Nice dealers and casino floor hosts as well.  I hit 5 aces here playing Pai Gow.  Bummer that I forgot to bet the progressive.  Boo.  Overall, very classy and beautiful casino with very high end shops.
5	A step above the rest, setting foot in this place is like coming home. The difference with the Wynn and other upscale hotels are in the details; they pay attention to the little things that make a big impression. The service, the rooms, everything you can think of, really.The golf course view is nicer than the strip if your room is in the right location. Another plus is that the cocktail waitresses, from what I hear, are recruited models working another job.
4	Such a great hotel! EVERY single restaurant in the Wynn is remarkable. I am also intrigued by the fact that every restaurant has a vegeterian/gluten free menu. When I am staying a the Wynn I do not eat anywhere else. When I am forced to stay somewhere else I still only eat at the Wynn! The rooms are spacious and clean. Everyone employed (and I seriously mean everyone) by the Wynn that I have come into contact with is a class act.  They anticipate any need that you may have and deliver on it. Something weird to note: there are lots of channels to watch in the rooms, but my boyfriend and I have this unspoken ritual- we watch the Wynn channel at bedtime. The pictures are beautiful and Steve Wynn's voice is so soothing that it puts you right to sleep. Oddly enough we discovered on our last trip that we were not the only ones doing this!
5	No gimmicks.  Just pure elegance, Vegas style.
4	This is probably one of the higher class casinos we visited. They have a shopping area and a firari exhibit. The boys saw the cars and the girls went window shopping (because I can't afford shit in those places!). We grabbed some gelatto in the Pizza place and sat outside and watched the man made waterfalls. The hotel is very nicely put together with clean and beautiful restrooms and the floor of the casino is nice too.
5	The head wine buyer for the Wynn just called me in response this letter.  He said they do carry a few vegan wines, but perhaps the staff were not aware.  They are working on adding more and told me to contact him when we plan on revisiting so he can give us an up-to-date list on what vegan wines they have so we know what to order.  I am so impressed with the Wynn.  Truly amazing customer service and a beautiful hotel to boot!
5	Wonderful place to stay.  Rooms were incredible.  It's really important to me to have a quiet comfortable room when I'm in Las Vegas.  I would highly recomment the Wynn - if you can afford the high price.  I got a deal with a last-minute hotel finder app.
4	It may not have cheezy gondolas, scaled down iconic architecture, faux skies or a fancy shmancy water shows on a grand scale, but what it does have is service.  We stayed in the tower suites (both the Encore and the Wynn) and have enjoyed our stays.  The service is great, and, for Vegas, it's kinda nice to feel welcome.  Restaurants:  The restaurants are pretty good and the buffet is slightly above average.  The blue-collar blood in me likes basic food, but not for the Disneyland prices at Zuzu's deli/cafe.  But, if you wanted to pinch a few bucks to play that extra slot machine, the location of Wynn gives you that freedom to go across the street for some food court action.  Also, it's a great place for the girls to go shop while the boys play that god-forsaken game of craps.Gaming:  Most of the tables are 25+ at might, but you might find a few tables for 15.  I like the craps tables because of its social atmosphere, plus the guys running the tables are pretty cool.  So if I win a few grand, I leave a nice tip for making my gaming experience fun.  Heck, even if I lose, I'll tip them.  They're good peeps.Clubs:  XS seems pretty popular amongst the 20 somethings.  Pool:  great service but go early to get a spotGym:  very nice, but there's one lady at the desk who gave me a snippy attitude when I arrived in flip flops.  I just wanted use the yoga ball, and I understand the safety issues, but she didn't have to give me an attitude.  So wear shoes and avoid getting scolded.Room:  The Tower suites give you access to a separate entrance and check-in desk which makes the wait for your room much more pleasant.  The rooms in the tower suites are also slightly upgraded with a separate living space from the bedroom, although there is no enclosure.  So if you have guests stopping by, and someone is taking a pre-party nap, they are still going to be disturbed.  Turn-down service is a nice touch, and the room has all your expected amenities for a 5 star hotel.  The only issue I had that did not give this place 5 stars is the staff from gym were not super friendly, and the environmental service ladies (the ones vacuuming the lounge) were really rude when I was waiting for some friends in the bathroom.  I did not expect that- and I doubt that this would be expected behavior at St. Regis.But whatever, it's Vegas.  It's an adult playground, and Wynn makes it a bit more special.
5	AWESOME hotel!!!  Loved our stay here.  Came in through the week and were offered to upgrade to the suites.  Of course we took them up on the offer.  Our suite was on the 58th floor with a panoramic view of the strip.  Top quality.  Beautiful marble everywhere and the bathroom was just awesome.  Service was wonderful! We had breakfast at the buffet, just so many food selections!  You've gotta try the Wynn!!
4	Spent the last 3 nights here. Great place, enjoy staying here, would give it a 9 out of 10 for overall experience, service, etc. Only disappointment was the quality of service at the European pool. Terrible service, lots of complaints from others around us, understaffed, etc., not what you'd expect from the Wynn.
5	We've stayed a few times at Wynn and had nothing but good experiences. The rooms are super comfortable, with wonderful Strip views, and overall the property is managable in scale so you don't feel like you are walking miles just to get to your room.  I like this end of the Strip also -- right across from NM and the mall, and not too far from Caesar's Forum.The pool area is perfectly relaxing -- love the misters and the meandering pool. For Vegas, the crowd that stays here is fairly sophisticated. A LOT of Chinese at Christmas time.Enjoyed cocktails in  the up and down parasol bars, however we only tried the deli and coffee shop (?) restaurant. The deli is actually quite good, perfect for grabbing lunch after checkout. The coffee shop restaurant (the one above the pool area) however, has atrocious service -- loooong waits, wrong dishes, etc.. While I'm sure the Big Gun restos at Wynn are wonderful, it's not too long a walk over to Palazzo and The Venetian where we always do a Batali place such as B+B.As for shops: Chanel, Graff, Brioni, Hermes...great eye candy. Complaints: the check-in is always painfully slow -- each guest seems to take 15 mins. (they NEED more check-in agents or a streamlined process), the route to the pool is rediculous, and the timed mini bar contraption is beyond redic.
1	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Wynn the weekend of March 30th, 2012 and left HORRIFIED after what happened on our last day there. The last morning of our trip, we ordered breakfast up to our room, which included a hot bowl of oatmeal. One of the girls put a spoonful of oatmeal into her mouth and spit it right out only to find a SHARP PIECE OF METAL in her oatmeal... Not aluminum foil but HARD, SHARP METAL the size of a nickel. We immediately took pictures and completed a claim with the hotel and spoke to the very rude hotel manager, Christopher Fox. He assured us that this was a very serious issue and that we would be compensated for everything. Well, the claims representative contacted us a few days later and told us that they would not assume any responsibility for the metal because it wasn't part of any of their equipment but rather came inside the oatmeal they order from the manufacturer. They ORDER the oatmeal from the company where they proceed to COOK it, PREPARE it, and SERVE it to customers. Are you trying to tell me that it isn't any of the Wynn's responsibility????? We will be pursuing legal action against this hotel. One of the girls who was there to witness the metal is a reporter in Los Angeles and will be covering this problem for everyone to see and witness.
5	This review is based on the Casino and other ammenities as I have not yet stayed at the Wynn.First off the sportsbook, not too big but WOW just plain beautiful with comfortable chairs and large monitors at each booth that you can control to watch whatever sport you want..There are chairs grouped together as well for viewing games (this trip lots of baseball fans). To the rear is a large bar that opens up into the sportsbook.As a horseracing fan I have to say the Wynn offers the best future odds for big races as well as daily sheet with some great handicapping info on the reverse side. When placing bets dont forget to ask for drink tickets..The casino in itself is just amazing with a new flower covered trellis every few months, the place is clean, does not stink like cigarette. There is every video and table game you could want. Tables were not ridiculously high limits either.And a trip to the Wynn would not be complete without a stop at La Cave wine bar..Cant wait for my first stay at the Wynn, one of the Las Vegas resorts where I truly believe you would never want to leave they offer top and I mean top quality amenities in such a classy environment that I would not want to leave.
5	MILFs? Check. Old dudes with a lot of money married to these MILFs? Check. Old dudes with a lot of money married to these MILFs that give me inspiration to who I want to be when I become old? Check... WYNNING!
3	I only come to this hotel for conferences.  Not to gamble or drink.  Its unpredictable.  I do like the fact that they always round up the dollar though.
5	Still a true 5 star resort!  Great amenities and luxury.
4	I loved the Wynn.  Beautiful rooms, nicely furnished.   I didn't think the linens on the bed were up to par with the supposed luxury of the hotel and I didn't like how the bed was made.  There was a weird fold each night that I had to remake so my foot wouldn't get caught in some weird pocket at the end of the bed.  There were some great dining options and I like the clubs here.  However, late night the music can be heard pounding up to the rooms here even on the higher floors.  If you are looking for dead silence when you sleep this isn't the place for you.  Pool is beautiful and huge.
4	I'd say I was charmed by the Wynn's elegance, but I'm a dude and dudes don't get charmed.  Like I said, a very elegant and classy atmosphere, the kind that makes you want to Suit Up.  Bonus points because my friend won $2,000 from one of the slots!
5	Gorgeous. Breathtaking. Luxurious. Beautiful.The Wynn is one of the best decorated hotels in Vegas. The interior design is immaculate and when you're there you just can't help but fall in love with your surroundings. Throughout the entire casino from the ceiling to the floor, it can only be described as flawless.Not only is it beautiful, but it's a hop, skip, and a jump away from Encore, The Palazzo & The Venetian, T.I., & Fashion Show Mall. Tryst, Wynn's popular nightclub is kind of small, but there is an amazing waterfall you can see when you're in the club. The Wynn is probably one of the more expensive hotels to stay at in Vegas, but if you aren't on a tight budget, you might as well bask in the life of luxury.
5	Wynn beats all other hotels in Vegas big time. We have been to the Mandarin, Palazzo, Trump and Encore in the last two years, but the overall experience at the Wynn is simply the best.
5	OK..... One good thing about Vegas is you can stay at topnotch hotels for less!  Its bargain town when it comes to 5 star accommodations.  I've stayed at quite a few posh hotels, but the Wynn set the standard.So, like a smart budgetnista I signed up for Wynn deals via email.  And BAM the deal of a lifetime came.  Well not so much of a lifetime, but you get my point.  I digress, so going to the Wynn you can't wait to check in.  Its a Status thing.  Here I am decked out at the check-in desk.  Normally I show up in a sundress and sandals.  Long story short we get our room key.The Wynn has the most lively colors and fresh flower displays anywhere bar-none. The Elevator bouncer greeted us, checked our room key and said "Have a pleasant stay Ms. Sanders".  I was feeling special.. Note: I never had to show my room key again, he remembered me AND my name.  Now that's service.Even the elevator was smooth.  Have you ever been on a janky elevator where you knew any moment the elevator was gonna plummet to the ground?  Well not here lol.The Room was amazing.  59th floor, picture window, the most amazing bed.  Even better then the beds at the W.  For an hour I was in the bathroom trying to get ready.  Why you ask?  Because that damn TV had me distracted.  I couldn't leave... captivating programming in the tub!Room service was.... expensive ($90 for breakfast), but when you are on vacation....vacation.  I got Watermelon Juice (my apologies to the black race).The grounds, pool and restaurants were and are amazing.  There is no outrageous noise (which doesn't make gambling too fun).  But The Wynn showed me how I need to be treated.  Now if the Wynn could show me how to afford it!!!!!!
5	I was recently here to see Le Reve with some out-of-town friends. As they were staying at another hotel down the strip, after walking into another property, you realize how the Wynn really does have to offer.An outstanding show, amazing nightclubs, award-winning restaurants, and you can't forget, simply a wonderful hotel to stroll into. Service is usually superb compared to the competition, immaculately clean, and just in a class really by itself. I'm sure like all places, there are a handful of bad reviews. But if you read a majority of them, and walk into this place, you'll know why Wynn do deserve the enormous praise they do receive, also. If you can afford it, whether you're visiting or a local, stay here, eat here, just stroll around. It's worth it.
4	OK, I recently revised the rating and it's down to 4 stars.  While I will keep the original review, following is the reason why I reduced a star.While there are so many buffet in Vegas, and I'm a Vegas goer for the past twenty years eating pretty much all the buffet on the Strip, stayed most hotels there, there have been much of an improvement on a food department except, most of the buffet is now "upgraded" with those cold shrimps and crabs that many will go for.. But for me, they are mostly flavorless... Yes I can taste them, but there are so much better way to make those jumbo shrimp and crabs to much better way but they were boiled in such a bad way that many flavored is drained in the boiled water and sadly, what a waste...   Wynn is not an exception of serving these food and charge more money for it.. I am still a fan of this buffet as well as Caesars Palace and Bellagio for their wide selection but I think they can do better if they charge more now!   The price keeps going up but the quality seems stationary...  Inflation hasn't gone up that much and neither the demand, thus they can do better job creating the customers (including repeating customers) happy!Anyway, here is the original review:Excellent rooms, excellent pool area, excellent buffet!This huge hotel has so much to offer.  While some are rating for rooms or bars, I'd like to focus on the buffet which many people are wondering....  Yes, it's pretty good.  I'd say, it is comparable to Bellagio.  Wynn has seafood, italian, asian, salad bar and cheese and salami bar, desert section...  so many to choose from.  It's about $25 for lunch and $34 for dinner.  We arrived around 2:45 and dinner started about 3:30 so we got to enjoy a little bit of dinner menu with lunch price.Lunch was pretty good. Very juicy and flavorful roast beef, creamy tortellini, tasty anchovys, mashed potatoes are homemade and buttery (yeah, lots of calories too..), good selection of salad bar, and they served tom yum soup, which didn't seem like attracting many people, but I thought it was pretty authentic and delish!   Sushi section needs a lot of improvement.. they had some california rolls and eel roll but not very good.When dinner started at 3:30p, they started bringing in some shrimp and crab legs... I thought shrimp was very big and pretty good for buffet (Bellagio had the same shrimp in size and taste) and crab legs were big too. I thought they were a bit too salty though, they want you to drink a lot of water to make you full...Many buffet does that trick... to make you full quickly with liquid..   But it had more flavor than just salt so it was a ++.  Wynn buffet is a lot less crowded than Bellagio and many other buffet... In fact, we didn't have to wait for a line so that's a huge +++ for us.  The crowed seem more sophisticated and older, which was nice.  I've seen many rude people at different hotels, so I really like that atomosphere.   If I have only one choice of buffet to go in Vegas, this is my new favorite choice from now :)    If you are a sushi lover, there are other places (like makino or sushi on tropicana) you can go!Oh and did I mention they have good grapefruit and orange juice?   It was a nice bonus to the great meal
5	This our hotel of choice. I've stayed here more times than I could count, and they do an outstanding job every time. This last stay here we were fortunate enough to get a corner panoramic view suite at the top of the Wynn. It was outstanding! If you get a chance book one of these rooms you won't be disappointed.Some of the main reasons we stay here are,the cleanliness of the resort,the beautiful european pools and the fine dining that Wynn has to offer. We've yet to check out the clubs but that definitely is on the list for next time!
5	gorgeous hotel with swanky rooms, good nightlife options, top notch restaurants, and THE BEST POOL ON THE STRIP! also a great buffet.the wynn also has a distinctive smell as soon as you enter the hotel. if you want to bask in the life of the opulent, stay here. love this place. will be returning.
4	We spent a nice week at the Wynn resort and really liked everything about it. The least we can say is that this hotel is gorgeous and very classy. The room was clean and confortable. However, if you are staying at this hotel, my advice would be to use the safe of course but also to secure your baggage with a lock when you're away from your room. I used a lock to secure my main baggage but didn't use any for my small cabin baggage and when we got back home, I noticed a little too late that a few small items that I had purchased in Las Vegas had disappeared and we were sure we didn't move them from the suitcase. I also noticed that at the beginning of my stay, housekeeper wouldn't take the tip that I left on the table but the last 2 days, the money was gone and it was okay but so was the small sign with the name of the housekeeper and the number of housekeeping that I could contact if needed. I thought it was strange. All in all, it was a nice stay and I'd definitely go back.
5	BEAUTIFUL hotel. I've been to most hotels on the strip and I just can't get enough of this place. The suites are to die for and the room service... Fantastic! I managed to snag a deal for the weekend for a massive suite... Two queen sized beds, kitchen, monstrous t.v., huge jacuzzi tub, beautiful standup shower. I want to live here!!
4	Lovely rooms, fantastic bath amenities, great linens
5	If I could have given a 10 I would have. I have traveled a lot over the years and this place is by far the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in.  We spent extra and got the corner room with a view of the strip and it was awesome.  Floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides with plenty to see, especially at night.Hotel staff was very friendly they seem to like working there.  Housekeeping was far better than normal, they hung up clothes, lined up our toiletries and even left off the heavy bedspread I had stuck in the closet because it was too hot.  The pool is the best I have ever seen.  Long in the middle and big at both ends and the best part was that in the afternoon the pool is partly shaded by the hotel so you can go and not get fryed by the sun.  Love the layout, parking near the elevators, elevators near the buffet, pool entrance near everything-no getting totally lost in this hotel or streaking through the casino in a bathing suit to get to your elevator.  Will go again, totally worth the extra it cost.
5	I have stayed up and down the strip over the years and believe that the Wynn is the best place in Vegas to stay. The Encore costs slightly more but I really don't see the difference. For such a huge place everything seems convenient. The rooms are nice sized and well decorated. Housekeeping is thoughtful and thorough. Service is friendly almost everywhere. Room rates can fluctuate here depending on their occupancy and whether its a slow convention week. Check your favorite travel site before assuming you can't afford to stay here. Last stay I secured $199 and prior to that a weekday rate of $149.
5	Yelp Challenge 365 # 173/365This review is about the beauty, class and convenience of The Wynn. I was not a guest of the hotel but did spend quite a bit of time enjoying the beauty of this property.You walk into a bright lobby which permits you wander into the casino which is surrounded by shops and eateries. There are cocktail waiteresses passing you in the casinos regularly to see if they can offer you a beverage including bottled water which is readily available on their tray (Imagine toting 6-8 bottles of water on your tray! Yikes)They have cleaners around, straightening chairs, emptying ash trays, removing used glasses and cups. They have staffing on the floors asking if they can be of any service whatsoever....Their valet service is by far superior and very organized compared to other casinos along the famous Las Vegas Blvd (aka the Strip)The eateries are AMAZING.... I will review the eateries separate of this review as this review is strictly for The Wynn... Oh, the convenience?  Across the street from the Fashion Show Mall.... Perfect!I look forward to my next visit
4	My GF had a business conference in Vegas at The Wynn. She got a wicked rate for airfare and 6 nights here through Allegiant Air.The hotel is a luxury 5 star indeed. Staff was all super friendly and not pretentious.Filled with high end boutiques like Dior, Chanel, Alexander McQueen, Rolex, Louis Vuitton, Even a Ferrari dealership!Everything is bright and cheery, the attention to detail amazing, all the way to the stained glass butterfly mosaic tiles on the floor.The girl who checked us in was nice & friendly. She gave us a room on the 39th floor since we were staying a week. We had to give a 200$ deposit on the credit card. This later was a 900$ deposit - we never quite understood why. Something to do with the Internet which made no sense.Our room was a deluxe resort double. Floor to ceiling windows overlooked the spectacular golf course and pools.The bathroom was huge ! 2 sinks 2 mirrors, a large vanity and shelves under each sink left lots of room for our toiletries & products. Huge soaker tub and separate shower with room to sit down in it.The room itself was bigger then my entire apartment ! 2 super comfy beds with lots of pillows and sheets with a very large thread count.Everything is on a control that sits on the bedside table. Buttons to open and close the heavy curtains that blocks out all light, as well as the shears.It also controls the lighting, which has buttons for all off, all on, night lights, etc.The air conditioning was also nice in that you could set it to the exact temperature you desired.There was a large desk, with fax machine, and a few chairs.The mini bar and snack bar was fully stocked, but came with a warning that 60 seconds of anything being removed would be charged to the room.There was no coffee maker or fridge, but you can get one @25$ a day.A resort fee of 25$ a day was also in effect. This coverage WiFi for all devices, local and toll free calls.The bellman delivered our bags very quickly and even got us ice,Housekeeping was immaculate, and would service the room whenever they were called.Lots of towels, nice robes, and the toiletries provided were generous, however I didn't like the lemon grass scent.We never ordered room service. The menu was vast, and looked really good, with lots of variety and options, but the prices were so high, unless you had an expense account be prepared to pay through the nose.The rack rate listed for our room was $1500 a night. That's pretty crazy,The casino was OK, played a bit of slots, won a few bucks. Was never offered a drink. The Encore casino was better by far.They have a 24 hour cafe and drugstore. Both were pricey.The pool was huge, and had lots of chairs, downside was it was only open until 6 week nights. Open until 7 on weekends. I was really hoping it would of been open until 11pm, but no such luck. The surrounding cabanas looked nice but pricey.Be prepared to show your room key in order to get access to the elevator or the pool area. They are quite strict about this.We slept so good, between the comfy beds, and the blackout drapes, we never woke up until 7 pm the day after we arrived!The lock on the door however was defective, we were locked once when we tried to leave. They had to send up security to let us out. Thankfully, they were prompt. We were told that they had called a locksmith, and that the security guard would stand by until they arrived.We left, but the lock was still glitchy. We had to slam it more then once in order for it to lock.I had a small package sent to the hotel. It went to the business center. It was a $8 handling charge. While I waited, they let me use the Internet on a private computer, and gave me a bottle of water. They were super nice.Another complaint was on our last night there, at 5am we were unable to sleep due to the people next door. They were super loud. We waited Until 530 am. Between the music and the loud voices, we had no choice other then to call the front desk. We were told they would send up security.Over 20 Min's past, I called again, they said security was en route. The noise level subsided a bit for maybe 5 Min's, then it was right back. We were getting pissed at this point.It was after 6am!We had to get up at 10am to pack, check out, and fly home. I called ( this now was the third time! ) They asked if we wanted to change rooms! As if we would pack and change rooms at this hour, only to check out? If anything, the other people should be made to change rooms - or check out.They asked if we wanted security back up? Duh! Yes of course.At this point I was exhausted. I finally fell asleep. Lucky we got a late check out. we asked for a bellman to assist with our bags. 20 Min's later, he still had not arrived. We had a shuttle booked for 1-115pm so we called to cancel the bellman as at this point, it was almost 1 pm. We were able to check out via the phone with a receipt emailed to my GF.
2	More and more I realize 2 things: 1) Life is too short to have bad customer service and 2) Life is too short to suffer fools.  Here is the breakdown of the highs and lows:Checkout (1 star):  As I waited in line for an eternity, I noticed why it was taking people so long to check out.  It was like taking a time machine back to prehistoric times as they were filling out carbon copies of TPS forms and other things for mini-bars and room charge disputes.  Receipts took forever to be printed out and apparently someone was scrawling them on a stone tablet.  Here is the worst part, after waiting my turn in line, I finally got to the counter.  I asked the lady behind the desk if she would take a fedex pack (already prepaid) and just have it dropped off in a fed ex box.  She said this is not her job and I would have to walk across the entire casino to the business center to drop it off.  Mind you I was checking out so I had all my bags.  Seriously?  That is about as bad as it gets.  Apparently she forgot she is in a customer service industry *Sigh*.  Had I the time or the inclination I would have pointed out to her where she failed.  Valet (5 star): On a positive note, I asked the valet if he could do this for me and he happily obliged so I gave him a nice tip.  Pool (2 star):  Getting to the pool is a real hassle which requires multiple elevators and winding halls if you are going from your room to the pool.  Pool area is ok and I like the long stretch in the middle which allows you to get a little workout if you like.Room (4 star):  Room is nice with a comfortable bed.  The TV takes forever to get to the regular channels.  The wifi worked ok but something about this hotel really screwed with my cell service.  Overall:  the lady at the check out pissed me off so bad that I left disappointed.
2	I would so much have loved to have given Wynn a higher rating, but in all honesty I can't. I'm really not a prima donna when it comes to hotels, and Wynn is certainly beautiful, with excellent restaurants, a terrific spa, and lovely guest accomodations. Most of our experience with the facility and staff were very positive. However, as others have suggested here, Wynn struggles with customer service--which is surprising for a high-end Vegas hotel in a competitive environment.Here's what happened, as I recounted to Wynn's guest relations in an email immediately following our return from staying there:"One thing marred an otherwise excellent weekend, and sort ofsoured my Wynn Las Vegas experience overall. While most ofyour staff were friendly and courteous, we encountered asecurity guard at the entrace to the pool outside theTerrace Pointe Cafe who was remarkably rude and unpleasant.We were exploring the property on Saturday mid-afternoon,and took the elevator marked simply "Pool and Spa" (I'dtaken the same elevator up to the Spa earlier that day) tothe pool. The guard in the tent near the entrance asked tosee our room keys, which we showed him. He informed us thatour Red Cards (which are also room keys) were not room keys,and suggested that we were improperly "trying to get inhere" and should leave. We told him that our cards were infact room keys, that we'd been using them to open our roomsince Friday, but he kept saying, in louder tones, that theyere not room keys. Seeing no point in further discussion, we wentback inside."We later learned, at the registration desk, that that poolarea is reserved for the Tower Suites. That's fine, and Ihave no problem with reserved areas, but nothing indicatedhat was the case, and the security guard obviously had noidea what a Resort Room key looked like (nor did he botherto explain, if he knew, what the situation was--had he doneso, in even a professional if not courteous way, we wouldhave understood completely). Instead, we were made to feellike trespassers or party crashers, and that's not apleasant way for a guest to be made to feel in a high-endproperty such as Wynn. Needless to say, I was very surprisedby the event, and it sort of clouded the rest of theafternoon. I was also surprised that the staff person Ispoke to about the incident at the front desk was, whilepolite, not especially distressed by our experience. "Well, someof our security guards can be a little gruff," I was told.Certainly "gruffness" is good when the badguys come around; not so much when directed at guests."What's disturbing to me mostly is that we never received any response to this email. I'm seriously not shopping for comps, but I would have expected some sort of acknowledgment from Wynn management that something inappropriate happened, that a guest's experience was clouded by a staff person's poor behavior, but...nothing. Silence.That customer service failure takes Wynn right off my list. There are many fine places to stay in Vegas that offer a reasonable level of responsiveness and customer service. I would encourage others to find them, as I will.
5	OK so I have stayed at almost every hotel on the strip. If you want to feel like a queen, princess, king or whatever form of royalty you choose, the Wynn is the place! The room I stayed in was nothing short of opulent. Marble floors, automatic window treatments, luxurious furniture, delightful decor, heavenly bedding top notch service. The Wynn...is an experience, so live a little and experience it!!
1	We were disrespected by the staff, and we walked away. We complained to the general manager of the Wynn Hotel, and the only thing he could say is Sorry.If you are in Vegas, and expect a good time at a 5 star resort, AVOID WYNN LAS VEGAS & STEVE WYNN'S RESORTS IN GENERAL.Unless you want to be suckered into something that isn't what it really is, than go here, but if you plan on coming here with a family and expect 5 star service than PLEASE take my recommendation, and take your business elsewhere, where people would appreciate your business.The Food isn't as great as it sounds, and the service is crap. The price is fair, however I would never step foot into a Wynn Resort again. This is coming from a hospitality major, and to be specific, the guy who jacked things up for me and my family was the asian guy, Steve Kuo or something like that, and the manager we dealt with was Chris Fox. Chris Fox was ok, he didn't want to do anything for us, and thats' fine. That's why we are leaving this review. This is a quote from another review, in May 2012: "1) Life is too short to have bad customer service and 2) Life is too short to suffer fools."Thank you.
1	I'd like to start by stating that though I travel quite a bit, and the hospitality industry has set many expectations...I'm not very picky.  I simply expect the kind of accommodations and service associated with appropriate level of cost.  Put simply, if I'm paying $50/night, I expect very little.  If I'm paying $500/night, I would hope that the room, service, and overall experience would prove it is worth far more than the $50 establishment.I stayed at the Wynn Las Vegas for one night   Since the Wynn brags that they are the only 5-star and 5-diamond rated casino hotel in the world, I fully expected the service and accommodations to be second-to-none. At best, I would give the Wynn 3 stars, diamonds, rubies...or whatever shiny little symbol you want to associate with the establishment and their service.  Bottom line - NOT worth the money.  shitty customer service..no follow through..blah blah blah
4	The Wynn is nice.  Expensive but nice.  It is really the most recent unltra luxury casino built on the strip, unless you count the Encore which is really part of the Wynn.  City Center / Aria / Cosmopolitan, etc are nice but is just different than the Venetian, Bellagio and now the Wynn.Definitely expensive, but they do things really well.  It feels classy while also being completely over the top.  Has a little more of the elegance that is somewhat lost at a few of the other big hotels.  The golf course is ridiculous and looks like it is in Georgia or the Carolinas and not in the middle of the desert.  Giant trees, waterfalls, lush green grass.  How they do that, I have no idea.It is a little removed from the other hotels on the strip which I would probably prefer it be closer in and connected but oh well.
5	I stayed over Memorial Day weekend with my husband and baby and it was a delight.  There's not much I could add to the other reviews regarding the beauty and luxury of the Wynn.  So I'll write my review based on staying at the Wynn with a baby.  The Wynn is as baby friendly as it can get in Vegas.  They provide a complimentary crib with J&J baby toiletries.  Since I have a baby I didn't leave the Wynn for very long and mostly spent my days at the pool.  I'd been to Vegas many times before and didn't feel the need to sight see.  The pool was beautiful and my baby loved to go in the water and splash in the pool.  On Memorial day weekend the pool gets very crowded and you would have to stake out a place early to get a chaise. I would've preferred to go on a non holiday weekend.  There were plenty of waitesses to come by to take food and drink orders and it's very easy to charge to your room.  I'll also have to mention I ate only at the Wynn and Encore and it's very convenient to go to the restaurants as they welcomed the baby.  Of course, I didn't try any place too upscale and only ate at the Terrace Point Cafe and the Cafe at the Encore.  The food was decent, although nothing to rave about.  Next time if I can manage a night without the baby I'd love to try one of the upscale restaurants.  There's also some shows at the Wynn/Encore like Le Reve and Garth Brooks for evening entertainment and shopping like Chanel, Hermes, Dior, Cartier - almost anything a girl like me can dream of.  Best of all you can do all of this without leaving the Wynn/Encore resort.  The customer service is spectacular.  I actually didn't have much interaction with the staff since everything was running smoothly except of course for the waiters and waitresses.  What impressed me most was my husband accidentally knocked over the controls that regulated the temperature and lighting.  The screen actually broke and we confessed upon check out that we had broken it.  I was expecting some crazy charge, but the reservationist said there was no charge and she would make a note of it.  The answer was very customer service oriented and short.  Made me feel good to be honest about breaking something.  United Airlines has a lot to learn from the Wynn (see my review on my United flight).The only downside I would have to say was the price as all this convenience doesn't come cheap, but what really does?
4	The Wynn is a fabulous resort. I really enjoyed my stay here and didn't want to leave! It would definitely merit 5 stars, except that it triggered a couple of my pet peeves.Atmosphere. Gorgeous. The lobby and casino are breathtaking and just exude wealth and glamour. So do the guests at the Wynn. I could definitely tell this resort sets itself apart by catering to the creme de la creme of gamblers and vacationers. Most people were dressed to the nines, and while there was a good mix of types, many were really ridiculously good-looking (and obviously high-maintenance). The Esplanade has an impressive collection of high-end labels, from Chanel to Alexander McQueen to Manolo Blahnik. We even caught sight of Manolo himself in the store. Crazy.Pools. The main pool is lovely. It's two circular ends connected by a long canal that's fun to swim through. We didn't have too much trouble finding lounge chairs, though we had to sit in a quiet corner on the first day because they were all taken in the more buzzing areas. The "European bathing" pool looked like fun. Didn't see anyone topless there, sorry guys. The poolside bar had some great swirled pina colada/ daiquiri frozen drinks. Great service everywhere.Restaurants. Everywhere we ate surpassed our expectations. We had heard good things about the buffet, and we were delighted by the quality of the food they set out. Our favorite place for brunch was Tableau. The decor was tea-partyesque and the food was quite good (though I wasn't a huge fan of the duck). I ate at Terrace Pointe Cafe by myself one morning. My waitress was so sweet and I had a great omelette and took a delicious peanut-butter-banana smoothie to the pool with me.Rooms. Our room was lovely and spacious with a gorgeous view of the Strip and the mountains. The lights and curtains change to suit your mood at the touch of a button.  The bathroom had a great shower (amazing water pressure!) and a fancy little vanity area. What brings my rating down half a star is the quality of sleep I had there... meaning almost none. First, the bed was very uncomfortable. It felt old and springy and sagged a bit in the middle. This is one of my biggest pet peeves. An expensive hotel like the Wynn should have amazing comfy beds! And they even advertise as such! And on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights I couldn't sleep until Tryst closed its doors and turned off the incredibly loud music. We were on the 38th floor and it felt like the 2nd floor, the music was so booming. If you plan to get any sleep (and I'm guessing most people don't when they go to Vegas), ask for a room facing the golf course.Spa. The Wynn spa and fitness center are 5-star. I had such a great day working out at the top-notch gym and then lounging in the saunas, whirlpool and waterfall showers. The jacuzzi room is like a dream. The service, as with everywhere at the Wynn, was amazing. My favorite little touch: the cucumber and ice towels for your eyes. So relaxing! The only hitch came with my massage. And here's where I dock that second half-star for my other huge pet peeve: Lame massage. This is hardly Steve Wynn's fault, but I feel I should warn others. I booked a "Blended fusion" massage on the receptionist's advice, since I could have a customized experience with more or less pressure however I wanted. This 50-minute massage is priced at $170, folks. For that, they'd better send me to massage Nirvana. (Luckily I had a gift certificate for $100 off from Amex, but still!). I'm picky, but COME ON! The therapist knew she would get a hefty tip if only because the price was so high. You'd think she could make an effort. She didn't listen to my requests and she used no technique. The only reason I didn't complain was because I wanted to enjoy the spa in peace for the rest of the afternoon and not have it hanging over me. I won't lie, my indignation was quickly soothed by the eucalyptus-infused steam room. Heaven.I would definitely stay at the Wynn again and would not hesitate to recommend it. If you want that pampered feeling, this is the place to go. Our friends really loved the Encore, so maybe we'll try that resort next time.
5	Beautiful hotel, i really enjoyed my stay here. They have great restaurants inside, with good food. The suite i stayed in was beautiful with a great view, and it had a room just for massages in the suite. There customer service is amazing here, and they are very attenative to detail. The mall inside is kinda small but they have great stores. The indoor garden is beautiful! Highly recommend this hotel.
5	Gorgeous hotel with amazing service, restaurants, and ambiance.The hotel room is gorgeous and whenever I book a hotel, I check in the restroom first. The restroom is gorgeous, clean and I could not find a speck of dirt in the room! When I called room service for extra towels, blankets, and toothbrushes/paste, they promptly delivered to our room with a smile even though it was 1 A.M. They even started a conversation which was great. Also, the maids and maintenance employees greet us good morning or night every time they see us. Even when we call in, the employees ask for our last names and greet us by "Ms." or "Mr." The service is what makes this hotel so spectacular. They answered our questions quickly, efficiently, and pleasantly. I love the atmosphere of the lobby, beautiful and gorgeous. I can never get enough pictures there!Although the rooms are expensive, if you book at the right time and at the right website, you can end up getting a great deal.
5	great hotel and even better buffet. Wynn/encore is the place to stay.in Vegas
2	The Wynn is a beautiful hotel but the customer service does not meet my expectations. A hotel of this level can do much better. I emailed my complaints to guest services so below is an excerpt of my complaints.-----------My recent stay at the Wynn left me incredibly underwhelmed. There were several problems during our stay.1. Although check in was at 3pm.  Our rooms were not available until after 5pm.2. I asked for tape upon check in. I called at least 3 times from check in until the following morning before tape was brought to my room. I would have appreciated follow up from the hotel.3. In the morning of 6/2 the tv in 5846 did not work. I called for service and a new remote was brought to our room. It did not work. I called and asked that the tv should be serviced during the day. When I returned to the room after 6pm, the tv still did not work. Someone came to fix the tv after 6 pm but it took an entire day to service something so simple.4. Housekeeping closed the doors connecting our 2  rooms on 6/2 so my friend could not retrieve her items from the adjoining room. It took an hour before someone came to fix the problem.5. I left my sweater in 5848. I find your $15 admin fee  for returned items to be outrageous.6. Coffee makers are not in the rooms. That should be standard.7. The refrigerators are stocked full of your merchandise. A $25 rental fee for a refrigerator is ridiculous. 8. There were several times that no one answered the front desk phone, housekeeping phone or concierge phone.Most of these items were minor inconveniences that luckily did not dampen our Las Vegas experience however I am confident that other hotels can do better.I hope that you make some significant improvements to enhance your guests' experiences.----------------Just to be fair:Some good notes-They waived the admin fee to return an item a left in the room. :)-The room was beautiful.-The bathroom was huge.-The hotel was clean and didn't reek of smoke.So there you have it. There are too many options on the Strip to be so disappointed.
4	Review is for the casino only. The casino looks very nice. Resembles the Bellagio. Lots of swanky stuff. Regardless of bad reviews, it's still a place to check out if you're in Vegas.
2	Maybe this is a good place to party till 6 AM, but it is THE WORST PLACE YOU CAN IMAGINE if having a meeting, convention, or anything else that requires people to be able to be awake and think in the morning. On one side is Encore, which blasts music till 6 AM that had glasses thumping in rooms up past the 30th floor. On the other side is The Mirage, where the volcano exploding every hour may awaken anyone who hasn't taken a sleeping aid. To top it off the staff, while nice, seems not to understand what is going on in the hotel, or where, and misdirected me numerous times with 100 pounds of luggage in tow. My hand and arm are now bruised. I have yet to experience a worse business trip in Las Vegas, and that is saying a lot, as I did stay at the old "rattison" before they tore it down.
4	When Steve Wynn builds a hotel and names it after himself, its pretty safe to assume its going to be awesome!  I think the lobby and hallways of this hotel are probably one of the prettiest- I love the tiled floors, the indoor gardens, the beautiful rugs- everything was decorated top notch.Our room was really nice too- not as big as our room at the Palazzo last year, but still very nice- and the bed was heavenly.  I wish there was a couple more casual restaurants there- we ran into the problem that "proper attire" was required at several of the restaurants we wanted to try and we didn't feel like going upstairs to get dressed up for dinner.  Also, the dealers weren't that friendly.  I like to have a repoir w/ my dealers when I lose that much cash, and they all just seemed a bit stiff.
1	This is a beautiful hotel with great food selection and shops.  The rooms are also nice.  I am giving this a one star because of what happened to me at 2 am on the way to my room.  On my way up to my room, 3 drunk guys get in from a lower floor and were so aggressive that I ended up shoving one of the guys to get out to my floor.  This was traumatic for me and a big advice I would have for all the ladies is to be really careful about being alone in the elevator, especially when it's late into the night.  When i shared this traumatic experience with one of the clerks at check out, his only offer was "I'm sorry" and mentioned that I should have reported it to security.  He did not offer anything else but for me to get in another line to speak to the manager.  I was unable to speak to the manager due to the long lines there and him stepping away from the front desk.  I was really surprised by the lack of empathy I received from the clerk and the lack of empowerment he had in trying to turn my experience around.   I was disappointed in my experience (although the rest of it was great) because of how it all ended when I shared something really traumatic.  My key takeaway:  As a woman, be careful about being alone in the Wynn elevators.
1	We had a mini-family reunion (14 people) in Vegas and chose the Wynn. While the hotel looks nice, the rooms are lovely and large. The Wynn is not worth the price. - No coffee makers in room - - I like my morning coffee. - Unfortunately I forgot my swimsuit - it cost me $140 to buy the cheapest they had- Drinks are outrageously expensive ($15.99 for a shot of bourbon!)- They have a DAILY $25 'Resort Fee' for you to use the Health Club, room telephone, in-room fax machine... When I said that I had no plans to use any of those, I was told it was mandatory. And then there's a $3.00 tax on top of that. - Even your iPhone or iPad or whatever costs $13.99 a DAY - which they SO generously deduct from your $25 resort Fee. Seriously??!!! In this day and age they charge $13.99??? - Employees are not overly friendly - except for the housekeeping staff - when you ran into them in the hallways they were very friendly. Not so elsewhere in the hotel. It's like you're doing them a favor by staying there. - We wanted to have a family celebration dinner in the Stratta... Initially, there was no way that they would move our tables together... and we'd have to all have the same food... Seriously?? You can't accommodate 14 people??? In their defense a manager by the name of Christian did make it all work so we had a lovely evening... but it was work to get to that point. - The hotel nightclubs are on the upper floors - if you're anywhere near them BEWARE!  A couple of our cousins called down in the middle of the night to complain about the loud music - - the hotel sent security up to their rooms and provided complimentary earplugs - like the kind you buy at Home Depot. Really??- I discussed all of this with a couple of different 'managers' - it was basically blah, blah, blah - (too bad, we're not going to do anything about it), blah, blah, blahYou have lots of choices when you're in Vegas. Why settle for such BS??? Why settle for a hotel that doesn't care if you're not happy????
5	Love this place it's beautiful! Stayed in a lux suite top notch beautiful BEAUTIFULL ROOM WITH PANORAMIC view of Vegas! Like on the 765432 floor! Hah room had greatttt bottle service lounge in room was amazing and comfy loveddd the bathroom and hallway! Amazing rooming no doubt :) food is amazinggggg! Encore is amazing tooooo 2nd buildinnnnnng.
5	I honestly cannot rave enough about this impeccable establishment. The Wynn & Encore are the epitome of true luxury and class when it comes to gaming properties in Las Vegas. I have stayed here 3 separate times-- twice in the standard resort tower room, and once in the exclusive Tower Suites. If I could, I would stay here every single day of my life....okay, maybe not every day, but you get the point. The Wynn does absolutely EVERYTHING right. I also enjoy the Encore (you can see that review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/encore-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:CsuvbYFaiobwF0_gWgvd-g ). The rooms are exceedingly spacious and even more comfortable. I truly get the feeling of "home" when I set foot in these rooms. Plush beds, large bathroom, a great view no matter where you are-- it's tough to beat this hotel room. And, there is something that is often taken for granted: peace and quiet. The clientele at the Wynn seems to typically be higher class and respectful, compared to a lot of the hotels on the southern end of the Strip. I never hear any screaming, bratty children (AKA my biggest pet peeve in Vegas when parents bring their babies and/or toddlers...so unnerving and disgustingly irritating. Okay, now I'm starting to sound a bit pretentious. I'll back off). The walls are extremely soundproof so that your neighbor and their...ahem, activities, are usually masked over. Getting past the room, every little ornate detail inside the main part of the hotel is so wonderfully executed. Beautiful plants and flowers throughout, a perfect mixture of lighting, and perhaps my favorite: some of the most genuinely happy employees and service men and women I have ever had the pleasure of encountering. They will go out of their way make sure that everything is going well for their guests. Speaking of service, the Wynn knocks it out of the park. That's all I have to say. They set the bar for service within gaming properties on the Strip. Moving on... I am a HUGE fan of this casino. There are fantastic dealers and pit bosses along with a wide array of machines to suit any gambler's fancy. TIP: Table minimums seem to be routinely lower over at Encore, but you can usually spot a table to fit your needs. Also... please notice their ventilation. I know this sounds silly...but next time you go, just notice how smoke-free and fresh their casino is; I haven't once left with my clothes reeking of an 80-year old chain smoker like I do when I leave other casinos. No other gaming property in Las Vegas has perfected this...just the Wynn & Encore. The restaurants here are also not to be missed, particularly SW Steakhouse & Stratta (but especially SW. Read that review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/sw-steakhouse-las-vegas#hrid:__5du_tEBLosXsf72dzaUw ).Oh, and their show...Le Reve. I have seen probably 70% of the shows on the Strip in Vegas, and Le Reve is still my favorite. I'm gonna even venture to use the word earth-shattering...it's THAT good. I haven't written a review for it yet, but it's just so amazing. Don't miss out on this. Finally, their spa. Yes, it is nice. But it is very basic. TIP, TIP, TIP!! Head over to the Encore for their spa. It is the best all-around spa in Vegas (I also have a review for that, too). Ultimately, the Wynn is worth the pretty penny that you may pay to stay here. However, for those that gamble a decent amount with their player's card, they do occasionally mail out deals for $129ish or so a night, weekdays, complete with $200 resort credit. Regardless of this, splurge a bit if you get the chance. You won't regret it. You'll truly feel like you're WYNNING.
4	Love love love...freakin' adore this place.
5	The Wynn Hotel and Casino is one of the top hotels in Las Vegas for two reasons. The employees do the little extra things that make you feel special and the place breathes class instead of oozing kitsch. If you're going to spend $30 extra to stay at a hotel in Vegas, the Wynn must be one of the first you check.   - The rooms will run you 2 bills and up which is just fine because the amenities and 600+ square feet are worth it when you are wanting a "better" vacation.  - Le Reve is a 4-star cirque-style in the water. We sat in the third row, but the circular theater looked like every seat had a great view. - I'm not a golfer, but the course looks beautiful. If you can't have a room with a view of the strip, getting one of this course is nice. - Lakeside is a nice restaurant to enjoy the Lake of Dreams - The Buffet is especially nice for dinner on weekends or holidays. - Save money on taxis because the 3 nightclubs (XS, Tryst, and Surrender) at the Wynn & Encore are bumpin! - the Esplanades at Wynn has high-end shopping too rich for my wallet, but still a guy can dream, right? - The Wynn pool is heated and a true Vegas party pool - The Casino is classy. They still will take your money, but in $25-$100 chunks instead of $10-$20 bites. - Housekeeping is wonderful. Need something? Ask. Seriously. Be prepared to tip. - Even the valet was great as he recommended we just walk instead of ride to the Venetian and then gave us bottle waters for the 5-minute stroll. - The worst part of the Wynn is the ever present voice of Steve Wynn telling you how awesome he thinks the hotel is. At some point, he needs to let the property, service, style, and experience speak for itself, but until then we are stuck trying to find a way to change the channel or hit mute.Even if you don't rake in dough at craps or baccarate, you'll feel like a winner at the Wynn Las Vegas.
1	Still recovering from sleepless night; 25th floor and the nightclubs rock and throb all the way up all night till 4:30 am. Front desk and management not at all surprised with my complaint. They state many of the rooms hear the clubs all night. Did not know this hotel was designed only for kids. Expected a whole lot more sophistication. Disappointed big time with The Wynn Las Vegas.
5	Went here for my wedding anniversary. This hotel is awesome. Its clean, it has a great view,and the clubs are the best. I have nothing but good things to say and I would definitely go back.
5	I can't wait to get back to the Wynn.  The Wynn is truly one of the top hotels on the strip.  They employees do the little extra things that make you feel like you are the most important guest in the building.  Check-in was fast and easy.The room was the best that I have had in Vegas!!  The decor was modern and the room was very clean.We ate at the buffet for dinner and the food was the best we had on the trip - recommend that you eat there at least once on your stay.The casino has something for everyone.  The minimum bets on the tables are reasonable to extravagant depending on your style of play.  The dealers make you feel comfortable regardless of your expertise.Relax and have fun at the Wynn!!
4	Stayed here 3 nights with a bunch of friends to celebrate some birthdays.  Rooms were very nice and beds were very comfy.  We upgraded to a panoramic view room an stayed on the 65th floor.  Not worth the extra $$$.  The view of the strip wasn't really that great. If wanna stay where their is a good view, I would recommend the Bellagio or someone more towards the middle of the strip.  The pool area is like any other pool but they have areas for kids only and one for adults.  Heard the pool party is pretty killer but we didn't get a chance to go. As far as food,  the two deli shops suck!!  Way overpriced.  Roast beef sandwich + soda at one was $20. My wife had a $8 Tomatoe basil soup at the other. If you want fast food, I would recommend the food court across the street at the mall. We did also eat at the Chinese restaurant Red 8.  That was great! We had Pork Belly, Jelly Fish, some noodles and a veggie dish.  Overpriced of course cuz they can..Its Vegas.   But at least it was good..Overall the Wynn is a very nice place.  Staff is always friendly.  Still doesn't beat Mandalay Bay only because they have a badass pool! Loved my stay though and would come back.=)
5	This is clearly one of the nicest casinos on the strip. If your on the craps tables there the nicest, cleanest tables you'll find on the strip. As an added bonus they have my favorite beer Blue Moon at the tables ice cold. Most casinos only give you watered down mix drinks and crappy beer like Bud or Coors Light, thankfully not here tho.Cant wait to go back to the Wynn a real gem in Las Vegas.
3	One of the nicest properties in Las Vegas, and with a price tag in the 100's of millions it had better be. They have done a great job keeping it clean and fresh, most casinos start off very nice and within a year or so they look like quite run down. What a great casino to walk around in. This place boasts a great attention to detail. The rooms are beautifully appointed and the pool is a lot of fun.  Stop in and get out of the sun for a little while. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Spent two nights with my daughter. Check in was not top notch. The lady told me I was supposed to be there the night before, so I would be charged for that night. I told her she was mistaken, that my reservations were changed prior to my arrival. She gave me a bitchy look and told me she would have to call someone. She got the approval she needed, but made me sign for the night I wasn't there, then she had to deduct it. I expressed my concern to sign for something. I questioned, what if I ended up getting charged for what I just signed. She gave me that bitchy look again, and got her manager to come explain it to me, and showed me where that date was zeroed out. She could have shown that to me herself, but she chose to be a female dog.We got to our room on the 26th floor. Great view of the strip and Treasure Island boats, but there was just a King bed. I made reservations for two queens. So I called the front desk, and explained that we wanted two beds. They easily changed us to a room on the 25th floor by changing our keys electronically, so we went down a level to our new room with two beds, but unfortunately, just a view of the golf course, still a nice view.The room was nice. House keeping staff was very nice. The elevators were fast. The lobby area and common areas were beautiful. The over the top dollar shopping area was ridiculous. The pools were boring looking. Obviously not designed for children at all, so we didn't even go there. There is a rager party / nightclub pool area.High price for Vegas, but that was expected.
4	I love this place.  Good Casino.  You won't get lost in it.  Amazing pool and amazing clubs.
1	This is a review on Wynn hotel's valet parking service. They have the WORST valet parking service ever! When you go get your car. they will ask you if you are a hotel guest or not. If you are not a hotel guest they will give you a yellow ticket. Yellow stands for, wait 30 + minutes to get your car. The hotel guests will get a green ticket and even if you waited 30 + minutes, a hotel guest at Wynn who showed up later than you, will get their car first!!! Well I was starving and wanted to go get breakfast BC we couldn't eat at Wynn's buffet since they have a dress code. These valet workers made us wait 45 minutes to get our car. We had to go complain to them or else we would have to wait even longer.
5	It is one of those places you just feel plain silly reviewing. Everything was perfect. When you pay for perfection - you get it! Best pool experience I've ever had (the asian chicken salad is great too)! Parasol bar is the perfect place to meet with folks, and the deli is fine for an affordable meal.
5	Great and so clean.  Really, room was amazing and......damn, so clean.  No traces of $1.95 foot-long dogs smeared on the video poker machines.  Service was first class.  But caution - Allegro restaurant was a downside.  Ugh.  And you pay a $25 resort fee which is cool, but then they try to jam you for another $15/day for the fitness center.  Please...  La Cave, however is a terrific respite from the frantic casino area.  Note:  the housekeeping staff should be tipped generously as they do a great job.
5	Stayed here last week on the 53rd floor with a strip view.  I've always wondered if I should stay at another hotel when I come to town, but every single time this place impresses me with its service, cleanliness and overall appeal.........really there is no substitute when on the strip.  I've walked into almost every casino on the strip now and the Wynn just has that "feel" of being something special.   Steve Wynn and crew have done well in training their staff on how to make guests feel special.They also offer better drink service here while gambling that other places and the waitresses are right out of Vogue magazine!    Give it a shot.......I can assure you you will not be disappointed.There is a 25 dollar resot fee which will include your wi-fi, pool and gym access.  The gym by the way is excellent for being a hotel gym.
5	Everything was perfect. We got upgraded on check in since it was my birthday and stayed on the top floor. The room was beautiful. LOVED everything about this hotel. Won't stay anywhere else now!
4	I've stayed here for personal and also business travel. The longest stay I have had here was five days. Although being in Vegas longer than three days is hard enough, the hotel made my stay on all occasions very pleasant. The rooms were always kept clean by the house keeping attendant and fresh towels were brought up about 30 min after I called for them... which was inconvenient but not the worst I have experienced. The restaurants in the hotel are ok... I would suggest going to another hotel if you were going to eat and were not looking to spend more than $50 a person.
5	Impressive.  My friend stayed here, but I took a nap in the room if that counts.  No cons from me except that it is very pricey.Rooms were big, floor to ceiling walls, very big hd tv, mood lighting, desk, classy furniture, most comfy bed ever in vegas, and comfy pillows, i took a very nice power nap, curtains were electric, and i liked the fact that one remote controls everything in the room (lights, tv, temp, curtains, etc) bathroom was very luxurious, seperate toilet room, jet tub, big shower, tv in bathroom.  very nice!
3	My husband received an e-mail for a deal that included two nights stay, buffet tickets & Le Reve show tickets. The Hotel: Beautifully decorated, there is something eye catching every place you look. Check-in was a breeze and the attendant was very informative and personable. The room was clean (carpet looked like it needed a good shampoo but I guess with the volume of business the rooms see they can't really control that.) The bathroom was clean, it had a large soaker tub which my husband used. We had a view of the strip which was nice because we saw the fireworks from the Treasure Island show. The air conditioning did not work all that well, we set it to 65 degrees (as cold as it would go) but I am pretty sure it didn't get below 75 in that room. *Maintenance even come up to check it because it was hot. They changed the filter and said they flushed the system so it "should" cool down but it didn't seem to work.*The Buffet: Skip it, had we paid full price for this experience I would have been really upset! The food was blah!The Show: Le Reve is one of my more favorite Cirque du Soleil shows. The stage is in the center of the theater so there is not a bad seat in the place. The story is easy to follow, the music is great and visually it is a lovely sight. I L-O-V-E the red shoe synchronized swimmer girls. *I would see this show again!*  All in all we had a relaxing weekend, the normal rates for the hotel, show and buffet are more than I would want to pay and unless you get a great package deal I would recommend looking elsewhere.
5	**coming out of my YELP drought/retirement**  Wynner Wynner Chicken Dynner!  I swear on my Yelp soul, the Wynn will leave you a long lasting impression.  By golly, I did not want to leave.  You truly get this "pampered" feeling during your entire stay.  Let's just say, you leave a Wynner. ;-)Every staff member treats you like a VIP, from the check-in to calling the front desk about gym hours.  We stayed at the 57th FL in the Deluxe Resort Room with a Panorama View of the Strip.  Well worth the upgrade.  The View + Spaciousness + Digitally Controlled Lighting and Curtains = Epic.  DO IT! The room and bathroom were plush'd to the nines.  Super duper inviting and splendid.  If that wasn't enough, their robes were by far the best I've ever put on! softness to a whole new level! I seriously slept in them one night.  The bath tub was the deepest with a waterfall like faucet that I've never seen/experienced before.  This trip got even more EPIC when we ran into NBA Players! ahhhh! It was just coincident that this week Team USA were scrimmaging in Vegas.  I had a pic taken with the #1 Draft Pick, Anthony Davis, saw Paul George playing Craps, passed by DeJaun Blair, John Wall, and a super tall fella that resembled Dominque Wilkins! If you know me like the back of your thumb, you knew this was heaven for me being that I eat, breath and dream basketball.Their regular pool was pretty nice and chill.  The self-serve parking was easy to get in and out.  To be honest, there was very little to complain about the experience here.  When they greet you by your first name every time you call, its pure awesomeness.  With that kind of personal touch, I would not hesitate to make a return.  #wynning
5	Before I booked the Wynn, I did a lot of intense research, and thought it was weird everyone on Yelp kept talking about Steve Wynn like they knew the friggin man.  But after a night at the Wynn, you can't help but to think "Damn.  Steve Wynn.  What a guy.  Such excellent taste."  Every detail in the room added to our experience, and god it made me want to throw out all my apartment furniture and go to the Wynn store to buy everything.  But a weekend without the shopping in Vegas already breaks the bank.Loved that there was so much we could do at the Wynn like see La Reve and go to XS, we didn't even have to leave.  The Wynn is a little more expensive than some hotels.  My boyfriend's Amex Platinum reservation services got us a discount, with guaranteed upgrade if there are unbooked rooms, $100 resort credit, and guaranteed late checkout.  If you got one of these cards, use them.
2	Unfortunate stay, paltry customer service for the elite hotel this is supposed to be. I've stayed at the Wynn in the past and have had a good experience and this time around, it left me heartbroken and disappointed.I booked a room well-in-advance, at least 1.5 months before, to stay based on a promotional offer I received in the mail.  I was able to get one complimentary night, and for ANY discount, I am grateful.  However, the service just didn't sit right with me from the beginning. When checking in around 4PM, I was told they no longer had any double-bed rooms available, although I had clearly booked reservations for double-bed room.  If I wanted a king bed, I would've asked for that in the beginning. Hiromi at the front desk apologized, but was not able to accommodate us any further.  What do I get for the inconvenience?  Anything?  No, but we will see if any room opens up tomorrow and call you tomorrow.The next day, we receive no call.  So we're stuck with the king and a rollaway.  Had I been a petty person, I would've thrown an outrageous fit.  However, because I'm a good calm citizen, I accepted it as is, and just went along with it.  Though inside, I was frustrated.It led me to think, did we get shorted the room we wanted, because we were on a promotional deal?  It also made me wonder if we were getting the short end of the stick because we're younger, not the elite-looking type of older people who come through those casino doors.I also requested a late check-out on our last stay, because we had spent most of the night up enjoying Vegas, and would require a little extra time (simply an hour!) to get packed and organized before heading out.  When I called the front desk at 4AM, Thierry told me I would have to check back at 8AM and they would let me know if a late check out would be available.  So I asked, what is the difference between knowing now and 8am?  I was not given an answer.  Instead, when I finally mentioned how much of an inconvenience our stay had been from the start, she reluctantly gave in and said, OK we will give you an additional hour for late check-out.  I had to battle tooth+nail simply for an extended check-out.  I've stayed at many-a-hotel in Vegas before, and I've never had to ask more than once for a late-check out.Other hotels I've stayed at have kindly offered upgrades for just-for-the-heck-of-it convenience, and here it seemed like we were just expected to stomach the inconvenience. The only great service I received was from their concierge who offered plenty of answers and suggestions without complaints and a pleasant attitude.  The front desk should be trained in a similar manner.I don't expect to be treated like a king, but for the price you pay for a 5-star hotel, I would hope that a guest wouldn't get undermined into being treated like a pauper.
5	It's a Wynn Wynn situation. Russell Westbrook gambling in the casino? Check. deadmau5 DJing at XS, the Wynn's swankiest nightclub? Check.Gardens to disguise the casinos? Check. AMAZING room service menu, which I might be biased toward because it included amazing corned beef hash which is my favorite? Check. Full window curtain control via remote for those mood-changing moments? Check.Comfy humongous bed that not only looks swank but also makes you never want to get out of bed? Check. Humongous tub and stand-up see-through shower in case you want to look at each other while bathing and showering at the same time? Check. Squeaky clean, so clean that you can eat off of the floors? Check. (not that I did that... ahem)Full length mirrors so that you can look your absolute best for the absolute swankiest parties? Check. Pool parties? Multiple pools? hot tub? Excellent Sangria at the pools? Check. Like I said. It's a Wynn, for sure.
4	It's my second stay at the Wynn Las Vegas, and it was fabulous as usual.Booked a room with king bed, we arrived at around 9am on Thursday, and the check in line was already quite long.  We had to line up for a good 15min before we reach the counter.   Since we're there so early, we didn't expect the rooms to be ready but to our surprise, they actually have rooms ready for us already so that was great.  We even get to choose the strip view or golf course view.  They also offered us to upgrade to the tower suites for an extra $150 per night but we declined, not like we're going to spend much time at the room.The rooms are clean, roomy and beautiful.  The bed is super comfy.  The charge $25 a day resort fee on top of room charge which includes wireless internet in your room.  The internet however gets disconnected right away as soon as you step outside of your room.  No wifi in the common area of the property, which is minus for me since I'm on roaming on my cell phone so every bit of wifi counts.  On top of the normal amenities they also provide plush slippers, bathrobes and cosmetic cotton pads.I do not gamble but the boys do and they seem to prefer going to the casino at the Palazzo.  I'm not sure why though.The pool at Wynn is packed at all times and an open lounger is hard to come by.  Also, 80% of the loungers are directly under the sun with no shade, which can give you a heat stroke if you chill there for longer than an hour without cooling down a the pool.  I like the adult area the most, it's smaller but with no kids it's just that much more peaceful.  Beware of topless women though, the adult area is clothing optional for women.  Drinks at the pool area is same as the clubs, about $15 per drink.The Wynn buffet is super popular so be prepared to line up for an hour for it if you don't go at ridiculous time like 5pm for dinner.  We didn't even bother going.One of the main reasons why we stayed at the Wynn is the clubs, we hit up Tryst and XS and they are both great.  Hotel guests unfortunately do not get complimentary entry into the club, but you can get advanced tickets from the concierge before 9pm everyday.  The ticket gives you line by-pass into the club before 11pm.  Our group has more guys than girls and we all know that's a problem in vegas, but with the tickets we just walked right into both clubs, no problem. Tickets for Tryst is $35 for guys and $20 for girls, and for XS it's $50 guys $25 girls.As a guest at Wynn we also have access to the Encore pool, but then when we wanted to go to the Encore Beach Club, we were told that we'd have to get tickets ahead of time as well so we passed.  That was disappointing though given how other comparable hotels provide complimentary entries into the pool party for guests.Other than that, the hotel is great.  I also love the location of it, even though it's not in the middle of the strip.  I like how it's away from all the tackiness of Vegas and I can do without sitting through traffic on the strip. The Fashion Show Mall that's right across from the hotel is also my favorite shopping destination on the strip.  All in all, Wynn is a classy luxury hotel with character.  I love it and would go back for sure next time.
5	I stay at the wynn towersuite and everytime I go I have a great overall experience. They renovated the rooms (new beds and carpet etc) and it's as good as new. The service and exclusivity of the tower suite is the best.
4	A great casino. A great hotel. Great restaurants and bars. What more can be said of Wynn that hasn't been said before?Only downside...no strollers. I guess rich people have babies that can walk...or can pay a nanny to hold the baby all day.
5	One of my closest friends was married at the Wynn in July 2012. She had one of the amazing Tower Suites reserved for her bridesmaids, and it was a wonderful experience. First of all, the suite was huge (literally, bigger than my apartment) and perfectly styled, with an amazing bathroom. The service was impeccable. Each of the girls called the front desk numerous times throughout the weekend for everything from an iron to ice to a grilled cheese sandwich, and the staff was gracious, prompt, and genuinely nice each time. Another fun factor is the a/c, lights, and curtains were all controlled by a remote. The room was cleaned each time we left.Additionally, the Wynn itself is a gorgeous, classy Las Vegas hotel. They must have some serious filtration happening because you don't really notice the cigarette smoke when you walk around the casino. In addition to the room itself, the wedding staff seemed on-par and the ceremony went off without a hitch. Highly recommended!
5	This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  Everything is so detail decorated in the hotel.  The best Dinning, Nightlife, Pool Party, Rooms.  Its definitely an upscale classic resort.  And of course it's operate by the best Hotel Operator in the world Steve Wynn!!
4	Beautiful place but has always taken all my money
1	DO NOT stay here.  Service is awful.  The staff is beyond rude.  Check-in took almost an hour.  We were promised a rollaway.  Never got it.  When we called at 1 am, the rudest person on the planet told us they would not be providing one.  She then accused me of lying, claiming that no one would have ever promised us a rollaway.   I have stayed in much cheaper hotels with infinitely better service.  Stay away!
3	Tryst was nice on the inside. But ridiculously overcrowded that we couldn't move. The only place we stayed was by the stripper pole. And compared to all the females that danced around it, we worked it. Then come to find out, they never clean that damn pole, funny after everything happened, but gross for an upscale club. Hah. You couldn't walk anywhere without getting cut off. Girls bumpin' into you like it's nothing, and elbowing cause they can't dance. Surprised that we didn't fight anyone. I realize Vega's clubs are crowded, but this was worse than our night at Tao's on a Friday. And that was just about it. We were unsatisfied that we just left. Good thing we were all VIP.
1	My friends and I booked two suites for my friend's bachelor party. We thought we might as well go somewhere nice since it was a special occasion. From the minute we got there every employee was rude and didn't want to help in any way. Even trying to get to my room the elevator guy had to look through my ice chest and almost didn't let me bring it up. Then we finally get to the room and the ice machine was not working and there is a frig in the room but filled with the Wynn's over priced drinks and who wants that. So to the main point of my trip and why I think everyone should boycott this hotel is because of the discrimination they showed one of my friends because of his tattoos. It was the most ignorant things I think I've ever witnessed. He was denied entry to a pool party that we all payed for because of the art work on his skin. He is not a gang member or anything like that and we were hotel guests just going to a pool party at the hotel that we payed for. The security gaurd that was kicking us out had just about as many tattoos as my friend did which was rediculous in its self. I asked him why he wasn't letting us in and he said "We have an image to uphold". He also said because some of the millionaires wouldn't like to see his tattoos. I find it really hard to believe that they would care so much about my friends tattoos that they would leave and not spend any of their money there. And we payed money as well so I guess our money wasn't good enough for them. So after we left by being embarrased in front of hundreds of people we go to get our money back and they took 2 hours to reimbuse us. So instead of us trying to provide a special weekend for our friend it turned into one difficulty after the next. I will never step foot in that hotel or casino ever again and you shouldn't either. They will treat you like second class citizens and will disriminate against you just as they did to us. Go stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!
1	My friends and I booked two suites for my friend's bachelor party. We thought we might as well go somewhere nice since it was a special occasion. From the minute we got there every employee was rude and didn't want to help in any way. Even trying to get to my room the elevator guy had to look through my ice chest and almost didn't let me bring it up. Then we finally get to the room and the ice machine was not working and there is a frig in the room but filled with the Wynn's over priced drinks and who wants that.So to the main point of my trip and why I think everyone should boycott this hotel is because of the discrimination they showed one of my friends because of his tattoos. It was the most ignorant things I think I've ever witnessed. He was denied entry to a pool party that we all payed for because of the art work on his skin. He is not a gang member or anything like that and we were hotel guests just going to a pool party at the hotel that we payed for. The security gaurd that was kicking us out had just about as many tattoos as my friend did which was rediculous in its self. I asked him why he wasn't letting us in and he said "We have an image to uphold". He also said because some of the millionaires wouldn't like to see his tattoos. I find it really hard to believe that they would care so much about my friends tattoos that they would leave and not spend any of their money there. And we payed money as well so I guess our money wasn't good enough for them. So after we left by being embarrased in front of hundreds of people we go to get our money back and they took 2 hours to reimbuse us. So instead of us trying to provide a special weekend for our friend it turned into one difficulty after the next. I will never step foot in that hotel or casino ever again and you shouldn't either. They will treat you like second class citizens and will disriminate against you just as they did to us. Go stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!
1	Staying at the Wynn is not the start to any horror story i have ever heard, but that's how my horror story starts. OK first when we were about to check in at the registry they assumed that we were off our rockers cause we were asking for our two tower suites we had booked months in advance asked us "are you sure" like we were some bums on hallucinogens or something. After they realized that we did have two suites booked, they told us that it would take a couple hours,this is just the beginning. We finally get our keys to our tower suites, then right before we even get to the elevator you have to pass some elevator security (which i have nothing against) but these "elevator security" stopped our group and said that he wanted to check my cooler. I cooperated fine and he says that i have to much beer in it "WHAT"!? i said. So confused as other groups of people have cases and holding Tequila bottles as they walk right by him. He finally said we could proceed after he makes these phony call asking if it was OK to bring a cooler of beer to the room,apperently he wanted a payoff of some sort like he was doing me a big favor. So annoying but we did. We proceed to the hotel which was really nice(ill give the Wynn that). We get ready and go straight to the pool party which we even paid extra for VIP. WE get to the pool and i dint know if they had it out for us or what but again we deal with security!? This time there not letting my friend into the pool cause of his tattoos! Get this, the guy "Jason" had tattoos as well just like my friend and he has the nerve to tell us "paying customers staying at there hotel" that we were not gonna be allowed in! We tried to reason by saying that he would put a shirt on but they were ignoring us ! We had to leave cause of the embarrassment. It took us about two hours to get reimbursed with no sorry or anything after we spend two hours at the front desk speaking with managers, supervisors etc. I felt bad for my friend for being discriminated for tat toss which half of the people at the pool had! We were singled out and probably a good laugh for there staff for ruining our weekend.Thanks a lot Wynn. I will NEVER EVER EVER STAY HERE AGAIN!
4	The Wynn is an amazing resort property.  Combined with  adjoining Encore, Wynn can boast of an incredible variety of rooms, restaurants and entertainment options.  I was lucky to be upgraded to a room on one of the high floors, with a panoramic view.  The housekeeping and room service staff are fast and friendly, the concierge staff take a real interest in helping you, and they even have a Quality Control group that checks on guests' well-being.  The dining options in particular are impressive.I found the gatekeepers at the clubs--XS, Tryst and Surrender--to be an obnoxious bunch, even if you were simply passing by, with no interest in clubbing.  But then, they are dealing with young, desperate and rowdy elements, drawn from a wide cross-section of entertainment seekers.Wynn provides the best balance of upmarket feel, great service and reasonable location when you in LV NV.  I wouldn't go to another hotel, unless I am offered a fancy room elsewhere as a comp for being a high roller.  The odds of that being the case, or of me visiting Vegas at a reasonable frequency, are very low.
5	This is truly a 'resort.'  I was surprised by the hubby for our anniversary and whisked away to paradise for two quick nights.  The Wynn is gorgeous, everything here is top notch from the valet to the toiletries in the room.  We were given a strip facing room that had a spectacular view (24th floor).  The room is so lovely, the leather furniture, so classy and the nice touches like a small tv in the bathroom at the vanity table and the marble counter tops.  The wall decor is also chic and refined.  I just love it all, the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas for sure.  We also liked the pool area, they have a lot of shaded areas which is great during these hot months.  The pool side service was my only gripe, a bit slow.   Now I'm spoiled and only want to stay here for future visits.  Our room package was nice too it included two buffets and two tickets to Le Reve, both are must dos here.
5	My fav hotel + clubs in town= all in one place. period!
5	Wynn & Encore are similar but I LOVE the Encore more!
4	The Wynn more than delivers on the customer service front, the staff is always attentive and courteous. Shopping and restaurants are definitely geared toward high end clientele which, I view as a good thing if your looking to escape Vegas' more raucous side. I stayed in one of the regular rooms facing the front of the hotel which proved to be quite noisy but I've found that is the case at most hotels on the strip. The room is spacious with a very clean modern feel to it. I would definitely stay here again, even though its not my favorite ::cough:: Aria::cough::this hotel easily makes my top 5 here.
5	Beautiful hotel, beautiful rooms, wonderful pool, and great service.
5	Dope room....but a whack weak poor shower.  I won't drop a star just for that.  I have stayed at a number of nice hotels in Vegas and I would say the Wynn is on the list now.  I would stay again.  Staying at the Wynn allowed front line access to XS which was smooth cause we would go early leave, drink up, gamble, eat, and go back to party to 5am.  Zero line waiting on Labor Day weekend.
5	Just stayed here a couple weeks ago......I don't know why i've never stayed here before because this place is AWESOME!  FYI, if you stay you have to upgrade to the TOWER suites.....they are huge and so luxurious with amazing views.  This place is totally dialed in....from the time i checked in to the time i left I was pampered with top notch customer service.  The employees in this hotel have the best attitudes...i really enjoyed every interaction no matter where i was in the hotel/Casino/Restaurants.  I've  been to Las Vegas probably 100 times and this by far was the best trip ever........the Wynn Hotel really is a destination resort.....I did venture out to other hotels for nightclubs/restaurants etc......but i could have just as well stayed at this Hotel the entire time.  I"m not taking any chances in the future and my next visit to the Desert will definitely be at the Wynn!
5	Went for a summer vacation and I think we found our Vegas hotel.  We paid extra for a suite with a view of the strip.  All I kept saying was so this is how the rich live.  My wife said the margarita was the best she's had (couldn't hurt that it was delivered poolside).  Staff seemed to be friendly.  We got escorted by the chef to each station within the buffet so my wife could  be informed of what contained peanuts or nuts.  It is located near the mall.  Being at the end of the strip meant none of the drunken drama that is up and down the strip.
5	Stayed in a room on the 57th floor and waking up and falling asleep was magical. The view was stunning from my window. It over looked Encore Beach Club and the Encore. When you first walk into the room, you already feel like royalty. You can smell the clean sheets, the clean floors, the clean bathrooms from the doorway. And not in the bad bleach kind of way. After playing around with the room for a bit, you'll realize that you can customize it to your preferences! The lights, the drapery, the temperature. You can dim the lights low, use the sheer curtains, and set the temperature to a comfortable temperature and just relax. Being a VIP guest here just sweetened the deal too! With our reservation, we got free tickets/front of the line pass to any clubs at the Encore or Wynn. Don't forget, being VIP means free drink vouchers! Just not valid at the club itself. My only complain is their guest services in the lobby. Not because they're unhelpful or rude, but because they are completely under staffed. Families who come here, go to guest services to ask them to book tickets for shows or tours or suggestions for activities. But because asking all those questions means having the person at the desk call up a place, be put on hold, book tickets, etc etc.. It will take a really long time before you'll even be assisted. I waited in that line for longer than an hour and a half and had only 3 other people in front of me. Overall, everything is kept clean here. Housekeeping responds quickly and are very helpful. After staying here for 3 days, I wanted to stay here forever. I felt at home.
5	I've stayed at many of the better hotels in Vegas. This is the place! No other compares. Unlike other hotels on The Strip, when the doorman takes your bag, you won't have to wait an hour (or hours) after you get to your room and call for it (minutes!). If something doesn't work in the room, Maintenance is there in a jiffy. Everything is top-notch. Go. Enjoy.
5	My gf and I had a romantic weekend here.Yes, the room is very stunning and took a hole out of our pocket.  The hallways itself was already making the walk special.  Once inside, wow.   Bed and pillow were very soft, probably egyptian? 800 tread? Obviously, better than what we had at home.  If you have kids, don't let them play around the mini bar.  Everything is weight sensor on there.  I like the set up, L shape couch with a flat screen that turns to view on the bed or couch. Ladies, my gf loves the bathroom.  Very nice and roomy.  Has a little seat that you can sit on and apply make up with a circular lite mirror. Duel sinks.  Your welcome.We had a deal on the booking.  2 night stay, $50 in gaming, 2 tickets to Le Reve = $500.  Not bad since one night at Wynn is around $299?Hospitality is very wonderful.  They assist you the moment you come into the lobby area.  Checking in is simple and you can hardly call it a line since we only waited about 3 mins.
4	Beautiful Property!!!!! Extremely expensive but if you have the money, plan on spending it here! There's a very high cover at all the nightclubs so there's no riff raff in this place. Scenery is ammmmmmmmmazzzzzzzzzzzzinnnnnnng! The shops were so much fun to go thru and the little bakeries are so cheap to eat at. We even won at the slots! We plan on keeping an eye on the rates for this place & making it our next hotel we stay at.
4	The place has everything you'd expect from an exceptional, five star hotel. It's my favorite hotel in Vegas, and coming here you never even have to leave since it has the best club (XS) and food. So I'm going to tell you about some off beat kind of stuff: -Even from the 32nd floor, you can hear some bumping from the clubs at night, past 3am. I feel sorry for those on the low floors. By the way, 32nd isn't even considered high in this pseudo skyscraper -Exceptional maid service! I don't mean to sound like an elitist, but really! They tell you her name, she cleans up everything and puts things away, but in a really non invasive way. Everything in the bathroom was arranged neatly, and no evidence of any pre club boozing in the room the night before. Seriously, this is a real maid.
4	I have stayed at Encore and thoughts I'd try out Wynn.  Although it is very nice, I feel the level of service at Encore is better.  If you can choose between the two, choose Encore!
4	Gorgeous well-maintained casino. I remember when it first opened, it was very dull and stuffy but now is is party-central! It has a lively atmospehere and is very crowded; two things I prefer in a casino. If you prefer the same level of quality but on a smaller scale, with fewer crowds, then Encore is for you. One complaint is there aren't any nearby casinos to walk to just in case you want a change of scenery.
2	The bottom line: If I could I would choose another hotel any time.I stay at the Wynn once a year for an annual conference. I have heard much about it before coming - the grandeur, the size, the facilities. I would use other words: smelly, noisy, unpleasant service, constantly looking for ways to remove money from your pocket.The pros: Indeed lavish rooms, great views, and there is no real need to leave the hotel if you have the money to afford what is offered within. The pool is really nice.The cons: Disclosure - I do not care for Vegas. But many of my problems with the Wynn are specific. First of all the internet situation - In 2012 I do not think charging $14 a day for internet is ethical. Especially as free WiFi is scarce and poorly located (perhaps on purpose). Second, The place stinks. It smells of cigarettes and some sort of synthetic odor that does a pretty poor job at masking the cigarette smoke. Thirdly, the staff is unpleasant. True - they will all constantly smile and ask you how you are. But this is a plastic exterior. It is more than obvious this is what they were told to do. From my experience they did not go out of there way to help several problems I have encountered including checking in to a room on time, for instance (they had the wrong kind of room and I had to check my bags in and be late for a conference). Another example is the pool. The pool is awesome. But the hours are uncomfortable (9 AM - 6 PM). That is not enough. And for some reason the staff kept asking that we leave a few minutes ahead of time toward the end of the day (and always once the end of the day is approaching several of them suddenly appeared and kept asking us to finish swimming. Why repeat?).
5	If you don't like the Wynn you have serious problems. Between boosting one of the best clubs in Vegas and world class restaurants this place just screams 'money'.  From the flowers, to art work, to intricate tile work, great pools, high-end shopping, comfy beds with amazing sheets, and of course gambling this place has it all.  AND if you are a Veggie every restaurant is required to have a Vegan menu, you just gotta ask for it.
4	I loved my stay here with the exception of the SW steakhouse. My room was great, the service was great, the venue is beautiful.
5	The Wynn is a five star experience. There is nothing positive i can say on here that is not already captured by their own website. They deliver. Restaurants, entertainment, location, luxury, comfort, amenities. Although i do believe this is a 5 star hotel, i left with a few complaints. The ipod dock in our room was broken. We were on the 31st floor and could not sleep because the music was blasting until 4am when the club below closed. Also, i was a bit underwhelmed by their spa. I would definitely prefer to go to the Canyon Ranch at Palazzo or Qua at Ceasers.
5	This  place is top notch has everything you'd expect from an exceptional, five star hotel. It's my favorite hotel in Vegas, and coming here you never even have to leave since it has everything..Best clubs,food and great room service!I love to shop here but It is a lil pricey..It doesn't stink here like cigars or old men..eeek! very clean and on point! I was happy from the time I checked in and left...LOVE LOVE THIS HOTEL!
5	This hotel is the epitome of luxury and class. It's great to walk around and admire the fresh flowers in the lobby and the detailed finishings on the ceiling, floors and walls. Staff here are very friendly and professional and address you as Sir or Ma'am even though you aren't a guest of Wynn. The stores here are very high end $$$$ except for the Cafe Drug store which has reasonable prices. Just walking around the hotel is great to just look around and check out the elite crowd and feel like a VIP even though you aren't. They also play techno, jazz and some soft classy pop music like Michael Buble in the hotel sound system and Kaskade!   =PDon't miss the Parasol Up and Parasol Down Bar located near the lobby and strip entrance. This bar is very elegant and they have a free lake show every half hour.I stayed here a few years ago before I had a smartphone so, I'm just going to give my 2 cents on the Wynn. The valet and check in staff are very friendly and we were given a free upgrade to a panoramic view. We had a great view of the Fashion Show Mall across the street and we can see the top of The Mirage and Treasure Island which was pretty cool IMHO. Room was very clean with beige and red colors like what Wynn says resembles a Manhattan apartment. The granite counters tops and the dark wood in our bathroom gives it a very distinctive look and gave me some great ideas when remodeling my bathroom. Paintings on the wall are just replicas of what Steve Wynn owns in his private art collection and you can see it through out his hotel. It's great to experience luxury to it's finest degree and this hotel has proved it, along with Encore but that's a separate review. All the staff I've encountered were very friendly and smiling, if you look lost and need some directions, the staff are willing to help anyway they can even if you're not a Wynn hotel guest. Steve Wynn has outdone himself again with the Wynn and Encore Hotel and I heard he plans to add more towers if the economy improves and they'll obviously be the dark gold towers with the slant. The golf course is not cheap and costs around $500 but you get a lot of perks with that steep price. The Wynn is not cheap but be prepared to pay top dollar but across the street is the Fashion Show Mall and they have affordable restaurants like CPK and a food court, also there Treasure Island Pirate Show is right across the street along with the Mirage Volcano show.
5	Just spent five days and six nights at the Wynn.  I felt like all this wasn't happening to me... three possibilities...1) Either I turned in Morpheus to Agent Smith in the Matrix and I got plugged back into a ridiculously pampered lifestyle.  Or...2) I made a deal with Satan and this was my reward.  Or...3) I got hit by a bus and I was in heaven.  This shit is just too goddamn good. Alright, I don't normally stay in places like this but I was in town for a conference and it just so happened to be at the Wynn.  I got a super good deal on my room, and can now understand why the going rate that I didn't end up paying is ridiculously expensive.  I heard good things, so I was like let's do this.I didn't realize that I was walking into Steve Wynn's fantasy land for adults.  I learned that extreme luxury is simply attention to details.  Everywhere I looked everything was completely spotless and looked like it was just put there yesterday.  YET, I stayed there for five days and didn't see one person cleaning ANYTHING.  I think Steve Wynn is really Satan for pulling this off.The stores were great, the restaurants were serving ambrosia, and the cocktail waitresses were gorgeous.  The music was all this hip, light, and happy stuff that was the soundtrack to the fantasy.  I recognized a lot of the songs, and just had to pay respect for them using them in the way they were.  Never heard the same song twice in a whole week.Not only that, the hotel guests seemed to dress up and contribute to the cool vibe that The Wynn was putting down.  There is something here for everyone.  The clubs are great, the spa and exercise room were amazing.  Jesus Christ, what did I do to deserve this?Not only that, there was even a TV in the bathroom and a phone next to the can.  What was that phone for, in case I decided to try to die of a heart attack on the toilet like Elvis???  They thought of everything!I am gonna give the Cosmopolitan and Aria a chance in the future, but they gotta live up to this.  Good luck!I'm gonna move into the Wynn like Al Capone or Royal Tenenbaum did at their hotels.  Watch me!
4	This is by-far the most over-the-top hotel I've ever experienced. I got a Saturday rate of $143 on Hotwire (on Memorial Day weekend to boot) and decided I couldn't pass up the opportunity. They gave me a room on a high floor with an amazing view of the Strip and Treasure Island. The room itself wasn't huge by Vegas standards, but the bathroom was, and it had a TV that I could watch while I showered. Of course, being a hotel that screams "money" in every possible way isn't something that a broke 21-year old college student can really take advantage of. I quickly realized that, even though I'd scored an amazing rate on my room, I couldn't actually afford to eat, drink, or gamble inside the Wynn itself. I had to go back out onto the Strip to find the more affordable offerings.Am I glad I stayed here to try it? Yes. Would I stay here again if I had more disposable income? Yes. Until then... I'll opt elsewhere if I'm ever back in town.
1	I could not be more disappointed in the Wynn customer service as i am now. The club XS allows people to dance in the swimming pools and come in and out of the water which makes the area very slippery. I fell by the pool and split my knee open i was rushed to the ER on my bachelorette party to get 6 stiches. Thanks to XS i had to hobble through my wedding and was forced to not exorcize for 6 weeks. When i reached out to the Wynn, the HR department was more then rude they were down right insulting and completely unaccommodating to what happened to me in their hotel. i would never spend another penny in this hotel.i recommend going to the Cosmopolitan where you will find real customer service and a hotel where they actually care about what happens to their patrons
4	I liked the Wynn and I stayed her for a short time however I have stayed at the encore, Wynns sister hotel , and I LOVE the encore. The room at the Wynn was really nice but alot smaller then the Encore.  I'm guessing the encore is an all suite resort . Anyhow, fabulous shops and great dining. There is an outdoor dining restaurant at the Wynn with an amazing view of the golf course and waterfall. Simply breathtaking! Great pool. Good customer service. Would definitely stay at the Wynn if the Encore was unavailable.
5	I love the Wynn hotel.  Always clean, service is good.  If you can get a good deal on a room definitely stay here.Rooms are large.  Beds are a little jumpy.  The hotel is at the end of the strip but if you are at a conference at venetian you can walk back in about 10 minutes saving some money on cab rides not to mentions some time.
5	The Wynn is still my favorite hotel in Vegas. That is saying something because they build something newer and better every year. When it comes to "Class" ... in Vegas... there really is no such thing, but The Wynn comes as close to it as you can get while still staying VEGAS at heart.Everywhere you look there are amazing pieces of art and the decor is just lush upon lush.The rooms however are very subtle by comparison to the deep reds and bright purples you see in the casino and bars...  they are very well thought out... with one wall that is completely windows in pretty much every room. I love that and you really don't have a bad view... either you are looking at the golf course and the pool or the strip...  so you can't go wrong.Speaking of the pool. It's great. There are two large dipping pools connected by a long canal that you can walk through from one end to the other. I really loved drinking a pina colada and walking down the canal in the cool water...  my friend and i walked up and down in the pool and talked and people watched and tanned...The pool side food is lacking though.. the only thing they need to improve at The Wynn.Make sure you hit The Buffet here one morning too. Not kidding. It's not your cheesy vegas buffet. You won't regret it.
4	Saw Garth, excellent venue, excellent show.
4	Pro's: beautiful hotel          ClassyCons: stuffy image. Makes me feel like u need a dinner jacket every time you enter.           The light show although nice, is a bit short.
4	Ok. I'll keep this short. It's a beautiful hotel if you're looking for a "higher end" hotel on the strip (compared to Paris, NY NY, Caesar's Palace, etc.) but it's really not worth it IMO.  Spend the extra few bucks and upgrade to the Palazzo and you'll enjoy it exponentially.  All the rooms at the Palazzo are suites and offer a more indulgent feel.  But if you insist on staying here, the rooms are big and spacious. The bathrooms have duel sinks, separate shower and tubs and the amenities are top notch.   Floor to ceiling windows are amazing and the beds are great.  HOWEVER, the walls are paper thin. You can hear your neighbors and even though we were on the 32nd floor, we could hear the bass thumping from Tryst nightclub below all night.  Now, don't get me wrong. Tryst is a great club with an amazing patio waterfall but if you're looking for some shuteye before an early flight the next morning, this is not the hotel for you.
5	Went to Wynn with my wife and it was excellent.  Very friendly staff and excellent amenities/facility.
5	OMG...The Wynn.....What NOT to say....1st Hotel to stay in Vegas and probably the only hotel that I LOVE, I have toured the others, but I still compare the Wynn to all of them, the some that MAY come close is the Bellagio and Cesar's Palace. Friendly, Excited StaffBeautiful Hotel, Classy,Bright,Elegant, Everything you could ask forDoes not REEK of smoke, like other hotelsLots of restaurants to eat at, GREAT food :)Some of the hottest clubs (XS,Surrender) All the EDM DJ's headline here :)Beautiful Rooms, Bright, not Dark, Full of Light, Beautiful Bathrooms, Wonderful LiningsWhat a magical experience, The Encore Beach Club-Awesome, Nude Pool :)The only complaint I may have, it could use a little more of the 25-35 age range, it caters more to 35-50+ However since they have hot clubs, the 25-35 come out @ night :PIts a place I will NEVER forget, FYI I stayed @ the Palms this month ( Nov), OMG never again, makes the Wynn look like Buckingham Palace :S
3	Having previously stayed at the Encore, the Wynn is a slight downgrade. Our view of the strip was lovely.The bed, linens, pillows -- all were extremely comfortable.The bathroom shower smelled a little like mildew, and one of my towels had a strange, almost salty, smell that was awful. I tried asking one of the girls with the cart for another one. She didn't speak English, and she finally said she didn't have another towel and to call down for one. I decided I didn't need another towel.After our stay, I'm now reading that the $25 resort fee gives you access to the gym and wireless internet. If that's true, that sucks, because we didn't know that during our stay. We would have used the gym, and when I tried connecting to the wifi from the room, I was asked to pay $15 for it. If it's included in the room, why ask me to pay? I couldn't use my iPad because of it. Very disappointing.The lighting on the outside of the building causes a strong reflection of yourself on the glass, making photos and clear strip viewing at night difficult if not impossible.The LV marathon was taking place during our stay, unbeknownst to us. When we called the front desk asking for suggestions on where to park our car, etc., they were lost and had to put us on hold to ask for help multiple times. In the end, they had no answer. I would have liked a better solution than "I don't know."Although the hotel is overall lovely, it's also at the end of the strip, and it's difficult to reach other resorts and activities without a car or a cab.This is an expensive hotel, and I would expect the linens and shower to smell nice (and not bad in any respect), more informed staff, and access to the gym and wifi (and if there is access, notification that such is available).
5	I've stayed at Encore a couple times, and this is my first time at the Wynn. I like the fact that Encore has a slightly better view and bigger floor space, but Wynn was pretty darn awesome. Steve Wynn, you have done well. Very well. The price is well worth it. During the past weekend, my friend and I were able to do a lot of things in the hotel. We ate good food there, clubbed at XS, and watched Le Reve. All within the hotels! We didn't have to worry about taxi cabs and walking a long walk in heels after clubbing. Everything is just so dang convenient and nice. Service is pretty impeccable too. I don't know if I'm able to stay at other hotels when I go to Vegas anymore. :P
5	Wow - upgraded to suite, what a great experience. It'll be hard to not to go back on my next trip. The pool was fantastic. Food was great. Service was perfect.
5	Luxurious!Although it's not my favorite, it's arguably the most elegant.  we came here to see La Reve and we had some time to burn so we walked around and just being inside you felt like a million bucks.  everything new and classy from the new carpet, to the gold plated sinks, to the supple leather in most of the seats, i was impressed!!
5	The Wynn, in my opinion, is the best hotel in Vegas. From the pool, to the service, to the casino, to the restaurants, to the clubs... This is the best property in Vegas.  I was previously torn between the Bellagio and the Wynn until we took a trip to Vegas to figure out what we wanted to get married....  I now have no desire to stay at the bellagio or anywhere else for that matter (unless it's the Encore)  We visited the Bellagio after staying in the Wynn, and in comparison it looks old, dated and dirty. Im so happy with our decision to stay at the Wynn. My only complaints are:  We spent a LOT of money in the hotel over the weekend of our wedding.  We asked for an upgrade upon check in and they did not honor our request or really seem to give a shit about the amount of money we were spending.  This is in a recession, in Vegas.  We requested a smoking room, got a non-smoking room and had to switch the next day which is not a fun event. Surprisingly, the smoking room was even nicer than the non. We stayed on the 50th floor with a great view. No where do they tell you that they will charge you $200.00 per night for a security deposit.  For some of our wedding guests who do not carry credit cards, only cash, this was a problem.  Not sure how they got this resolved but it's there job to make sure that they notify their guests of their policies.  Overall, the Wynn has a spot in my heart and I don't plan on staying anywhere else while in Vegas!
4	I decided to call the 800 # before committing on the net.  The woman stated that she could give me a special off.  I could have the normal room for $300.  Or I could be in the Tower Suites with separate VIP entrance/check in, 600sq ft sized suite and free Wi-fi and free breakfast for $315.  WOW.  Sooo glad I called.  The room was great.  Service very good.  However, I can not give 5 stars because of the noise from the dance club.  The reviews are right.  Even on Floor 52, the thumping bass kept us awake til 2-3am.  I did try the buffet.  I'd rate it 3.5.  I still give my vote to Bellagio's Buffet and Bellagio's Lakeview room as Wynn's Strip View Room did nothing for me.  If you are planning on staying at Wynn.  Call and get the deal I got!  Better yet, stay at Bellagio with a great view and great Buffet and directly in the middle of the Strip.
5	WOW! I normally stay at the Bellagio, but wanted to try the Wynn for something different. The Wynn has won me over. Everything is so up-to-date and clean. The staff was friendly and ready to serve. You would never have to leave the resort if you did not want too.  The Wynn is the only place I will stay when I come to Vegas again.
3	My review is mainly for the Casino (As I was staying next door at the Palazzo).  I really wanted to like this place and went in with high expectations. The place itself was crowded with mainly foreigners taking pictures everywhere and walking super slow. I found one slot game that I liked, but could not play long because the guy next to me had his entire family sit on the other machines and they were not playing. Really wanted to get into the table games but just too many people out and about to get by. I will stop in again next time because I did have a good feeling.
5	The best hotel in Las Vegas !!It is just perfect for me...
1	Just got back from a stay at the Wynn over the holidays for what my wife and I hoped would be a start to a fun Christmas tradition. Unfortunately, we were absolutely floored by the behavior of one of the dealers on the casino floor who effectively ruined our stay at the Wynn.  We go to Vegas frequently, up to a few times a year, and my wife and I enjoy playing craps, betting in the sports book, and burning money playing slot machines.  On our second day we decided to go down to the casino floor to play the table games, and one craps dealer offended us so deeply, we avoided the tables in the Wynn like the plague so we didn't have to see her.  We played at one table in the Encore, but decided to not bet any more of our money at the hotel after that, and instead spent the rest of our gambling time/money at an MGM property.Here's what happened while I was playing craps.  I was at a table that had too few players, so I decided to move to another more lively table (I should note that the dealers at the first table were friendly... too bad that didn't carry over).  At the second table, I was positioned next to a female dealer from South Korea who seemed nice enough at first.  However, while we were playing, she was talking to a man from the Netherlands about how Americans don't travel, how there weren't any in Vegas even (which didn't make sense), how U.S. money is essentially worthless, and how America "used" to be a great country and basically how awful it is now.  At one point, I looked over at her in disgust to which she replied "it's true!" Regardless of what you think privately, it was a completely inappropriate conversation.  I don't go on vacation to spend my hard earned money at hotel to be insulted by its staff.  As I mentioned earlier, it was such an awful experience, that we actively avoided the tables at the Wynn because we would frequently see her there.  It got to the point where we just gave up and gambled elsewhere.  Had I not prepaid for the room, I would have checked out and gotten a room at an MGM property, or in the neighboring Palazzo.I expect to find anti-Americanism abroad, but I didn't expect to find it here.  Furthermore, some of the comments were absurd.  The portion about U.S. currency, whatever.. Yeah the dollar's not exactly what it used to be, but it's what I get in my paycheck and it's what I'm spending at your hotel/casino, and I would have spent/gambled a whole hell of a lot more, so save it.  There were no Americans in Vegas?  I'm not sure what that was about.  Americans don't travel?  I travel... A lot.  Germany, Egypt, and the UK just in the past few months.  America used to be a great country?  Again, keep your opinions to yourself.  I'm not staying and gambling in this casino to hear you go on about your personal political beliefs... Furthermore, I don't expect many of your AMERICAN (remember, your hotel and casino are in AMERICA financed with AMERICAN dollars built with AMERICAN hands and frequented by AMERICANS) guests would appreciate this line of conversation.  But maybe Steve Wynn and Wynn Resorts doesn't want American guests and wants to market their properties solely to foreigners. I told a hotel employee all about this when I checked out, and she seemed apologetic, but in being an average customer, I doubt I'll even receive an email follow-up about my experience.  Needless to say, this incident so soured my experience, that I will be staying elsewhere on the next trip to Vegas.
4	Love the Wynn (and Encore).  The location is great because you are at the northern end of the strip and away from the huge crowds.  The amenities are great and it feels spacious.  The rooms are great, my only complaint would be the water pressure for the shower.The casino area is well planned, the layout is good and easy to navigate through.  I love the sportsbook :)The Wynn/Encore will always be my hotel of choice in Vegas.
4	If you are staying in Las Vegas, you need to stay here.  If you do not, you will lose all your money at another hotel.
5	I stayed at the Wynn in 2005 when it first opened and I don't know why it took me so long to come back! It is still every bit as beautiful and luxurious as it was 7 years ago. Service is excellent and the rooms are incredibly spacious. If I had to knock them for something, I think the beds (in two bed rooms) are full size when they could be queens. We had a great view of the golf course which has unrealistically green grass! We also got a room on a non-smoking floor (without even asking) which was a big plus. Apparently the gym (included in the resort fee) is also amazing, but of course I conveniently "forgot" my gym clothes. The location is super convenient and just a short walkway to the mall and the Palazzo and Venetian. Caesar's isn't too far away either. You have a near infinite choice of restaurants and shops near by. Oh and of course the casino. Be sure to sign up for a Red card if it's your first visit. You get $10 in free slot play just for signing up, then a spin on the wheel with 350 points and two free buffets with 750 points. I was able to get 750 points in a day and my two buffets had a $100 value!
5	The room is super nice, spacious, clean, and awesome.  I love the staff that works here.  Everyone is very calm and friendly, where they are gracious and never in a rush.  I love earning the points at the Wynn when playing the slots machine because i will always end up getting free buffets for me and my family. I would recommend any one going here.  The view is beautiful and the decor is to die for.  You really feel like you are in a calm serene biosphere.  Relaxation at its best!
5	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Wynn this past weekend and I have to say it was incredible. Check in was fast and easy and we were greeted with a beautiful casino floor and lower level. Room was on the 28th floor with a strip view, way nice. I've read some reviews saying if you were on a lower floor you could hear the nightclub. On the 28th you could hear it faintly but it was no big deal. Ate at Mizumi which I would highly recommend as well as their buffet for Sunday brunch. Overall we completely loved out experience at the Wynn, everything was luxurious and all the staff we're friendly and personable. Will definitely be returning soon.
1	Worse stay EVER IN VEGAS!I get that Wynn is a premier hotel that accomodates its guest thus the high hotel rates. But my stay there was the worst time i have had in Vegas. First it took me 2 hours to check in due to the incompetent front desk worker. I tell her i want to pay for the room in cash and put the 250 accident on my card which instead she charges everything on my card apoligizing for her mistake and refunds me back the 200$ in cash. She goes on to tell me it was her mistake that they charged my card over looking the initial first night stay deposit. By that point i am extremely disturbed that it is taking me 2 hours to check into the hotel so i request and ask 3 time that the 250$ accidetal charge not be charged and just be held in my account. She confirms and agrees it will not be and the over charged amount will be taken out of my final charge when i check out. I thank her and FINALLY check into my room looking forward to the nights festivities which i also bought tickets to XS. At this poit it was 2 in the morning with XS closing at 4 which I though its ok couples hours to get my drink on with no LINE!!! I get in and it is packed as they didnt open the pool side. I am no super annoye so i decide to screw it and get some rest. I get into my hotel with the outside weather being about 43 degrees turn on the heater in the room and to my surprise...it is broken. Given i paid for a king suite, i imagined something like a heater would work in the room. All that aside i has an amzing time with my girlfriend. However i get back to reality in LA and check my bank account and to my surprise a total of 751.36 has been chArged on my card. I call in and the floor manager tell me it is their fault but the amounts of 507.11 has been refunded so no compensation will be given at this time. WTF?!?!?! Admiting its their fault and me getting charged overages for their mistake...nothing can be compensated for their imcompetenace?!?!? Wow...worst hotel service ever.
4	Stayed here a few times, beautiful classy casino/hotel.  One of my favorite places here is Zoozacrackers Deli killer Zooza Burger and Zooza Bene!  The suites are large and well appointed but unless you catch a good deal this place is pricey to stay at.  The casino and nightclubs here are also nice with good service.  In addition the strip of high end shops makes for interesting shopping.  In particular the high end watcth store staff was sooo friendly not snooty like other places.  The let me try on a $250,000 watch and gave me some free magazines as well-gotta love that!  Fashion Mall and Strip Steak are located right across the street as well.  The buffet here gets rave reviews, but I only classify it as good.
4	There's a resaon why it's a $1000 per night.  Has the highest star among all Vegas hotels, has the best rooms and the lobby & casino are just amazing.  Look forward to staying here again.  I just wish eat cost a little less.
5	Personally I think it is the nicest hotel in Vegas. It is expensive but if you want to splurge it is worth it.
4	Had an offer, paid about $150/nite for 2 nights plus 2 free buffets and 2 free Le Reve tix, otherwise it would be expensive. The room is great, with a control panel for lights and window  curtain, whole wall window with great view from 28th floor. Clean and nice, the hotel is great, a lot of restaurant and entertainment options, Le Reve is fantastic! It's a little far from the Strip, there is no monorail station close, it's like a 15 min walk. But you can take a cab to say MGM for about $10 if you want to visit other places. Has a golf course and private villas if you are interested, also a beach club. I understand that it's the only 5 star 5 diamonds hotel in the world, but it probably refers to the villas. WiFi is free if you pay the resort fee, otherwise it's $13/day.
5	The Wynn may very well have won in its quest to give new meaning to the term "fancy shmancy". Although in my humble opinion the best part about the hotel was the ability to open the blinds electronically, the other amenities were probably even more memorable to the standard human being. First, the service. Whenever I called the concierge they were at our room in under ten minutes. The security guards/bouncers at the hotel were also an unexpected highlight of our Vegas experience, since they were nice to males and respected our existence. Dealers were also helpful, and gave pointers when we had no clue what to do in card games. The cleaning service made our pringle-filled floor unpringled before we knew what hit us. Overall, service was a-ok.Club XS definitely stands for "excess" and not "extra small" as I had previously thought. The music was great, and if you preorder your tickets you will be fine even if you are a group of 100 men. You still have to pay more money, but hey, that's Vegas. Try to get people to buy you drinks, because they are as expensive as anywhere. As a piece of advice, do all you can to get this hotel through priceline. We were able to pay about 25 dollars a person per night, which makes the value of the hotel off the charts. If we had to pay the normal price it's still a bargain, but as college students would have probably gone elsewhere. Five stars for you, Mr. Wynn.
4	EPIC hotel from top to bottom. If you have the money you will not be disappointed with the Wynn. Remote control window coverings the service top notch. Why only 4 stars ? if you're a working man who like to dress a little casual you will feel out place almost looked down upon. a bit too snooty for my working class lifestyle
4	The Wynn is a beautiful hotel. I enjoy walking around the hotel and looking at the fine detailing. The ceiling, walls, drapes, columns, flowers..it's obvious Steve W has exceptional taste. I've seen no other on the strip as lovely.
2	Stay at Cosmo or Bellagio if you really want a first rate Vegas experience without the elitist attitude you get from the Wynn.
4	Wynn is one of the few truly unique luxury hotels. There really isn't anything else quite like it (except Encore next door, but that's a separate review). The lobby is beautiful and spacious, the casino is large and clean, and the rooms are immaculate. I like the way the hallways curve to follow the contours of the building. I know that last part doesn't help you much but I just wanted to add it here. From check in to check out, everyone with whom we came into contact was cheery, upbeat, and always extended nice greetings. A couple of financial matters bugged me just a little. There is a $25 daily resort fee. This basically gives you the use of their gym. And there is a $150 security deposit PER DAY! I was surprised by this. My three night stay amounted to $450 in security deposits. Of course, I got it back after checking out. But I think that's a bit steep. But the rooms are quite nice, even the basic ones. Ours was the basic and had incredible views of the strip, a comfortable leather white couch, and a TV in the bathroom. Gotta love that. We booked straight through the Wynn and saw La Reve in the Wynn Theater. This show is amazing and a must see. You'll never look at the water the same again. Also, after seeing La Reve, you'll look at the carpeting in the room hallways a little differently. You'll see a connection. Just trust me on this.So I would definitely come back, just be aware of those fees and you'll be fine. And quite honestly for the experience, it's all worth it.
4	This is the best hotel in Las Vegas. The rooms are clean and spacious. The casino does not smell like cigaret smoke which is a plus since I hate smoke. This is one of the few hotels where I wasnt approached by a hooker in the casino. The lobby was amazing! The staff is friendly.  Room service was fast and the food was delicious. I gave this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because I had trouble checking in my luggage. I arrived early and since my room wasnt ready I had to check in my luggage. The line was long and they only had one employee working. I waited about 30 minutes to drop off my luggage. When I handed all my Louis Vuitton luggage to the guy he decided to put it on the floor. I almost fainted. When I told him all my luggage was fragile he put a sticker on everything and put my stuff on top of everyone's luggage.
5	I would like to give 5 stars for their Sunday brunch. My husband and I went to las vegas last December. Our friends suggested to try out a lot of buffets in Las Vegas, so we just decided to try the buffet at the hotel we stayed. We actually stayed in Encore, but Encore and Wynn is connected- owned by the same person. We walked maybe 5 minutes through a beautiful tunnel that connected two hotels. The price was probably around $30 per person; however, this was later covered with our resort credit, so we pretty much had free Brunch :) The choices were endless, we didn't even know where to start. There were pancakes/waffles, and omelets made to order. Good selection of sushi, Chinese food, and classic breakfast menus. I absolutely loved their salmon egg benedict. Fresh squeezed orange juice and apple juice is always a plus!Their desert section looks like a little candy shop. So pretty and colorful. We were too full to try all their desserts, but their chocolate lollipops and cakes were heavenly.
5	As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the nicest places to stay in Las Vegas. It's centrally located yet not in the middle of massive manic crowds; it has great food options and shows nearby. Rooms are modern yet classy.Had a great stay, and would love to stay there again.
5	This hotel is "classy" and the price is very affordable, worth every dollar. The bathrooms are awesome! Very large, includes a huge tub and walk-in shower with a sitting bench. The king size bed and pillows were so soft and comfortable that it was hard to get out of in the mornings. Try the room service for desserts...little pricey but worth it. The restaurants are "Top Notch" and nothing less than amazing.    Heads up there is an additional $25.00 a day charge that gets added to your bill as part of their hotel fees and a $300.00 dollar deposit that gets but on your card but I still think it is worth it.
4	I loved staying at the Wynn.  The hotel is very comfortable and seemingly not as trashy feeling as some hotels and casinos in Vegas.  The decor is nice and not cheesy and the restaurants and cafes in the hotel are delicious (overpriced in my opinion, but it's Vegas...) I love their Parasol bar and the little show that comes on every so often outside in the lake.  It's a little trippy, but kind of neat too.
4	This is one of the best casino hotels around the Vegas strip.  They have a beautiful interior and draw a classier crowd than many of the other casinos.  They have an excellent selection of fine dining restaurants, clubs and upscale shopping.  This is definitely one of the top tier destinations in Vegas.
4	I did not stay at the Wynn, but I spent most of my "casino" time here since it was across the street from The Palazzo. I didn't see the rooms, but the casino itself was pretty nice (although a little quiet). The ventilation in there was decent, so you didn't end up smelling like smoke when you left the casino. The shopping area is a little small, and the buffet is just ok, but I would stay here if I visited Las Vegas again.
5	Everything is outstanding from valet to check out. Rooms are insanely gorgeous, opulent. One of my favorite hotels in Vegas...and consistent every time! Words really are inadequate- just go and see for yourself :)
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas!! I come to Vegas twice or three times a month, it's my second home ;) and this hotel is amazing , jaw dropping, rooms, decor , ambiance. EVERYTHING about the Wynn and encore is beautiful. Definitely a must see
4	Oh, the Wynn. You almost win me over. :-)I had a business trip to the Wynn, and like many people who visit here I have little proclivity to gamble. I'm not really a drinker, and while I enjoy fine dining I prefer smaller, off-the-beaten-trail places to big blingy restaurants. But hell, this is Vegas ... and if I'm going to go big, I might as well do it right.The Wynn's expansiveness includes a Ferrari dealership, boutiques for brands you may never have heard of (mutter the words "Patek Philippe" around your wristwatch snob friends and watch the eyebrows raise), and some really fantastic restaurants. The place is also a convention factory, meaning that there's always guaranteed to be a steady stream of convention goers, eyeing the casino warily.And the casino. A dizzying blue of lights, bells, roars and sighs. A bit like the proverbial boat; a hole in the water into which you constantly throw money. I noted that it's almost impossible to get anywhere in the Wynn without walking through the casino. This was definitely deliberate.But in terms of an actual hotel experience, the Wynn is top-notch. Our end room had two spectacular windows looking out over the city. The motorized curtains and automatically dimming lights make you feel like a movie star when you walk in the room. And the little cans of nuts and chocolate remind you that you're in Vegas ... where you pay for EVERYTHING.(I calculated that taking all of the snack nuts would cost about $120.)Yes, you pay for everything. Internet is $12 per day. Bottled water was $8 per bottle. And I'm pretty sure there was a toilet-flushing tax added onto my bill too.So if you're heading to Vegas and you want to stay at the Wynn, I wholeheartedly encourage it; it's an experience you won't soon forget. Just make sure you bring a lot of Pesos, even if you don't plan on gambling.
1	The place was wonderful, don't get me wrong. However, they should improve their cleaning. After staying at this hotel, my friend got huge rashes all over her body and after speaking to the manager, they didn't even show any sympathy. No apology whatsoever. Ultimately, one of the staff came to our room to make an incident report and they never came back with the results which means they didn't do anything about it. Yeah, definitely not coming back here.
2	First time staying at the Wynn. Our Deluxe Room had a lovely panoramic view. In the bathroom we found The used robes and hair all over the floor. The carpet had debris on it. We requested another room which was slightly cleaner. Still had carpet debris and a dirty streaked smudged mirror. We won't be back. I'm rating 2 star because the view from the 51st floor was breathtaking.
4	My wife and I travel to Las Vegas a couple times a year, we have stayed at MGM Signature Towers, Caesars Palace, Palazzo, we decided to try the Wynn we spent thousands in the shops Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton and the staff were pleasant and helped my wife and daughter with an enjoyable shopping experience.  The hotel staff on the other hand needs a lot of lessons on handling and defusing escalating problems, we paid for 2 rooms adjoining a night not a very cheap experience as you can read from the other posts.  Our grandson who is 8 accompanied us on this trip as it was a surprise his mother was getting engaged, he had lost his father to a drunk driver when he was a couple months old and now she had found a nice guy and long story short the fiance's first trip here also to surprise our daughter with the engagement.  His first night with us at the Wynn and our third night the room next to us room 5755 started getting really loud I contacted security and seemed the problem was fixed, at 2300 hours it began again once again I called the front desk and told them I had enough and to send security up once again upon arriving I heard security knocking on the door numerous times however the room was not responding after all the door slamming and partying in the next room they had left and also left the music blaring, the young security guard went to get assistance and I got dressed and was going down to the desk to talk with management about the situation when I ran into the young security guard and an older heavy set security guard I explained my frustration and explained my position and told them if I need to call the local police department then I would, his response to me" was I threatening him"  my response back was no I am making you a promise if you do not handle the situation I will call the local authorities.  They finally got the music turned off but prior to this they were not around for the yelling and door slamming that preceded the room occupants before they arrived.  No matter how much you spend as a guest of this hotel they are obligated provide a nice quiet nights rest not to be hassled with unruly guests that the establishment cannot keep in control.  After midnight I did finally get to talk to management about the situation and told them  about the experience and after hours of trying to get the rude security guards name I did get it, my next letter is to Mr. Wynn so he can send this security guard to remedial training.   I rated them a 2 initially but changed it to a 3 I like the hotel overall just hoping the next 2 nights do not end up like tonight.  Update 2/14/13 today I was contacted by hotel management Sean he manager was sincere and assured me this situation would be handled differently in the future and honestly I believe him this place is first class all the way around and even I will not let one night ruin the entire stay, hope the remaining nights go as well.  Sean, Corvey and the young security guard should be commended way to go team and I appreciate you reaching out to me the next day to ensure me that this was an isolated incident.  Upgraded my rating due to management intervention, the Security supervisor could learn from the rest of the team. Thanks Guys I will be back
5	Beautiful hotel. Room was very spacious and comfortable. Pool is excellent. La Reve at the Wynn Theater is a great show as well. Overall a great experience and a good value.
4	Nice lobby with beautiful mosaics in the floor. They definitely spent some serious cash! Awesome light show at night on the huge waterfall (you have to be seated at the bar or the SW Steakhouse restaurant to see it). The employees were all friendly and accommodating. The location can be a positive or negative. It is not on the main drag area of the strip (it will take at least 20-30 minutes to walk to where all the action is).
5	This is the nicest hotel and casino I have ever been in. I love staying here, gambling and dining on this property. It's my favorite on the strip. The buffet seemed to have cut cost but the restaurants are ALL wonderful. The show Le Reve is also in my top 3 shows. If you walk in the casino wearing extremely casual clothing you'll notice how casual you are by the elegant surroundings. The rooms are extraordinary and the views are amazing. I love everything about the Wynn.
5	Absolutely the best hotel on the strip. We frequently stay there for girls trips and it is always a great time!
4	Hell, I'm in Vegas, I might as well write a review. This is one of the better buffets in Vegas.  Quality is awesome, lunchtime/brunch time is always good. Props for having a congee/juk/chao station. Comes in handy after a rough night.  Lines get long at peak times, but it's worth it. This is my default Vegas buffet.
3	Maybe I'm jaded by the hotels I've been to and stayed at and maybe my expectations are just too high now but this time to Vegas, I really didn't feel Wynn delivered what I expected of it.  However to start off with, the boom boom boom sounds from Tryst weren't happening this time despite us being on a lower floor which is good.  Let's start off with the hotel rooms and this is really where my review is based purely on because the stores, casino floor and everything else are very good.  We got two rooms but unfortunately they were on separate floors even though we asked for it to be on the same floor.  I do understand the hotel was fully booked but not sure how hard it would have been so we could have been on the same floor.  One of our rooms had a foul smell in there as if a pet did a little bit of business.  They came up to spray something but it didn't do much good.  The towels in the bathroom had its thread coming apart which is something I expect at home but not at the Wynn.  There was also a stain on the toilet that could not be cleaned.  I did email Wynn about these issues and they email back and apologized.  I hope it'll be better next time because it's a good hotel and it's one that I want to stay at over and over again.
1	When the Wynn first opened, we LOVED it.  It was laid out like Bellagio and the service was equal to the Bellagio.  (Can you tell that the Bellagio was our benchmark for quality?)  We had decided to switch allegiance.  The economy being as it has been, we took 4 long years before we returned to Las Vegas.  We started our gambling at the Bellagio and it was as lovely as I remembered.  We went to the Wynn with excitement....but it didn't last.The video blackjack machines were not setup to double down or split.  We were told that we could turn on our service light and a floor manager would come to reset them.  (This is actually something we've done many times before at both hotels).  Normally, it takes just a few minutes to get service.  This time, it took 25 minutes (and we saw 3 managers walk right by).  We decided to leave.  I wanted to give feedback to a manager about our experience.  Two were there and they could not have cared less.  Sometimes places get busy (that was not the case this time) and I understand, but when a customer gives you negative feedback, most businesses respond immediately with apologies and concern.  Businesses can please their customers several times to keep them coming back... but it only takes ONE bad experience to lose a customer forever.
5	I honestly have no complaints. We got a comp for 3 nights. Waiting to check in was a little cray but there's so much to look at. The bathroom has a mini tv & a huge jet tub. Well the whole bathroom is huge.  :)  The pool is nice. Yup! No complaints.
3	I started this review with five stars.  Really, three words pretty much gives it a five...."no strollers allowed".  Posted at the front entrance.  LOVE that!The place is fantastic.  Similar to the Aria, it's very updated, very upscale, and provides ALL the amenities.  The rooms are just over 600 square feet, and again, like the Aria, all electronic.  What I REALLY liked, as did the wife, was the fact that the far wall was all glass.  Our room looked out over a fantastic golf course.  Nice big screen in the room, and the wife appreciated the rather cool bathtub.The buffet was well laid out, with something for everyone.  A small cafe further down actually has reasonably priced breakfasts, too (something you do NOT see in resort hotels in Vegas!).So why the drop in rating?  Simple - our room was over Tryst, the hip night club.  Which meant that our "quiet room" thumped with bass from 10pm to 4am both nights we were here.  And THAT was high on the suck factor.If it came around, I'd consider staying here again, but only...and I mean ONLY, if i were on the other end of the hotel.
5	These guys really put together a hotel/resort that is a cut above the rest. Way better than the Bell, Cos or Bay. The Le Rev and The Buffet ROCK. Huge rooms with bigger his and hers bathrooms. I'll be back!
5	I love the Wynn. I've stayed here a few times and I recently stayed in Encore. I stayed in the tower suites and I do prefer the Wynn suites to Encore, however, the Encore entry is definitely more private. The hotels are so glamorous and dreamy and the views are killer. I'm kind of shocked that both hotels lost the 5 diamond award this year.
4	Comfortable rooms. Request a room at a higher floor with panoramic views for a better experience and to hear less noise from the nightclubs. The beds are unbelievably plush. Overall, staff could be friendlier.  The restaurants are great and the food is of very high quality even the buffet. The 24 hour cafe is good but pricey ($ 5.72 for a small cappuccino with tax); $ 4.25 for a croissant; $ 6.00 for a pastry. It adds up real fast so bring lots of dough.Overall, the Wynn is a very lavish and opulent property. A lot of attention to detail has been paid in the planning and construction of the resort.
5	Stayed here last weekend for two nights.Arrived at 11am, and we were given access to our room straight away. They offered us an upgrade for a panoramic top floor room for $25 a night (which we later got reimbursed via the red club host)The room was a little bit smaller than I expected based on other hotels I've stayed in, but the view made up for it - it was amazing. I loved the fact you could open and close the curtains from the bed too.The bed was so comfy, could have slept all weekend. I never noticed any sound on the Friday night, but on the Saturday night there was a lot of bass sound coming from what  I believe was the night club, even though we were on the 58th floor, but I eventually fell asleep so it wasn't a problem.The bathroom was very clean, I think they may need to get some new towels though, some were super white and some were going a bit grey. The toiletries were really ncie too.The snacks and drinks in the room were super pricey - I so wanted the swedish fish but couldnt justify paying $8, instead I went to walgreens and got a big bag for $3All the staff we encountered during our stay were extremely helpful and very friendly.We signed up for the red card and spent a lot of time (and money) in the casino, hence the free room upgrades and we also got free buffets too. The drink servers in the casino were also super nice and circulated a lot, so you never went thirsty.The casino is super clean and the bars and restaurants in the hotel are all really nice.Location wise you are a bit further down the strip from a lot of the action, but it is nice to take a walk up/down the strip. Yes we walked the 3.3 miles to the Vegas sign one day!!On check out there was a small error with our bill, but when I brought it to their attention it was rectified immediately.I'm going back in August and have already booked a different hotel, but in the future I would definitely stay here again, it i the nicest of the 4 hotels I have stayed in on the strip.
2	It's 3 am and I am writing this review because I 'm wide awake in my room on the 58th floor on the golf course side of the Wynn Tower Suites.  The operator told me the bass beats vibrating and pounding through my walls are due to the nightclub in the casino, 58 floors below that goes indoor/outdoor on weekends.  She said don't worry, it will stop by 4:30 when the club closes.  She offered me ear plugs. SERIOUSLY!  Overall, the hotel is great.  Just DO NOT book your room on the golf course side.  I'm assuming the strip side doesn't have the same problem.  A 5-star hotel this is not, that I can't expect to sleep before the club closes at 4:30 am.  Maybe I'll go join the party...I wonder if they'll comp my admission?
5	Went to the 10:00 showing of Le Reve. Seriously amazing the limits these people will push their bodies too. Wow! Sat in the VIP seating with yummy chocolate strawberries and champagne, pretty sure that's the only way to do it... After the show went and had drinks at the bar. Strange folks but hey it's Vegas after midnight, to be expected. Delicious lemon drops and friendly service.
3	We decided we needed the Vegas fix, and also wanted to mix up our usual places so we choose the Wynn Tower suites. It was ok, but not as good as the market it to be. Below are the details:The Bad:* The valet at the tower entrance does not seem as professional as the Wynn valet. Not there when you need them and no real valet type stand or place to ask for help.* Check in staff is a bit boring and mono-tone voice. * Tower suite all have connecting doors!!!! They never told me that, and after speaking with them there were not any rooms left so we had to take it. Expensive hotels should NOT have connecting door. It's soooo Howard Johnson.* Nice hearing our drunk neighbors at 3am, even after the bell hop said the doors were super sound proof and would not be an issue. * Room is not what I expected. I have stayed at the Encore and their base room is nicer than the tower suites. Looks like a generic hotel layout.* TV is not in front of the bed, on the side wall and you have to swing it out. Not an issue, but the wall mount bracket sags and the TV is then crooked. Ever try and watch a movie with your head crooked to make the screen look straight? Not fun.* The Tower suites are marketed as a "quite retreat from the strip", not quite when the 2am drunks come home.* Now, we do enjoy the topless pools in Vegas, but this one at Wynn is about the most beat, total waste of time pool we have ever been to. Even the Encore pool, which we thought was boring and creepy, was better than the Wynn.   First, there are like no staff help at all. Had to scavenge around ourselves for lounges.      Second, Steve Wynn needs to lighten up on his profits. What they charge for a day bed is crazy. Especially when most of them are in the shade by 130pm. The entire front row perimeter has reserved signs on it. Now there were only about 10% of the paid for chairs/day beds, lounges being used. These stayed empty all day. It would be much nicer if the crowd that did attend would get these at a reasonable price, verses them being empty all day and the Wynn looks foolish for being profit hungry. Would lead to a much better vibe and fun pool, which equates to happier quests.   Finally, the Euro sun bathing pool is a total waste of time. They need to work on this one. Make it mandatory topless, couples only (over 25), and charge 75 bucks a day pas and they would have  a gold mine. * Cabs - They market the Tower suites as being no crowds, quite and more like a apartment building than a hotel. Not the case with getting a cab here. We waited almost 18 minutes trying for a cab. Long line and no cabs coming in. This is Vegas, if they can figure out how to build a 90 story building and resort, they can figure out a way to get cabs there for people. The Good:* The flowers everywhere is amazing and smells great. Very impressed with the amount of time/money that must take.* Spa/gym is great and large.* Tablue is great for breakfast and never crowded.* Wife likes the gambling here, said it was great fun and time flew.* La Cave is a great mid priced American menu restaurant. Nice vibe and crowd.* They have an employee at almost every intersection or hall way entrance to help answer questions of give directions. Was great the always have someone within a few feet to help with directions. Most impressive thing at the Wynn.So, overall not the best stay, but was enjoyable. We may not return soon, and will go back the Mandarin instead. I liked the Encore better on my last stay.
2	If you asked me in 2011, I would have given the Wynn 12 stars, easily. My experience there at that time gave me an entire new perspective on Vegas. I will never forget one detail, and I can't begin to describe my trip. In a word, impeccable.So fast forward to the week of 3/7/13, my husbands birthday, and it was the total opposite. Starting with the room. There was a major electrical wiring issue in the panoramic suite we were assigned to, and so we were moved (thankfully we hadn't unpacked yet!). Instead of a comparable room, or even an upgrade to a suite for the inconvenience, we were changed to a standard room with a mattress that was YEARS past replacing. Absolutely no support, and it felt so worn out! Our sleep that night (and every night that followed) was restless, fitful, and exhausting. We spent our entire weekend at the resort. I went to the salon and the spa, my husband played a round of golf, and every meal was at one of their restaurants. At SW, we were informed that our reservation was made for the NEXT night, not the one we requested, and the host managed to scrounge up a table at a HORRIBLE spot for us. Instead of apologizing for the mix-up or trying to fix the situation, he made a joke about my husband's age and told us to "enjoy". The meal was fantastic, but we were squished in the middle of two other couples (one of which I'm almost POSITIVE was an escort date), and the other who fought the entire time. The seating is weird. There's a long bench with three small tables on the other side. Not private, not romantic, and certainly not worth a $400 meal. The steak  was fantastic! Too bad we will never be back! The casino bartenders were great, we were never thirsty. My salon/spa experience were great! The only thing that saved the trip from being a complete disaster was the golf. Sure, it was pricey, but it was the first time we actually felt like "guests". Everyone was wonderful, the course was beautiful, and we had an amazing afternoon. The last straw was out last evening, Saturday. The serial nights of not-sleeping were REALLY dragging on our patience, and the exhaustion was so bad that we considered sleeping on the floor, desperate for some rest. The noise from the clubs (we were on the 58th floor) didn't help either. So, at 2am on Sunday, we'd had enough. It was time to go home.At check-out, we expressed our dissatisfaction and disappointment, given the fact that we utilized nearly every amenity available, and would still rate our overall experience as terrible. The clerk, never made eye contact, and his auto-response of "yes sir", became annoying as it became clear that he was used to this, and we were getting nowhere. He took $100 off of our dinner bill, but nothing more. So, at 230am, we packed up the car and drove away. We were saddened, disappointed, and left, pretty sure we would never be back.The WORST part of this? I sent a detailed email to the website, under the section for guest comments, nearly a week ago. Although I received an auto-reply that my email would be addressed, I have yet to hear one word from the Wynn. It is a gorgeous resort, no doubt about that. And perhaps we'd had a series of disappointing events, unreflective of the typical stay. I know my first experience was amazing. So, keep an open mind, but be prepared, just in case!
4	Stayed here back in 2009, and now I'm forever spoiled when it comes to Vegas hotels. Previously I had stayed at TI (2000), Paris (2001), Bally's (2002-2004), and then Bally's again this year. The rooms are HUGE and the windows are floor-to-ceiling. We had a view of the Wynn golf course and the Northern end of the Strip (if you looked closely, you could see Circus Circus down the road). The casino is not that big but the atmosphere is nice. The restaurants are all great. We got a package deal through Expedia (I stalked it a bit to get a low price, hehe) and ended up paying like $119/n and $200-250 for airfare (from Detroit) which was a great deal.My only complaints about it was that the pool was closed for renovations (they told us we could use Encore's pool, but of course we did not ... it was Feb. anyways so wasn't that warm) and we had a $100 dining credit EACH that we thought we could use at Okada, but it turned out we couldn't. That's still the most expensive meal I've had in my life, to this day, but also was very good, fortunately.(moral = read the fine print, I guess!)I would definitely stay at Wynn again, although now it has some competition from Aria, Cosmpolitan, etc. (the "new kids," at least since 2009) ... I checked all of those out on my recent trip there in January 2013.
5	In my opinion this place has the best interior decor, even better than the bellagio but both are rather comparable. This place is very very nice, a mix of renaissance decor with architecture that seems to encompass anything and everything. The gardens here are the best and extend to the casino which was amazingly done. The casino itself is pretty standard, very nice clean chips like bellagio (unlike some places like Monte Carlo which also has ads on their chips). We did not stay here but we toured this place for about 45 minutes so this is a review of the casino floor.It takes a while to get here if you live on the other side or even the middle of the strip. From Monte Carlo if you take Deuce you will have quite a few stops and with traffic that is really bad. Just wait for SDX bus, which starts at MGM. That will get you to Wynn in about 10-15 min w/ traffic, Deuce can take 25 min.
4	I always enjoy this hotel. Going out to the fountain and having a drink (even though its expensive $9 for a jack and coke is the mentality of someone out of their mind). Not to mention its gorgeous. Its one of the most upscale ones. The shops are for those 1% who can afford to spend $1000 on a bra. However, it doesn't make it any less beautiful to look at. I always recommend doing something here that involves being near the water. So go have a drink by the waterfall and relax, and at night it lights up and a frog pops up and sings for you. Its highly enjoyable. And for once I went on a Saturday night. I dont party, but if you do, there were so many lines to get into the club.
5	Absolutely beautiful! The details in the decor are stunning and the view from the room might be the best view of the stip. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The hotel is spotless and manicured to perfection. Expensive, yes- it's Vegas! Wish there was a fast food option and an outlet near the bed to charge my phone while laying in bed, but other than that- the Wynn is a win!
5	I just LOVED the Wynn.  Last time we were in Vegas we stayed at the Palazzo, and had multiple issues, including smoke stench in the rooms (we tried two rooms), lack of glassware, unclean shower and rude manager when we called and complained about it (there were razor caps on the floor of the shower), and yucky room service.The Wynn, therefore, was a breath of fresh air.  The lobby was incredibly beautiful and smelled so fresh and clean, with lots of fresh flowers, which I saw throughout the resort.  The room was beautiful, in shades of whites and cream.  Very similar in layout to the Palazzo, with the exception of the sunken living room in the Palazzo, which we did like.  But this room more than made up for that living room.  Huge windows overlooking the strip.  Room was well maintained and cleaned well every day.  Room SMELLED so good, did not detect a HINT of smoke.  Cool Picasso prints on the walls.  LOTS of glasses, including water glasses, wine glasses, smaller drink glasses, glasses in the bathroom.  Awesome sunken soaking tub.  Bed was very comfortable.The light panels for the room (located near the door and near the bed) are awesome to easily turn off/on the lights and also open/close the curtains.  I did order room service once while there, and it was overall very good.  I've never ordered steak from room service before, and not surprisingly it was a little cold, but cooked perfectly with very good flavor.  Fries were good.  French onion soup had too much cheese.I will definitely go back here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	The best hotel on the strip. The Beach Club is amazing. Their day club events are great and they have great djs lined up. Even when I don't stay at the Wynn I end up at the Wynn.
3	Stayed at the Aria last time and think I was maybe spoiled?The room we were in at the Wynn didn't have as big of a wow factor right when we walked in. They also wanted to charge us for everything extra - internet, gym etc Inside decor was O.K. wall papers and things just didn't really give me an "im in Vegas" factor. The garden display in the lobby is nice, flowers are all real incase you were wondering.I wanted to just sit back and relax but had to think about being charged for everything.The pool was gorgeous though. I didnt get to go to EBC but that will definitely be on my list for next time. Honestly, it is a great hotel, just didnt have that "Vegas Factor" I wanted to get staying on the strip. Go to the Aria or another instead.
3	Got here on Friday night (technically Sat 12:30am) and there was a line so it took a while to get checked in. We got the 34th floor, and view of the strip was nice. I suppose the room is good too, but having stayed at the Palazzo last time, I got spoiled by the enormous suites. All the employees were very cordial and helpful. My big knock on the Wynn is the sound insulation. I stayed Friday and Saturday nights, and I could hear everything. From people talking in the hallway, to TV next door, the train, ambulance, water running from other guests, and worst of all, the music from the night club--2 in the morning. It was quite loud, both nights. A higher floor may have been better, but that's just a guess. I usually don't like noise at hotels, and this felt like I was right next door to the nightclub.
3	This hotel is gorgeous. I espeically love seeing their garden area. I also like their buffet and they have a couple decent clubs as well. The only thing I don't like is the location which I find a bit inconvenient. I'd go more often if it were more towards the middle of the strip.
4	This and Encore are my husbands favorite hotels.They are simply gorgeous in design, immaculate in service, decor, even the air smells expensive.You will find minimal riff raff here, but isn't that part of the Vegas charm?No, well then stay here for a luxurious pampering, great shopping, fine dining.If not, leave your 100 oz plastic cup outside and have a glimpse of what you could be doing instead of puking margarita slushies in the bushes out front.
5	I absolutely adored my stay at the Wynn.  If you are looking for a truly luxurious experience when you come to Vegas, I highly recommend you stay here.  The rooms are stunning, the hotel is clean and definitely filled with... classier people for a lack of a better word.  It really gives you the feeling of being royalty, whereas other hotels feel a little more slimy.  So! If you are looking to treat yourself, stay at the Wynn.  You won't regret it.
4	Great time at the Wynn. Large airy room, attentive friendly staff and great restaurants. Didn't have one borderline meal here, all very good to excellent. Usual problem with smoke smell everywhere, even in hallways remote from casino. Would have been 5 stars except for long waits to check in and out. I travel a lot on business and every hotel chain has expedited check-in and check-out except, it seems, Las Vegas Hotels. Why is this? Makes your last encounter with the hotel mediocre to bad and colors rest of experience.Tip: When catching cab from airport ask drive to take you to hotel on strip via "cheaper route" or "non-freeway", or else use Google maps or Waze to track where he/she is taking you. Saves $5-6 minimum.
5	Wynn, wynn, wynn. What do I say? It is a most amazing property with beautiful colors, wonderful decor, well-appointed rooms, cozy floating-on-a-cloud beds, bright and spacious bathrooms, playable casino, connected to Encore, darling pool, elegance and charm all throughout the property, well-done nightlife (the best in town currently), dazzling golf course, complimentary stunning lake shows every 15 minutes in the evening, great though expensive restaurants...but what else do you expect? Wynn truly outdid himself with this one. The only thing currently lacking is uniformly great service across the board on the property. I encountered employees with phenomenal service (in-room dining brought me complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries and a whole new plate of food when they made a small mistake with the order that was totally livable) and some with terrible attitudes (try check in desk, bellman, and red card booth). Wynn beats the whole strip. If only Wynn could beat itself, it would be out of this world certainly.
5	5 star EVERYTHING! That is all!! A bossy experience every time. FLAWLESS! The best on the strip. This hotel has a certain Beverly Hills swag that other hotels cannot replicate. I always see celebrities lounge around the casino and what looks like, the worlds elite. Ballers, shot callers, people with a appreciation for the GOOD things in life. Being at the Wynn makes me feel like a million bucks. The vibe can't be found anywhere else. Botero and Bartolotta are Divine. My go to restaurants in Vegas. Wynn resort has the best clubs in Vegas too. Let's see.... Golf course. The best restaurants. The best clubs. A awesome casino. The nicest guest rooms. The list goes on and on. It's amazing up in here. I really do hate when people talk badly about this resort. If you don't like it, GO to fricken Buffalo Bills!!! You don't belong here anyway.
4	Impressive hotel room, service and location. Thoroughly accommodating with early check in. Hands down, most comfortable hotel bed EVER!Reason behind the missing star-They'll bring up an entire unlimited supply of safety pins and band aids but charge $5 for plastic utensils? I'm puzzled.
4	Expensive, but worth it!
5	We had an amazing couple of days! Beautiful room, delicious food (Mizumi) and great cocktails! Loved the pool, the wine bar and so on! Great stay!
3	I'm going to title this Yelp review, "Why?"So Wynn, why are you so south of the strip?  I'm spoiled and enjoy staying at the Elara where I am prime walking distance from Earl of Sandwich, Fat Tuesdays, and the Cosmo.Why are your policies so strict--can't rearrange the snacks and mini bar, you'll charge me if things are out of place for more than 60 seconds?  Who are you?  And then why does it take you an hour and a half to send a mini bar staff to examine our mini bar when we inquired about the $200 charges we got hit with because we supposedly took items out of the mini bar for consumption...when we didn't?  Oh wait, you didn't even send somebody to sort it out and instead, why did it take like five phone calls to the front desk to get it sorted out before you decided to drop the charges that shouldn't have even been there in the first place?And why is it that for a luxury hotel, I can hear Surrender and XS's blaring music from my hotel room?  Do the people who stay here not have to sleep?  I understand it's Vegas and folks are up until the crack of dawn, but when I want some peace and quiet, I can't even have that?I'll give it to you for everything else because the hotel is gorgeous, the rooms are spacious, the pool is amazing, and it is nice to be able to walk downstairs and XS is footsteps away.But why the unresponsive service and the lack of noise control?  Why, I don't understand.
5	Even though my friends and I just stayed in a regular room for 1 night, we absolutely LOVED IT!  I know it's just a basic room, "How great could it be?!"  Collectively my friends and I have stayed at various places Vegas, and I usually don't get excited over a room....But I must say, I really enjoyed staying at the Wynn.  The beds and pillows are SUPER COMFORTABLE, it was like sleeping on clouds!  The room was extremely spacious, and I really liked how the lights/curtains/AC/etc controls were all on one panel (total two in the room), and I thought it was cool how each room had electronic "privacy please" panel to display right outside your door.  The room did not only look fancy, but it really felt fancy, nice, and relaxing.  The pool here was really nice too.My friends and I also LOVED the fact that our room was literally in the middle and super close to all our favorite clubs!  It was so close that we were able to walk in and out of the clubs a couple times to go back to our room (to switch shoes or change) without ANY trouble!Staying here we felt really pampered and just really made our trip to Vegas that much more enjoyable  =)The only downfall is my friends and I wish that we could afford to stay here more often!  *cryyy*
5	The only place to stay, party, eat, and gamble.  The rooms are spacious, the beds are so comfortable, and the bathroom was roomy enough for four girls to get ready in.  We got a cabana at the pool and had a great time over memorial weekend.  The restaurants within the hotel provide a variety of cuisines for all pallets and budgets.  Additionally, room service was delicious and delivered at all hours of the day/night.  We had a blast gambling at the Black Jack tables and even had a humorous conversation with the Pit Boss.  XS and Surrender provided hours of live DJ music from David Guetta and Dead Mau5 as well as bottle service and a great dance floor.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Did stay here but brought my girlfriend to see the hotel and it never disappoints. 1st off let me the most awesome sports book of any casino period! This place is elegance throughout. Incredible garden, fabulous stores and a beautiful casino. My goal is to get my business off the ground, make a good connection here and see what it like to stay here at an above average level. This is a very nice casino!
4	What a great place! Slots are very lucky here :)
4	I appreciate quality and understand that costs money, but HOLY COW!!!!
5	I have been to many of the fancy suites in Vegas and around the world.  The Parlor Suite we stayed in last week was incredible.  All the attention at the Suites Tower and the perfection of the room was superb!As everything Steve Wynn touches, it is pure perfection!  All the beautiful decor,  great restaurants, the incredible stores, the golf course, spa, and our suite made us feel so special that I am looking forward to coming back again and again.The Ferrari museum/dealership and store were incredible-if you're into that kind of stuff (as I am).  The best pools of any Vegas hotels.  It's not just a pool area, it's also a beautiful European garden.  Everything is classy and elegant.  The staff are super helpful and friendly.Le Reve, I've seen it twice now and it's still an amazing show!!!Looking forward to coming back!!!  Thank you, Wynn!!!
1	RIPP OFF !!! they charged for a soup and egg white $45.00 at the casino !!! That is insane. Their staff is rude and impulite!!I will never, but never ever, go there again.
5	Ahhh the fabulous Wynn Las Vegas, puts all the MEDIOCRE hotels to shame, specially all MGM and Harrah's properties.If your all about the glamourous life of Las Vegas then the Wynn is the place to be.The moment you step into the Wynn, you will fall into another world of luxury and the finner things in life. The service and ambiance of this hotel is defintely a 5 star rating. As well as the rooms and restaurants in the hotel.The Wynn has always been a faovrite place of mine, i usually joke and call it my backyard since I am here most of the time relaxing and enjoying the fabulous lounges and restuarants.A favorite spot of mine i highly reccomend is the Parasols down bar, located downstairs with a spectacular view of a water fountain which features a mini show every 15-30 min.If your hungry and care for a snack indulge at the drug store cafe at the Wynn located near the Le Reve theater, cheap and portions are huge.If your all about class and  the finner things in life, get blown by the Wynn.. :)
5	Great view. Comfy bed. Automatic lights and curtain control :) Can hear neighbors next door! No  phone plugs next to the bed. Still probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.
5	I've stayed here multiple times, and love to come visit. I still can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet. This is one of the nicest hotel/resorts around anywhere, and by far the place to be in Vegas. The design, venue, and service are perfect. There are some decent restaurants as well, but they are hit or miss. The rooms are beautifully appointed, but not as large as some other resorts. I would take quality over quantity any day of the week.
4	Wynn/Encore- both great looking hotels/casinos with great rooms and pools and spas.  I stayed at the Wynn in April 2013 and it was really first class all the way. I only downgraded from 5 to 4 due to some minor issues, but they should not be present at a 5 star property. Checked in at midnight! but I had called ahead and let them know it would be a late check int- best to do this to ensure your room is not given away on a SAT evening. Slight line backup at check in due to a large family group but the Wynn staff got us in quickly- very nice. Very warm greetings and information on the property from the front desk staff. Kudos!! . Room was very nice, clean, good size , and the bathroom was excellent with tub/sep shower, dual sinks, sep watercloset. Not a fan of overpriced mini-bars but glad there was one in the room anyway. Its time that prices were reasonable for those items ! Geeze... anyway.  The entire property is well kept, clean, beautiful with displays , staff were great to interact with , restaurant servers, door men, elevator security staff,  dealers, pool staff , etc.  I did wish they would have the security move youngsters away from the entrance to the elevators though vs bottlenecking up. This ocurred a couple of times.  Pools were clean and sparkely waters. 1st day down I just used a lounge chair and had an issue with waitstaff not wanting to take order since I was not in "their" section??  Crazy.. thats not 5star service. This did not occur the next day as I had reserved day bed at the adult only pool and experienced excellent service.  SW steakhouse is a must if you go, excellent meal and staff , but it will cost you $$$$$$$. Especially if you buy a bottle of wine. I enjoyed the spa but they seem to promote "room temperature waters" vs having cold bottled water and snacks about. For the Wynn, I was expecting juices/soda/coffee/tea/fruit etc. and there was some of these but not really extensive. I thought the lounge area was lacking too.. just my take. Massage was typical, and actually was a little sub-par based on past experiences, but it really depends on your technician. Had a great time gambling but felt that beginners  who interfered with an ongoing craps game should have been instructed better to not reach into the game , place bets incorrectly-- I'm all for someone learning a new game but maybe a fully rolling table on a streak is not the place to jump in an test the waters - there were other tables available also . Give the Wynn a shot if you want an excellent hotel/casino , I would stay here again over and over and believe most will find this hotel outstanding!
5	Truly lovely,Wynn is a much younger, hipper more relaxing resort than Bellagio or Venetian.  The pool has a unique layout, 2 stories and spread out across a large area with landscaping and plenty of lounges.  I have stayed at Mandalay, Bellagio, Venetian, Monte Carlo, Mirage, TI and would recommend this over the rest.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars because like the ratings say it was "A-OK"  I'm not sure if I am at the "Yay! I'm a fan" stage. The room was smaller than some of the other hotels and I didn't like the telephone remote controlled lights that either all went on.. or all went off.. you were either blinded by the light or sitting in the dark unless you changed the settings on all the switches and walked over to the light switch by the door to turn off the lights above the drapes and hallway, kind of defeated the purpose of having remote controlled lights. The heater was also controlled by the telephone remote but no matter how warm I set it.. that darn room was cold!  Another instance where you had to walk over to the master switch and change the settings... (sigh) The bathrooms were nice and spacious and the room was clean but the bed sheets were messy.. maybe you aren't suppose to notice they weren't tucked in nice and neat but I'm weird like that especially in a $$$$ hotel.  The mini fridge was fully stocked, over priced and came with a warning.. don't touch for more than 60 seconds or charges will  automatically be charged to your room..but it is Vegas.  They did have a leather sofa but the kind I really hate.. you know you sit on it and if you move it sounds like you ... well you know.. it was noisy! The hotel itself was nice, I guess, if you like flowers this is the place for you. With all the flowers you would think this place would smell like flowers and it doesn't.. strange.  The halls did smell like flowers though which made me wonder if they pumped that smell in through the vents. The elevators were stuffy i guess they don't have air conditioning in them.  I was just glad it wasn't hot when we visited. Maybe if the doors where left open on the ground floor when they weren't being used that would help with the stuffiness.  The gym was nice but they could use more elliptical machines. I was surprised at all the fingerprints on the doors and framed advertising photos... again my weirdness is showing.  Maybe they don't care what people that park their own cars think of cleanliness.. I swear the whole time we stayed in Vegas those were the same prints. I'm not the gambler, my husband is, so I can't comment on the casino. Would I stay here again? I guess I would  now that I have the lights and heater figured out and if they offered me some type of deal.  But, it is at the very end of the strip so I might want to stay closer to the action if I'm going to pay $$$$.
5	So many reasons to love Wynn, even more so after spending this last weekend in a different hotel and wanting to kick myself for not sticking with my fave.  No matter--lesson learned.  Wynn is the brightest, most cheerful and beautiful of all the hotels, in my humble opinion, and Parasol Down is the best place for drink, anywhere.  Parasol Down also has the best, most gracious, most thoughtful server in the universe--Carissa.  I hope I'm spelling her name correctly, but she deserves all the praise I can muster:  My boyfriend had a medical emergency while we were there and she totally took care of us and made everyone feel so much better.  She was amazing BEFORE we had a issue, too--seriously the best service we've ever received.  Everyone at Wynn was outstanding, and I'm never staying anywhere again.  Don't spend your hard-earned money at other places--it's just not worth it when you'll be so much happier here!
4	Good high end hotel to stay at or visit the stores or gamble.  Rooms are a bit pricey, but if you are looking for a luxury hotel then it's not bad. It's towards the end of the strip so not a good location if you plan on walking to the strip.
2	Hotel is beautiful and if you want to stay at a place where you will be treated like shit, this is the place for you. I stayed here last year and it took me an hour and a half to check in at what they like to call the VIP check in.  Believing it was an isolated instance, I came back this year. I reserved an $800 suite four months ago and it is now 5:00 pm and the room is still not ready. The staff and manager offer no accommodations or apologies and their attitude is that if I don't like paying for a room that I don't get to use, I should stay somewhere else. I assured them that I would on all future stays.
5	The Wynn Hotel is a gem in Las Vegas.  The theme is very different from other hotels in Vegas and maybe that's why I love it.
4	I don't come here often, but when I do, I remember just how great a hotel this place is! It's absolutely great to just walk around and admire the interior design and gamble a bit!
5	My sister is always getting free rooms here because she has racked up enough gambling points on her card here so they are always sending here some sort of promotional letter telling her she has earned a free two or three night stay at their hotel so we are always staying here for free..Now really do you think this is really coming out to be a FREE stay for us? By the time we have gambled more at their hotel they got their money's worth from all of us. But i do love the Big Rooms that we have stayed when we have been given these free nights with her, the rooms are huge, the televisions are 42" flat screens with all the fancy internet connections if we need them, the mini bar is filled for us and is complimentary for our use, two queen size beds, bath robes, everything was very classy and modern. They also have two restaurants that are very good in the hotel and the room service was excellent. This is a great Hotel!
5	Stayed here during a conference (office paid for it yay). A beautiful hotel indeed. I stayed in the tower suite and it's great. The bed was great, had a great sleep. The room exceeded my expectation, the bathroom was bigger that I expected. Blows me away compared to the hotel from the day before. The staff and service were exceptional. The valet will take some time though (10 minutes wait time, well you can go "people watching"). Also free coffee at Tableau every morning from 7AM. I don't gamble so can't  give review on the casino
5	The best pool I've ever seen!This place is simply luxury personified!  The rooms are specatular.  Beauty abounds!
5	5 -stars.  I thought long and hard about this and will take a different approach than the other reviews here.  I'll address the bad reviews you might see in the wynn/encore pages and then do my review.The focus of the 1 star reviews center on primarily 4 items1. Noise - There is noise and bass from the clubs, this is true. It is not unreasonable for you to expect and have reasonable quiet in your room to sleep.  When staying at the Wynn request a high up floor facing the golf course and as far south as possible.  This puts you as far from the club music as possible and I never heard anything during my 3 stays here.  People also complain about noise from their neighbors.  The Wynn, like all other hotels is not sound proof.  If your neighbor enjoys hookers and yelling, you are going to hear it. It's just bad luck.  Yell back, it's fun.  Try having your spouse go into an adjoining room at home and do sexy moans, you will hear it.  No different than any other hotel with a randy neighbor.  2. Charges - This takes the form of two things: resort fees and deposits.  They charge you $25 in resort fees.  Stupid, yes.  Ripoff, yes. They will tell you that everyone else is doing it, which they are.  Look past this.  They should bake this cost into the room rate, but for whatever reason, they don't.  Two days ago you were cleaning diapers, now you are at the European pool, playing blackjack, buzzed and looking at the talent.  You can afford it.  As for room deposits, they do put $150 on hold on your credit card for incidentals.  If $150 blocked out on your credit card is enough to max your card out, you may want to reassess your vacation budgeting.  3. Service - Some people complain about being treated poorly.  I don't see it and suspect the source my have a part to play.  I'm sure bad things happen, but I have yet to have had a bad encounter.  I have never received anything but the up most attention and politeness to my requests.  I am pretty low maintenance, but drinks are fast, doors are held, and smiles are given.4. Location - It's at the end of the strip but you knew that right?  When you reserved the hotel?  You knew you would have to walk or take a cab to go to Mandalay right?ReviewAll of the other reivews you will read about the Wynn are correct.  It's great, you can't get much better.  The hotel is classy without any sort of gaudy theme.  It smells nice. Rooms are clean and spacious.  The spa is tops and worth the obnoxious price.  Go to the European pool during the day and look at the convertibles.  Some you want to see, others you don't.  But fun none the less.  Black jack is six deck, split aces once and all others up to 3 times.  3-2 on blackjack.  Standard rules, but good rules.  The poker room service is great.  Comfortable chairs, excellent polite dealers, fast chip runners, and fast and easy pots if you wait for the right hand.  Food very good, can't go wrong anywhere, but it is pricey.  Hope this helps.
5	Love this place, our room was breathtaking, we signed up a few years ago for specials and were going for a wedding and lucked out with an offer the same time we were going. It was I believe $160 a night for a delux panoramic view, $50 hotel credit, two tickets to the circ show, ext. Whata deal, we never wanted to leave our room! The staff was top notch and beat our expectations. Hope to get another letter soon!!!
5	Wowwww!  That's all you can say when you walk into the lobby the first time.  Upscale as is expected for a Steve Wynn property.  The rooms, service and restaurants are all top notch.  The rooms have breathtaking views with every amenity you can imagine.  Loved the auto on control panel for lights, drapes and air as you walk in.  I will definitely make the Wynn a regular spot from now on.   Check in took a little longer than expected on a weekday which was surprising but otherwise no other complaints.  I will be back as soon as I can,  Looooved it!
4	The Wynn Hotel is nice.  Their rooms are always clean, but are on the small side for the steep prices.  What I'm obsessed, absolutely obsessed is with their lunch buffet.  I have to say their buffet is the best on The Strip.  A group of us have taken our time to sample all the major hotel buffets on The Strip, and by far, The Wynn trumps them all. If any has any doubt, please try the clam chowder.  I'm in love.  And so is my brother, who when we had our wedding there and hosted a lunch buffet as an event, he decided to stay after the group was finished eating, so that he could eat more.  (Now, this is one skinny guy and I'm not sure how he could stuff all this food down...but he did.)  There's a huge variety of fresh food, from sushi, Chinese, Italian, American, prime rib, seafood, pizza, salad, desserts, cold cuts, soup, and more.  The food is never stale because there's so many people always eating the food. Get there early, because the lines can get long...or at least be patient, because it's definitely worth the wait!  The long line can be deceiving...the wait can be quite quick!
5	Stayed here on a weekend for work. The tower suites are fantastic. Killer view of the golf course. The best beds I have ever slept on, hands down. You can buy them for around $3000, worth every penny. This is pretty far from where we like to be on the strip (New York, New York is our spot to gamble) but it was worth the walk. Lobbies are all fantastic, rooms are super nice. When gambling on the floor we were drinking Grey Goose, not the cheap stuff that other casinos bring you. Only complaint I have is that the rooms facing the strip are loud almost all night. I know Vegas is loud, but for $250 a night on a corporate discounted rate I expect a certain level of quiet. We would stay here again if for nothing else the beds.
5	One word. Gorgeous.  I parked in self-parking.  There was plenty of it and it wasn't far from rooms.  Also, it was well patrolled.  Every time I came in or out I saw a police cruiser in motion not just parked idly by. Staff at front desk were friendly upon check-in.  Stayed here for a work conference and got a great deal on corporate rate compliments of my company.  Room was ridiculously amazing!  Stayed on the 38th floor so got an awesome view. Everything (drapery, sheers, lighting, AC, etc) is electronic and linked to a remote control that had 2 panels (one when you first walk in by the door and another by the bed for easy access.  The room was huge and the bed extremely comfy.  The bathroom was something out a movie with 2 sinks, separate shower and tub with jets.  I took a bubble bath and almost drowned as it was soooooo deep!  Had to quickly grasp the sides, hold on for dear life and save myself otherwise I wasn't gonna make it!  There was confusion regarding paying for wireless.  I called to confirm it was included only to be told at check-out it wasn't.  After a few minutes of investigating the charges were removed and I was taken care of.  Excellent customer service!  Would definitely stay here again!
4	I stayed at the Wynn on a birthday a few years ago.  The room was nice (from what I can remember) but it wasn't 5 star to me. I think I prefer the rooms at Encore better as they are newer and bigger than the room we stayed in at the Wynn.  We ate at Red 8 and I was rather disappointed.  I had been wanting to try it for some time now and I was let down.  I felt that the food was greatly Americanized and lacking of flavor.  I've also dined at Alex, which is now closed, and it was exceptionally exquisite and a grandiose affair.  I loved the beautiful staircase entry way that led down to a romantic, ballroom style dining area.  I remember the food being better than our recent lavish dinner at Picasso at the Bellagio, however it was a few years ago so maybe I'm not remembering correctly.  Anyways, it's closed now so I guess it doesn't matter. My husband and I often do little staycations in Vegas. Here's a tip- Bring some bottles of booze with you so you can make your own drinks in your room before spending a fortune at the bars! We always stop by a fun bar/liquor store called Office Bar (which is a half mile from the airport on the way to the Strip) and buy a few bottles before checking into our hotel. We've stayed at all of the nice hotels on the Strip and I would not say that the Wynn is the best.  It is at the top of the list but there are better places; the Cosmopolitan, Mandarin Oriental, Encore, and the Palazzo, (also Aria and the Signature at MGM but I would rate Aria and the Signature below the Wynn)
4	Nice service. Spacious rooms. Kind of on the outskirt of the strip, so it's a bit calmer. Typical hotel. Great prices. Only stayed here for a night, so there's not much to say or complain about. Even though I stayed here over 5 years ago they are still sending me mail.
4	It is a very luxurious hotel, it is upscale and very beautiful. The rooms are spectacular, the bathrooms had a his and her sink, the room it self just looked amazing. They have a really great spa for relaxation, and an amazing pool. The best fine dining restaurant was Bartolotta we had the pleasure of meeting chef Paul great guy so humorous. I think you would really enjoy this hotel.
5	One of the best hotels in Las Vegas!  They have one of the best buffet here in Las Vegas, The Buffet.  Best nightclub, XS Nightclub.  A few great restaurants as well!
5	I love the Wynn and the Encore.  I don't always go to Vegas, but when I do, you can bet that you will see me at one of these hotels.  I like the fact that it's on the strip but a little more secluded and a little less nuts but still walking distance to all the action.
3	It is a beautiful resort, with classy decor and relaxing music playing throughout, none of that cheesy pop music or rock they play at a lot of casinos at 7am when you just want to enjoy a glass of Merlot and feel like a high roller.
5	- Wynn and Encore are so posh, walking thru them is a vicarious way to see how the well-to-do lives.  There's a small waterfall in front of the Wynn which I always walk past on my way from the Palazzo street corner past the Wynn to Fashion Show Mall.
5	This is a classy, tasteful resort hotel. Every detail is attended to. There are security guards located throughout the complex, making me feel safe.  All the employees are friendly and helpful. The rooms are large, comfortable and beautifully decorated. The casino is tasteful and not dark, like so many casinos is Vegas. I have been though almost every hotel in Vegas and this is by far the most elegant and beautiful.
5	Mmmmmm what can I say , it's the Best nicest and beautiful Casino in Vegas.
3	This last stay June 8-10 was less than wonderful when checking in. We were moved from one dirty room to another room to a final room which  still had a musty odor. took us over 2 hours to finally get checked in and settled in to our room with waiting in the hallway for over 30 minutes. They staff is very nice and helpful and i guess they did their best to help mitigate our problem. We saw Le Reve which is amazing and at their seafood restaurant, Lakeside, Superb! Then came the gambling: I played for over 10 hours and they only had me down for 4 1/2 hours. Very frustrating when you are trying to get rated and regularly play. They tried to make it right after speaking to a casino manager, but only gave me nominal credit to go away for play i have been fully comped in the past. I like the hotel, but will be gambling elsewhere in the future and probably staying somewhere else too.
5	We just completed a week long stay at the Wynn where we were blissfully pampered by the lovely and accommodating staff. On top of this we had a room in one of the upper floors with a view of the strip, it was just stunning!! Floor to ceiling windows, a big comfy bed, a white leather couch, a tv that rotates to your position. Wow. The bathroom is huge and has a nice soaking tub, stand up glass shower and make up station. The sound proofing could have been better, we could hear our neighbors in the room next door. They weren't being loud, just normal getting ready volume but we could hear that. The pool is huge and beautiful and easily accessible which I really appreciated. The whole hotel is just very well thought out, no fake cheap flowers or ugly dusty decorations or dingy stale smell. It was clean, bright and just above and beyond any other hotel on the strip, I would know I have stayed at several of them over the years. This is my first time writing a review for a hotel on the strip because I was THAT impressed. If the Wynn happens to be in your budget, stay here, you will be glad you did.
5	one of our favorite places to stay in LV
3	This hotel is fine but my room was not noticeably different from $200 rooms I've had elsewhere.
5	I remember trying to check out the place when it first opened but it was literally impossible since every other tourist had the same idea.Fast forward some years later and I get sent here by work for a conference. Hadn't been to Vegas in a while, and prefer to stay at Mandalay. But my oh my, when I walked into my room on the tower side of the Wynn it felt like the heavens opened when my floor-to-ceiling-to-wall-to-wall shutters automatically opened to reveal a view of downtown from the 36th floor. it was a room that easily would've fit four of the same room I'd just stayed in during my last business trip to Germany. I did one of those kid freak-outs onto the bed. For the room alone I'd go back. The restaurants are great - try Sugar and Ice -, conference space expansive, and just oh so we'll done. I can't truly do this place justice simply because I didn't have time to see it all. I could've spent all my time just in the room and would've been happy.
4	I don't know where to start, by far the best hotel I have ever been to. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful when we arrived.The room was gorgeous!!! Will post pictures soon! The prices are high here but you really pay what you get for. I will definitely be back again and i don't mind paying 300+a night here. The casino and lobby area is beautiful. SW steakhouse was amazing. i keep jumping one thing to another because i don't know what to talk about first. POOL area was beautiful. Next time i go i must get a cabana, only $300 a day. -1 star for the valet parking. Let me just say we lost our ticket to get the car back and my name wasn't on the insurance card nor the registration so they gave us a REALLY hard time to get me the car. after 45 min of trying to match my CC #'s to the receipts inside the car we finally got them to bring the car out.being a 5 star hotel you would think they would have better way to verify if the car was mine or not. Check the cameras and see who dropped off the car. They had the other piece of the slip with them with exact time and date when i had arrived. instead of making a scene and making people around think i'm some fool trying to get someone else s car out of the valet.
4	I stayed here a couple of times for Blackhat and DEFCON because I got really tired of the Rio and wanted to try something new and the Wynn was offering some great deals.So far, from an overall perspective, this must have been the best hotel I've stayed in in Vegas. The rooms are gorgeous and pack some nice tech. Want to regulate lights, windowblinds etc.? There's a panel for that. On your nightstand.Service was decent as well. Rooms were very clean and tidy and the personell down at the reception was exceptionally friendly and courteous. They will gladly try to upgrade your room if you ask nicely. An additional twenty won't hurt, though.IMPORTANT: The Wynn will place a charge for a security deposit on your card. When I was there, this was about 220 USD per night. If you got a low balance on your travel credit card, consider this or you'll have a hard time checking in.There are plenty of decent hotels in Vegas, but if the deal is alright, the Wynn is a fine choice.
5	When I was about 12 my mom and step-dad took me to Las Vegas, it was a quick weekend trip for a friend's wedding at the Excalibur (gross). But afterwards, they asked me where I wanted to go and I told them two places, Circus Circus, and that shiny white and gold Mirage place.That was when I fell in love with Steve Wynn. Yeah, he's like... older than my dad and even my current imaginary boyfriend, Geddy Lee. But it's not like that; it was because walking into the Mirage took me somewhere else so beautiful I still remember the impact it had on me at 12 years of age. I knew that I was somewhere special. I was no longer in a building in the middle of hot, dusty, ugly Las Vegas, no. The Wynn does the same thing to me at 30. I've been to quite a few beautiful places in my life time, but nothing like this. This is the most breathtaking man-made place I have ever been in and I am so in love. Not only did Mr. Wynn build me a casino with stunning red crystal chandeliers and stick my favorite flowers, hydrangeas, everywhere, he covered things in glitter, glass mosaics, and gold. And then he said "Hey Amanda, I know you're trying to hard to be a good vegan so we'll throw in a vegan menu at all of the restaurants okay baby?" And I was like "Okay."And then Mr. Wynn was all like, "I know you used to work for Tiffany & Co. and you've seen everything there so I'm going to give you something better and put Graff jewelers in there for you. But baby, I know how much you like shoes so I'm going to give you a store that has Christian Louboutin and Jimmy Choo and then you get a Louis Vuitton, too."No man has ever made me feel more loved.
1	I made such a bad decision by going to "THE BUFFET" @ the wynn because of its looks!  I waited in line for almost 45 mins, paid over $30 for a plate. This buffet was a joke in the salad bar area. All they had was ceasar salad :(...... And the only area that really lived up to the buffet meaning was the dessert area!!! Not what I was looking for at 12 noon. This place has more hype than anything
1	So there I stayed here for 3 days recently.. The rooms were amazing best I have ever been in! The reason it has one star is because I was there with my husband and every time I would walk away from him In the evening for only a second a prostitute would approach him. A very obvious prostitute! For the price of this place they can afford security. I will NOT come back. It is disrespectful of the guests and me as a paying coustomer
1	Clean but it is really just like the Bellagio.  Keep in mind this place does not comp drinks when you are at the tables or on the machines.  A bartender said this was Steve Wynn's idea.  One bright spot is Sinatra's Restaurant.  A class act.  Besides that this place is over price and over rated
1	THEFT IN "PARADISE" I traveled to Vegas for 4th of July weekend with a group. We found a tower suite at the Wynn that worked for us. First, night life at both Wynn and Encore are handled separately from general hotel operations and as a result a premium guest pays as much, if not more than non-guests or passers-by. To the main point, while lounging at the Encore pool, someone STOLE my phone, wallet, and shirt.  The security team's response was so slow and PISS POOR that even with a million cameras literally everywhere, they couldn't find our stuff. The response from management has been so sub-par I feel like I would have been better off staying at some rat-hole motel. This place is NOT worth the money. Everyone has been totally unprofessional and not a single effort was made to help or accommodate us.  Think twice before staying at the Wynn/ Encore.
5	Tower Suites.  Wynn.  Yes.
1	We stayed in Encore for two night.Definitely, it' the worst one we ever stayed!We found two blood spots on the sheet when we got up because of the loud noise at midnight. It's not our, so disgusting!!!We called them, after waiting for more then 1 hour, a manger came, it's 1 am! He said he will asked the person in charge of this to contact us. But the next day no one contacted us, we call them again. After a long time  waiting, a officer came. Asked us to write down the complaint. We provide everything he asked and he said the complaint manger would call us soon.After a whole day waiting, no one called us. We call the complaint office before we checked out. The complaint manger didn't admit it and hinted the blood spots were caused by us. This made us very angry, but we have no time to argue with them, we need to drive for 10 hours back.How bad experience we met in Encore!!! The worst hotel and worst service we ever met, we will never choose Encore and Wynn!In addition, it's noisy in the rooms in one side of the hotel! Hope it will be helpful when you plan to LV.
5	Wynn the  best hotel and service , we will come back  with my friend .
4	***CASINO REVIEW ONLY***Celebrity spotting, Lebron James and Johnny Chan. Clean, elegant and fabulous. Found my lucky machine, didn't win much but with 5 bucks on a penny slot, I won $30 bucks! Not bad for a penny machine. Clean machines, super friendly and helpful staff and the cocktail waitresses are always there asking you if you need another drank before you finish. =)
1	This is a review of the Wynn hotel. Not the clubs or restaurants. I stayed in the Wynn for EDC week. We had 2 suites for 8 days each. Yes I know 8 days in Vegas?!? Damn! So why the 1 star? THEFT in BOTH ROOMS. We come back to our room and notice our shoes had been rearranged. We thought it was weird, considering we left them neat. * Board shorts, stolen out of the dirty clothes bag* A bunch of Victoria Secret underwear* While at our lily pad at Encore Beach Club flip flops stolen.Then the hotel concierge hands us these nasty little brown prison looking slippers, and says, " Sir, you can;t go in the hotel barefoot." ... "uh OK! , I wouldn't be effin barefoot if someone in your Club hadn't jacked my flip flops.So back home after reporting the 3 incidents of theft and a few days pass. I receive a letter and it has a claim number, no items were ever recovered, And the hotel states that they determines there was no hotel personnel misconduct. REALLY?! THEFT in the room is NOT considered misconduct?The letter closes with, sorry for the inconvenience.Lame, and we will NOT be RETURNING!Hey Wynn, What happens in Vegas doesn't stay in Vegas anymore!.
5	The Wynn is by far my favorite hotel I've yet to stay in on the strip. The rooms are gorgeous, all of the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly, and the whole environment feels fresh and clean. I have a hard time with a great deal of cigarette smoke and have noticed that other (generally older) hotels do not have great air filtration and circulation but that was not the case here. Encore Beach Club is a great place for pool parties especially now that Above & Beyond has a residency :) Call me a little biased but hey, I know great music when I hear it. The other pool areas are also very nice and feel very spacious. I'm pretty sure the two days we stayed here we didn't even leave the hotel. We enjoyed the pools, the clubs, the casino and the A M A Z I N G buffet! Definitely recommend for future travelers who are trying to find a great place to stay. Don't be too alarmed by the room prices either, there are websites where you can find great deals for this hotel.
5	"Wonderful Place to Get Pampered"Stayed at the Wynn from June 30, 2013 through July 9, 2013. The entire hotel staff were the most courteous people ever. Always treated us like we were special. This is the second time we've stayed at the Wynn, but this time was the best ever. The room was spectacular, the amenities such as the gym were the greatest, the pool was superb and the service at all the locations was superior to any other we've experienced. If you want to enjoy Las Vegas and be pampered the Wynn is the place to go. However, on a separate note there is one down side and this is the Casino.The Casino comps are virtually non-existent for the average player and do not promote good business client development. The "Casino Host" was not customer service oriented and did not make any effort in promoting future patronization. As I stated before, the Wynn is the best hotel ever and I'd stay there again just to enjoy the ambiance, amenities, and the fine restaurants. Room Tip: Try to stay on the 28th through the 60th floors facing the strip. Excellent views!!!! Stayed July 2013, traveled as a couple
4	OVERVIEWWe had an excellent stay and would return. For the most part, we were treated with the utmost professionalism and made to feel special. The casino and resort are lovely, and our criticisms not deal-breaking.ZOOZACRACKERSThey must be taking the NYC deli theme seriously between the service, prices and portions!We visited twice. Food was inconsistent. The bread fell apart, and the meat was bone-dry. Mushroom-barley soup was delish! On the 2nd visit, the cashier seemed impatient, and we had to wait 15 minutes for our food to arrive. Overpriced for the small(ish) portions. SW STEAKHOUSEIt was a special night for my sister's 50th birthday. Delicious food, ambiance and our server Corey and sommelier Fabrice were pros. The hostess seemed bored and didn't look clients in the eye when talking. I hear that's normal for Vegas.ROOM SERVICERoom service was a pleasure: exceptional server (I wish I could remember her name), good food, an impressive set up and recall of every detail of our order. It was like a restaurant "pop up" right in our room. No one returned to clean up after the meal, even though we gave the server a specific time, so the dishes stayed there for a full day. Even still, I'd say this was the best room service that I've had in Vegas. If we hadn't been entertaining family, we would have ordered-in more, enjoyed the view and privacy and skipped bummers like Zoozacrackers.SPA (at Encore)My sister enjoyed her massage and facial, and I enjoyed a day pass. Well worth the money. The facility was clean and elegant; although the cool-water pools look worn and dated: more backyard-1980s than opulent 5-star resort. Management should consider upgrading them. The steam room was excellent -- best I've experienced. I only wish that you'd add a snow room like Caesars. Then, I'd likely consider it my favorite Vegas spa.THE POOLS (Wynn)The outside pool area is impeccable: beautiful landscaping, clean lounge area, good pool-side service. Didn't enjoy the young kids playing in the pool, splashing water in my face several times, but didn't feel like planting myself in the "European" topless area either. Wish the pool (on the Wynn side) stayed open later. That would have been fantastic.THE BUFFETI was excited to visit the Wynn buffet, but I was underwhelmed. Nothing we ate was particularly memorable, and I didn't feel compelled to return for seconds. We were scratching our heads on the absence of a full salad and fruit bar or designated breakfast station at 10:30 a.m.. Even though I'm a foodie, I like buffets to stick with the basics. Not that I'm expecting Hometown Buffet or Souplantation (!), but the point of a buffet is to be able to make my own plate, not go around picking tapas-sized items like I'm ordering off an upscale, eclectic restaurant menu. We also had a space-cadet server who always returned with the wrong drinks or forgot us altogether. He never made conversation. The hostesses at the front were overworked and cranky. Though we could tell that the Wynn really wanted its buffet to live up to its Wynn brand, it just didn't get there. We weren't impressed.ROOM COMFORTWe had a very clean, well apportioned panoramic view of the golf course. Thank you! The iPod station was missing its cord. (HK fixed the later issue promptly.) Bed linens were delightful. The robes and towels were thick and plush but a little too scratchy for my taste. I'd rather have smaller, thinner towels if it means they're soft. An enormous Brillo pad doesn't do anyone any good.
5	My first stay at Wynn was simply- AMAZING! I can't begin on how intricate and detail the gorgeous interior design is, how hospitable the staff is, and how perfect my trip was from check in to check out. The Wynn pool is very relaxing. In our cabana, we were taken care of by Joe who made sure to stop by frequently, which was appreciated. Joe was comfortable with the menu, which made our order much easier. Food: I ordered the Berry Smoothie with no dairy, using pineapple juice as a base instead of yogurt! Additionally, I had the Garden Pita. The Garden Pita was SO good that I've been making it at home ever since! (Almost a week now!) The Garden Pita is prepared with a variety of fresh veggies stuffed into a fluffy, warm pita along with red pepper hummus. Seriously. SO good! Our table shared a fresh Guacamole, Salsa, and Chips dish that was prepared very nicely. I usually love guacamole more, but the salsa was really really delicious! The pool itself was busy but still was quite relaxing. After a short while, we ventured into the European pool hoping to have more fun with the blackjack tables, bar, and topless pool. The tables were good, the drinks were refreshing (I had a non-alcoholic pineapple juice), and the crowd was younger/more exciting. There was only one person who was taking advantage of the "European" experience, but it was a comfortable atmosphere for those who are interested.
1	The bar doesn't comp drinks. Well, charge us $20.50 for a gin and tonic and rum and coke and we'll go lose $100 somewhere else.
3	Still a beautiful property and good service most of the time, but for such a storied resort, surprisingly service had gotten spotty when I was marooned here by Virgin America two weeks ago (and since). Looking at the Yelp trend, I wonder whether they undertook cost-cutting on compensation about 6 months ago.
5	Awesome stay!
3	- As fancy as a Casino gets, almost ever- High quality rooms, rarely discounted, totally not worth the bloated price- Spotless bathrooms- Vegan Friendly?  (Not sure)- NOT Child Friendly....Why this last point, you might ask.  Sit down, lemme tell you a story:Sometime in 2010, Steve Wynn became an enlightened vegan, making sure that every restaurant in his casinos would accommodate vegans with one or more superb dishes (garden salads and grilled veggies don't count), making the Wynn a guaranteed destination on our family's twice-a-year Vegas pilgrimage.  We especially craved their "Pizza Place" restaurant until, that is, our last visit:  Having shoved our stroller down the scorching strip  "Sir!  You can't come in with that!" snapped one of their suited security sentinels.Sea of heads shifting towards us.   I felt the sharp feeling of injustice in my gut, like when a hard fought civil right law whose 'truth's we find to be self-evident' is being breached right there in front of you.  Swallowing my pride, I responded to the stroller Nazi saying that "Bro... we're just going to go to the Pizza Place right smack-dab right next to the entrance [of the mini-mall]"  Looking at our dehydrated faces, he said "Well, only if  you JUST go to the restaurant", eyeing our every move. Looking back, I felt cheap in having to convince him.  My moral backbone should have jerked me and my family away from that establishment, filed a case in constitutional court, and won untrammeled rights for strolling parents to go as they please...but our taste buds had the fever for the flavor and had accumulated some indelible, insatiable pizza expectations.  In any case, we entered the mall and dive bombed into the restaurant, noticing a change in the decor, thinking nothing of it, walking to the counter, and ordering my GO DAMN pizza from the same cashier that always recognized us and made us feel comfortable."OMG, SORRY, everything is changed" she said once she recognized us.  My whole family entered a state of shock when we realized that our beloved vegan vegas pizza variety had vanished.  I later found-out, through the grape vine via a local restaurateur, that Steve Wynn recently had a change of heart and wasn't Vegan anymore.  I also learned through TripAdvisor that, the real reason they don't want strollers is because they are eye sores for the elite, the policy coming straight from Mr. Wynn himself.  I read stories of other humiliating stroller denials, one where a wife was held captive outside without a phone, unable to meet her husband who was attending a medical conference in the casino, almost missing their flight before finally getting an exception.  Shame on them!  I guess shouldn't be too harsh.  I mean, I used to one of those uncompassionate assholes that once thought that the only restaurant parents should take their toddlers to is Chuck E Cheese, getting irritated on a flight if a child started crying, flashing a passive aggressive scowl in the parent's direction on the way off the plane.  But then I had kids and the roles reversed, and now, instead of irritation, I feel compassion for my fellow parents, and their lack of mobility.  They should be able to go anywhere the general public is allowed.  I get it why they can't be on the casino floor, but a mini mall? Three stars because this spotless structure does many things right on an aesthetic front, taking you into that warped Vegas-ian massive luxury overdose reality; the casino is posh, shiny, vibrantly colorful, floral and antiseptic in a world that includes so much asymmetry, smudges and shades of grey.   Attention is paid to every detail - if you drop some trash, watch how it takes about 4 minutes before it is picked up.  And I heard from another Yelper that there are still vegan options at the other Wynn restaurants, though I can't confirm this since I never made that far (and I don't think that chap was a vegan himself.)  But subtract two stars because I can't forget that, ultimately, the beauty of the burnished marble Corinthian columns all of a sudden becomes ugly when it coexists with such an ugly policy. You see, you don't gain class by banning parents with strollers - you lose it.
5	I love this hotel.Sure it is pricey, but you get what you pay for.It may not be the best atmosphere for someone my age, 24, but I usually go with my Mom & friends, so we get sweet hook ups on rooms.Just overall a very nice place with great pools & clubs. Wish they had some cheaper gambling tables. But all and all the best hotel in Vegas with amazing staff
5	I am in love with this hotel. I love it so much. Our room was decadent, crisp, clean, creamy, and luscious. Bed was the best thing I've ever crawled into. I loved that they laid out our bathrobes and turned on a screensaver of nature shots. This place beat our room at the Bellagio by 2 stars. I was in heaven and I wish I lived at the Wynn (Vegas is gross, though). I visited Tryste, the nightclub, when I was in college, and it was one of my all time best experiences! I also won 9$ at the Wynn.Steve Wynn's voice is a little weird and intense-- we heard him in ever taxi we got into.
3	We loved almost everything about the Wynn.The rooms, the baths, the room technology, the service, the beds, the restaurants (pricey but good), the decor (amazing!!!!), the casino, the stores (! the stores! Penhaligon at Apothecary...I hadn't found it in the US and always have to order online). Beautiful place and we got put on the 60th floor with a stunning view.HowEVER. Our stay was seriously marred by a bunch of really young kids in the hot tub at the pool. We mentioned something to the lifeguard, who followed us to the hot tub, looked at the large group of 7-10 year olds in the hot tub, and walked away. About a minute after she "took care of the situation"?  One of the kids started doing snot shots in the hot tub. Yes, really, a 10 year old doing snot shots in the hot tub at the Wynn. It would have been funny if we hadn't been IN THE TUB at the time.
5	The hotel is spectacular! The lobby with the indoor garden, the bars, restaurants and pool were just amazing.Definitely coming back even after rewarding myself for paying off my student loan. Yeah, I said it!
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas!!I've stayed at the Wynn multiple times and it always impresses me. The rooms are beautiful and it doesn't matter which side of the hotel you get because you either have a legit view of Las Vegas Blvd or you get to see the beautiful golf course and Wynn pool. Personally I like the golf course side because it's nice to see some green and water when you are in the middle of the desert haha. The beds in the rooms are so soft and luxurious. I love the duvets and sheets because they are so soft and the pillows are really fluffy. Everything is perfect and you are surrounded by sheer luxury. When you wander around the casino it has a very classy, European look to it. It's not crowded like some of the other hotels on the Strip so you feel like you can actually breathe and relax. There is ample room to walk and take in the chill ambiance around you.They have a koi pond next to the side entrance to the hotel which is legit, and let's not forget the amazing restaurants!! My favorite used to be Okada but they changed that to Mizumi which I haven't tried yet. Red 8 is quite good though and the buffet is nom too. The flower display at the main entrance is an awesome place to take pictures =)In the end I always enjoy visiting the Wynn. Even if I'm not staying there, it's worth the trip just to walk through and enjoy the hotel.
5	literally as good as it gets.  everything is spectacular.  everything is high quality.  wynn has become my most FAVORITE brand in vegas.ALSO - as a vegan - this is the BENCHMARK for all of las vegas.  EVERYTHING IS VEGAN - this is like my heaven.  literally the wynn in general is EVERYTHING. i wish i could give it 100 stars.
5	This is my new favorite hotel in Vegas. Stay in the Tower Suites for exceptional service! Top rated, lots of restaurants, cool fountains, and nice pools!
5	Came for the pool on a Sunday. Loved how large and varied the pool space is. Enjoyed a quiet start and then finished over by the DJ who was pumping out some pretty good jams.
5	Ok, this one is not short and sweet, but there's a lot to cover.I had some family in town so we decided to do a little stay-cation sans mini-me(s).  After much debate, we all finally agreed on the Wynn; mostly because of the location (across the street from Fashion Show Mall and the Venetian/Palazzo).  First, the hotel:  It is gorgeous.  Gorgeous and classy.  The rooms were large enough to include a spacious sitting area that would comfortably seat 5 adults (we didn't all stay in one room, but we all hung out together to visit/make plans/etc.  This is pretty standard for the major hotel/casinos on the strip, but still worth mentioning.  If you are a hotel guest, Wi-Fi is included in your resort fee for a couple of devices, but it's not the best signal.  Restaurants/Cafes: We wanted to grab a quick breakfast before spa day, so we stopped at the cafe on the Lobby level.  It was very busy, the line was out the door.  We ordered some baked goods (that were served cold), a smoothie, and an iced tea and then waited approximately 45 minutes to an hour for the drinks.  The barista was not filling orders as they came in, but rather whenever she felt like it and in whatever order she wanted.  As the orders kept piling up, she took a break to the back, cleaned the sink, counter, and dishes, and moved about with no purpose whatsoever.  It was disappointing.  I will say that on previous occasions, I dined at Allegro (after a show) and had a much different experience-- much better service and food.  Also, if you can't decide on a meal, the buffet is very nice (kinda noisy, but... it's a buffet) and has a very large selection and the food is high quality for a buffet. The POOL:  If you get to the hotel before check-in time, get yourself a pool pass and head to the pool.  If you can, reserve a CABANA!!!  It is $400 (summer rates) for the day.  It's a little open room with a mini-fridge (stocked with water, gatorade, and soft drinks--included in the price), TV, sofa, small table, chairs, and a patio with 4 loungers and a high-pressure misting system.  You also get a little fruit plate around lunch time that is also included in the cost.  There's an abbreviated menu for lunch and snacks though, and you can order drinks (for some of the stuff, gratuity is included--make sure to ask when they hand you the bills).  The attendants are AMAZING.  Our attendant (Kristin, I hope I spelled it right) even found us in the pool to ask if we needed/wanted anything, called to check on the status of our room (saving me a trip to the lobby), and was super friendly and professional.  She really set the bar for hostesses.  The pool itself was clean, quiet (reasonably so), and family friendly.  If you do bring children though, police them yourself.The Grown-ups' Pool (topless):  Located on the far end of the main pool, through the bar, this is an adults only area (21+).  You can also reserve a cabana here but the prices are different.  For the same price as the cabana at the main pool, we reserved SEATS (a large round lounger and 3 regular loungers).  You get water and gatorade, but it comes in an ice bucket and the service was much slower and less attentive than at the main pool.  The pool was dirty.  There were cups, straws, and large bits of food and drink garnishes (I stepped on a pineapple rind, french fries, and a pickle) floating around in it.  There were also several very drunk adults who NEVER LEFT the pool.  I don't know about you, but if I'm drinking all day long, at some point I usually need to go find a lavatory to relieve myself.  Um, yeah.  I will say that the lifeguards at this pool were very quick to respond to any incident.  The border around the pool is very slippery, the hubs fell getting into the pool and the lifeguard was there in about a half second to make sure he was alright.  Another lifeguard was quick to stop a developing game of chicken-fighting (some drunk girl climbed up on some drunk guy's shoulders, we were all waiting for her to fall off and knock her head on the edge of the pool).  Honestly, I was going to give this an overall 4-star rating but Kristin (our Cabana hostess) really did a fantastic job, so the 5-stars is for her.   Thanks for making our pool day the highlight of our stay-cation!
5	Dear Mr. Wynn....I think I love you! Thank you for bringing your brand of hotels into my life.The first time my husband and I went to Vegas, we stayed at Treasure Island  while a family member stayed across the street at The Wynn.  We stay at TI because it was a good price and not having any idea about the levels of hotels (total noobs!) and hierarchy of class on the strip, it seemed like a good option.TI was acceptable, but visiting our family member at The Wynn across the street was like entering an entirely different world. Everything just oozed class and money. For the remainder of our trip we spent as much time at The Wynn as we could. Hung out at the beautiful pools, ate in the restaurants and gambled at their tables. Fast forward 4 years and our next stay will be our 8th stay at The Wynn. It's the only way to do Vegas right.I know many people say that a hotel is just for resting your head, but The Wynn/Encore is an experience that everyone must have. Sure it's expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. Lush rooms, attentive staff, lovely views, beautiful pool, delicious restaurants and that Asian Rain smell they pipe into the casino is delectable!I wouldn't stay anywhere else on the strip. If for some reason we couldn't afford The Wynn/Encore, I'd just sooner not even go to Vegas. Also, where else would you find high rollers cashing out bricks of cash right in front of you?!Book it now!
5	I come here for the food and clubbing.  The ambiance is beautiful.  No strollers allowed not good for families with small children
4	This review is only for Le Rive.  The show was pretty much exactly what I expected.  Here is wasn't what you could assume: It had almost too much going on.  Can't look at everything at once.  Storyline wasn't exactly clear.  It more or less cleared up in the end.The part where the cast is swimming synchronously with the red heels without coming to the surface to breath was pretty cool.  The arena was pretty neat with the 360 degree view of the pool.
5	Wynn Las Vegas represents what a 5 Star Resort is all about.  Every detail in this hotel has been experimented with, thought about, and perfected through years of experience and knowledge from the Wynn team that built Mirage, Treasure Island, Bellagio and now Wynn and Encore Las Vegas.  The aspect that separates Wynn from the rest of the 5 Star resorts in the area (Venetian/Palazzo, Aria and Mandarin Oriental) is the level of personal service and attention you receive from every Wynn employee.  From the housekeeping staff to the Blackjack dealers, their job is to make your stay as comfortable as possible and to address any need you might have.  Another aspect of this hotel that is touched upon in several reviews is the atmosphere throughout the hotel.  The level of detail is over the top with the freshest of flowers throughout the resort, the spotless carpet in the Esplanade and Casino floor, the polished marble in the public bathrooms and the ornate and very expensive furniture found throughout the hotel.  Roger Thomas (head of Wynn Design) has spared no expense in decorating this hotel with pieces that are so unique yet so unassuming that there is something always to be discovered.  A table or chandelier at Wynn isn't just a typical piece that you'd find at Pottery Barn, most of these pieces have either been designed in house, commissioned or purchased at auction for your enjoyment from many places throughout the World.The Resort rooms (not the Tower Suites) are phenomenal!  Floor to ceiling windows, electronic light and window shade control and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on are just a few highlights of the standard Resort King.  While the amenities go even further in a Tower Suites room, the standard Resort King holds it's own quite well. The Wynn (and Encore) represents the Best in Las Vegas, period.  Staying here is an experience like no other and I can assure you that you will not be disappointed.
3	The hotel itself was wonderful. The rooms were beautiful and clean, and the food was great. However...we had a terrible experience with the hostess at Terrace Point Cafe, by the name of Vivian. When we first arrived, she told us we would be seated very shortly. It wasn't until another 15 groups after us that had been seated indoors (that came after us) that we asked her what was going on and when we would be seated. She responded in an extremely rude and impatient manner.  I was extremely appalled that a place of Wynn's caliber could hire such a terrible hostess.
5	Fantastic 3 night stay here!!! Excellent staff and I love the property. Our room was large and had a terrific view. The pool was so much fun and for dining I highly recommend Tableau and Andrea's. Worth it and will definitely be back!!!!
1	Las Vegas is hot, I wear tank tops and I came here to eat the delicious buffet that I heard greatly of, I've never been so discriminated against.. They told us we had to have shirts so our friends took the cloths off to cloth us, so we go in and I guess because of how we were dressed, they came to us asking us for our recipes as if we hadn't paid they saw them and finally left us alone and we ate in piece
5	This is as good as it's gonna gets for a Las Vegas Hotel. For This particular trip, I am staying in the Tower Suite which have a private Valet entrance. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The room was exceptional. I definitely am a Fan!!! They clean your room twice a day. Once in the morning and when i got back from dinner, the room was clean again. If you are staying at Wynn, I do recommend that you dine at Red8 and Botero!!! The food were exceptional
5	Just a fabulous experience all around.  The rooms are spacious, stylish, and very clean.  It's seems as though it's near impossible to get a bad view.   I have only one con, you can hear the bass from the nightclub music late at night (though it is nowhere near as bad as some of the reviews make it seem).  Aside from this, you get what you pay for..if it's in your budget, I would recommend staying at the Wynn or Encore.Here are all the things we loved about the Wynn:*Customer service-  everyone was friendly and eager to help.*Food- Tons of delicious food options (will post individual reviews)*The Bed- Slept like a baby every night in this amazingly decadent bed.*The clientele- In general, the other hotel guests were more refined than you find at other Strip resorts.  Of course there's always a few bad apples though ;)*The Pool- So lush with amazing landscaping and scenery. I don't think this is for everyone however.   If all you want to do is sit at a slot machine and eat $0.99 prime rib, you would probably be happier spending less somewhere else.  But if you're looking for some luxury the Wynn is where it's at baby!
5	overall great hotel. Clean rooms, huge pools but most of all awesome buffet! My favorite in Vegas!
5	Friends from out of country came to see Vegas, so we decided stay at Wynn. This casino is very impressive, the rooms, the linen, high-end technology, pool, the aesthetic structure designs everywhere. It's a bit pricy but you get what you pay for and we really enjoyed it.  Only thing is why charge for water bottle? Charge a few dollars more with the room and include it.
4	We came here to go swimming.  The pool area is really nice.  Lots of cabanas.  I love the garden atmosphere.
5	Awesome staff, clean, modern furniture. Super comfy beds, immaculate decor. Huge rooms and bathrooms. The casino is pretty steep and you can't find any tables with $25 less minimum bets but I'm sure that's what you will get at all the high end hotels in Vegas. We stayed in a tower suite and were on the 9th floor. The view of the strip was viewable and the window was from floor to ceiling so it was nice once we got the drapes opened. Everything is electronic and you could put on all the lights and open all drapes at the push of a button! Bathroom came with a huge tub and separate tiled shower, two huge sinks with a vanity stool ideal for applying make up. I loved how the toilet was separated by a door so you could get ready while someone taking care of their own business! The Wynn definitely meets all expectations for a 5 star hotel in Vegas, and would recommended anyone to stay here if you're willing to drop some bills.
5	Impeccable service and attention to detail mean everything to me as a designer and the Wynn certainly delivers on that at every turn!!It all begins at the dramatic main entry with brightly colored lush, gorgeous flowers and topiaries with well pruned gorgeous greenery as the backdrop, continues with very courteous service at check in where the ladies & gents in well-designed uniforms strive to make every visitor feel like a VIP and that the world is at their feet now that they are at the Wynn!  From there, it just goes on and on and on - it is a truly elegant property where anyone with an eye could draw much inspiration from.  I was taking design notes left and right as this is the type of luxury I like:  opulent but never overdone.I must go and research who the interior designer of the rooms is, because even the standard room option where I have now stayed twice (once in the Encore, once in the Wynn) the spacious and luxurious layout is probably my favorite in Las Vegas where I have stayed at quite a few other hotels.  I love the lights and drapes opening and closing at the touch of a button from my bedside or at the entry to the room!  The toiletries in the bath are so wonderful and refreshing - the standard lemon scent as well as a few others are available in the gift shoppe or through the catalog in the desk if you just have to have some more.  Yes, I took a shower gel home with me ;)  The cleaning staff does such a great job that I do not fear walking on the beautiful carpet barefoot.  The linens and comfy bed is also available via catalog and you get such great rest here (even when jet-lagged from 3 hour time difference) that I am sure they have received several orders for the linens and the mattresses alike, no matter the price.There are PLENTY of dining options available between Encore and Wynn and all are a delight!  My Vegan co-worker was especially happy that ALL restaurants within Wynn have a Vegan menu as Steve Wynn himself is a Vegan.  So everyone is happy!  The food is delish - pricey - but delish!  You will see my separate reviews for all the establishments within the hotel that I tried.   The pool is spectacular and once again, gorgeous without being overdone.  I did not venture over to the European pool with the lily-pads though they look fun for lounging all day.  As I most recently stayed at The Wynn for business, I was only able to take in the Vegas sun and go for a dip over a few hours one morning as they opened.  The cocktail waitresses were very friendly and attentive, as were the staff at the entry and the towel bar.  Again, everyone on staff goes above and beyond to meet your needs.  I will need to come back again and rent out a cabana if I am here with friends.  On my first visit I had more pool-time and visited the pool at the Encore which was much more of a party atmosphere so take note that this pool was certainly more quiet, but again, I was there on a weekday morning with not a kid nor any partying 20-somethings in sight. I had several last minute packages sent to me via the business center where the standard Vegas handling fee is $25 per package so be warned, however, I have incurred the exact same fees at many other Vegas hotels so don't be alarmed if this is your first time.  And once again, the staff both here at the biz center, the valet and the taxi stand all corroborated in making package delivery to cars and cabs seamless despite the fact that they are located at opposite ends of the resort.  As usual when in Vegas (especially for business), be sure to keep lots of change on hand for tips!I love roulette and could not resist playing a hand or two or ten even on the nights where the minimum per hand was $15 at one table and $25 at most others on the main floor.  It's hard to see your money disappear so quickly but by the bursts of excitement I heard every now and then, it seems as though the Wynn is mostly full of winners!
4	The Wynn reeks of luxury. With my humble mid-western roots, it's one of those places that when I walk in, I can't help but think "I must be in the wrong place..." That being said, every once in a while it's nice to pretend, and staying at the Wynn will certainly make you feel like you're hot stuff. Even their basic rooms are incredible, and since it's a new hotel, you can expect everything to be in tip top shape. I did not experience a single problem during our stay: housekeeping, front desk, concierge, bellman.... all spot on. I am definitely an atypical guest for the Wynn  - as most of their patrons probably aren't terrified by $25 tables like myself. So I tend to just high tail it out of here when it comes to gaming. Only reason I dock it a star is the location: It's so stinking far north that if you don't want to play here and you are too cheap for cabs you are going to have quite a hike to get to just about anywhere. Come on Steve, I thought you had enough pull in this town just to tear down Bally's or something and build there? Would anyone really miss it? I was a bit underwhelmed by the pool as well, although the cabana with black jack tables is a nice touch.
5	I don't think that I can possibly stay in another hotel for the rest of my life and have a better experience.  We purchased a small suite on priceline for roughly $250 per night. Upon arrival we were informed that the hotel was booked and our room was given to someone else -which, you may think, is cause for concern. But no!  Oh, no. We were bumped up not once but twice and eventually upgraded to the second largest suite in the hotel to make up for the oversight. As for the suite - I can only liken it to the moment in the "Hangover" when they first walk in - this thing had two bathrooms, a full living room, and an enormous bedroom and bathroom (with jacuzzi tub and separate shower).  Robes, slippers, two TV's, private pool, insane views, you get the idea. It DESERVED a tiger in the bathroom. I felt downright fancy!!My only complaint - which doesn't really qualitfy as a complaint - is that the myriad restaurants/bars/stores in the hotel had pretty strict dress codes, and there were times when I found myself dripping with pool water, in shorts, unable to find a place that would accept my disgustingness.  But honestly, thats my fault - and good on them for having standards. Next time I shall cover myself head to toe in fanciful Dorthy Zbornak-inspired blue satin. Everyone who worked there was kind, professional, and helpful. The food was amazing; all of it. I fell in love.  And now I'm heartbroken that the experience has ended.    God bless you, Steve Wynn.  God bless you and your ridiculous empire. May you live forever.
4	The hotel ambiance was more for adults than kids. So don't plan to bring your kids here. Service here is pretty fabulous and have good attention to detail. All servers and casino hosts were very helpful and friendly. Love the entrance with the alley of flowers and architectures. The room even for a deluxe king room was good size, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom had a his and hers sink :) which I like so much, and the view was spectacular. I was in 60th floor so the noise is minimal. The only problem my guy and I had was the shower head needed to be changed and drain needed to fixed since it was draining properly and water pressure was low but other than that our stay in Wynn was amazing and I would stay again.
5	NO STROLLERS ALLOWED!!! What?! Is that not the best sign ever?! No kiddies running around this casino, folks. I've stayed in practically every hotel on the strip and I must say, The Wynn and its staff impressed me. From the smooth check-in, to the smiles that greeted me all around the casino, this place exudes class. I'm not a gambler, am allergic to cigarette smoke, don't drink  and really only visit Sin City for work purposes. I'm not a happy person when I have to visit this place. However, staying at the Wynn I had plenty to do and experience outside of the normal Vegas activities.The pool area is fantastic. Clean and the DJ is jamming all day. Snacks and food is available poolside. My room had a gorgeous view of the golf course with floor to ceiling windows. Everything is automated in the room. Front the drapes to lighting. The bathroom is a woman's dream. Spacious and perfect lighting to put on my make up. And I watched tv while getting ready. The gym has a ton of machines. I woke up every morning around 6 am to work out and never waited for a cardio machine or the weights. But it could be the $15 usage fee that no one wants to pay. Frees up machines quickly. I didn't visit the buffets or restaurants as my company had everything catered while I was there. However, my compliments to the chef. Making edible food in mass quantities is not an easy feat. The best dessert ever? The Cupcake Experience. Oh my goodness! Every cupcake combo imaginable. I was in a sugar coma. All this and it's located across the street from the Fashion Show mall. If you need a last minute outfit or shoes, you're covered. The Wynn is my new go to hotel in Vegas.
5	- Nice large room and bathroom with            excellent view of the strip- Good ventilation in the casino area- Hardly any kids- Not the ideal location but it's a classy hotel
4	Ample luxury - rooms are spacious - great powerful showers - brilliant views -  1 button room control best I've seen -- still a little too much ambient light from the lighting control system -- Service is top notch - everyone is outgoing & well trained Restaurants are not famous reliable brands like Cuts - Spago -- but trying Bartolotta tonight -- breakfast was however supreme at the Terrace Better convention facilities that the Palazzo
5	Nice people, Wonderful sight-seeing, wonderful hotel name, probably the best service you'll get in Vegas, luxury to its finest. I will be booking my next visit here when I come back to vegas that is for sure!!!
5	Very classy joint!!!!  Came here for XS Saturday night during Labor Day weekend.  Its really nice, very clean and modern. Great place to take your gf or wife, but keep in mind its REALLY expensive, so plan accordingly. Loved the fact that they had so much staff running around to keep the place spot less and they were very polite/helpful (with directions). I've stayed here before, its super nice, although the only negative is that the tables are usually super pricey, so I usually go to other hotels to play.
5	My husband and I stayed here for two nights last week. It was our first time at Wynn but not our first in Vegas (one of our frequent travel destinations). This has been one of our most enjoyable stays at a Vegas resort and that's why I am writing this review!Nice spacious room, first of all. Comfy bed, leather couches and chairs, bath amenities were nice, bathtub was big! and the steam shower was awesome. There were robes in room but no slippers. However, we called for slippers and they were brought up within minutes. The gym was awesome, had bottled waters, towels, fruits, TV on all the machines. The pool was amazing! Very beautiful, serene, clean, with nice plush chairs and loungers. We relaxed here for 3-4 hours and it was very lovely.We watched Le Reve, which is now our favorite show on the strip. We've seen Ka, O, Zumanity, and Zirkana, and Le Reve tops them all in our opinion. Highly recommend this show. We also went to Club XS and had an amazing time - definitely would go again.I played a lot of slots at Wynn, although I didn't win any money :P I liked the slot selections at Wynn.The only "problem" we had at Wynn was that we had pressed the SERVICE ROOM button in the morning around 9am but the room ended up not being serviced all day. We called right before we were leaving for dinner and show to get the room serviced and when we came back the room was turned down very nicely. There were chocolates, water bottles, and everything cleaned and organized perfectly. We even received an apology email about the "problem", which was not necessary because we were extremely satisfied with the turndown service and we were mostly at the pool and gym during the day anyway, but it was a nice touch. The buffet at Wynn was one of the best I have ever had. I was very impressed.Overall, I think what sets Wynn above many of the other hotels is the service. The staff from the front desk to housekeeping, dealers, and even the ladies at the buffet line were all so friendly and cordial. We will most definitely be coming back to this hotel.
3	It's pretty pricey to stay here not unless you find a good deal on Priceline or something. I love the decor and layout of our room. Our bed was facing the huge window that has a view of the Encore and the golf course. They have a pretty cool lighting system where if you want all the lights off, it'll also shut the drapes for you with one press of a button which is conveniently located on your bedside drawers. The room is very clean and spacious for two people and had a massive full length mirror. This is pretty crucial for girls getting ready. You'd be surprised that not all Vegas hotels have a full-length mirror in the room. There's also a sitting area by the window which is a pretty sweet spot if you order room service for breakfast as well a super comfortable tufted couch.The bathroom has a really big tub which can comfortably fit two people inside and is separate from the shower. It also has a his and her sink with a vanity in the middle which is nice because you have a designated area where you can put all your makeup and get ready comfortably.The room was not as soundproof as you would expect though. So if you're a light sleeper and your room is facing the Encore hotel which is where Encore Beach Club and XS are, you'll definitely hear the music from your room no matter how high you are (our room was in the 36th floor). As far as the restaurant choices in the hotel, they're not all that great and have very few selections. We found ourselves walking next door to The Palazzo/Venetian hotels frequently to eat. I definitely didn't have any luck from their machines either, and for some reason you can actually smell the cigarette smoke in the casino much more now where as I never did before. Although I love the room and I can't complain much since our room was comped, I don't think this will be my first choice for a place to stay in Vegas if I'm going to splurge in the room. The only good thing about this place is if you're planning to do most of your partying in XS or Encore Beach/Surrender, this is a good place to stay for convenience since the clubs are right downstairs. This hotel is not that central from where all the action since it's towards the end of the strip.
4	Had a blast here!  Rooms were super comfy and clean, casino was lucky!  Worst part is the surcharge for wireless internet....come on Vegas.
5	The Wynn is spectacular, beautiful, unique and fun. The decor is beautiful from one end to the other. Also as a vegan, seeing that every menu has vegan options is truly wonderful and I want to say a big thanks to fellow vegan Steve Wynn for making that happen.
5	The whole vibe here just feels right, I love the room we stayed in.. It was so peaceful and elegant! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
5	This place is high end to the tops seen Le Reve and gambled after.  The show made my jaw hurt from saying awwwwwww n getting white knuckles watching the performers.  It was amazing we also see Cirque's "O" this trip I highly recommend both.    Thankyou Steve Wynn for having a Ferrari dealership I love looking at the cars. and day dreaming of our future.
5	One of the best hotels and casinos on the strip. Beautiful rooms and an excellent selection of restaurants. They also have the best nightclubs in Vegas. There is a 18 hole golf course behind the hotel.
4	Very nice hotel.   Very clean, the rooms were nice, and  The staff were all friendlly and helpful.   The cleaning staff were particularly good and fast.   Nice place to stay visit las vegas
5	I don't often review but when I do its for very positive or negative experiences. My stay at the Wynn was fantastic. This review is for the hotel rooms, amenities, and staff.  Hotel rooms are by far the MOST quiet room I have ever stayed in on the strip, which is a good thing when you are up most of the night partying. The staff is responsive and accommodating. The pool is great and caters to the relaxing or party scene. Not the best hotel I've stayed in, but by far the best on the Vegas strip.
4	My girlfriend and I just spent 4 days at the Wynn. Usually we go to the Paris and we wanted to change I think we will stick with the Wynn for our next trips to Vegas. We got a corner panoramic room, with wonderful views of the strip. The room was very nicely furnished, the curtains are fun to play with so is the command of the lights. The hotel in general is well thought, and all the staff is great and very helpful. The ambiance in general is very upscale. The dealers at the tables were a lot of fun. The nice thing is there are so many options between the Wynn and the Encore for restaurants, clubs (great clubs!), tables... There is also a big mall right across the street.
4	A very beautiful casino where nothing really goes untouched with Steve Wynn in charge. I dropped in to take a peek at the place and grabbed dinner at the Buffet which was awesome and hand's down one of the best buffet's I ever ate at. The theme of the place is just luxury but at the same time kinda fairy tale it has a different take on your typical casino. Def worth checking out.. Steve set's himself apart from other casino's for a good reason and it's evident in this place.
5	Forget what I said about the Trump down the street from the Wynn. THIS is the best hotel I've ever been to. And it's not even close.I found a deal on Priceline where I could get a $100/night room in a 5-star hotel, but they didn't tell me until I made the purchase. I was hoping for the Venetian, but thankfully I "won" the Wynn. We were able to upgrade to a top-floor room for $25 because the high rollers in Vegas were not in town for whatever reason.Steve Wynn knows what he's doing. He is, simply put, the man. He is the man behind  making the Golden Nugget the best hotel in Downtown LV, as well as the mastermind behind The Mirage, Treasure Island, and even the swanky Bellagio. After MGM bought his old company, Steve Wynn started his own resort company. And this time, he wanted to outdo what might be the most luxurious hotel in Vegas, the Bellagio.Unlike most other Strip resorts, you have to walk off The Strip to see what the Wynn and Encore are about. Once you enter the Wynn, you'll walk into a gorgeous floral display, which itself is not far from the koi pond and waterfalls.I can't comment on the shows here, but the casino has some of the most helpful staff and the fairest odds on The Strip, while the buffet - don't even get me started on how heavenly it is. The pool is also gorgeous, but it's not very deep. It's where you can encounter a lot of the high rollers in Vegas. We had an experience where the girls I went with was comparing breasts with a girl from L.A. with fake tits.The room - I cannot say enough nice things about the rooms here. Every room is high-tech and modern, much like the Aria, but more personalized. And every room has a gorgeous view, as well.Now you know why Steve Wynn is who I want to be when I grow up lol.
5	This review is way long overdue, but hey better late than never! This was the hotel my husband and I stayed at on our first trip to Las Vegas. We enjoyed staying in this luxurious haven..we got lucky that we found such a great deal for this place or else we wouldn't have been able to afford it! The buffet is awesome!
5	Love this place! We've recommended to family and friends.  Rooms are extremely clean and they have very friendly staff.
4	Access to the room elevators are easy to navigate in comparison to some of the hotels if your not staying in a suite with its own marked entrances. The rooms are somewhat small but a lot of bed! They offer unique lighting in the bathrooms for a more romantic lighting at night. The staff for room service are very prompt and friendly. The location of the hotel is just on the cusp of being center to it all and out of the way. The casino is small compared to most on the strip and my luck there has never been good. I do recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a great room at a convenient location to get out onto the strip!
4	A haven in the midst of Las Vegas debauchery and craziness.  The rooms are beautiful, and every restaurant and amenity is top-notch. See Le Reve, check out the spa and dine at SW steakhouse outside by the fountain.
5	It's been almost 4 yrs since my original review, time to update....I'm happy to say that it's just as awesome as when I wrote my 1st one.  Through the years it's remained top notch and continues to deliver high quality service and experiences.  All the prior points I made remain the same.  Kudos to the team @ Wynn for consistent delivery of high-end, luxurious service.Return Factor - 100%
4	stayed her with my husband for a weekend getaway......super fancy lol something we aren't use to. made us actually feel really uncomfortable.  our room was nice, we got a horrible view :( over all it was nice and if you have the money go crazy as for me i prefer a more humble hotel
5	The Wynn is a good hotel, with nice restaurants, and connected to the Encore, as well as located in a position near the best part of the Vegas Strip with the Fashion Mall across the street, as well as the other major peer hotels like The Venetian, Pallazo, TI, etc. within walking distance, and it's own self contained community of places to eat, entertainment and clubs.The rooms are very secured, guarded, so you can't have random's come up without a room key, 'tho if a guest does come, they simply call from the front guard area to your room and you can give the guard permission to let 'em up.  So, if you have any in-call services, know that system in advance.The conference area, for conventions/expositions is nice, and is almost "U" shaped with 2 ways to go in and out.  It seems like a long walk, but once you master the system and know which part you want to go to you'll know and learn the fastest route.On a side note... and this is where The Wynn earned it's 5 Star (" * * * * * ") RatingThe Wynn EUROPEAN (Topless) Pool area is legit !!!No photos allowed, so you'll have to see it yourself to believe it.'nuff said :)
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas. Dad is a frequenter here so we get well taken care of.Both the Wynn and Encore are so beautifully designed. The casino hosts are very generous and each venue is a blowout! Fav food:ENcore: Society  (american bistro...good steak & salads)Wynn: Red8 (chinese..great oxtail soup)Fav Venue Encore: Surrender/Encore Beach Club. Great indoor/outdoor combo & plenty of room.. not overcrowdedWynn: XS Night Club: Beautiful waterfall and great DJ's year-round
4	I had a chance to walk around this casino, the interior is beautifully designed and the air inside is very clean. A waitress came to take our drink orders as soon as we sat down at the tables, and the drinks were not watered down. Its a long walk from other popular casinos like bellagio, aria and caesars.
5	Their toilet paper is amazing.Also their rooms are nice too. Floor-to-ceiling windows all day.
5	Truly amazing. I've stayed quite a few placed on the strip, this was our first time at the Wynn. I don't know how I'll ever stay at another hotel. Ask for an upgrade when you check in, they offered us a GREAT suite with Panoramic views of the strip for only $40 more per night. Truly worth it. This hotel is much pricier than the rest, but it's for a good reason! Everything was clean, fresh flowers everywhere. Service was super.
5	One of the Strips Top HotelsThe Wynn is located right on the Las Vegas Strip but just slightly removed from the noise and grime further down.  The edifice itself is simple and classy without all of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" "Camelot" "Egyptian Pyramid" decor.  Inside it's clean with an expanse casino.  It's sister hotel the Encore is similar in design with a smaller casino.  The rooms at the Wynn are gorgeous.  Great views of the Strip or gold course.  Beautifully furnished and spacious, the rooms are a great place to get away and relax.  The bathrooms are fantastic with large whirlpool bath and separate huge shower.  Dual sinks make clean up easy for couples.For amenities, the Wynn has a terrific gym that is included with the resort fee ($25 per day).  If you do not pay a resort fee, it's $15/day per person.  The spa offers almost anything you could think of.  The Esplanade at the Wynn has great shopping with designers such as Brioni, watch stores, and jewelers.  The Wynn/Encore has a Ferrari Maserati showroom but it will cost you $10 per person to enter.  They don't let you take pictures (which is pretty lame actually).  The Wynn/Encore complex has great restaurants from Chinese, Japanese, steak, to seafood.  There are more than enough restaurants to fill a week.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  Do expect a line when you check in if you do so around midday.Overall, the Wynn is a great basecamp for exploring the Las Vegas Strip.
4	This is a nice hotel. You will most likely enjoy it. It is for an older well established crowd. Being 25 I feel out of place. I typically stay at Cosmopolitan but I want to try a new spot this time. there are plenty of restaurants between Wynn and Encore. They don't stay open really late. Almost all the outlets closed by midnight on a Thursday night. Bummer. Pool is really nice and as could imagine drinks are expensive. Gym was nice -Not many people use it so there was plenty of equipment to go around. Staff is nice but security seems to usher you everywhere. No standing in any one spot on the casino floor. Check in process was efficient. Concierge staff was knowledgable land helpful.
5	First impression of the room is it's very white... or cream... Bright spacious room (yes, you can cartwheel) with floor to ceiling windows. Had a cool view of the golf course from the 58th. Bathroom was also spacious. There's no fridge, but there's an ice machine down the hall. No complimentary drinks. Spent little time in here to be honest... Just sleep, change clothes, shower. Hotel is walking distance to Fashion mall, Venetian, Encore and TI, less chaotic and not as crazy crowded as mid-strip.
5	I have stayed at the Wynn three times (twice while in Vegas for work) and it has been fantastic every time. The rooms are always spotless and I was shocked by how nice it was on my first stay. I could seriously live in the bathroom itself it's so badass. Great place to stay and party. The only drawbacks are the slightly higher price and that it's pretty far down the strip if you want to go party at a different casino.
5	My very very dear girlfriends wanted us to have the best experience in Vegas for my 40th, so they booked us a VIP suite at the Wynn.  I felt like royalty.  There's even VIP entrance, check-in and pools.  While we were checking in, they offered us water bottles and finger food (well, the latter is a lie haha).  Our room was beautiful and had a great view.  Even the bedding felt great and luxurious.  I didn't want to get off my bed.  The bathroom was about the size of my master bedroom at home.  The swimming pools were so beautiful and not crowded at all.  We didn't have to fight for chairs like other cheap places I've been to such as Hard Rock or MGM Grand.The hotel itself is top notch.  We didn't even have to leave the hotel.  The night club, shopping, buffet, and restaurants were all in one place.  We only left for other amusements that weren't offered at the Wynn.  It's one of the best hotels I've stayed in.
5	Make sur you soak everything up. Quite a place to discover...The Service was just over the top and beats everything else we experienced in Vegas. A great place, not that anonymus like the crowded new In-Spots at the City-Center.We stayed for 2 nights and everything was just amazing. We booked short-term and expected to get billed with WiFi, Parking, Resort-fees and so on. But on the check-out, our bill was clean as a white paper could be...We felt like very-welcomed guests. Absolutely recommended!
4	Wynn is easily the most beautiful property on the strip and a lot of fun to visit and hang out at. However, the negative about booking a room here is your only day to day options to shop and dine are going to be upscale. Staying somewhere like next door at The Venetian or Palazzo would be much more functional as a full service resort, with options ranging from casual to upscale.
5	This place was very posh. Top floor suite was nice. Elevators are fast. Staff was excellent. Bed are comfortable, 2 bathrooms, both w/ TV's the big screen in the main room greets you as you enter, automated controls everywhere.
5	I should first say that I didn't actually stay here. That being said, I did spent most of my time in Vegas here at the casino which was a blast. Everybody was nice and treated me with respect even though I was obviously not a high roller. One night after playing until the sun came up (we were on a roll) and being $800 up on the craps table, they comp'd us for a free breakfast at the Cafe. Definitely will be staying here next time I come to Vegas.
5	The most luxurious hotel in Las Vegas, the Wynn did not disappoint. The hotel was clean and classy. Service was prompt and paid close attention to details. Although not cheap, the Wynn ensures a level of class that the other casino oriented hotels do not offer. The lobbies, event rooms and indoor/outdoor garden oriented concepts were really quite beautiful and eye catching. Also, the hotel is right beside the Fashion Mall which is a nice way to spend some time. The restaurants at the Wynn are top notch and worth a try.Enjoy Las Vegas!
5	My husband and I are huge fans of the Wynn Hotel especially The South Tower with its private entrance, pools and Tableau Restaurant. The rooms are extremely plush and the quality is equal to rooms at a Peninsula Hotel or Four Seasons. From the moment you approach the check in desk you are greeted in the most polite, friendly and accommodating of ways. Everyone on the staff is friendly and there to be helpful to all of your needs making your stay the best it can be. We enjoyed all of our meals in the various restaurants, and although we had reservations in other restaurants in other hotels we canceled them. We decided we really enjoy the environment enough not to even leave the resort because it offers everything we could want. The quality throughout the whole Wynn property is excellent. Every time we consider trying another resort on the strip we realize why mess with what's not broken...it's perfect! We travel a lot, all over the world and have stayed at the best of hotels and resorts ( we're both blessed & spoiled) and this comparison is how I'm measuring my experience. If you choose to go & it's a bit more in price it's worth every penny.
1	I went to this hotel to gamble and the staff was unbelievably rude. I went to sign up for their player's club card, they asked me where I was staying and proceeded to outright insult me. It is a very nice hotel but if you don't appreciate being insulted by classless snobs then stay away.
1	Stayed at Wynn for my Wife's bday thinking we were going to have the best experience in Las Vegas, especially for the price you pay for the rooms. Well..we were wrong. Their customer service and management sucks. I was not feeling good inside the casino and my wife was having a hard time getting me a glass or bottle of water. Than we spoke to them about the whole incident , it's like they didn't even care. Yes it is a very nice looking Casino but I would NOT recommend it.
4	Stayed here twice with girlfriends already, and we like it here a lot. Clean, comfortable beds, and the clubs we go to are right downstairs. I like how the service is quick and good here. I also like that the bathrooms come with qtips, cotton wipes, etc. The views are always nice in the Wynn too. Will be back when I stay in Vegas!
4	We stayed at Wynn while we had some friends from college in town for a wedding.  The rooms, as may yelpers note, are fantastic.  Large, and ours was clean.  The bed was very comfortable, it wasn't too soft, which is something I usually find at hotels.  The lights and shade are operated by wall panels that are very easy to operate.  Every time we needed something, be it room service, the bell desk, linens, they arrived very quickly.  I also got a late checkout with no issues, so that was appreciated.Wynn is beautiful, it's clear the details were important while the property was being built and designed.  That being said, stuff isn't cheap.  From drinks to the gaming tables, it's pricey.  There are some good restaurants, La Cave was a favorite of ours before we stayed here.Even though everything was great, I had to subtract a star because the air conditioning in our room was not consistent.  It was very difficult to get the room cool, even when it was on 68 and high fan.  So, that was frustrating.  But, overall, very friendly staff and great service.  Just don't get sticker shock.
1	Scam!!!I paid $440 for two VIP tickets to the Dream that specifically said it includes admission to XS.   But when my girlfriend and I got there, the people in charge said "we don't honor these, sorry now pay 80.  I complained, and all they said was too bad! I will report this to consumer affairs and show them  the video of the manager saying "we don't honor VIP tickets regardless if you paid for them;) "
5	This is gonna be my 100th yelp review and I decided to celebrate this special milestone by reviewing the Wynn hotel, the most beautiful hotel and casino in Vegas and maybe even the world.  The first thing you notice when u walk in is the nice aroma of the hotel, it's smell of fresh and breezy well ventilated air. Then u will notice the whimsical and colorful decor and design with color schemes of mainly taupe reds golds and neutrals.  The rooms are intimate and plush, the bed is so so comfortable, I usually have trouble sleeping on hotel beds but the I didn't have any trouble sleeping at the Wynn.  The Wynn is a top notch hotel so don't expect the casino to have low table limits. Blackjack tables minimum was set at $50 minimum during my stay, with most other tables at $200 limit.  But sitting down and gaming at their casino is so comfortable and welcoming, u feel like u don't wanna leave.
5	The Wynn casino would be the only five star casino in Vegas and one of the most beautiful casino, You received the five star all the way with a world-class attitude the moment you walk in the door eyes enjoy The beautiful surroundings and color and glamour and all the glitz is here staying here is a delightful experience, The pool is open all year around, With the best service all you're around if you look up at the chandeliers you'll never see a speck of dust can't say much for the other casinos. "Enjoy"
2	Consider this is a 5 star hotel, I expect top notch service and quality. To my disappointment, it's not on par with my expectations. It's a long walk from the garage to registration. I pass the guest elevator on the way. So after carrying all the luggage to check in, I have to back track to the elevator. Does that make sense? Who designed this place?After getting to the lobby, I expect big smiles and friendly staff; unfortunately, no. I waited in line for about 30 minutes just to check in. This man name John had this pissy look on his face. He didn't want to explain anything to us and just hands over a piece of paper for us to read about our stay. We asked for a higher floor and he said its not available unless we pay $25 a night for an upgrade that includes panoramic view of Vegas, which we later found out that a higher floor room was available free of additional charge. He just didn't want to give it to us.I finally got the room keys and headed to the hotel room, but found out that the bed sheets were dirty and had blood stains. Unbelievable to be experiencing these kind of things at a 5-star hotel.Anyways, after the blood stain incident, we got another room. The hotel was not apologetic or anything. We moved to a higher floor, not the upgraded room but just another room slightly higher than the one we were in. That's how we found out there were rooms available at the higher floor without a $25 additional charge. Wynn's room is very nice and new, but based on my first experience at this hotel, I wasn't very happy with their services.
1	email to wynnBAIT AND SWITCHTo Whom it may concern:I am not an individual that goes out of my way to complain, I am actually usually too quick to pay a compliment. What happened to me this past Friday was beyond disrespectful to me to just let it go.I received a correspondence from your hotel toward the middle of October with the promotion Trip21.  I utilized this promotion to get two nights, a show and a buffet for my wife and I to celebrate our anniversary.I called a total of three times. The first time I called, I inquired about dates, I was told the promotion was good for any day, I chose Friday the 15th and Saturday the 16th with show tickets on Saturday. I said I had to call back to make the final reservationThe second call I called asked to speak with the same person, the individual that I spoke with stated that he could help me. I completed my reservation.The third call I called because that same individual charged me for both nights instead of the one. I wanted to make sure everything was ok.On the 15th my wife and I drove out as we intended, we arrived at the Wynn to be told that all the systems were down and we had to wait. We waited over an hour for the systems to come up.When the systems came up, we were told that our reservations had been made for Saturday and Sunday, and they had only recorded two of the three calls. I asked the people up front to see what they could do and to speak with a supervisor. They at no point let me listen to the tape.Up to this point I was not upset, I was just trying to see if someone could help me.  In walks a "supervisor" by the name of Raymond (around 6 o clock). I had just gotten off the road of a 6 hour drive and I admit I was in a sweatshirt and flip flops. Raymond gave me second to explain and said " Maybe a cheaper more inexpensive hotel would suit you better". That is where I lost it. I asked to speak with his supervisor.  Misha Came and spoke with me and had the tough task of calming me down. She did great even though she was not able to honor the agreement I had made with your hotel. At this point I was a bit calmer, but it was a matter of principle. Anyway, I was able to go to my normal casino, and my rooms were comped, and I played a great deal there and was not made to feel cheap!!This will be copied to Yelp and I am still deciding whether I should go farther than that.  Please advise me of what you are going to do to deal with this employee.
5	Awesome lobby! Ok...all around awesome with this place:-) The rooms are gorgeous(see my photos), and the layout of everything is totally perfect. The coffee shop is located right be the guest elevators, and theres a great italian restaurant right there as well so you dont have to go walking all around the casino to find what you need. Major bonus points here! I will definately stay here again...steve wynn does such an eloquent job and I love how theres great artwork everywhere!
5	Holy crap, I honestly cannot believe that anyone would have less than five stars for the Wynn. I visited last August, and was so legitimately pleased with the decadence and opulence of, well, everything. Upgrading to the 52nd floor was the smartest thing I did on the trip, and in addition to having an amazing view of the strip, the room itself was heavenly perfection.  Seriously, everything in it was perfect.When I go back to Vegas, if I have my way, I'll be at the Wynn again for sure.
5	I have been to many luxury hotels but Wynn really stands it out. Service is friendly and view is great. I checked in 59th floor. Every time when I went back to hotel and pressed all-on button in the evening, I always wow with the view when the curtain opened. I would recommend Wynn to friends.
5	Wynn is by far the most luxurious, best hotel in Las Vegas, s well as it's sister the Encore.This is a 10 Star hotel, you walk in, it smells of luxury, looks of luxury, and the staff is excellent in greeting you before you even get near the door. It's an Asian theme, everything is red, beautiful decor, beautiful flowers, the bars they have while you walk through it are equally beautiful. The restaurants they have, especially- WAZU! Are the most amazing/freshest of ingredients anywhere in Vegas, this is a FOODIE HOTEL. If you love food, and luxury chillin, go to the Wynn. Pricey I might add, but hey it's Vegas and worth it.Everyone in Vegas knows every cab you get into, "This is Steve Wynn" there is a reason, Steve Wynn is the MAN! I've never stayed here, only dreamt of it, one day I will. Stayed everywhere else in Vegas, this is one for the books I can't wait to live in for a week!! I will post photos of being here, and the Encore, there kind of similar connected hotels. Both the buildings look the same, and have seen all their shows. If your coming to Vegas and never have, PLEASE STOP IN THE WYNN, this place is what Luxury/Rich/Fine Dining is really all about, you will not go home the same person after visiting the Wynn..The casino is amazing as well, lot's of Slot Machines, Tables, High Roller Areas, as well as Wheel of FORRRTUNNNNNE my personal favorite.Check out the WYNN.
5	This place is worth every penny. You get to experience Vegas without mobs of people downstairs in the casino. The restaurants are pretty good, the decor is beautiful, and the conveniences are superb. What really made our experience is the customer service - everyone, from the bellhop to the security, was super friendly and helpful. I really appreciate that.
4	The Wynn is a huge and luxurious hotel.  We came here to gamble a bit and go see Le' Reve.The experience here at Wynn is great.  I might just have to stay here next time I am in Las Vegas.  Lots of lights, sound, and everything.
2	The hotel would be fine, if it didn't have a casino right in the center and the whole bottom floor didn't smell like cigarette smoke.Our non-smoking room was completely fine and my oasis from the cigarette smell. They had great amenities and we had a view of the strip. There was great shopping nearby and they had plentiful restaurants. The low rating is for the cigarette smell that is unavoidable downstairs.
5	Very nice hotel with great service to match. I was always given a hello and help with a smile. The decorum is classier than most area spots.
5	Hands down best hotel on the strip. Once you go Wynn you never go back!!
4	While I found this hotel very nice I have a caution about the rooms on the hold course side. You can hear the nightclub until 4 am even on the 32nd floor. If you are bothered by noise ask for room on the street side of the hotel.
5	Always enjoy Wynn and Encore. For some reason, I don't like the super contemporary new hotels...maybe I am getting old. Nevertheless, Wynn always deliver the best of everything u expect from a Vegas hotel.
5	One of the lost luxurious hotels in all of Las Vegas. Everything looks, feels and is luxurious. The employees are top notch and did everything I requested when we stayed. Looks so gorgeous during Christmas even though everything is Asian themed.
5	Do people research hotels at all before booking them? I'm really appalled at some of these negative reviews about the cost of staying/gambling/dining here. You're not staying at The Quad. There is no "Hash House A Go Go" here. You're paying a pretty penny to stay here so you should expect nothing but the absolute best and priciest amenities. I apologize for sounding uppity, but it's really common sense. Yes, Wynn & Encore are at the end of the strip. However, I find this part of the strip to be clean, well kept and easy to walk around in without the "porn guys" snapping cards at you. The Fashion Show Mall is across the street with TI/Mirage diagonal and The Palazzo and Venetian across the side street. Everything is within walking distance so you never feel like you're missing out on whatever goes on mid-strip (Hint: drunk people hanging out at Carnival Court or Fat Tuesdays).My husband and I have stayed at either Wynn or Encore a total of 10 times in 4 years. Every trip has been an amazing experience. Many people say that a hotel is just for resting your head after a long day, and while that's true, the Wynn/Encore properties make it an unforgettable experience. From the lush decor, to the staff that goes above and beyond to the AMAZINGLY comfortable and clean rooms to the spectacular restaurants. If you have the extra money and want an unforgettable Vegas experience, do yourself a favor and stay here a few nights.
4	I'm a MGM property girl and when the Wynn sends me those offer letters in the mail, I usually disregard them. First, I don't know how they got my information, and secondly, their deals aren't usually that great. For whatever reason, I decided to really look into one of the letters I got and it turned out to be a GREAT deal. We got Fri/Sat night rooms, 2 Le Reve tickets, and 2 Buffet tickets (anytime) for a really low cost. I was surprised it turned out to be legit.Checking in on Friday was a nightmare. We were early and a tour bus just dropped off a ton of people. Luckily the management really knows how to crowd control and continuously passed out bottled of water to us. We were able to get a corner room with an awesome view of the golf course but the room felt a bit off to me. There was so much space and very little furniture. I guess I shouldn't complain because MGM rooms are the complete opposite. The bathroom was sizeable and everything was top quality. Although I just remembered, we decided to upgrade to 2 fulls for +$10 a day and the beds were SOOO SMALL. Should've just had a king and pull out couch or something.The casino floor is easy to navigate and there are many food and night life (clubs and shows) options to choose from. It's a bit far from the main part of the strip but there's plenty to do in the surrounding areas. If they offered another deal like that I might just have to say yes again.Wynn did get the last laugh ::shakes fist at blackjack table::
4	My fiance and I just stayed at the Wynn for a little holiday getaway. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are great: big, clean, full of luxe amenities such as a soaking tub and TV in the bathroom. The staff is really nice too; when I wasn't feeling well at 4am and the stores were closed, the bell desk offered to do a drugstore run.The one thing to be careful about is fees. If you book and have any dining credit attached to your booking, find out what exactly it's good for so that you don't end up with a bill that includes unexpected items.
5	One of my favorite places to stay when I am in town.  I have never been disappointed with anything here.  Steve Wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort.
3	Firstly, a bit of a disclaimer. I have been to Vegas a number of times and I do not have a very high opinion of this place overall considering my experiences here - especially with the people that frequent this place. I generally consider Vegas to be an overpriced, artificial, cesspool. All of that said... You might ask why I found myself and my partner staying at this hotel. My partner and I were on a cross-country return trip home after the holidays and Vegas just happened to be on the way and he had never been there so we decided why not. I booked a room via priceline and it happened to be here (I did not get an extraordinary deal, perhaps only saving about 10 bucks based on their website rates). After braving the traffic and holding off the road rage (two combat veterans driving) for our 30 min travel time from freeway exit we made it to the self park and found a spot right away. We checked into the hotel and used the "20 dollar trick" for a room upgrade. The gentleman behind the counter was very helpful and most a bilging. We ended up with a room over at the Encore on the 29th floor overlooking part of the strip. The room was very nice but not the nicest I have stayed in. I would rate the overall room quality and attention to detail at about 4.5 stars. There was also some issues with the technology in the room but we were able to work around it. As mentioned in other reviews be warned that there are several night clubs on the properties and you will potentially here bass and noise coming from them till 4AM as I did. I was able to get to sleep however, it was certainly annoying. I am certain if I asked to be moved I would have been. Just inquire about this when you check in. Overall the staff was very friendly, helpful, and professional. I am not a big fan of all these extra fees associated with staying somewhere like this but I can certainly understand that this is a business associated with nickel and dimeing your customers. I would recommend this hotel if Vegas is your thing.
3	Went to Wynn Las Vegas.  The interior architecture and decorations have strong influences of both the Golden Nugget and Bellagio Hotel and Casino.  This is reasonable because Steve Wynn having affiliations to both.  So the style is dated and does not "wow" in any major way like the Cosmo, Aria or trendy hotels.  The service is expected and not better but equal to say, Caesar's or Belagio or Venetian or Paris or Aria...  Nothing spectacular here including the dining.  For those who have too much money or cannot tell the difference, the Wynn may be for you. Trust babies or self made millionaires posing as better can feel at home but those who are real go to Macau or Singapore to be lavished in luxuries.  As for Las Vegas, her time is ending or already ended as the entertainment capital of the world. When run-down Downtown is featuring old has been rock and roll stars and head-liners are no longer large names with great shows and circus acts are mundane, many tourists will not revisit again.My advisement as an ex-agent to bring "whales" into Vegas during the late 80s and early nineties, the place to in Las Vegas depends upon your age bracket and income bracket.   Younger and trendier people  willing to spend at least 5 grand a night should stay at Aria or Cosmo.  The older past 40 with ability to spend 5 grand a night should go to the Belagio, Venetian or Caesar's or Paris. Those over 60 with money budge over $150K per visit should call an agent to get free accomodations to any hotel but be reminded that there will be a price of a continual hounding by hotel staff to make you gamble at the high limit locations and often times coerce you to not leave.  Have a personal assistant and limo at your command. My advisement is always pay for a room unless a person wants to play hardball with the hotel management.  Most whales like confrontation for reasons that can only be considered attitude.  Wynn is not different, Steve knows that the longer he ensnares a whale, the more the whale will leave a trail of money to his business.
1	Disappointed at d buffet for sure.  After 4.5 hrs (included traffic), as hungry as I was, d food was such a disappointment.  W tips included it came out to b $61/person.  D food choices r plentiful but lack of quality.  Just bc it was chopped like Alaskan king crap, it's still snow crab...false advertisement!!!  No bourbon sauce for crepes, bread pudding.  There were ingredients enough to make banana foster but I walked away from d server's disinterested manner.  Overall by far this was d worse buffet I've ever had, even for $30 it'll get no more than 1 star never mind  $60, a total rip off.
5	Came to Las Vegas for my birthday and stayed at The Wynn. Love this magical place. It's simply beautiful. Great staff and service. It's an adult Disneyland and we had a blast. The newly added carousel and hot air balloon in the lobby is spectacular. Kudos to Steve Wynn and Preston Bailey for  this creation.
5	Nothing but class at the Wynn & Encore. Boutique shops, excellent dining options, wonderful gambling options to fabulous view from all windows. I've seen all the shows at the Wynn and you can't go wrong with any of them.
4	We had the chance to stay here at a discounted rate through the Rock 'n' Roll race series, and I jumped on it. The Wynn is a gorgeous luxury hotel. It was pretty much everything you'd expect for the price point. Our room was beautiful, the bathroom was a spa-like oasis, and the lobby was one of the classier environs in Vegas. We ate dinner in the hotel one night at La Cave and the meal was wonderful; I have no doubt the other restaurants are also excellent. To enumerate the many, many positives of this hotel would be repetitive of the other reviews.A few things I'd fix: Housekeeping came early every day (before 11, possibly earlier) and left a sign on our door that they couldn't clean due to our Do Not Disturb sign. We had to call and request the room cleaned every day, and typically it gone done quite late after that. I think it would make sense to make the default cleaning time a little later, especially in a city like Vegas known for late night hijinks.Despite its beauty, I'm not sure the Wynn casino is a good fit for my tastes. I'm not much of a gambler, and if I do play, I'm probably not betting much money. The Wynn caters to a high rolling crowd. As a result, I found myself going to other, more moderately priced casinos for entertainment. Ditto the shopping; it was fun to window shop at Alexander McQueen and Prada, but I'm not the type of person who's going to actually buy anything there.I highly recommend the Wynn to you, classy traveler. You will love it. For me, I  might select something a bit less high-brow on my next Vegas jaunt.
3	Really nice hotel. The gaming floor is really beautiful.  The one take away I had from my experience was the ventilation was kind of poor. I stunk really bad of cigarettes when I left and I didn't really see that many smokers. Sooner or later Vegas will lose gamblers like me to smoke free places.
5	I gotta give Steve Wynn his props.  Golden Nugget, Mirage, Bellagio, Wynn, Encore.  He built each of those properties, and each of them raised the bar in Vegas.  The Wynn is a very nice, easy place to stay in Vegas.  The accommodations and service are top notch, and it's a beautiful, easy to navigate property.  Although the Wynn is a thoroughly modern Vegas hotel, it retains a lot of old Vegas feel to it in terms of scale and service.  Genuinely great service used to be a given in Vegas almost anywhere you went, but it's become increasingly rare.  I miss the old Vegas a lot, and the Wynn reminds me of the old Vegas even if it doesn't really look like the old Vegas.  Parking is a breeze unlike many Vegas properties.  The parking structure is easy to get in and out of and easy to park i, and the walk from the parking structure to the casino is basically nothing.  If it's high end shopping, dinning, or nightlife you're after, Mr. Wynn's got you covered.  Tryst is one the best nightclubs in Vegas and probably my favorite.  One small gripe:  Once in the casino, you have to traverse the entire casino floor to get to the check in desk and then all the way back again to get to the elevators to the rooms.  This kind of set up is endemic to the species, though, so it's hard to give Mr. Wynn too much grief about that.  Once you ARE checked in, though, the room elevators ARE close to where you enter the casino from the parking structure.  On our way out with our bags, the folks checking room keys at the elevators thanked us for coming and bid us safe travels.  It was a nice touch and seemed genuine.  I doubt anyone who stays at the Wynn would be disappointed.Bonus:  Tacos El Gordo is a short walk up the boulevard away.  The spicy pork tacos there are spectacular and worth the short walk up the boulevard to an admittedly somewhat rough around the edges shopping center in the shadow of Encore to get them.  The vast majority of the denizens of the Wynn won't make that walk and will never know what they are missing.
5	Remember in Happy Gilmore how he had to go to his "happy place"?? The Wynn is mine, without question.  I love everything about this hotel, especially the fact that they're always playing Kaskade when I arrive - always!I've stayed here about 4 times and the service is nothing less than stellar.  The rooms are nice and modern without being completely computer programmed (sorry Aria), and the beds are heavenly!  The whole theme of the place is like a grown up wonderland which is right up my alley, and the entrance is just so pretty! The best thing about staying here is you never have to leave.  There are tons of great restaurants and clubs within Wynn/Encore, and the Encore casino is my favorite for blackjack.  Make sure to hit up Botero for an amazing dinner and Encore Beach Club for the ultimate Vegas pool party experience.
3	A very anti-kid hotel.  Bed rails?  No, they were out.  Fridge for milk?  No, that's an extra charge.  The main part of the hotel (before guest rooms) reeks of cigarette smoke.  There is one small store that sells milk for a crazy price ($4 for a glass of milk that is not even organic).Our suite was huge and beautiful.  The bathroom tub could have been bigger.  While I am very grateful that I have been able to stay at many swanky hotels, I just didn't love this one as much as the others.  It didn't have that extra pizazz, warmth or extraordinary level of service.  Please note that all fish served at the Wynn is farm raised (according to one of the chefs).
5	My husband i went to las vegas for last mins trip during xmas holidays.Luckily, I found food and beverage credits promotion of wynn hotel when I searched travel package.We stayed bellagio, mirage, aria and wynn..so farTo compared, I loved wynn hotel with upgraded room. It was so worth to pay extra money to enjoy view days and night.Also, we can save money to use food and beverage credits which was $150Really enjoyed trip this time.
4	Very luxurious hotel. The lobby garden with flower decorated pathway is a breathtaking moment. Every angle you pose at, it's a picture perfect design. Great clubs reside here. Every design and decoration is beautiful. It's a must visit.
5	Five star and first class service! Went to see Garth Brooks with his band and was offered a package deal which included accommodations to the tower suites!     Excellent show, fantastic service from the valet, front desk to the most beautiful salon suite upgrade. World class service, complimentary breakfast at Tableau, which was excellent to the most immaculate and beautiful hotel experience. Casino was fun, no luck but who cares, we had soo much fun. Great wine bar, LaCave, nice sports book and loved Parasol Up Bar for a nice cocktail. Excellent!!! Can't wait to go back!
4	Total sausagefest last night lol Which, if I wasn't a girl, I would probably be disappointed, but me & my girl-friend liked not having to deal with girls staring down girls all night haha Classy-dressed people in one big space. Drinks are expensive, but duh, that's the strip. Three drinks for around $60 or so? Not sure, we were pretty drunk. Maybe because it was belvedere, Malibu rum, and Jameson. Hm. Haha oh and!, I also was betting $2 on Keno and I won $3200! Good fun winning money, being dressed up with other pretty people, and shouting at fellow neighbors or walk-byers.
5	Check in clerk was amazing.  Dining options were amazing. Casino staff were helpful.  Our room was nothing liked I'd ever experienced before...remote controlled curtains, huge tub, the list goes on. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. I also want to say La Reve was the best show I have seen so far in Vegas.
5	nice rooms,card dealer don't usually smile here,buffet is a great place here!
5	AUTOMATIC SHADESWhen I found out our work group was staying here I was so happy. My room was amazing and the view was breathtaking. But what brought me the most joy was laying in bed and opening and closing the automatic shades and curtains. Honestly I could lay there all day and have a blast. I guess it's the little things that make me happy. In all of my world travels that is one feature I have never really seen in a hotel. Steve Wynn spares no expense and everything is top notch in any of his properties. He understands his customers are willing to pay for the good life. Steve provides that good life here. He plays videos on the in-room TV where he describes the hotel. After 4 days of non-stop talking in the dry weather my voice starts to sound like Steve Wynn. I crack up all my co-workers with doing hilarious versions of Steve's TV speeches. I love Vegas for laughs with co-workers. This hotel is amazing but expensive too. The room is great. It is so luxurious I want to stay here all of the time. The bathroom is huge too. I enjoy the amazing views of the mountains and it's such a great sight to see when I wake up. The hotel has some restaurants inside. There is one we always go too but that's because you can get a bag of hot donuts after dinner. Those things are so good. There's also a nightclub but I've never been to it. Work seems to always get in the way of business trips. Damn work. I do use the gym/spa though. It is a little expensive at $20 a day but I need to get my workout in. I will work in breakfast there too with some fresh fruit and a coffee. So it kind of works out because it might actually cost me $20 to just order that food for breakfast. My mornings are not complete until I've gotten my six mile run in.  So as unhealthy as Vegas can be between the amount of food and late nights this gym puts me right back on my healthy track. Which is derailed by the end of every evening...ha!!!So if you're looking for a great place to stay in Vegas then this is the place to stay. It will make you feel like a king. I wish I could spend more time hanging here then actually working off-site. They use to have a free shuttle through the golf course to the convention center. That was the best but it's now gone. It made my work day so easy. Now I have to take the scary convention bus in traffic or a taxi to get to the show. Steve if your listening bring the bus back!!!
4	I went to the theater at the Wynn for a WWE Event during CES, so my experience only extends to the floor and not the rooms.Still, the Wynn sets out to impress. The entrance is decked out with a glamorous garden, and the theater itself accommodated a few hundred people and a number of large screens. It made for a great event, one worthy of Vince McMahon and John Cena.
5	This hotel exemplifies the new Las Vegas. No more theme hotels for me unless I bring the kids. This, my friend, is a hotel for adults.I recently stayed in the tower suites. Living room, bedroom, huge bathroom and a terrific view. It was nice sitting back at night drinking a glass of wine and watching the vegas night. Great staff with plenty to do in and around the hotel property.Looking forward to returning.
1	I just checked in for a work function.  Despite having a confirmed reservation at the Wynn, I was given a room at the Encore.  Under the same roof?  It's a completely different hotel.  6 acres later, I'm checked in and pissed!  I really dislike Vegas to the core.  I was excited to stay at the Wynn.  Front desk person was respectfully bitchy.  Terribly disappointed with the bait and switch.
5	I find myself booking at the Wynn time after time, after time, after time, after time. It is simply perfect in every way. The rooms are in great condition, the service is fast and efficient, and they have the best buffet in Vegas. The restaurants and clubs at the Wynn and Encore are second to none, and they're easily accessible if you're a hotel guest.
4	love  it.. just  fantastic
5	One of my favorite Casino in the strip, this isn't as crowded as the other one.  The most important this one felt more classy and isn't smelly at all. Their interior design is heavy based butterfly, There's staff everywhere and had very helpful provided assist.  The time were were there also were offering $10 free-play slot.  They got many different kind of slot, included some heavy license one like Iron Man 3 and Avatar, never know there's a slot for that.Everywhere in the Casino was clean and felt comfortable playing here, as with most casino.  They bring free drinks while you are playing here.  This one actually offer you alcohol drinks unlike most other just gave you water or juice.  I would definite come back to stay here and try their famous Buffet.  You can walk to Encore inside without stepping out the sun.  Their play club booth was near the entrance, unlike other casino is hidden some where in the casino floor.
1	This hotel is VERY over rated!!!Very poor customer service.  This hotel will nickel and dime you to death!There is a charge for everything!Upon arrival, front desk asks for $150 per day hidden charge of "convenience fee".  I booked a 2 night stay and paid for all up-front, including resort fees as I arrived on a Thursday and did not get paid until Friday.  I paid for my entire stay of $850 up front and the front desk would not let us check in our room (even though it was paid in full in advance) until we could pay for the "convenience fee" of $300.  This is like a loan of my money to the hotel!  And the hotel will not reimburse you back your money until 2 days after your stay!There was a $25 charge to use the fridgerator in the room (just wanted to make a bottle of water cold) this will cost the $25 fee!The towels were so badly bleached that they literally stood up on there own and reeked of bleach!We were on a non-smoking floor and someone was smoking in there room as the hall way was so badly filled with smoke that your eyes hurt and your throat was soar the next day.We were offered free Wifi and they make you pay for it up front and then get reimbursed upon check out; had to accept the 13.95 fee on your cell phone to get any reception.Part of my reservation had a special that included 2 buffet tickets per day and it is not explained that the buffet was only for Breakfast and Lunch and not Dinner.I will never stay here again!Nor will I recommend this hotel to my friends!Clearly a case of "bait and switch".
4	So I've now stayed at MGM, TheHotel at Mandalay Bay, Golden Nugget, and now the Wynn.  I have mixed feelings about my stay.  Obviously the bed was so comfortable that I wanted to buy it in the Home Store.  But instead bought my queen bed at Macys for about 1100 dollars cheaper.   We arrived late and check-in was a breeze.   It was checking out the day after XMAS that took about 30 mins.  The room service was top notch.  Probably the best I've ever experienced.  I'm still dreaming about that lobster the first night i was there.  I just felt like I wanted it to be breathe taking and I was surprised that my bathtub at TheHotel was larger.  I was surprised that there weren't more activities besides the nightclubs around XMAS time.  I tipped 20 bucks to see if I could get a better room but I realized later I don't think it worked.  I prebooked on booking.com months in advance.  The location on the strip I like a lot because you just start walking and not feeling like you're really far and you can hop on the bus.  It gorgeous inside.  I just get the feeling that maybe you get more perks with the towers or the nicer suites.   That maybe just getting a regular room here at the Wynn, can you get a really nice suite elsewhere.  And even for us working people paying 700-800 for 3 nights is a lot (w/o room service included, and the spa) we just want the works.  I'll def be back.  I know my boyfriend who is vegan, was happy to have the options, but felt like it wasn't actually that great tasting of what he tried between Tableau, room service, and the buffet.Don't get me wrong I'm a fan and had a great time.  I just don't know if we really got our moneys worth.And I hope they put an ice cream parlour somewhere in the Wynn because you have to try their homemade ice cream for room service!!!
2	You can read all the good things about this place in other reviews; I'm just writing this to tell you some things I didn't like, in case you also dislike them. First was check in: The line was 20 minutes long and moved sooooo slooooowly. Then the person handling my registration made a rookie mistake and looked up someone else's reservation, making me stand there and make a bunch of changes, and didn't figure it out till I had wasted a good 10 minutes with her. Sorting it all out took another 10. They get an F here.The ground floor layout, including the casino and lobby areas, is purposely confusing, designed to make you wander around lost. It took me 2 days to learn how to get where I needed to go. The room was nice, with a large window looking down on the city and at the mountains. But I could not adjust the temperature, so it was always too warm in there. The thermostat gave you the illusion you could cool it down to 65, but it never actually went down. Booo. The bed was large and comfy, except that there was only a heavy quilt, no sheet, so I woke up in a sweat all night long. (See previous comment about the temperature.)Using the TV to check out took too long. And despite entering my email address, I never got a receipt. Oh, and if you make a toll free call from the room phone, thinking it's free, guess again. $1.50 each call. Annoying.So now you know what to expect.
1	Horrible customer service.  I had a bunch of baloney mini-bar charges to my room.  When I called to inquire about them, I got the run-a-round.
5	After writing my pretty hateful review for Bellagio, I realized I haven't shown love for my absolute favorite place in Vegas - Wynn/Encore.  Wynn and Encore resort staff are the embodiment of hospitality.  I've never encountered an employee who wasn't professional, kind, helpful, and sincere.  Most of all, they seem happy to work there, and it makes a big difference in a guest's experience.We've stayed at Wynn and Encore in everything from a standard King room to a Salon Suite. Every room has been clean, beautiful, and stylish.  In-room dining is delicious and quick, and the wait staff is very friendly and accommodating.  The casino allows smoking, but you'd barely know it.  The air is well-filtered, and unless you're sitting right next to a smoker, it's very breathable.  The shopping is first class, and there are plenty of awesome dining and drinking stops throughout the building.  (Okada/Mizumi - yummm).  In the summer, the pools are a little crowded, but awesome.  Great music, clean facilities, and helpful waitresses.  I can't praise this resort enough - I'd give it 1,000 stars.  It's my happy place.
5	I happen to be a big fan of The Wynn. I have stayed in the rooms on a number of occasions over the years as well as dined at many of the restaurants, enjoyed shows and visited all of the clubs and I have to say I have only good things to say about the property. The parking is great, no matter how busy I always seem to find a good spot. The layout is convenient and despite the grand size of the property it is quite easy to navigate your way around. Every restaurant I have tried has been impressive. The shows are always quality and entertaining. The rooms are really nice comfortable and the clubs are some of my favorites in town.The Wynn has everything going for it so I can't find a single reason not to give the place 5 stars.
5	One of the best places to stay in Vegas. Always have a good time here and the rooms kick ass. Big and spacious and the best part? It's only a hop, skip and jump away from one of the top 3 clubs in Vegas, XS.This place has a lot of pluses: It's clean, smells nice, they don't care that every time you go there, you ask for a new Red Card and they even check up on you if you're slipping in and out of consciousness out at the video roulette machine at 6am in the morning. "No, sir. I'm not nodding off. I'm just in deep thought about my next move."The only negative I can think of is it's gotten progressively harder to get comps at this place.
3	Hate to date myself, but as a kid I was in Las Vegas in the days of the wise guys.  When the Wynn was the Desert Inn, and the Rat Pack was playing the Sands.  No high-rises.  People dressed for dinner and looked sharp for the casinos; the lounge acts were cool, no lines, no all-you-can eat buffets, no huge, fat people or oxygen breathers on their chair scooters.  No bling!  Just elegance.The Wynn epitomizes today's Vegas.  What you see on The Strip is what you used to see downtown.  ANYBODY can get in, and they do.  The public areas are tacky and loud, ditto for the rooms, though they are well-appointed and spacious.  This is franchise luxury. (The Sinatra Restaurant at the adjoining Encore has Chicken Saltimbocca -- chicken???  Old Blue Eyes is spinning in his grave.)As a Vegas hotel these days, the Wynn is one of the best.  If you can get a good deal, then definitely go.  Frankly, I prefer the Red Rock.  Though way off The Strip, it's kinda like the old Vegas -- a place in the desert where you can gamble.
5	This is a magnificent hotel to stay in Vegas. Wynn is decorated to perfection with a sense of modernism. Everything is high end. The rooms are spacious and special and the Wynn Buffet is one of the best 3 in the city.Playing here might be tough on weeknights as the minimums on the table games go up. to 25-50 on some tables.
4	Stunning hotel and resort. We enjoyed the Sunday brunch buffet and were sat in the garden. The variety and quality of food was awe inspiring. In particular I enjoyed the smoked salmon pizza, coffee, fresh oj,dessert offerings, and gelato the most.
3	Frankly, I don't get it.  One of the newest, so-called flagship casino on the strip and I don't get excited coming here.  So many other casinos just blow away this one, like Aria, Bellagio, Venetian, etc.  It's nice and clean, but sterile.  Doesn't seem to have a personality.  The shops are high end, but small and cannot match the Miracle Mile, Caesar Forum or  the Grand Canal Shoppes.  Dealers are no fun and have that Atlantic City attitude.  So, I guess, I don't get it.
1	I thought I should update my review because the check in process did not go as smoothly as usual. There were long lines to check in, and once I made it there I felt customer service was lacking a little. Every time I tried to address issues I got a schpeil, so it was much like talking to a robot that didnt really have any answers but was giving the default excuse. Also...my tv wasnt working and the manager wasnt going to do anything about it. Their customer service was really lacking this time! Also, I would agree their dining collection needs a revamp. To top it all off...on my last night there they had the place so packed full of convention people that we had to wait it line for 20 minutes to get up to our room. Next time I will stay somewhere else...dont waste your vacation here!
5	We were treated like gold! Stay in the tower suites! It came with complimentary breakfast at Tableau--so worth it! I can't get over what an amazing experience we had at the Wynn. They are very hospitable and make sure all your needs are met.
5	This hotel makes people knees buckle from how luxurious it is.  It has both the Wynn and the Encore connected.  Check in might be a slow process but for good reason, the service personnel that works at check in really takes customer satisfaction very seriously.  It might seem like you're waiting forever at times but they really take their time to tend to whatever needs you have so be patient and it will be worth it once you're up at the counter.  Right outside the check in it has a very nice decorated garden to walk around and take pictures with along with a directory of the locations inside the hotel.  Going to your room you must have your room key present to present to the guard to gain access to the elevator.  The room key was very flashy too, they slide it into the machine to imprint your name onto it.  Everything within the room was pretty much activated through the electronic screen on the wall.  Depending on what floor you have and how you're orientated you might have an amazing view to the rest of Las Vegas which can make a pleasant view for your sleep.  Everybody was very professional, and the rooms were super clean.  You might be paying a tad bit more compared to other hotels within the Strip, but it was totally worth it in my opinion.  I can't wait to come back for my Las Vegas adventures!
5	Mm I have to say I really liked Wynn. Although the space was a little smaller, in general, everything was pretty well maintained. Room service was also impeccable, this lady even organized our shoes! The location was a little annoying because it is kinda close to the end of the strip so it may take a while to walk to somewhere down the strip.
5	Awesome hotel!! Stayed here for 3 nights this last weekend.  The registration staff, security, even the gaming staff were all very nice and professional.  I especially liked the rooms, they were very stylish/modern and everything electric (light settings/curtains).  Plus the parking garage was VERY spacious and lots of available spaces to park my rental car.  Also, didn't hurt that I made some money playing at Wynn.  Overall, it was a great experience.  I would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat!
5	Such a supreme luxury it was to have just enjoyed a three day conference in arguably the nicest hotel I can remember in quite some time, if not ever. Every detail seems to have been attended to with elegance and quality, the staff as well was nothing but extraordinarily professional and helpful, and my hotel room was the epitome of luxury and comfort.I feel very lucky having been invited to the luxury real estate conference this year at the Wynn hotel not just because of the business contacts made but just as importantly I now know the hotel I will always opt to stay in for future Las Vegas adventures.
5	My wife and I had a great stay at the Wynn. It is truly a luxury resort. We will go back again next year.
4	Not nearly as smokey as many other casinos, and all the restaurants have vegan and vegetarian options, which is rare on the strip.  Overall, great decor inside.  We didn't stay here, so can't give room feedback.
4	My family has been coming to the Wynn for years as well as the Encore when it opened. There's hardly any reason at all to leave the casino: shows, great day/night club, restaurant, shopping, golf, pools, spa, etc. Also the tables don't pull any tricks on you like other casinos might do (face up cards in blackjack, card shufflers, single decks, heavy roulette ball). It's far from the bustle on the strip and is a bit "classier".. whatever that means. The reason why Im giving the review only 4 stars is because the food, just wasn't deserving of a 5 diamond award like it has been in the past. The fine dining is great depending on what you get (Andreas, Mizumi and Botero, loved) but they are seriously cutting down quality in their casual dining. The portions at the cafe are smaller and not appetizing, the sandwiches at zoos aren't good anymore, the only restaurant that is open 24 hours is called Allegro and is Not Good. There was also ash in my hotel room's desk. I do still appreciate the hotel for their great service, impeccable attention to detail, beautiful decor and atmosphere, it is definitely one of the nicest hotels (if not the nicest) on the strip. Actually just looked it up and looks like they lost their 5 diamond award this year... I would still highly recommend I just wouldn't bother too much with casual dining if you are paying top dollar for it (no comps).
4	I would like to give this place a 3.5!!!The rooms are so white my eyes hurt. I've been waiting to try the Wynn when it first opened. Got a chance during Thanksgiving when the price was an amazing $129 per night..yeah that's the lowest it will ever get. I thought I would get the $50 resort credit but I didn't read the fine print. If I was going with my friends this is waste of your money you can go to other hotels for cheap and still get the comfort of hotels. If you go with parents or significant other and would like to sleep in etc. I do recommend and at least you can check out the amenities this hotel has. I actually had to work and it was comfortable in the desk with the view of the strip.
5	I could give this resort 10 stars. Five is not enough for this remarkable property. Yes it's more expensive, and yes it's superior to any hotel on the strip. Make sure you have dinner at the SW Steakhouse and visit the Sinatra bar. Every detail of this hotel that Steve Wynn created is just magnificent and mind blowing how every customer is treated like gold. How is that for a review?
4	Beautiful Hotel. Most beautiful lobby Decor with the flowers. Just breathtaking. The rooms are so beautiful with the red carpet it truly make you feel like a Royal. Not to mention the mirror ceiling wow sexiness!!! Also the view is absolutely amazing especially the one overlooking the mountains. The best of both worlds! : )
2	Definitely the rudest hotel staff I ever encountered. Everyone was rude. The check-in people were rude, the concierge was rude, the maids were rude and intrusive, the restaurant staff was rude, the people who worked at the gift store were rude, and the luggage storage guys outside the hotel were rude. It's like, "Wow, I'm paying a butt-load of money to stay here and I'm being treated like dirt." Steve Wynn must not care about keeping his customers at all because I never want to step inside that hotel again.
5	Here is my comprehensive review of one of my favorite hotels in the world:ROOMS: If I could afford it, I would live in a Salon Suite in the Wynn Towers for the rest of my life. My first time going to Vegas over 21+, I was spoiled silly being able to stay in the Salon Suite courtesy of one of my high-roller friends. I pretty much ruined it for myself because nothing can ever live up to that experience again. From the impeccable service, to the amazing floor to ceiling views, and plush carpet that feel like heaven after 4+ hours of standing in 4 inch heels, everything about the Wynn screams luxury fit for a princess. And at an average rate of $800/night for this Suite, it better.I've also stayed in the more affordable Deluxe Resort King at the Wynn and the Resort Suite King at the Encore, the attached sister hotel. Both are a downgrade from the size and amenities of a larger suite, but are still very comfortable and provide the same immaculate quality of service. THEME: The hotel itself is quite spacious and feels much airier than some of the other hotel casinos. The theme is classic with a modern twist, so both young and older patrons will feel comfortable, which may not be the case in some of the newer hotels such as the ultra-modern Cosmopolitan. CASINO: I'm not a big gambler so I can't say much about the quality of the tables here except that the minimums are higher than average for the strip.FOOD: "Affordable," the food options here are not. However, there are some flavorful choices that won't break the buck. I particular enjoy the Red 8 Asian Bistro for their Braised Pork Knuckle with Taiwanese Flat Noodle Soup. Of course, the award-wining Wynn Buffett is worth a stop if you want a quintessential Vegas Buffet experience. With the onset of newer buffets opening, I wouldn't say it's the best buffet in the city, but it's convenient if you're staying here and like crab legs. Unfortunately, staying here will not give you discounts to any of their restaurants. CLUBS: Wynn and Encore are home to 3 nightclubs: XS, Surrender, and Tryst, and 1 dayclub: Encore Beach. Staying at either hotel allows you to use a special entrance when entering XS and Encore Beach which can be lifesaving if the line is ridiculously long (always). If you are a guest, you can also request complimentary tickets when you check in and they may or may not have some available depending on the day of week, headliner, etc. Of the 3 nightclubs, XS is the largest, most popular, and my favorite. During the winter months, when they close the outside, it can get extremely stuffy so I would recommending getting a table to avoid getting your feet stomped on. But in the summer, there's tons of space and its a much nicer experience. The best part of XS is their Sunday Night Swim which is basically a big pool party at night. You are encouraged to wear your bathing suit (under your clubbing outfits) and splash around to the sweet, drunken melody of EDM. Surrender and Tryst are much smaller and underwhelming when compared to the behemoth that is XS. Both are nice options however, if you're with a group of guys wanting to pay less. Surrender gets better headliners and opens up to Encore Beach in the summer. Encore Beach Club (EBC) is an awesome dayclub. Yes, their drinks are overpriced and there are suspicious things floating in the water, especially later in the evening, but it's beautiful, I don't have to wear heels, and the DJs are pretty much touching distance. It's huge compared to some of the other day clubs so it's never too squished in the water.  OVERALL: If you can afford it, this the place to stay in Vegas.
3	Very nice tapas, each one tastier than the other, nice atmosphere, modern look of the restaurant. Unfortunately the service was terrible. It took forever to get anyone's attention once we got seated. There were 4 of us and the service unfortunately will make me not rate this place very high. Also bring your wallet......
2	just got back from a 3 day mid-week stay at Wynn, our first time there.  Nice hotel, great buffet, staff was friendly, all as expected.   The resort fee of $ 25 per day covers the usual (WiFi, gym, pool, etc).  My one complaint:  We went to the pool on a somewhat cool day (mid 60s) to get a little sun.  The main pool is closed for the season (no big deal), but they have the smaller Sunset pool open.  It's a big rectangle shaped pool with 8 large round lounges in the pool, and chaises on all 4 sides of the pool.  Here's the problem: all the lounges in the pool, and all the chairs in the front row are "Reserved".  I asked the pool attendant who these chairs are reserved for...his answer..."People who pay for them".  I told him that my daily resort fee covered pool use. Not so much.Apparently, if you actually want a chair in the sun, you have to pay extra.  Of the 100+ people at the pool, nobody had paid for a "Reserved" seat.  No extra revenue for Wynn.  What they did accomplish was pissing off every single pool-using customer that was forced to take a chair in the shade.  This is not "5 Star Resort" level customer service.  Next time, we're going back to the Four Seasons.  They know how a high-end resort works.
5	Hands-down, my favorite place to stay in Vegas! Amazing (and more importantly, consistent) service and amenities. I have now stayed here 3 times and have zero complaints. Steve Wynn has really done an exceptional job to create the best hotel on the strip. The views from the hotel are amazing- I have stayed in the tower suites facing the strip and also facing the golf course- both are beautiful. Also LOVE SW Steahouse and Mizumi for sushi! Everyone should experience this hotel at least once in their life!
5	Stayed in a Villa and was absolutely amazed! We had our own private pool on the balcony of the villa. Anything we needed was at our beck and call and everyone was extremely nice! They made reservations for us at places they thought we would like without ever asking and there was always a person to drive us somewhere when needed. Ordered room service one morning and it was amazing! Would definitely stay here again.
3	Let me start by saying that the Wynn Las Vegas is an absolutey beautiful hotel. If you have ever been to Vegas and toured around many of the hotels (specially on the strip) you are hit right in the face every time you step foot in the Wynn just how elevated and above all others they really are. We decided to head to Vegas a day early and try a night at the Wynn (already booked at the Bellagio). Booked a Tower King room, Non-Smoking. Upon arrival greeted by the valet, bellman and off to a great start. The valet at the Wynn is much more intimate than most resort/hotels in Vegas. Sets the mood for the hotel experience at the  Wynn and I really like the difference. Then we hit the Registration Desk. Maybe it was the dud we ended up with, but considering the reputation and considerable expense just to say there we were expecting much better service. Maybe the clerk was not blessed with any discernible  personality, or maybe he was having a bad day? Either way check in was lacking in a big way. That can be overlooked, until you get to your room and open the door and are hit in the face with the powerful lingering smell of cigarette smoke. Yep, you guessed it. Even though I booked a Non-Smoking room......we ended up in a smoking room on an all smoking floor! The room itself was nice (if not totally in order), but I was on the phone immediately to request the Non-Smoking room I had reserved. Though the front desk operator was polite, I was informed that while I had requested a Non-Smoking room when making my reservation, that was not a guarantee. You would think this was a little tidbit the registration clerk would have mentioned? They put me on hold and when they came back on the line, I was informed that the only option available right away was a room with 2 full beds. That was unacceptable, and I really found it hard to believe that on a Wed. in Vegas the  Wynn had no other options available specially since they tried to pawn off an upgrade at check in because they had the room availability. I was placed back on hold and again informed that at that time the double bed option was the only option. I asked her several times what the wait time would be for a king bed option (as she implied that these rooms were coming avail.), and could not get a straight answer. Place on hold for a third time, and finally pay dirt! They did, in fact have a Tower room w/King bed ready to go. We were informed that our current key cards would work, just needed to head to the new floor/room and should be good to go. So, down the elevator bank and up another bank we went. As you can probably guess the key cards did not work so down to the registration desk we went. Thankfully there was separate registration desk in the Tower so not a long treck to have new keys issued. The second room was not completely ready to go, the furniture was also mismatched and dirty. My husband and I both got the impression that this was a kind of throw away room, somewhere you place the overflow. At the Wynn, you would have expected much, much more. Disappointed for sure. Our experience did improve from there however. We had a fabulous meal at Botero thanks to the recommendation from our bellman Bob. Room service the next morning was among some of the best we have ever had, and the food was wonderful. The Wynn manages to handle those details that most other hotel/resorts in Vegas lag way behind. This is noticed throughout the whole facility. Service at the registration desk upon check out was night and day from the day before. Will we be back? Maybe, if the price was right.
4	My gf's and I came here for her birthday. Her bf and his friends had deals for the hotel so I was glad to check it out since I've never been, only for the buffet ;) The inside is real nice and clean. Lots of pretty colorful decorations. Very nice gambling layout. A few nice restaurants and a cafe. We stayed at a room, that we got to luckily upgrade to 2 full size beds instead of 1 queen size.  We had a great view and at night it was so pretty. Right as we walked in it was real spacious, good layout and the lighting was real welcoming. I loved the bathroom. The sinks with a vanity in the middle. Perfect for 4 girls sharing a bathroom. And as you enter there's a huge mirror so you can look at yourself from head to toe. That's a plus for us ladies before we head out to the clubs and for selfies hahah. The bed was pretty comfy, which is always a plus. I went to the gym which is located in the spa area. The gym is a decent size. When you enter you check yourself in. They have towels, water and fruits. There is a few trainers on the floor. in the front is some treadmills and cardio machines. As you walk a bit towards the back there are weights and other machines. The gym was clean and great to get a quick work out session. Service was great! every time we asked for something they brought it up and always called to make sure we got what we asked for. Make sure to always have your room key because there is a worker in front of the elevators that you have to flash your room key to. Wynn is a great hotel and a good mix of people.
4	Overpriced, but then again you get what you pay for... I prefer staying at other nearby hotels. I probably won't stay here again, unless I get the same deal. Just don't see the value...
5	The staff from valet parking, registration, housekeeping, and dining were extremely friendly.  The view from our room was spectacular overlooking the strip.
5	My husband and I went here for his graduation present. I surprised him for graduating with a master's software engineering degree.  We had gotten the king deluxe suite. We had so much of a good time I don't think we will book anywhere else. This is it and will now on be our place to stay every time we go!
5	This is a first class hotel. This is my first choice of hotels in Vegas.  The beds are the best.
5	By far the best hotel on the strip!  Stayed in the tower suites and I'll be back again
5	I am not sure why some of the visitors give low rating.  We have stayed at this hotel more than 20 times and we've never been disappointed.  First class everything.  The restaurants, the exotic sceneries, the rooms, the buffet and the clubs are all second to none.  This is a very high-end hotel and most people are dressed very nicely.  It is the hotel to see and be seen.  This is what my wife and I call the beautiful people hotel.  Try the green juice at the cafe.  It's one of the best.  Also, only hotel to give out Fiji water when playing.  Everything is over the top.  Bring money because everything is a little more expensive here compared to other hotels and make sure you're ready to dress up.  Le Reve is also one of the best shows in Vegas.  It means "dream" and truly is like you're dreaming during this show.
5	Lovely hotel. Staff is professional, helpful, and polite. Hotel is beautiful. People inside are well dressed. Everything in the hotel is just very pleasing to the eyes. Great restaurants inside and the best clubs.
4	The hotel was beautiful--great lobby, nice restaurants (I loved the buffet!) and pretty, large, clean rooms. The bathtub is big enough for 2 (or maybe 3, wink wink) and the bed was very comfortable.  The only negative experience I had was that the front desk staff wouldn't let us check in. We arrived at 12:30AM and they said we could check in at 5AM. We offered to pay the $350 night fee for the early check in, and they said it would be $700 (for 5.5 hours!) WTF? Needless to say we spend the 5.5 hours sleeping in the sports betting room until we could check in....they definitely did not go out of their way to make sure we were satisfied customers. Then put us in a shitty low room facing a parking lot...I would return, though Mandalay Bay and the Venetian are still higher on my list!
5	Okay, so I am changing my review of this hotel as I was upset about an admin fee on a return and they sent me an apology as well as refunded my credit card.  I am sincerely impressed by their customer service and I would stay there again.
4	Great restaurants and cafes here. If you're casino hopping and looking for good food, this is the place to stop!
5	I stayed here with my sister and some friends.  It's one of the nicest hotels in Vegas.  We had 2 rooms with a connecting door, and 2 roll out beds.  The rooms were pretty quiet, spacious, and cold due to the blasting of the A/C.  The setup of the hotel/casino is great; it's huge.  You can walk or sit around and people watch.  The crowd is diverse.  We even had some people coming up to us asking questions, promoting, or hollering.  Lastly, if you want to use the internet or gym, of course, you must pay for usage, duh.The pool area was nice.  Too bad no real pool party was going on.  My friends and I were too tired to head out to the other pool parties.  Hopefully we can make one next time...
4	What an amazing hotel...the room was gorgeous and clean with a nice fresh smell. Very spacious. Employees were all helpful and accommodating. I've stayed at other hotels on the strip and this one blew them away. My only complaint would be the prices of some things, but otherwise a great place to stay.
5	Wynn is by far the most classiest hotel/casino. I have stayed at almost all of the 4-5 star hotels at Vegas but none of them come close to Wynn's level. XS and Surrender are great clubs, their restaurants are amazing (SW Steakhouse), the rooms are spacious with good views. I always stay at the Wynn no matter what.
5	At registration desk : JJ was very attentive AND CHRISTAL , Lian was very patientionally helped my difficult request and I appreciated ! That's why I prefer pick WYNN even little more expensive . It's very beautiful hotel and staff are all awesome . They try to give me what I want as much as they can... I really love this hotel. I try stay other nice hotels but that was not complete like here. And just staff work here are really great people.
5	At registration desk : JJ was very attentive AND CHRISTAL , Lian was very patientionally helped my difficult request and I appreciated ! That's why I prefer pick WYNN even little more expensive . It's very beautiful hotel and staff are all awesome . They try to give me what I want as much as they can... I really love this hotel. I try stay other nice hotels but that was not complete like here. And just staff work here are really great people.
5	Absolutely the best hotel in Vegas. ...I've stayed at all top resorts abd and wynn is heads and shoulders above  them all.
5	The hotel is pretty. Most beautiful in Vegas. That's no doubt. Restaurants, shops and entertainment are luxurious. Rooms are spacious, comfortable, have nice views, and service is friendly. One problem that people post very often about Wynn is that, lower floors are able to hear the noise from the nightclubs at night. Based on my experiences, I've stayed there a couple times, in lower floors and I did not hear a thing. (Yes, i was facing the golf course and yes, I think it was Skrillex who was playing in XS that night). Other problem people complain a lot about the hotel, is that they charge an expensive, "secret" resort fee for the uses of pools, spa, etc. Once again, based on my experiences, I can tell you that the resort fee is expensive, but it is no secret. From the moment you arrive to the registration area, staff will ask you if you agree to pay the resort fee. Let's not forget this is a luxury hotel, and even though I think the resort fee is expensive, it is very well worth it. Those are the problems people post very often, other complains include: long lines, security, etc. All I can think of, is that maybe those people had bad luck and experienced a not very enjoyable stay, because overall, the hotel is prepared to give the ultimate vegas experience. My Tip: This is a hotel that has a lot to offer, but in order to do that, your budget has to be prepared. It is not an ideal hotel for people who are looking forward to save money or buy a shirt that is not above 1000 dollars.
5	The highest end hotel in Vegas, Steve Weinberg (now Wynn) once sat, literally, on top of this hotel with his legs dangling off the edge to brag about how great it was compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip.  He was correct.
1	My husband and I were visiting from LA for a 2 nights stay at Wynn. During our stay, my husband got a really bad allergic reaction to the sheets in our room. He woke up with bumps and redness all over his body. So I called the front desk to report this problem. The security guy came to our room in time and they called  paramedic for us. The paramedic crews gave my husband a shot and he felt better after that. Then the security told us they will have the sheets changed for us, we asked for a new room since we do not feel comfortable in that room. When I was picking up the new key in the front desk, (Holly is the one who helped me, she is really nice and helpful) I talked to the hotel manager Shawn. After I told him my husband felt extremely uncomfortable about the allergy and it might be allergic to the sheets in our room.(My husband never had allergic reaction before). He tried to push the responsibility of this incident, he said "I have allergy too, I am taking pills. Your husband's reaction may not be related to our hotel and we have no control about allergy " He was very polite to me but every sentence he said is about " my husband's reaction is nothing related to the hotel." Then I tried to explain to him that my husband has a meeting tomorrow morning in LA, but we may not drive four hours back under my husband's physical condition. So we may extend one more night of our stay in Wynn. He said it is fine to stay one more night,  but hotel is not responsible for the charge. I told him we are already facing a loss since my husband had to cancel the meeting which is really important. I did not blame the hotel for the allergy, but I need a proper solution to the problem that we have during our stay. And I quote what he said to me "we have over 5000 guests everyday, we cannot give complimentary stay due to guests' PERSONAL ISSUES, I hope you understand my hands are tight. If you have more question you should contact guest claim department since they are PROFESSIONAL" I was really disappoint to his reply but since my husband was still waiting for me in the room, I decided to pay for the extra night and let my husband rest well(he was very tired and dizzy after the shot). Then I told Shawn I need the hypoallergenic sheets in my new room, he said he will contact house keeping department immediately to change them. When we got into the new room, my husband lay down because he was so dizzy and uncomfortable, we assumed that the sheets have already been changed. After 20 minutes I received a call said they will have someone to change the sheets and towels, I said okay and told my husband to get off the bed immediately since we did not know those sheets were not hypoallergenic. Unfortunately he started to have more reaction on his skin where touched the sheets and pillows(face and upper arm since he was wearing t shirt and pants)  We sat on the sofa waited for more than one hour for the hypoallergenic sheets to come, then I asked Holly to contact security again since my husband felt worse over time The paramedics came again and suggested my husband to take some antiallergic pills which are sold in the shop downstairs. The housekeeping lady changed the sheets and towels AFTER 2 hours we moved to a new room. After the paramedics left, I called Holly to ask Shawn come to my room so he can see my husband's condition. Shawn called me back said he couldn't come to our room at the time since he has a MEETING afterwards. I told him we were very disappointed for their response since we have to wait so long to get our sheets changed in our new room. He told me that because I said my husband was resting so they do not want to disturb us, and the hypoallergenic sheets required time to prepare.  In fact, the housekeeping department already had my permission to change those sheets, they just never came. I told Shawn I was tired of all the excuses and lacking of attention, and I needed guest claims department to contact me ASAP. When the lady from guests claims contacted me ( I believe her last name was Matthew, could be wrong) she kept question me what do I want him to do over and over again, I told her everything had already happened and they did not gave me any options since the beginning. She said she is sorry that they disappointed us, but she could not gave us a free night of stay and they could not control allergy reactions. Then she questioned me why did my husband laid down when he knew the sheets were not changed. WHO THE HELL WOULD DO THAT! The attitude she gave me made me feel so cheap that we could trade my husband's health for one free night of stay. Then she kept telling me that because I said my husband needs to rest, so they would not disturb us to change the sheets, and the hypoallergenic sheets need time to prepare. But the truth is we reported the allergic reaction around 11 am. The sheets were actually changed around 3:30 pm. MORE THAN 4 HOURS TO PREPARE THE DAMN SHEETS?C the update for the rest of story
4	The landscaping of this hotel is beautiful. I love the trees and plants around which gives it a very refreshing ambiance. The hotel is pretty spacious and love the fact that it's not as crowded like other hotels. The rooms are spacious and when you get a high floor, view can be quite nice. The only downside is the shops aren't as many and there aren't as much restaurants to pick from. Also, they are very strict and giving you extra blankets and bed in the room which I found quite weird. Other than that, I don't mind giving this hotel another shot.
5	This is by far the best hotel I have stayed at in Vegas. I am not a frequent visitor and have stayed at MGM and Mandalay the other 2 times.I got a very good rate using Priceline bidding and I was a little worried that I might be treated differently. I was also concerned that they would charge extra for my kids as they normally do show an extra charge for the kids when booking with them directly. My reservation showed a room with 1 king bed.My worries were quickly laid to rest. We got an excellent room on the 60th floor which was the highest floor on the non-Tower section. The staff was very friendly. I wasn't charged anything extra, although I did not mention kids. I did ask them if I could get a room with 2 Queen beds and they switched it without any issues.Another thing I had read was that Wynn did not allow strollers, but I did have any problem using one for our toddler. The staff would check room cards when going towards the Resort elevators but would always do it with a smile and would joke with my 10 year old.The rooms have a decent amount of automation which my kids loved. The swimming pool was open in early February and was heated. It was good to be able to go to the pool with the kids, though the pool wasn't anything special. The fact that it was open during the winters was one of the reasons I went for the bidding for this area and star level.
5	My friends and I went to Vegas for a few days; one of them had a free voucher for being a VIP guest so we were able to stay in one of their luxurious suites, the Panoramic Corner.  It had floor to ceiling windows where you can see an overview of the Strip!  The room was very spacious with a work area, beautiful marble bath, a separate shower, even a water closet with a flat screen TV - yahoo!  clean lines, bright, and very nice!  The beds were very comfortable with lovely sheets.  The hotel has several dining options on-site, some nightclubs, as well as the home of some of the shows (like the Le Reve).  Definitely a nice hotel on the southern part of the Strip to stay at if you're in town; they have shuttles and public transportation that comes frequently.
5	I will never stay anywhere else again. I have stayed at the Cosmo, I have seen the Bellagio and several other of the hotels. My experience here was amazing because I have several food allergies like gluten and dairy and every restaurant was so helpful and also delicious. The clientele here is above board, classy, and the hotel never felt like a zoo like some of the other hotels. I also appreciate that the scene here is more mature, not the trying to get laid scene like at the Cosmo. Every single staff member was professional and friendly. The casino was clean and beautiful The whole place smells like flowers, and the grounds are amazing. I can't wait to go back.
2	First off I feel very weird here. It's like they hide trash cans because they look bad... That's the dumbest thing ever... Oh wait... I just paid $11 to each someone microwave old Mac n cheese for me! And they don't even try and hide it. "The Cafe" is really the opposite. The workers are so happy because of the "Wynn" way! I asked if that was my meal being scooped out of container Awkwardly as if it was breaking concrete. Honestly, if your by yourself, there's 0, yes ZERO realistic quick food options. This place needs more... Way more!
5	Pricey but reasonable!  Best place to go to in Las Vegas best hotel best in everything!
1	If you want a good nights sleep don't stay here. Really. Don't stay here. When we walked into the hotel we were amazed by the inventive beauty of the lobby, the beautiful fresh flowers, the eye to design detail. When we checked in the lovely woman at the front desk suggested that we upgrade our room to a higher floor because it would be quieter. So we did. We went to our room on the 59th floor and were amazed....it was a spectacular room. As we walked in we turned the lights on and with one switch the lights went on and the drapes opened automatically, displaying an amazing view of the golf course. So far so amazing! There are three of us in our family and I thought it was strange that they had only two bed options...a king size or two DOUBLE beds. No double queen beds. I thought that was a little strange. Who doesn't have double queens? Who, in this day of comfort, uses double beds?When it came time to go to bed we hit the switch from one of the automatic lighting panels to turn all lights off, and the lights didn't go off. There were red lights shining down on the two pieces of art. There were three red spot lights shining down from the ceiling that would not turn off. Then there was the control panel that was lit up like the dash board of a 747. The only control panel that went dark was the temperature panel. The other four were shinning brightly.  There was a red spot light in the hall way that would not turn off. Seriously. I s#*t you not. Have you ever heard of such an amazingly awful thing in a hotel room? We sleep in a totally dark room. It's been proven to provide a deeper, mor complete sleep. I can not freaking believe that a hotel would go to such lengths to create such a beautiful space without paying any attention to the comfort of the client. And the beds were extra firm mattresses. So uncomfortable. And did I mention the disco beat that we could hear all night long? Yes, it's true. It was a constant and continual beat. All night. No wonder she encouraged us to upgrade our room. I'm so glad we did. We stayed at the mirage the night before coming to the Wynn and had an excellent experience. The room was not fancy, but the beds were comfortable and the room was dark! Do not EVER stay at the Wynn I'd you want to sleep. And when in Vegas, you do need at least a few hours of complete down time!
5	this review is for last summer experience! We stayed 7days at Wynn Tower suite for romantic get away  :) this place is most beautiful hotel in las vegas !! best service !
5	I love the Wynn. The staff, rooms and whole experience was great. They have good bacon too. I paid a lot for coffee at their cafe and it was made wrong, but the lovely young man, Dejaun, fixed it promptly and made me feel valued. I would def stay here again and hopefully get to golf their one day.
4	I've stayed at the Wynn a few times in the past but it's been a few years since I had the opportunity to return. We got a great deal set up for our Vegas vacation this year and we booked one of the king sized rooms with panoramic view. The Wynn is a pretty amazing hotel! Our view overlooking the strip was beautiful, our room amazing (omg I love the sheets), and bathroom was just as amazing as I remembered it (large, two sinks, separated watercloset, *HUGE* tub). The service is great and we were well taken care of.Two of the things I love about the Wynn: the pool/resort area (those pools are beautiful); and the mojitos with a sugar cane stick! I was able to take advantage of both and we were treated to a very interesting (and strange!) music show/display at the waterfall area. We also visited two restaurants in the Wynn (The Buffet, which I've attended before, and Red 8). I would happily stay at the Wynn again, it's one of the more enjoyable and nicer hotels along the strip. One of the only drawbacks is it's located at the far end of the strip. There's a mall across the street from the hotel with quite a few stores for shopping, as well as some corner store options, but I didn't manage to locate a drugstore in there (not saying there isn't one, I just didn't look very hard to locate one).
4	The room was great the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the slow service...   Room service..  Extra pillow.  All took way too long.    LOVE this hotel though!!! One of the best!!!!!
5	Very nice classy Hotel/ Casino Resort. Won the most here I've ever won at any casino.9 out of 10 Vegas Cabbies recommended this place. Great drinks, fast service. Somewhat of a higher minimum on tables than most places ($25). Maybe that was just because it was the weekend though.Had dinner at the luxurious SW Steakhouse, sat outside on their terrace and enjoyed a water show about every 15mins. Food was delicious, presented perfectly and again service all around was nice! Had a great time. This place is on my the top of my list anytime I visit Vegas!
5	Stayed here recently for a business trip. I live locally while the rest of my company is in CA, so it wasn't much of a "trip". But staying at the Wynn made it feel like a real vacation! The rooms are beautiful, especially if you can get the golf course view. The amenities are great, service was excellent. My favorite part about the hotel was the bed! Most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on. I didn't gamble at the Wynn, so can't comment on the casino. If you can afford it, it's definitely worth staying here!
5	It's so beeeeyooootiful! I loved it here (and I really, really liked the sheer lotus curtains in our room) and loved how it was close enough to xs to just walk indoors there, but far away enough so you didn't have to hear all the noise if you didn't want to.
4	The Wynn is by far one of the most beautiful hotels in Las Vegas. It's very grand and makes you feel like a King or a Queen. This was our first time to stay here and we enjoyed the room and the level of service provided the entire stay. They work to make you feel really special.The casino is not that crowded so it's easy to find a slot machine or table to gamble. We tried a few of their amazing restaurants and were pleased with all of them. Everywhere you look there is beautiful, fresh flowers. It's absolutely breath taking!! I visited the spa and was amazed by how beautiful it was. It felt very European. Their services are first class and absolutely one of the best massages I have ever received. I highly recommend the spa and hotel. The pool area was not my favorite. It's not that big and it felt crowded and the food and drink service was lacking for such a nice hotel. Overall I feel like the entire experience was really good. I just don't know that it was totally worth the extra money it takes to stay here. We have stayed in other hotels that are less expensive and have enjoyed them just as well. Needless to say we did have a great time!
5	Just lovely...if you are a local or visitor go check out the flowers in the lobby and other areas. He does an amazing job with these. Great rooms, restaurants, and other amenities.
5	Wynn Sweet Wynn...Personally, I feel It's the only way to do Las Vegas right. Your one stop destination that offers only the best of Vegas (Luxury, gaming, entertainment, dining, day pools, spa treatments, nightlife and beautiful people.). It's worth the splurge every now and then. If you're on a budget, join their Red Card membership and take advantage of their frequent specials. Weeknights are affordable. Weekends rates are definitely eye openers, if you're not a so called "baller", but if you book smart online it's attainable. This world class hotel sets the bar by far and will lead you to wanting more of that Steve Wynn experience.
5	Sexy people everywhere
2	This hotel isn't a good place for someone who doesn't drink or gamble, it's confusing and it was difficult trying to get our bags up to our rooms or to find the check in counters from the self park. The rooms were large and comfortable,  the view was of the car park so was pretty crappy, you can't use the fridge to keep any drinks cool as they will charge you if you do (I guess they want to encourage their customers to use the bars). The resort fee is a ripoff we didn't even use the pool because it closes so early so $75 for 3 days of internet (an hour a day of actual use) is a joke.The hotel seems to care more about it's encore and casino guests rather than the wynn guests. Service is not great and the buffet breakfast is of low quality (more about variety), not worth it, save your money and go to a cafe outside the hotel.We wanted to use the bathtub on the last night but when we filled it we noticed gross things floating on top like body hair and fluff! So disgusting and when I  told the reception at check out he just said sorry, not good enough for a $300 a night room! Educate your staff to deal with issues better. I didn't enjoy my stay and I'll warn anyone against it, so hyped up over nothing. Maybe it's enjoyable if you are drunk or have never stayed in a nice hotel before.
5	We went to this hotel just for the brunch because we stayed in a different hotel, which was, unfortunately, not the best.  I would like to commend the people here for a job well done.  I thought my wallet was stolen somewhere when we were shopping but it was found by someone in this hotel.  He could be anybody, a guest or an employee there.  But whoever he is, God bless his heart.  The service here is so great and employees are well dressed.  Thank you for your great help.
5	Come check out the show La Reve! It was cool. I would definitely come back and watch it again.
5	Stayed here once when I went to Vegas with my bf the first time. The room is superb.. nice bed, huge window with strip view, iPad/iPhone speakers (not for recently models though), spacious bathroom... It's the best.
5	The Wynn is a true high end hotel and casino. Built where the old Desert Inn used to be, they still have the golf course, it and it's sister property the Encore  make up a high end vacation destination.They have several bars and restaurants off the casino floor and an awesome buffet.This is a full amenity resort with a great show, wonderful spa, and golf course.My favorite place to stay.
5	my family stayed here for a business trip may 12-16.  wow is worth 5 stars!   when we finally made it to self parking we had no problem making our way to the registration desk.  why?  i'm sure we looked lost and the wynn employees with purple jackets were more than helpful.  they directed us to the front desk.  amazing!the staff at the front desk were amazing.  i loved the service.  my only issue was deciding on not paying $15 per entry for the fitness center.  i ran up and down the strip every morning at 5 am for free.the room was amazing!  it was almost too nice for a family with 2 young boys to stay in.  lol.  the room was amazing.  the huge window view of the strip was amazing.  the bed was probably the best part of my business trip!  i loved how with a push of 1 button we were able to turn everything on or off.the restaurant choices in the wynn was amazing.  we are able to enjoy the buffet too.  we don't gamble and even if we did we probably couldn't afford the minimums at the tables.  lol.  we lost our car keys and had no trouble being directed to the lost & found and we retrieved our keys.the pool was amazing for the family.  and for your information european  sunbathing is available at the wynn.  lol.the wynn is probably not the best place to take the family with small kids.  i'm sure there are far better options for young families.
5	Back at the Wynn in the Tower Suites. In my mind still one of the best places to stay in Vegas. Rooms are well appointed and spacious. Having the separate entrance and guest registration for the Tower Suites is fabulous as you avoid the cattle call at the main guest registration. SW Restaurant is great and  Wing Lei is pretty good if you want a more casual meal. Gym is excellent and plenty of good shopping without having to leave the property. Want to expand your choices, go right next door to the Encore.  A really nice property that compares well with the best in the city.
5	If you have the means I highly recommend an upgrade to a tower suite. Oh and room service is so much better than having to other people. Can't wait to do it again.
1	I've been here over 20 times. I even brought friends! I've lost at least two thousand each time. My friends a $1000. I'm not coming back . Embarrassing!!!! At least let us play!!! This casino takes ur money within 20 min. Most casinos let u enjoy the night if u spend that much. This one sucks it up!!! Don't go!!!
5	All the time I've lived in Las Vegas and this is my first trip to the Wynn.  I've been the Ballagio after Wynn heretofor known as "the hell hole".  Waling through the Wynn, the casino, the shops and dining there you can see what Steve Wynn is famous for... attention to detail and perfection.I have no idea what the rooms are like but the casino was beautiful, up to date, I couldn't even smell cigarette smoke.  Spotless bathrooms.  Immediate assistance everywhere.  I wish I had a few grand to drop on a "staycation" with full spa services..I'll be going back for sure and probably to dine at one of the many restaurants.  I came mid day so went to the cafe and it was great so expect the same experience for a dinner date!!
5	One of thee most beautiful hotels EVER!
1	It was thursday 06/12/14 and it was our last day at the Wynn casino before our flight back home the next morning.  Right off the top  if anyone that reads this knows me you guys know I worked at foxwoods so u know that when it comes to blackjack I know my shit. I think I know a thing or two about how to deal blackjack and  what attitude an personality u need to have..u would think especially in Las Vegas that all the dealers are  a little more up beat. I ran into a dealer by the the name of STEVE who was an elderly dealer with two gold bracelets on his right wrist and fairly not so nice attitude. I didn't think much of his persona or attitude because frankly he didn't have one and the part that got me pissed off to even say I will NEVER step foot into Wynn again is that he told me I didn't know how to play blackjack. I asked him clearly and asked him to repeat what he said and bluntly he said "you do not know how to play blackjack" joking or not joking as a dealer who make most of their money from tips should clearly be fired. It doesn't matter if your are a $10 player or a millionaire whale!  You NEVER, NEVER.  ever under any circumstance say those word to anyone even if they don't know how to play. So unfortunately because of this one dealer Wynn will no longer be seeing us their. Thank u Mr asian dealer for making this happen it would have been 5 stars now because of u Wynn casino will only be getting 1 star
4	This would be 4.5 stars.My second trip to Las Vegas with my wife.  First trip was back in February 2004 at The Bellagio in a standard room.  That was a 5 star experience due mostly to the staff, quality of the property and amenities.  That was 10 years ago but it is all I have to compare to this trip, which I will do.We stayed at a Parlor Suite on the 38th floor with a strip view.  Hands down, this was the finest room I've ever stayed in a hotel or resort.  Including places such as The Ritz Carlton in Battery Park, The Plaza in NYC, The Beverly Hills Hotel and the fore mentioned Bellagio.  The Wynn property is by far, the most beautiful I've ever seen.  All top notch appointments and the quality and detail of virtually everything Wynn, is second to none!We dined at:  Zoozacrackers Deli, The Buffet (lunch and dinner) and SW Steakhouse.  The deli was good and on the high side of reasonable in price but after all, it's The Wynn we're talking about here so quality ambience comes at a premium.  The Buffet for lunch was very good and worth the money while the quality of the food was decent considering it was a buffet.  Dinner however, was disappointing.  Fairly poor service, inattentive wait staff and some of the offerings weren't all that hot.  Avoid the crab legs but the carved prime rib was pretty tasty and savory.SW Steakhouse was altogether different.  Pricey but "exceptional".  Attentive, professional and courteous staff that appreciated our desire to keep a handle on the budget for the meal yet still treated us as well as the high rollers all around us.  I cannot say enough good things about this group of people whom served us quite possibly the finest Rib Eye ever.  The aged steak was brazed to perfection and was so tender, you could cut it with a butter knife.  My tastebuds were literally in fantasyland!  The bill came to $240 for two, including wine, a side dish, dessert and tip.  Money well spent.Where The Wynn falls short is on two issues.First, for staying in a expensive suite, I did not feel "pampered".  Certainly not as we did at The Bellagio ten years ago.  While things may have changed everywhere in regards to staff issues, our service here overall was "good" but not "great".  The second issue which is on the same concept, was the valet.  We arrived in the afternoon in a rental car which was a Chevy Impala.  The valet did not attend to us the way I would expect as the valet for the Tower Suites, is located separate from the general entrance.  By the 6th night, I would think that the attendants would recognize a suite guest and act accordingly.  Not that such service should differ for anyone but a paying guest in a top category room, should be treated much better than we were.  My wife had to open her own door and twice, I had to approach the staff for service.  We got better service at the casino valet at the MGM which is unacceptable considering the cost of our stay.  This may sound trivial and maybe it is.  However, premium hotels should have premium standards.  When "common" people like myself, choose to splurge a bit for a quality experience, I should have an expectation that this experience, should be just as good as it is for high rollers.I still highly recommend The Wynn and in most regards, it is a premier resort.NOTE:  we don't gamble, so I can't evaluate the very plush casino.  Other than to say that the cigarette smoke is a bit annoying but it isn't nearly as bad as it is in some lower caliber casinos.  It looks very nice though.
4	I will be short ..Best in class all the way..Steve Wynn. Style. Expensive you get what you pay for.Single twenties thirties..try Encore.One star less  pool overcrowding.lots of encore guests use Wynn pool. Otherwise savor and enjoy,,Employees top notch.
5	The Wynn Resort is simply the best in Las Vegas! Every aspect of this place is immaculate, and the employees are professional and courteous, unlike the others. Steve Wynn hit it out of the park again. This time, a grand slam!
1	A few years ago I went to XS Club and loved it that I planned to celebrate my birthday there the following year.  Not wanting to deal with the hassles of getting hooked up to the club, I decided to make reservations for one room at the Wynn Hotel.  I was told that as a guest, I would be able to purchase tickets for the club.  On the big day of my birthday, with 7 friends and family in tow, we headed to the concierge to buy tickets.  They would only allow us 4 tickets per room which meant I couldn't buy tickets for the remaining 4.  We asked if we could ask any of their guests if they would be willing to let us buy tickets from their room, which they were fine with, however it came with a catch.  They had to be charged to the room.  At that point, we didn't feel confident asking guests this favor even though we had the cash to pay for them, especially when we spent the last 30 minutes pleading to the concierge, which is a joke.  These fancy hotels and their fake concierge services are just people selling you tickets.  They can't hook you up, they can't work around their "system", and are completely inflexible, despite the fact this was my birthday!!  This really bummed me out because I had planned for this event for months and made several calls to their reservation and concierge service, and they assured me that I would be able to get into XS Club.  No one ever mentioned that there was a limit per room and that they had to be charged to the room.  How INCONVENIENT is that??!!To make matters worse, I lost my camera at Tryst the previous night.  I came by the club the next day and asked security to see if they would let me so I can look for it.  They gave me the run-around, sent me to Lost & Found, asked me to talk to their managers who were no help at all.  I returned back to the club and pleaded with security to let me look for it, and they just gave me a bunch of excuses. That camera held thousands of photos from my trip to Northern and Eastern Europe which I completed before I headed to Las Vegas for my birthday.Hence my entire birthday was ABSOLUTELY RUINED!! Everybody on their staff from the concierge to security was ridiculously USELESS!!  I was almost in tears having lost my camera containing memories from a once-in-a-lifetime trip to Europe with my aging parents, and extremely upset over the fact that I was not fully informed of their ticket purchasing policy, and how inflexible every single person was.  Not one person had any compassion about my plight and just kept telling me, it's their policy.  Yes I understand the merits of policies and you have to have them to have structure and order especially running a huge establishment, but I think it's fair to say, my situation was an extenuating one.My friend filled out an online survey complaining about the issues we had and received a reply from Brett Rubin who responded apologizing for the AWFUL SERVICE. He wrote that "Please be assured that your comments have been shared with our management team and will be reviewed with the highest regard"  but no steps were taken to redeem the situation. I then wrote a letter to the President, Marilyn Spiegel and never heard back as well.I read almost every single review and most are positive with remarks about the comfort of the beds, the luxurious rooms, the beautiful architectural designs, cool clubs, etc.  However, the negative reviews all have to do with POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!  One reviewer wrote about a rude black jack dealer, another about being with his family and how they were mistreated at the restaurant, and the list goes on and on and on.Yes, they score high with their aesthetics and amenities, but they SUCK when it comes to taking care of their patrons, when they have PROBLEMS.  Of course the staff is friendly to you, but when you have a problem, they have no idea how to help you out or solve it, without resorting to, "it's our policy."  I'm sorry, but that's just another way of saying, "it's not my problem."  Yeah, you're right it isn't your problem that I lost my camera but when you don't allow me the opportunity to double-check your facilities and trusting that your own cleaning crew won't steal a camera they see is ignorant and negligent.  Secondly, their staff misinformed me about buying tickets to your club.  Each time they assured me that entry will not be a problem being a guest in the hotel.  I might as well stayed somewhere cheaper like the Trump Hotel of Hard Rock Hotel where I still get the luxuries the Wynn has, and bribe the freaking doorman to let me and my friends in, or show boobs!  I just didn't want to deal with that crap and decided to go the safe way, and that still didn't work out.In closing, provided that you don't run into a problem then you may have a good experience.  But if you do have a problem, just remember, "it's our policy" to not [fill in the blank.]BTW, Yelp won't allow me to give ZERO STARS so I was forced to give it one!
4	After staying a few times the encore and wynn I was really impressed with mostly everything but the casino. They have great rooms very clean and modern. The room service and house keeping has a very professional team working making sure everything is to the guest satisfaction.Great night life and restaurants.I will probably visit the resort again soon.
5	The check in process was fast, and gentlemen was very friendly. Upon entering the room everything was clean and smelled quite pleasant. The tv and vanity mirror are the only two things that didn't work too well...they're well worn and need to be replaced. As with any of the finer hotels in Las Vegas, the drinks and food are pricey, but the staff is attentive and beautiful (cocktail waitresses). I was here for business but would come back for pleasure to really let loose.
4	I loved staying here. The rooms are modern and chic. The view is pretty amazing also. The food in general tastes better than Paris Las Vegas and Bally's. There's free, good wifi in the public areas of the hotel. Everybody on staff are courteous and helpful.The only issues are that you have to pay $16 for wifi in your room for each device (but it's like that in every large Vegas hotel I've been to. At least this place is free downstairs), and it does smell like cigarettes everywhere. Also, some of the guests staying on the non-smoking floors don't care and smoke there anyway.
5	Just came back from 5 nights at Wynn.  I have been staying and celebrating my birthday here for the last 4 years.    We have visited and gambled at most of the hotels and all the newer hotels...but this is the only hotel that I will stay at in Las Vegas!  The service is fantastic, as are the rooms and the restaurants in Wynn & Encore.  We have always had the rooms with the wall-to-wall view of the golf course.  In the casino, there are always staff cleaning, pushing in the chairs, and serving drinks.  Whenever I go to any other hotel in Vegas, it always feels like a zoo and definitely not as clean! Minor things to note: the wifi in the rooms are not always stable.  There are no coffee machines in the rooms, however, the coffee at Wynn's Drugstore Cafe I bought everyday is great.Thank you for another wonderful stay, Wynn.  Although we casino hop and check out the other hotels during our visits like when we go watch shows, nothing compares to Wynn and I will not stay anywhere else.  Beautiful hotel and we always receive great service.  See you next year.
4	Wynn has been my favorite Vegas hotel since they opened in the fall of 2005. Steve Wynn doesn't oversee daily operations and every tiny detail the way he did in the beginning, and it's evident, but for my money it's still the best place to stay in Vegas. The restaurants, especially SW, are world class, the rooms are luxurious, and the "feel" of the hotel is like you belong to an elite club. Beautiful flowers, architecture, and people are everywhere you turn. It's a fantastic escape from the drudgery of everyday life. I only withheld a star because there are details not worth mentioning that go untended, but that make the difference between a 4-star versus a 5-star resort.
1	For such a nice hotel you would think there customer service would be up to par. Upon check in the staff was suppose to have in room surprise amenities awaiting my wife which they were not.(set up a week in advance) There form of an apology was a "room upgrade"... Same room just a few floors higher. The T.V did not work and neither did the in room movie service. There excuse was there are thousands of rooms and they can not keep them all working all the time. Nothing was offered for that. At adult pool apparently all the front row chairs are reserved for cabanas. Which is fine but make sure they are marked. We had a cabana waitress come over and yell at my wife to move because we did not have a cabana. Not even a please just yelled at her to move. The chairs she was sitting in were not marked in any way. All they had to eat at the pool was pre packaged sandwiches and when you are allergic to certain things it makes it pointless. I was so taken back on this trip. Upon checkout and speaking to multiple people no one even cared. They got our money and they were done with us. It was our first Time staying there and we will not be going back. Should have stuck with the Bellagio which we are use to and will stay there from now on!! They had me fill out a comment card... Like I will ever hear anything back on that one what a joke.
4	I wish I could live here. All their rooms are suite styled and are very spacious. The beds are super comfy and I like how the drapes are electric and the lights are controlled by this iPad looking like remote. Super convenient if you plan on going to xs, surrender, and or encore beach!
5	Amazing! It is by far my favourite casino, I almost don't mind losing money here. The whole place is just beautiful, not a detail was forgotten when they put this place together. The dealers are the friendliest in Vegas and the drinks are always excellent.I play Poker Pai Gow there and have had the same dealers and pit bosses for the last few years.I have never stayed at The Wynn just its sister casino The Encore, which is equally lovely.
5	This weekend my family and I stayed at the Wynn Resort and it was without a doubt the most wonderful experience we have ever had at a hotel establishment. From the moment that we arrived we were made to feel welcome. There seemed to be a genuine feeling of appreciation for my family and I booking our room here. The entire staff went out of their way to be accommodating and helpful. To me, it was the little things that really stood out. From the quick valet car retrieval, to the personal greeting by name when I called down to the front desk, to the meticulous labeling of my laptop bag with a "fragile" tag for safe handling. Our whole weekend was perfection from start to finish. We will without a doubt return with great haste as soon as humanly possible. P.S. and the view of the golf course .......... BREATHTAKING
5	So glad to be pulling up to my favorite hotel and casino. I know everything will be just right. I'm always treated right customers are always first at the Wynn properties, the rooms are awesome, perfect for extra guest to sleep over, ok enough we are getting ready to check out some strip clubs.
5	I was here for a convention last week and it is an amazing hotel. You see how beautiful it is from the moment you walk in. Both the exterior and interior are very classy. The staff are very friendly and courteous. I didn't gamble much because I was at the convention but I walked through the casino to get to the convention center, rooms, and restaurants and it is very nice. The room we stayed in was on the 29th floor and had a breathtaking view of the strip and all the way west of Las Vegas to Summerlin and the Red Rock mountains. Everything in the room was unbelievable, the bed, the shower, etc. I had forgotten my razor blade and housekeeping brought it up right away. And the bellmen are timely and courteous. We couldn't fall asleep one night because our neighbors were noisy past midnight (on a Thursday night, but it is Vegas after all). They were kind enough to change our room for the rest of the stay. I'm not sure what the regular price was but I paid $ 150 - $ 200 per night. This was the convention rate and I am sure the regular rate is much higher, especially on holidays such as New Year. Definitely worth a visit.
4	"Pure Luxury At It's Finest!"Steve Wynn outdid himself when he built this and the Encore Hotel! The ambiance of this who entire place just screams luxurious and has such great customer service that it's hard to beat! I only stayed one night in one of the tower king room's but if you can catch a good price even if it's just for one night I recommend that you stay here! The buffet is out of this world! Go prepared to be stuffed!!
5	We really enjoyed our stay here. The staff was extremely attentive, the room felt luxurious enough to warrant the price (we were in the Tower, an upgrade we made at checkin for a very sweet deal). I loved the bathrobes and flirted with the idea of buying one until I saw the tag in the hotel store (200 dollars, alas).The more secluded pool you get when you upgrade was very nice and not crowded, with prompt service by the extremely helpful eyecandy, I mean staff.Our room deal included tickets to Le Reve, which was incredible. If you have a chance to see it I highly recommend you do. Much better than O in my opinion, but in a similar vein, combining dance and gymnastics and diving, with artistry in the visual effects that is mind blowing.We also ate at their breakfast buffet, at 10:45 which it turns out is a good time to go- you can eat both the breakfast and lunch menus as they transition over. The bottomless margaritas were a good deal, since we definitely got into the spirit of the "bottomless" part.  I was very impressed at the variety of dishes, and how good they were considering it was a buffet. I'm trying to remember what we had, but the names of specific dishes seem to have been drowned in the sea of OJ and bubbly.The casino did NOT smell like cigarette smoke, which is always a plus for me. We only saw it as we passed through, as we weren't there to gamble.Save up your $$$ and give it a try.
4	3 stars for the pool. Why is it so warm? I understand that it was 105 degrees throughout the day but isn't there something that can be done to cool the water so it doesn't feel like a bath tub? Secondly, put some caution signs to warn your guests about the grounds being slippery when wet. I slipped on the steps walking over he bridge in the pool area. I never once saw a sign posted anywhere and saw multiple and large puddles of water. When I called to make a complaint, the security guard said that he agreed they should put more signs to heed caution and that the wynn does put ONE sign in an unnoticeable area. I recommended they put a caution sign for those like myself who may be a little clumsy and need forewarning. 5 stars for the gym. The cleanest, nicest, accommodating gym I have ever been too. Overall, really enjoyed the hotel. The hotel staff was very nice and always wished you a good day and a smile.
5	I should have written this review awhile ago because I stay here or at the encore several times a year. It is honestly my favorite hotel and I've stayed at several in Vegas.  It's right at the beginning of the strip and when I stay I rarely leave this resort because it has so much...shopping, amazing dining and a cirque show, as well as three night clubs.  It's also super clean and never smells like smoke and their staff is so helpful and professional. Beautiful large suites and bathrooms. I'm a sucker for a great bathroom.  Every area from the pool to the gym is perfectly maintained.  If I stay at another hotel, I always find myself wishing I were at this one.
5	Beautiful hotel in the las vegas strip beautiful design the service is good the people are very nice and the casino is amazing!!
1	The reason for this one star review is because there is NO possibility of sleep at this hotel on the weekends and they simply don't care. It is 3:23AM as I write this with front desk informing me it will last till 4:00 AM. Like many who come here for conventions - this is deeply disturbing when one must get up early for work - and to pay high Vegas rates for a top property.
4	This hotel is beautiful and spacious.  There is no denying.  Unlike other hotels though.  It's located at the end of the Strip and when I went, I didn't get any comps which I was annoyed with.  I usually get complimentary services and such on all the other hotels.  When I decide to splurge on this hotel, I didn't get crap?  Ridiculous.  Management might want to show some appreciation to their guest when the guest is spending so much money here.The pool is to die for. Gorgeous trees surrounding their blue pools. I was seriously surprised their pool wasn't deep at all. At most it was 4 feet. We got the Wynn Deluxe Panoramic room. The room was magnificent.  Love the white and gold colored schemed decor as well as how cleaned it looked.  The window and view was spectacular, well worth spending to spoil for someone. Room was very well lit and everything was controlled by the cool remote stand near the bed.Maybe I would come back here but maybe for a special occasion.
5	This is one of the nicer hotel rooms I have stayed in. It had a beautiful view of the golf course and the pool from the 54th floor through a floor to ceiling panoramic window. Seriously, the whole exterior wall was made of glass, so beautiful. The decor was simple and colored white/light brown but there were splashes of color from various paintings hanging on the wall. The bed was super comfortable. We stayed for two nights and had a great time. We were comped two tickets to the show - Le Reve, The Dream. It was a great show. We were also comped a meal for two at the buffet. Upon checkout, I was informed that I received a single night stay comped with no strings attached for later in the year. Basically, the staff at The Wynn was very professional and super friendly with great attention to detail.IMHO, the only shortcomings are the location at the north end of the strip. Makes for a good walk if you want to get anywhere else. Also, the guests at the hotel seemed to me to be older, on average. It was so quiet on our floor,which was awesome, but I literally never saw anybody in the hallway after 11pm.  I was mindful of the fact that my coming and goings in the wee hours of the night, might have been an annoyance to some. Oh well, I didn't go to Vegas to be in bed early. LOL. The night clubs at the Wynn and Encore bring in younger people from other hotels but the overall feel is that it caters less to the party crowd than say, Caesar's for example.The Wynn is a beautiful hotel and I would love to stay there again.
1	Stated here once awhile back and the hotel itself is very nice. But the sheets had a blood stain on them that looked like dried up period blood. When calling the front desk they offered 120 bucks back on a room that cost 500. Yea I'll never stay here again!
5	It's still the best hotel in Las Vegas.  Maintenance and service are superb.  The normal rooms are plenty spacious and paying 3X as much for a suite is a waste, unless you enjoy spending the cash.  Like other places they have gotten cheap on the amenities, and put out enough shampoo for a mouse.  They will also sock you $25 if you put your own soda in the refrigerator.  They also hit you for a "resort fee" that covers the Internet and isn't listed as part of the price  We have been staying there since it opened and never been comped for anything.  Still, it's the best.
4	The Wynn is a classy yet fun hotel. It has an awesome pool for the kids, and great rooms! I also saw Kevin Durant there
5	I'm sharing a secret with you. This is my favorite hotel to stay and play in Vegas...and if you keep an eye on the rates, you might even score a night's stay at a decent price! Everything here is top of the line. From the scent in the air and the beauty of the design, to the cleanliness of the grounds and the friendliness of the staff, everything is an A+ experience. After all, any resort that perfects the floral world to the point of creating a mechanical carousal made entirely out of flowers deserves five stars in my book.The restaurants:Vegas is like Disneyland for adults and staying here is like staying at the Disneyland Hotel. The restaurants are culinary masterpieces with award winning chefs. There are almost too many restaurants to choose from, but I've enjoyed dining at SW Steakhouse, Lakeside, The Buffet, the grill in the sports book, the cafe and room service. I used to love getting a coffee and pastry at the chocolate cafe overlooking the waterfall, but during my last stay I was saddened to see that it had been replaced with a retail shop. Not only is the food excellent at the Wynn, but the ambiance is top notch as well. The shopping: Wallets be warned, shopping here could break the bank! However, it's pretty to enjoy while window shopping! They have many high end retailers in the Wynn, including Louis Vuitton, a Rolex store, Monolo Blahnik, Oscar De La Renta and the list goes on and on. The shops are gorgeous and the merchandise inside is even more gorgeous. And yes, they even have a Ferrari store inside the Wynn so if you hit the jackpot, you could drive away in your brand new Ferrari. Here's to dreaming big.The Casino: The table minimums never seem to go lower than $15 but then again, it's the Wynn. However, they do have rows and rows of gambling for all types of gamblers. You can even play the card game War!  The sports book is huge and filled with comfortable seating and plenty of tvs.The Hotel I just love the hotel. Where do I begin. First of all, the security here is great. You can't enter the elevator area without presenting your key and they will only provide a guest room with two keys, so you won't be finding people cramming into one room here. The rooms are spacious, airy and delightful. The windows go from floor to ceiling and the blinds are mechanical so you can open and close as you wish without leaving your bed. They even have a tv in the bathroom!The amenities will spoil you rotten. The pools look like they should be Roman baths and the cabanas are like outdoor resort rooms complete with couches, tvs and refrigerators. The Wynn pools combine with the Encore pools, so it creates this ongoing view of never-ending pools. They have an outdoor bar with video casino games so you can enjoy the best of both worlds. Parking is free which is good enough for me!Encore and Wynn are connected so if you can't stay at the Wynn and stay at the Encore, you can still enjoy the benefits of both. If you get the opportunity to stay at the Wynn, take it and don't be surprised if you never again want to stay anywhere else!
3	Actually I give it 3 and a half stars. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and huge. There's a Ferrari dealership, a huge casino, a big buffet. We paid almost $1000 for a panoramic view suit. My friends paid half that at the Trump hotel and got such a better view. It's a really fancy hotel though with really nice employees. It's also pretty far from the center strip where most of the action is. The club was awesome and I saw the entire team USA there. I also saw Tyrese Gibson. They were all staying at the Wynn. That should tell you something about how fancy this place is. The worst part though, the buffet was horrible. I was like a kid in the candy store when I first saw their brunch. Everything looked so good but looks can be deceiving. I couldn't even finish 1 plate. It gave me a horrible stomach ache and everything was pretty bland. I was so disappointed in the buffet especially.
4	This is my fav place to visit in las Vegas. The customer service is always outstanding. Its such a nice hotel and casino the fashion show mall is connected to it by bridge which makes shopping so much easier and fun. I always have the time of my life here
1	The Wynn, arghh, I'm torn between the fact that this is one of the top 3 resorts in Vegas out of the 12 I've been too for ascetics, food, comfort etc., but the freakin Night Club that is right outside most of the suites runs until 4 in the morning with a DJ and speakers outside! Okay I like to dance but not when I'm trying to sleep. Hear is where it gets worse. After the first night I asked to move and was told there was no where to move that was more quiet and we had to just bare it. Are you kidding me! We've travel to 4-5 star resorts around the world. Typically resorts get rating that high because the value the experience of their customers. Not the Wynn! They are throwing a party and if you do not like it (or want to sleep before 4am), then you are forced to leave the hotel- which is ridiculous. Now you might be thinking I might be a lame person, but when I stated I was unhappy at the front desk I realized I was next to someone with the same complaint. FYI I am 32 and like to have a good time the guy next  to me was within a few years of me. I looked at him and said, "difficult night?" He said that he left a club at 1am sick and when he got back to his room at the Wynn the music was so loud in his room he felt like he was in the club and got no sleep. How many people even fit in that club. They are catering to a few hundred guests , keeping many more up to 4am with a nightly club. Simply ridiculous! I'd stay at A number of resort before this one.
2	I tossed and turned all night in my room due to the LOUD, LOUD, LOUD music. If not for that, I would give this place a five star rating. The rooms kick luxury up a couple notches to just delightful. The restaurants are all terrific. The shops are wonderful. But after a terrific night you go to your room and all you hear is thump, thump, thump, thump... and when you call downstairs they say, sorry, it will be that way until 4AM. At 2AM I asked for a fan, which came at 3AM (at that point I was so pissed I just took it and didn't tip the person). Really a shame - such a beautiful location, but if you want to go to sleep before 4AM they don't want you here.
5	Imagine a place where everything, every little detail, has been design to make you happy. That's how it feels to stay at the Wynn Hotel in Vegas. The service is amazing, all the restaurants are incredible. The cassino floor is the best cassino in Vegas, the only cassino you don't smell cigarette (it's allowed to smoke inside the cassinos but somehow you can't smell it!)Everything is extremely clean and very well organized. Im OCD and I appreciate that. It comes with a cost, it's not cheap to stay at the Wynn but it is worth spending the extra money to stay in a place where you know you will not have any issues. The nightclubs are good, just like any nightclub in vegas, its a DB Heaven but other than that, it's a lot of fun all the time.If you stay at the Wynn Vegas, I recommend you to see the show Le Reve (at the Wynn Theater), its AMAZING!
2	The Wynn is pretty but her sister hotel, Encore is way more beautiful from their rooms to their casinos and restaurants.  The Wynn needs to change their towels. They're no longer soft.We have reservations to one of their fine dining restaurants one evening. I asked the concierge if she could help me get a waterside table for dinner.  She just said there is no guarantee and to just talk to the receptionist at the time we get to the restaurant to make a request.  She also said that it "will not help if i'm nice" to the receptionist. I thought that was a weird thing to say. In other words, the concierge was useless.  She did not even make an attempt to help me or make a call or something.I will not go back to Wynn Hotel.
1	This hotel does not honor your reservation and they will do nothing to make amends or give you the requested room.  We booked a double non-smoking and they gave us a smoking double room.  I had to request a change 4 times.  Read the reviews on tripadvisor and book a different hotel.
5	It has special memories for me because I worked there and the beauty of it hasn't faded, it's as beautiful as it was when it first opened. The experience begins the moment you walk in with all the aromas of the fresh flowers from the valet area, it's very unique & special. If you visit this place please do not miss The Lake of Dreams which is a hidden spot that a lot of visitors miss. The property is beautiful...
3	I had a great experience at this hotel.  Vegas is crazy, but this hotel actually remains relatively calm.  The flowers are gorgeous and add to the peaceful ambiance.  Our room was beautiful and I loved all the buttons features.  For example, upon entering you press a button to open drapes...it sounds silly but it's so cool!  Then the beautiful view of the strip laid before us.The pool, although clean and serene, was nothing spectacular and I was a little annoyed how long it took to get waited on for a drink (I ended up just going to the bar myself), but at the same time the "calm" pool was adequately separated from the more "party" pool at the other end which I appreciated.Gym facilities were also very spacious with plenty of machines, water, and fruit.I also really loved "The Buffet", one of my new favorites of Vegas.  Tons of delicious seafood and asian pieces.  My favorite was the pancake bar!  Definitely make sure you try some with the strawberry sauce and fresh cream.For those who want a more calming experience with less crazy people and willing to spend more, stay here.  I personally would stay at a place with a little more to do and less pricey like the Venetian or Caesars Palace, but I can't complain.
5	I had a girlfriend come to visit and she stayed at the Wynn last night.  She invited me over for a visit and we had the best service!  The bars and casino area are extremely clean and beautifully decorated with the nicest staff!  Later that night we went up to her room to chat and she was locked out.  Her key card did not work so she called for help from the house phone.  A very young, very accommodating, night manager came to the rescue within minutes.   We did not have to wait outside of the room for long.  I was surprised that a young manager cared so much to help out himself instead of sending someone who may have taken longer to let us into the room.  I'd say this hotel is the best in Las Vegas with the nicest staff from A-Z!
2	Literally the first time I have ever felt compelled to post a review on yelp. After booking a reservation for six nights here we arrived to have our room not be available and dates of stay inaccurate. This all lead to waiting in line and speaking to half a dozen individuals only to end up waiting 4 hours in order to finally have our rooms available. However now the system was down and so the room we had requested was not available and we could not get a set of keys for our room. Upon receiving our said temporary key, we finally arrived at our room only to have the key unusable. Now 6 hours after our checkin and speaking to several people with no compensation or real acknowledgement from staff, we finally get to our room exhausted... The only reason why they get two stars is because it is a beautiful hotel and everyone we have spoken to have said how great this place was an how great the staff is. I have to believe that this was a fluke however it leaves a really bad impression and a massive inconvenience to a couple booking our a suite for nearly a week. How can you be a five star hotel and treat people like this and have such poor customer service
1	Unfortunately the staff did not handle the fact that 2 people in our party got sick from the tuna salad sandwich from the deli properly. Its a shame that such a hotel doesn't care to step up when things go wrong. I would never eat or stay at this hotel again.
1	They get one star for having a beautiful casino. Outside of that I would never come here to gamble again. The rooms are great but the service on the casino floor has to be the worst on the strip. The machines don't pay and they crash a lot. I have come here three times over a 5 year span and every time there has been an issue and they did a poor job of taking care of the guest. This third chance is the last they will get from me
4	Its the most beautiful hotel I've ever been in, but you really gotta be a millionaire here. I was dying for a shnakey vodka redbull , but felt very working class, so ended up ordering a champagne mojito or some shite like that. I also tried to pretend I knew a thing or two about whiskey, but 7 grand a bottle really put me in my place. I think I'll just stick to the cheap shit they sell in the wallgreens next door.
5	I love the Wynn.  I am a local and visit the Wynn at least 1x per week... I win at the Wynn!
5	Business trip to Cali decided to step away and have a small family reunion, and what more better than a couple days in Vegas! Decided to stay at the Wynn hotel and got an upgraded suite. The room was awesome, enough to consider replicating the design and building a new house kind of awesome! The view was great, I think almost all all the rooms overshadow the golf course which is pretty in itself. The pool looked descent although I didn't have a chance to get in, decided to prowl all the other hotels around being that this would be the first trip of many to come. Casino has a nice Vegas feel. The clubs inside such as XS were sought but during the weekends lines are crazy so wasn't enough reason to go out of my way. Food was good not anything amazing but good. Overall had a good experience hoping for an opportunity to come back. O.... And bring a lot of money!
5	Wynn is one of the most beautifully decorated casinos as far the interior goes. All the bright colorful color theme inside truly gives you such a happy mood. Le Reve is known for the best award winning Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas. It's truly Amazing fascinating.
2	We stayed here over the weekend and we must say, we were very disappointed. The hotel room was nice-nothing special though. The casino itself was small and the ceilings were very low. The machines were high priced and paid out NOTHING. The poker room had limited games and if your someone who likes limit, then your out of luck here. The location of The Wynn also blows. Its next to nothing fun and a big walk to the middle of the strip. Oh, and I almost forgot the food/restaurants here also suck. They are all over priced and the food we did have was not even good. Not a good sports bar or dessert shop or nothing. The shops were all empty and super high end. Why bother when NO ONE is in your store. A bunch of empty restaurants and shops. LAME!We gave it 2 stars only because it obviously wasn't ghetto.
1	Our first time stay for our wedding anniversary celebration sucked!!!  First,no body lotion in the room and we called the house keeping still no lotion!  We had to go ask for one in person that was already cleaning the other room.  We asked nicely and he said bad word in Spanish and gave us upset look!  Second, had super salty dinner at the buffet!  Especially prime rib and crab legs I had to spit it out!  Third, meat head valet guy try to bully my husband because he did not tip when we drop off the car.Fourth, they never asked us how was our stay during the check out!
3	This review is more of a 2.5 than a three.After 3 nights in the Wynn and another 2 to go I've already formed an opinion. It "feels" like the Wynn is simply less refined than the Encore and perhaps that's due to the fact that the Encore was built after the Wynn.The check in process isn't as smooth, the lines just didn't seem to move quickly then when you get to the front it took an age to be processed. This could have been a one off as I don't recall having that problem at the Encore.The first thing I noticed was that the Wynn rooms feel a little dated and of course the Strip view isn't as good. One annoying thing is that there are no power outlets near the bed, only near the desk area which is on the other side of the room. The soundproofing of the rooms isn't fantastic - I had one couple arguing on one side and another person playing Rhianna loudly on the other. On this occasion the music from the nightclubs was clearly audible too.I called housekeeping at 11.30am to get them to make up my room, when I returned at 2.30pm it was still a mess. I rang down again and asked why it hadn't been cleaned and they said that I have to asked them to rush the housekeeping if I want it cleaned faster than the normal service allows. In every other luxury hotel I've stayed a call to housekeeping normally results in your room being cleaned pretty much there and then.I found the Wifi to be a little unpredictable which was disappointing. I also found that AT&T and T-Mobile coverage to be patchy too whilst in the room and the hotel in general.My last note is about the groups of hookers that hunt in packs on the casino floor. Each to their own but it's a little off putting getting hit on by some very shady characters quite so many times in the space of the walk from the lobby to the elevators. This is obviously a part of life in a big leisure and convention destination like Vegas but I was surprised at the number of them and how blatant and brazen they were - even near the myriad of security personnel. It gave the hotel a very down market feel.I really wanted to enjoy the Wynn but unfortunately I didn't.
2	Reviewing Tower Suites. Spontaneous decision to spend the weekend in LV had me phoning the Wynn casino marketing to see if I could get a room comped for the weekend. Luckily, I was able to secure a complimentary room based on play from last visit (two nights would have been $800+). We checked in right around midnight on Friday, there was no line so it was pretty easy process. One note, I realize it was very late but front desk clerk was not friendly and actually our reception was borderline icy and not what I am accustomed to at Wynn properties. We were given room 56-62. I would not recommend it and here's why:1. Dated decor. Mr Wynn, it's time to fire your designer. This room looks like my grandmothers high end condo. Cream colored, tufted leather sofa, cream plaid carpeting yuck! They've tried to modernize with art and some furniture but it doesn't work. 2. Noisy. Really noisy! Club music until 4am and starts back up at 10am at the club at the pool. While I don't come to Vegas for R&R, i do hope to get SOME sleep (thank goodness I didn't pay for this room!!!)3. There are no usable outlets near the bed. Major inconvenience if your phone needs juice and just plain unacceptable for a hotel of this caliber. 4. Elevators to suites are small and hot (yes, I'm knit-picking). 5. Entire sections missing from the resort guide book. Had to call front desk/concierge to find restaurants that we're open late etc. 6. Not related to the room, but the Wynn is seriously lacking a 24/7 casual restaurant (think Grand Lux). At 1:30am our options were Allegro, a mid level Italian eatery or counter service at The Cafe. We chose Allegro and ended up eating undercooked pasta and paid $6 for bread basket...at an Italian restaurant. Really???? I'm not even going to go into how bad the service was. A positive note...nice bathroom toiletries and my husband loved the bed. I will never stay at the Wynn again. The Encore is a different story but that's another review. I think I'll be back at Venetian next visit.
5	Beautiful hotel!!! We had brunch at the country club for the jazz brunch. It was one of the best meals I've ever had. Top quality food and reasonably priced. One of the highlights of our trip .
2	My rating is for the customer service not the hotel. The hotel was great, good food with a lot of restaurants and Encore pool is a lot of fun. When I checked into the hotel the computer system was down and continued to stay down for quite amount of hours. I tried to get there early to set up the room since I was throwing a bachelorette party but couldn't get in and around 7:15pm I had to go talk to them again since we had dinner reservations at 7:45pm at another hotel and had to get ready still. The only reason they gave me one room key to only one of our rooms is cause I started crying. To top it off they call us at 1am to tell us our other room is ready but yet don't comp us for that night. They had the girls get ready in their spa and then check their luggage back in at the desk. Overall the only thing they did for us was give us food credit and comp the resort fee. I honestly believe they could have and should have done more for us since we only got one room at a time and the second room that was ready at 1am wasn't the right one, it only had one bed and the shower didn't work well so we had to have the girls in that room switch rooms again on Sat to one with two beds. There was a lot of inconveniences at this hotel that I wouldn't have expected and will not stay there again because of this. There are plenty of other nice hotels that aren't as expensive and will treat you a lot better.
5	I love the tower suite!!!From the moment we dropped off our car to checking in, the service was just great. After the Bellman dropped off the luggage he offered to take my hubby's shirt off to get pressed and dry cleaned his uniform for a big day. He was such a nice guy!We enjoyed playing at the casino, eating at the buffet, going to the show and hanging out at the pool for two days!We would def come back to stay at the tower suite again.
5	Great hotel that has the most amazing scent. As soon as you walk into the hotel you smell it and it's wonderful!!
5	Omg!!! This place is just top notch. Everything in the room was luxurious. The room service lady was such a sweet heart. She clean both beds with new sheets, pillows, and blankets because one of the girl made a mess. She even change all the towels. :) The service in the front hotel desk has great customer service and so does all the dealers and management on the casino floors. Would love to come back and stay here again. By the way... The room was free. Which made it even better.
5	One of the best state that they had everVery clean and very comfortableGood environment and good nothings fairVery recommend it
4	I struggled with giving them 3 or 4 stars, but at the end of the day service was impeccable (Jazmine, Berta, JJ, Richard, Jose, guy who flagged me a cab, chef who made the woman next to me a special vegan, gluten free meal on the fly) so I leaned toward 4. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was they have horrible phone and internet connection! My calls got dropped several times over two days. And since I was here for work, no bueno. If this was a non-related work trip, 5 stars. But for the love of technology you need better connections!
5	I can only review the poker room here. The staff and tournaments are some of the best in Vegas. The cash games are also pleasant. I've played in almost every poker room in Vegas and this is one of the top 3. If you like poker, then you should play here, Bellagio and Venetian.
5	One of my favorite hotels to stay at because it's chic, classy, and caters to the chinese hahaha jk about the last one. I'm still figuring out what the theme is for this casino though. I think it's catered more towards Asians though because of the  red and yellow colored theme along with Asian decor/statues. It's connected directly w/ their newer casino Encore. You can walk from casino to casino without having to go out of one.Encore has surrender whereas Wynn has XS for the nightclubs. I've never had any problems with the rooms I've stayed at in the Wynn or Encore. After so many years, the Wynn still maintains cleanliness and hasn't lost its edge like Palazzo or Venetian. The bedding at the Wynn is very plush and comfy, no bed bugs. The pool area and buffet are great as wellCasino floor isn't bad either. Try signing up for a players card or e-mail to get promo discounts! Usually I get e-mails where if you book 2 night stays, you'll get buffet or spa comped, etcThe only con is that this casino is located ALL THE WAY at the end of the strip so it can be a pain to get to
5	When an unforseen situation occured with a client of mine while staying at the Wynn, Trish in guest relations did amazing work to make everyting perfect.  She went beyond the call of dute to make sure the guest was taken care of, more then anything I have seen!  She is truly an asset to the Wynn and I can not wait to have the chance to meet her!  More places in Vegas can learn from her alone! Thanks again Trish!
5	Amazing pool! Enjoying this 90 degree weather in September!! Good times with great family and friends!!
5	Our stay at the Wynn was fantastic! Every single person who helped us, waited on us or dealt cards had the most thoughtful and professional demeanor. The resort is gorgeous and luxurious. We will return again and again. Nothing was wanting and the environment was exactly what we were looking for
1	Country club at Wynn not very good. Expect high prices in vegas, but this was just bland. Shrimp and grits bland an boring, porterhouse over cooked and not tasty.
3	Stayed here a couple times. Honestly palazzo is better deal to me/: the only thing I like more is the day pool here(:
5	I've been meaning to review the Wynn Hotel and Casino, but I've been procrastinating.  My wife and I stayed at the Wynn in late December 2012 for our honeymoon.  This place is the bomb.  Everything from the opening of our door until the time we checked out was spot on.  We couldn't have asked for a better stay.We had one of the corner suites that faced the Palazzo and TI, on the 55th floor.  What an amazing view we had of the entire strip.  The interior design and everything in it's place definitely impressed us (I'll add some pictures to my review to show you).We aren't big gamblers, so I can't really speak for the casino, although it was large and pretty busy, I can't begin to assume knowing how great the casino is.Played a round of golf at the course, and although $500 for 18 holes in incredulous, I figured, once in my life is worth it.  Great course, well manicured.  I was paired up with another single player and our forecaddie (can't remember his name, but he was great).  Played in around 3 hours, no holdups on the course.  The fairways and greens were very well manicured and completely enjoyed my round of golf.  Afterwards, they cleaned up my shoes, put my bag in storage for me and were supposed to provide me with a bag tag, but it was not included, they followed up with me later and mailed me a replacement.The room service was adequate, although not spectacular, but I cannot take away a star because of one person having a bad day, we are all entitled.  He wasn't rude in any way, but just not talkative or over friendly.If it wasn't for the fact that we try to stay in a different hotel every Vegas visit, I would definitely come back.  You won't be disappointed staying at the Wynn.
2	The manager privately message me and gave us a buffet credit back which was nice of him!  I gave them one star extra for now and if we do ever go back?  If my husband will?  I hope next time their service and dinning will be better!  Thank you!
5	What a beautiful hotel/casino. My wife and I recently had a chance to stay at the Wynn for a few nights. We both love Vegas and have probably stayed at 8 or 9 of the hotels on the strip. From a purely aesthetic view, the Wynn is the best we've stayed at with the Bellagio a close second. Everything from the check-in experience until we left was first class. Lots of great dining experience. If I was going to be critical in any area, it would be that it's a bit pricey - but they don't need to apologize for that. You definitely get what you pay for. All in all, just a beautiful place.
5	Apparently, there's a difference in crowds who patronize either the Wynn or Encore. A few people were surprised we booked at the Wynn because it's usually an older crowd and the younger people book their stay at Encore. It's all the same to me but I guess the biggest difference would be that most of the clubs are more accessible from the Encore side.
5	6 years ago, we stepped foot in the Wynn and decided that it's one of our favorite hotels in Las Vegas. Then the Encore opened up and it was hard since they're sister hotels, but I think the Wynn still has more charm than Encore does. This place is beautiful, the hotel rooms are huge and the buffet is delicious (a bit pricier during the holidays, we came during Christmas week), and the Reve is a great show to catch. Unfortunately, my husband favors the Mandarin Oriental more now so it's hard to convince him to stay here again. Though I can say our room made us feel like a king and queen for the week. The sink-in tub.is.amazing. THAT IS ALL.
5	Really really nice hotel and casino I love it is my 4th time in vegas this has been by far the best! I also had $1000 gambling money and end up with $4700 wich is super cool I just won $300 + at this casino and hotel but the stay the bed, swimming, host etc... best in vegas thank you!
5	Stunning stay experience my husband and I had during a long weekend. Wynn's every nook and corner is simply gorgeous. Rooms are spacious, and calm decor. When it comes to food, I just can't stop ranting about it, simply out of the world, all their restaurants are worth trying and you will not be disappointed. The biggest highlight of my stay was the stunning "le reve the dream" show. That show gives a once in a life time experience! In our next visit, it's definitely our choice of hotel to stay!
5	From a holistic point of view, this is still by far my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas.Let me count the reasons ...1. The decor is fantastic.  I love the beautiful garden/atrium once you walk in.  Even the fake flower smell pumped in the air has some kind of relaxing appeal.2. The service here has always been solid.  The folks at the reception desk are friendly and generally the staff is very helpful.3. The rooms are minimalist and tastefully modern.  I was lucky enough on my most recent visit to get a room on one of the highest floors in the hotel and the view was phenomenal.  Even though I was facing west (instead of the main strip to the south), I was still overwhelmed by the great view of the surrounding landscape and had a good view of old strip to the north.  4. The rooms were clean and the beds were super comfortable.  I had by best sleep ever in Vegas by far here (and I've stayed in the following - Bellagio, Venetian, Paris, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Planet Hollywood, Caesars, and the old Sahara).5. Even though the table games and slots are expensive I enjoyed playing here because the atmosphere isn't that smoky and the crowd isn't that loud/rowdy. 6. The Wynn Buffet is still my favorite in all of Vegas, along with Caesars and Wicked Spoon.  The crab legs here are still the best in Vegas IMO and even though they don't have a HUGE amount of variety compared to other places the quality of each individual item is solid.  I also love the dessert section here.The only real drawback is that this place is about a 20 min walk from the Bellagio/Caesars area and that the rooms can be pricey.  But it's worth it for what what you get and also the benefit of not getting as much annoying traffic here as you do in mid-strip.
4	Excellent food and service!
5	No other hotel in Vegas screams of class. Oh they try to imitate, but none exude the level of exclusive chic that is Wynn.From plush flowers.... EVERYWHERE..... to some of the best restaurants (especially Asian..... of all sorts... Southeast Asian, Japanese, Chinese..), and one of the hottest clubs on the Strip, this really is one of the few hotels that has the UC-factor.... you know... ultra-cool... (yes... I know I just made that up.... but seriously.... soooo ultra-cool... soooo UC!!)One of the things I especially love about this is the hotel floor design. The place never seems to reach the level of chaotic frenzy on crazy check-in/out times. Yes there are times when it fills up like any other place, but it always seems to move, and nobody really complains like they do at Paris, MGM, or Bellagio, where the check-in line crashes with the main entrance so it always feels like a zoo... but with more smelly people.While the hotel has a couple of great clubs (XS and Tryst), it doesn't have the feel of 24/7 frenziness that, say, Cosmopolitan has (don't get me wrong, I love the Cosmo too..... but that place is a boner factory).Class and ass. There. I called it. Class and ass.
5	This hotel is a class act.  The steak house restaurant with a show is spectacular if you sit outside in the garden where the waterfall is.   The buffet is spectacular and the best in Vegas!   You will also enjoy the sandwich shop in the center of the casino next to the Italian restaurant.  The coffee shop at the Encore is very good.The rooms are superb, clean and quiet.  You never hear the maids outside talking and banging their brooms.  They have suites in the tower that are amazing.I am a gambler and do very well on the slots.  They are generous.  On two occasions I have won $33,000.00.  In the casino you do not see low lives walking around or hear super loud music that can drive you crazy.  Service is superb.The beautiful thing about the Wynn is that people dress up for dinner or to play the tables.  I hope we continue this.  It reminds me of the old days.  You will not see drunks falling down.  They have amazing security and they kick them out as fast has they come in.  You feel safe.   FIVE STARS ALL THE WAY!!!!
5	Although the rooms here are smaller than the Palazzo/Venetian they are significantly better. The corner suite I stayed at on the top floor (Floor 60) had epic views of the strip. The room was spacious and it was appointed with an ultra-comfy bed. This is the place to stay in Vegas.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #15:cha-ching is not the sound of slot machines, it's the sound of how much money you can spend here!; The Wynn is ultra-fabulous and high end; the first thing you see coming from the parking garage is the Ferrari dealer/store; the shopping corridor is a who's who of high-end name brands (with very few shoppers inside); the restaurants are all beautiful and make you stop and gaze; the only good moderately-priced eating spot appears to be Zoozacrackers deli; the sports book is big & classy; you can hear a pin drop in the large poker room; beautiful outdoor grounds with a huge lagoon and lots of waterfalls; this includes some weird-ass performance deals at night - I saw a giant mechanical frog singing a country song over the waterfall (at least I think I saw this - I had been drinking); there is also a huge & classy wing of ballrooms & meeting rooms; best craft beer bet = it's surprisingly pretty lousy (I guess rich people drink crappy beer), but the bar next to the sports book has a few good selections in bottles only
2	Everything about this place is amazing. Yet the security staff is horrible enough to take 3 full stars off my review. If you see a purple jacket, walk the other way before you start getting harassed. (exceptions are Bruno, Daryl, Devon and a few additional gems, only need 1 hand to count them all.)
3	Hotel rooms are very clean and modern. Room service is the best on the strip. The casino is not my favorite. Beautiful spa and work out facilities. I highly recommend an airbrush tan by Melissa. Incredible job! I recommend making reservations at the country club and going for the fixed menu of the season.
4	Super nice hotel! Everything was great here except their super packed fridge that I couldn't even fit anything into.. Kind of defeats the purpose of having a fridge in the room if I can't put stuff in it. IT was filled with their stuff. Other than that, everything was great. Kind of far from the center of everything but I can't complain.
5	This was a truly great hotel. The service, the room, and the amenities were all really a cut above anywhere I've stayed before. I loved the location on the strip.  North of the REALLY congested part of the strip (think Bellagio and Caesar's Palace) it's really easy to get in the car to explore downtown Vegas from the Wynn.  If you're not into exploring, there are plenty of things to do without leaving Wynn/Encore, even if you're not a gambler or don't want to play at the higher stakes they spread at the Wynn. The only knock is the price of everything, but we knew that going in. We found the elevated sidewalks to the Venetian and the shopping mall across the street very convenient. If you have the opportunity, stay here. You won't regret it.
1	Terrible service.. Just awful. Literally paid $84 for two juices. Paid extra to have delivery guy come to room, hotel did not allow and actually blamed this on the delivery guy who was quick to defend himself. Money trap!! Don't bother
5	I've stayed at several hotels in Vegas and thus one takes the cake!!   In a league of it's own.   Extremely clean, extremely beautiful and worth every penny.
5	Wynn and Encore is still one of my top choices in Vegas.1. They always have fresh flowers as decor on their first floor garden.2.  Service is great the 1st 2 times i went there.  3rd time i stayed there, instead of checking in at 2pm I arrived at 8:30pm which should have given them enough time to clean up. however when i arrived they had me wait 20 minutes at check in to find out that my room was still dirty and not cleaned!   we reserved 2 rooms and had special big birthday celebration.  Front desk person who helped us apologized and asked us to wait longer instead of offering anything to make it up.  Unfortunately we had to ask to speak to someone of higher authority to get slight upgrade. Afterwards, they surprisingly sent complimentary chocolate upstairs after they knew we were celebrating special occasion.3.  Love their design, high ceilings and beautiful and tasteful architectural design.  I also like how when we open the door the curtains open at the same time so we can see the entire view from the top.4.  The 1st floor casino, unlike some other casinos, is not real smokey.6. The Wynn Buffet is one of the best, but Wicked Spoon and Bucchanel are also both great!
5	One of best hotels in the world. The Wynn hotel is located on the old Desert Inn hotel. It's the only hotel on the strip with a golf course. If you are a person who loves the European decor and beautiful artwork you are in for a treat. As we all know Las Vegas has a lot hotels from low end to high end. If you are a person who enjoys high end hotels you must give this hotel a try. The casino is done with outstanding artwork with great art finishing. If you are a high roller or a person plays the slot you will enjoy the great casino layout. The hotels is gorgeous from  A to Z. If you are a picky person when it comes to hotel beds you are going to love the beds here. If you are coming to Vegas you must give the spa a try. One of the best spas in the world. If you are buffet lover you will enjoy the outstanding food. I highly recommend  the Sinatra for high end dinning. If you are looking for something more low key check out the country club. You can have lunch over the patio that overlooks the golf course. Being a big fan of Caesars Palace for may years the Wynn is my new playground in Vegas. All the way around this is a 5 star resort.
5	I don't even know where to begin.  I just arrived back from a weekend getaway to Vegas and stayed at the Wynn for the first time.  We booked this hotel because for years we've been getting deals in the mail and since we were heading to Vegas for a Birthday weekend, we thought we should take advantage of the generous deal the Wynn keep sending us.  Mind you, we've never stayed at the Wynn before, but the deal we got included a discounted rate for two nights, a $75 dining credit to Andreas (a fancy Asian themed restaurant in the hotel), and two tickets to Le Reve.  To say this was a good deal is an understatement.This is a posh hotel, but we didn't feel out of place at all.  It's comfortable and all the staff we encountered was more than friendly and accommodating.  Check in was smooth and our room request was granted (looking for a quiet room with a view).  The decor in the casino and throughout the hotel is top notch.  It's not overly done, just inviting and beautiful.  The flowers and high end atmosphere is really well done.Once we got to our room, we were blown away.  It is so nice. I loved the fresh, clean vibe.  I would pick the furniture/decor for my own home, if only I could afford it.  The  White leather with pops of color on the walls is spot on.  The view, even from the 14th floor was great.  The best part... the drapes and lights close with push of a button.  You can operate your privacy sign/service request as well as the air conditioning with a push of a button right by your bedside.  One thing to not however, is that though the hotel is very quiet, it is in the flight path for the airport.  Planes are flying overhead all the time as are helicopters... not a problem, but they are noticeable for sure - bring ear plugs if you are sensitive.All of the restaurants a the hotel that we ate at were great (see other reviews).  The show was excellent, unique and interesting.  The pool is comfortable, upscale, and super nice - it was quite enjoyable laying out at the start of our day.  In fact, I'd love to experience one of their cabanas some day.  Honestly, we had a great time at the Wynn.  I'm not sure I can stay anywhere else in Vegas going forward... it was that good!
5	I go back and forth about whether I prefer the Encore or the Wynn more.  They're kind of a #1A and #1B for my favorite places to stay on The Strip.  You can tell the aspects Steve learned from after the Bellagio: there's a waterfall/water show, but you can't see it unless you're inside the property.  Restaurants offer outdoor seating.  The club scene is as good as it gets, if that's your thing.  There is the small conservatory section, but it's between the taxi entrance and the casino (not off to the side).  There must have been some psychological research to show that people prefer the Wynn's red color scheme to the Bellagio's yellow.  Le Reve's theater is very intimate, and every seat in the house is close to the action.    With that said, if you're deciding between the Wynn and the Encore:Encore is quieter, and I like the rooms more... but, it's also farther away from everything.  Wouldn't think the extra nudge north would matter, but those extra steps add up if/when you explore The Strip.  The Wynn is livelier, but some aspects of it are borderline (sometimes over that border) gaudy.  They have significantly more tables than the boutique Encore, so I usually find myself gambling at the Wynn if I'm staying at either.
5	The Wynn is amazing - obviously it hasn't won all the awards and notoriety for being average. The service, the rooms, the restaurants, the bars, the shops, the pool - it's all fantastic and beautiful and if you can afford it, it's definitely worth a stay. It is a bit of a walk from what I would consider the central point on the strip, but they have everything you need in a Vegas stay right here so if you didn't want to leave, you really wouldn't have to. The average age of the crowd leans toward the older side, which is expected for a more upscale hotel and casino, and that could be a plus or a negative for you - for us, it was a plus. Simply stunning and I hope to return.
2	not a place for nonsmokers. the minute you walk in to check in, the nasty cigarette smell linger all over you. we were having a hard time breathing, our eyes turn red and smell like a smoker.  anywhere you want to go, you have to pass the nasty smoker smell. don't bring your kids here.
1	I always go to/stay at Wynn when i go to Vegas. And I go pretty regularly. Not after this time though. The bell people scratched my limited edition bag and when I called to file the complaint they asked if I would be willing to let someone come to my room "right now" to get the report. I said ok. 30+min later still no one. I had just arrived for my ONE NIGHT trip so it's not like I had plenty of time to casually wait around for them. I called again and finally someone shows up. I asked why they didn't come when they said they would. They fed me some bs "we had a medical emergency" line. Oh really? For a property that big you have just ONE guy handling medical emergencies and guest property damage? I work at a hotel myself and know this is not the case. so this security guy is inspecting my bag. He's sweating up a storm while wiping his sweat with his bare hands and then proceeding to touch my bad repeatedly, transferring all that sweat onto my bag. Then he PICKS at the paint scuffs making it worse. I had to literally tell him to STOP. he kept insisting it was a transfer and could be picked off. It cannot. This is a limited edition bag and LV themselves told me it is screen printed and will get scratched if mishandled. He apparently thought he knew better by repeatedly trying to convince me it was dye. It's not dye. Anyway, I put in the complaint, two days later someone calls me to tell me they refuse to take liability for damaging my bag but "AS A GESTURE OF GOOD WILL" they will just pay for cleaning or give me $100. my bag was in PRISTINE condition and a cleaning will absolutely not remove the damage. This was confirmed by LV as well. The fact that this hotel devalued my property by way more than $100 and refused to do anything about it other than offer a measly cleaning/pennies only cuz of "good will" with no apology whatsoever says a lot about them. So wasting my valuable vacation time, my time to travel down to LV to get it assessed, and of course the actual damage itself was only worth $100 or a cleaning to them. Wow. I will not be patronizing this establishment anymore. Horrible customer service.All I see when I look at my beautiful bag now are the unsightly scuff marks.
5	Went to stay there for 4 nights. Let me tell you I was very impressed.Checking in we were greeted right away, plus we upgraded to a higher floor. That was really worth it they put us on the 58 floor. The view was just awesome! Plus the room was very clean.I'm just going to keep it short and say I am definitely going to be back! If you want a nice place to stay this is the place!
4	Wish I could stay in this hotel but I can't pay those high rates.  The slot machine selection is awesome!!!  Lots of variety and the workers are too notch.  One day, I will stay here.
5	The best in vegas. Incredible food everywhere, with Vegan options at each of their restaurants, very friendly staff, and lots to see. No one does it like the Wynn. Not the least expensive on the strip- far from it really. However, I feel that the cost is exceeded by value
5	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas if not the world! If i could give it 10 stars, I would. Once you stay here once you'll see why it's a top rated hotel & if you're smart, you won't stay elsewhere again. The resort is classy & luxurious without being pretentious.  All the staff are friendly & beyond accommodating.  You can literally press a button & get anything you want delivered to you within about 15 minutes. I love the personalization they do with having my name on the TV screen & being greeted properly when I call the concierge or anywhere in the hotel. The beds are out of this world comfortable and the rooms are impeccably decorated & spacious. The specialty drinks are the best on the strip, the dining options are fantastic & the clubs continue to remain supreme! (XS is my favorite tho)No trip to Vegas is complete without a visit to the spa for me & the one here does not disappoint. The downside is the price is definitely steep.I would legitimately live here if I could!
5	I surprised my boyfriend for his birthday on staying at this hotel since he's never been here.  The hotel it self is so beautiful inside and out that when you walk in all you want to do is look around and take it all in.  The decorations are beautiful with fresh flowers everywhere.  The casino and hotel itself is very clean everywhere you go.  As we checked in to get our room the gentleman that helped us was very nice and made sure that our check in process went very smoothly. When we got to the room it was beautiful!  The bed was very spacious and the bathroom was ginormous! It had a separate bath area, separate shower, separate bathroom, and 2 separate sinks and vanities which we need especially for the ladies and their hair products and makeup!! I could live in that bathroom if I wanted too!!! As for the casino they had a variety of games to choose from like table games, slots, and so much more.  The people at the roulette games were so very nice and helpful that they taught us how to play roulette and didn't mind me asking all those questions! Very informational on their part!!!  Around the casino they had many restaurants to choose from that you could eat and dine in.  They ranged from casual to fancy of course.We will definitely be coming back here to stay again!
1	This review is for the casino portion of the hotel. I was there on 8/20 and signed up for the Red Card. I was told that their system was down but that it would be up the next day. I went downstairs right before my flight to find out if the system was up and if our points from the previous night had posted. We were told that they did and that we qualified for all new member bonuses based on the pattern of our spending. I was offered four free meals. I asked about using them the next time we returned, which I said would be for the Mayweather/Canelo fight. I was told that I had seven days to use them. I asked for an extension given the fact that the points system had been down the previous day. I even went up to the cashier at around 4am to see if it was up yet. We were told that no exceptions would be made.We will never return to this hotel again and will make sure that my boyfriend tells his company to put up their employees at another hotel. Why is it MY fault that YOUR system was down? I spent hundreds up dollars that night gambling but that meant nothing. They could have at least given me an extension on the meal vouchers until 9/1
4	Decided to stay at Wynn several months ago and overall my experience was pretty satisfying. First off, the hotel is high end and both the pubic spaces and the rooms themselves reflect this. Anyone who opts to stay there is gonna end up dropping some serious loot if they choose to dine at any of the restaurants. I did eat at their buffet and unforetunately was a little disappointed. I was honestly expecting more, and the crab legs, which are a must for me, were actually lacking flavor and weren't as big as I expected. I'm not cheap by any means, but their buffet is among the most expensive in town at 42 bucks and simply not worth it. Even the desserts were nothing to write home about. They do have a very nice happy hour though, where I gorged myself on another of my favorites: Oysters. The customer service was also top notch and that's a HUGE plus for me.
5	I have stayed here & Aria & I can tell you this place beats Aria hands down!Has a Asian, Indian- esq decor. Its very whimsical when you walk in. There is a huge hot air balloon decorated with fake flowers (that look real!) you walk under trees & lights perfect for romantic pictures! keep walking passed the casino & you will run into a carousel made of the same decor.As you start walking towards the casino next to the check-in area you can see a huge outdoor waterfall fountain framed with gorgeous trees, it is so serene. Unfortunately we never got to go outside to see it without a glass window dividing us, during the times we wanted it was closed.The room was above my expectations. The bathroom was so large (about half a room size of a NYC hotel!). Marble (assuming it is? it's beautiful, it's cold, it's real smooth stone!) adorns everything in it! There is also a nice tv in the bathroom & huge tub & huge separate shower.This is the first place Ive ever table gambled & the dealer was very nice in explaining what I am supposed to do in black jack, the waitresses are very kind & you don't have to wait long for a drink but the bartender didn't know how to make a salty dog  (thumbs down to that!) even when I said what it contained it still could not be created :( On the cool side I saw Sung Kang gambling not too far from my table & yes, he is just as hot in person as he is the Fast & Furious franchise!The Wynn has a nice club called Surrender it's nice but everybody is acts fake (but i think that's normal for the Vegas club scene!) & it was around $30 to get in. it's situated around a pool & I don't recommend gambling here! Yet the guest DJ was on point & we had fun dancing!
5	I have stayed at the Wynn two times now and it is def my first choice when it comes to hotels in Las Vegas. I hear a lot of people complain about it being at the end of the strip (this personally does not bother me since I find myself spending most of my time at XS Nightclub or other locations in the Wynn and Encore) but I think that allows them to take full advantage of the landscaping and property. You are visually stimulated by all the detail and work that has gone into creating such a lovely place such as the Wynn. The restaurants are top notch and the entire environment is clean and constantly well kept. The employees are friendly and helpful, tons of shows and shops to explore. Beautiful art work throughout the vicinity, Positive and well lit environment. I am 23 and feel safe to wonder this hotel by myself because I know there is a trustworthy employee in any direction. The Encore is more suitable for a younger crowd and the Wynn appeals more to an older age range, but as long as your dressed decently they are pretty welcoming to all.  The Wynn rooms are spacious with a large bathroom and a full snack and fridge bar THAT IS WEIGHT CENSORED so please do not touch things unless you actually consider purchasing it. The beds are EXTREMELY comfortable, cleaning service is outstanding, and the electronic controls for the lights, curtains etc. was quite entertaining. :)The bathroom in our double bed suite room was very nice, with a convient door shutting off the toilet area making it easy for people to get ready and use the restroom as needed. Large bathtub, with a walk in shower next to it... Although I did not use the tub, the shower had well powered water at good temperatures. Hair & Body products provided in the shower were of good quality as well. I feel like the Wynn has everything I need, with that being said...I will return soon again. ** I do have to note that the Wynn along with everything in it can be pricy, but you get what you pay for.
5	three words to describe the Wynn, the masterpiece by Steve Wynn:                                      KINGDOM OF HEAVENIf you could die and end up in the casino-resort of your dreams, the Wynn is your destination. Everything is lavish and eloquent in this paradise. With retailers Christian Dior, Louis Vuitton and Cartier headlining the Wynn Esplanade to the famous SW Steakhouse and Lakeside Seafood, both ran by Chef David Walzog, providing excellent waterfall views for a romantic night out, Steve Wynn spares no expenses when it comes to providing pleasure for our eyes. The casino itself is beautiful itself with some of the best dealers working the strip.If you are staying at the Wynn over a weekend and not spending over $1000 for your room, dining and casino, then you are most likely not #wynning lol
5	This the best hotel in the world. Everything about the hotel is exceptional. The rooms are amazing. Well designed, spacious and beautiful. The casino is great and very fun. The shops are top notch. The restaurant are all amazing. The staff is very courteous and attentive. The pool is beautiful and fun. All the restaurants are great. Never had a bad meal. The spa is out of this world but very pricey. The night life is great.  The clubs are fun and the music is always awesome.
5	Winter in wonderland. Everything is so beautiful. Love all the decorations and colors. With thousands of ornaments and dozens of fully decorated trees, there truly is no place for Christmas like Vegas.
3	I'll give the 'five star hotel' three stars. The sole Reason is that the shower head only drizzled a sparse amount of water upon my arrival. I suspected that similar to California, Las Vegas, might be facing a severe drought. Therefore, I thought the Encore hotel took measures to dissuade hotel guests from using too much water.  But, honestly, the very limited water pressure and paltry amount of water that trickled out of the shower became unbearable. After three miserable showers, I finally alerted management and they had engineering replace the entire shower head! Instead of apologizing, they asked why I didn't call sooner. Further, the staff person explained that they were 'surprised that earlier guests hadn't complained'! For a five star establishment, I would have appreciated far better treatment for the inconvenience.  Once the shower head was replaced, the shower was in great working order.
5	Wynn has to be one of the nicest if not the nicest place in Vegas to stay at.I have been here twice and everything from the customer to cleanliness of this place is on point. There is a reason why this hotel is more pricey than that of others. You get what you pay for. Wynn cares about the upkeeping and cleanliness of their resort and it shows. Everything from the rose pedals being swithced out daily to the carpet having that brand new smell. The pool is also heated during the winter time. The fitness facility has a lot different equipments. The spa is world class. I tried to pick out something wrong with this place, and I couldn't find anything. Highly recommend.
2	Disappointing; overly crowded and pedestrian despite nice setting. When we came, lines for checkin and taxis were endless. Baggage service took nearly an hour. Pool was closed for maintenance with no head's up or warning from staff. By 230 pm room was still unmade, but a bottle of water from the minibar had been replaced. WiFi even for guests is $15.99/day. Gym not free for guests either, with its own charges. Valet was attitude-y. During the night pipes creaked and groaned and thin walls left us hearing music and talking in other rooms. Would not return here.
5	Loved this hotel! The rooms were spacious, great room service. The hotel has great clubs, restaurants, great pool, and a great casino. Loved the decorations!
2	I stayed at Wynn for two nights and it is gorgeous, comfortable, and nice place, but I will not stay there again because I could not sleep until 4:00am since their night club XS were so loud even though I was at 35th floor.  The concierge did not seem to care about my concern.  They said, yes some people complain about the nightclub noise and we are aware of it.  I don't think they care since they will make more money until 4am?It's unfortunate because hotel is very beautiful.  I won't recommend this place  to others due to the reason I have mentioned above. .
5	Being at the WYNN is a TRUE WIN! This place is amazing as expected. From the great design outside, to the great customer service and looks on the inside. Nothing can go wrong here. The waterfalls and the foliage here make this place amazing and they do such a great job on upkeep. The customer service here is fantastic as well as the drink service. If you are gambling, once you order your comped drink, you don't have to wait an hour to get it like other casinos. It was there within a couple minutes. They place customer service first and it shows!
5	I LOVE, LOVE the Wynn/Encore! I don't think I can ever stay at any other place in Las Vegas after spending a week here. As far as the hotel itself, the accommodations they have for their guest is amazing! Customer service was on it too.My family, friends and I had a little trouble checking in and after a little miscommunication they accommodated us with an upgrade from a standard room to a suite at the Encore Tower. Originally we had reserved for a 3 day/2night stay but extended our stay for the rest of the week (with no hassle/problem at all).Our suite was top of the line - our view overlooked  XS and the venues pool and further along parts of The Strip. Last but not least, the ambience and interior design was luxurious - from the set up of the bedroom and living room. In addition to that, they have mirrors all around the entire suite which we have benefited from so much during our stay (majority of us were girls so everyone had their space and we were almost always on time when it came to getting ready for our day/night of events). As their guest, we were a very big group and we didn't have a problem when it came to having a place or spot to get our beauty sleep - beds are very large and comfortable, and their couch was also a pull out bed. They provided extra pillows and blankets in their closets. Never hesitate on calling the front desk/room service - they were so generous when we requested for an extra pull out bed, a refrigerator and extra pillows & blankets.Last but not least - ENCORE BEACH CLUB (EBC) and XS Night Swim (Summer experience). How can you say no to that?! It was such a great convenience to us just to take the elevator down and straight to the venue, (NO RUSH, NO LINE, NO COMMUTE). On top of that, Major Lazer was spinning the weekend I was there and Skrillex currently has residency on Monday's at XS. WIth a plug here and there (it's not very hard to find one in Vegas), my party and I were able to get free bottle service during our stay. The amount a typical person would spend on a room + having to get a taxi, Uber or Lyft to a hotel/venue would be the same amount you would spend here with the luxury of staying at the Wynn/Encore. Trust - I can go on about this place.All in all, you won't regret your stay here. :)
5	I'm very impressed by everything in this hotel, very nice and warm welcome feel , Great restaurants , Great casino.
5	Is there such a thing as "too classy?"If so, the WYNN not only crossed that line, but it built a solid-gold-barricade to keep out the huddled masses yearning to take a peek at the lobby while having the audacity not to purchase a single thing. The least these would-be gawkers can do is pop into one of the WYNN's eateries and order a unique snack, like unicorn flanks or an omelet made from the last remaining Dodo eggs. Maybe a souvenir is more their speed. In which case, patrons are welcome to visit the WYNN's very own Ferrari Dealership. What's that you say? Only Sheiks and former Latin American Dictators can afford such a vehicle?  Fair enough. Maybe you should just relax in the WYNN's spa, where you can experience the world's most unique treatments. Rumor has it that, if you know just how to approach their masseurs, they'll arrange for a clone of the late Liz Taylor to give you a scalp massage using only her feet.If, for some reason, you find yourself in the presence of Steve WYNN himself, be sure to take in his sweet, one-of-a-kind natural scent, which only blooms at night. But be warned: DO NOT look him directly in the eye, as he perceives such actions as a threat.  If he begins to pound his chest or pull up grass, stand your ground but look down as a sign of deference. All in all, it's a pretty classy place.
4	We had our wedding at the Wynn and it went perfectly! The hotel is amazing nice. The rooms are beautiful and have amazing views. We stayed in the panoramic king room for two nights, and for our last two night we stayed in the salon suite. Everything about this place radiates opulence. From the amazing floral displays, to the chic shopping experience. The restaurants are all high class and delicious. We had an unforgettable time
5	We went here for my friends birthday and everything tasted good, lots of vegas style deserts
1	My family have been loyal customers of Wynn for many many years. It's been our favorite hotel until today.The customer service at wynn lacks professionalism. I was thoroughly disappointed at how a manager handles a mistake that was made by an employee checking us in. Upon check in, my card was double charged for the resort fee. The next day when I approached the checkin desk again to voice my concern, the manager I spoke to was extremely arrogant  and insisted they corrected the mistake so that's all. His apology was insincere and he communicated with a stern face and acted like I was wasting his time, when it was his staffs mistake that's causing me extra trouble.I've stayed at plenty 5 star resorts and not once have I experienced such horrible customer service.
2	Fancy place, decent price range.Downsides:Internet is not free and expensive.Security were unreasonable and mean. Slow staff.
5	First time staying at this hotel and I am blown away at how gorgeous it is! Have a basic king size room and it is amazing! Very clean and spacious. Love the furniture and the decor of the room. View is spectacular! Don't think you can get a bad view in this hotel. This hotel is in a great location right across fashion mall so lots of shopping and restaurants to choose from. Kind of got lost trying to find my way to my room so I asked an employee nearby and they were very nice and helpful in pointing me in the right direction. Will probably stay here my next trip back.
5	The best and only hotel I stay when I go Vegas , the room just make me feel like I'm at my own place and make me feel so relax .......I love Wynn ^_^
5	I came to the Wynn specifically to enjoy SW Steakhouse. I pulled up to the complimentary valet. They work solely on tips. I went to the restaurant and enjoyed one of the best meals of my life for a little under two hours (see my SW Steakhouse review for the delectable details!). The valet was an extremely convenient option versus self parking and walking some distance. The restaurant is really close to the valet entrance.After dinner, I hit the casino floor in hopes of recuperating some of the $300 I had just spent on my meal. I told myself I was going to gamble $100 only, which usually turns out to be a disastrous attempt at self control (one word: ATM).Wynn boasts the latest in slots, video poker, roulette, and table games (blackjack, pai gow, etc). There is a wide selection of games, and friendly staff. Getting a player card is a breeze, and I've never had a machine malfunction on me. Overall a great place to play slots and video poker. Don't forget to indulge in some free drinks while you're playing; just remember to tip your cocktail server.I put $100 into a roulette machine. I like a system of betting 2 of the 3 grouped number fields, i.e. 1st 12, 2nd 12, or 3rd 12. This way you have a 2/3 chance of winning one unit on every spin. For example bet $20 on 1st 12 and $20 on 2nd 12. If you win, you win $20. If you lose, you lose $40. I've gone on a winning streak of $800 before at the Wynn using this system, betting in $20 increments. That means I won a total of 40 units. Be cognizant of the 0 and 00. These put you at slightly less than 2/3 odds to win. Tonight's session didn't work out so well. After numerous bets, I was down to $60 and decided to cut my losses. I moved on to my favorite casino video poker machine - 100 play draw poker.*Do not gamble. Gambling typically results in loss of money. (Author assumes no responsibility for anyone ignoring this advice.)On previous visits I have noticed about four different 100 play draw poker machines at the Wynn. I saw one and immediately sat down. They're usually pretty popular so I was surprised I found an open one right away. I was only betting $5 per hand in order to try to stick to my $100 limit. So with my remaining $60 I began my 100 play draw poker adventure.I was getting dealt crap and was down to $15. On the next, magical hand, I was dealt four 8's. So my $15 jumped up to $260. I started with $100 in the roulette machine, and left the draw poker machine with $250. $150 profit. I was a happy camper and got the hell outta there. In essence, my $300 SW Steakhouse meal only cost me $150! That's a win in my book!After having 3 kids, both my desire and resources to gamble have dwindled. I was super happy to replenish $150 and leave. I turned in my valet ticket, and my car resurfaced 5 minutes later. I tipped the driver and was on my way.As of 12/24/14, only three restaurants in the U.S. offer certified, authentic Kobe beef. Wynn has two of the three (SW Steakhouse and Mizumi).I've seen Le Reve at the Wynn and it's a beautiful, skillful show. It's almost as good as any cirque du soleil production.For a man who is virtually blind, Steve Wynn has precise, creative vision when it comes to the hotel and gaming industry. His properties are some of the best in the world. I highly respect the man and trust any resort with his name on it.I've stayed at the Wynn several times before and have always enjoyed myself. The rooms are clean and elegant. My parents have a long standing history with Wynn resorts. This relationship goes back to the Bellagio, Treasure Island, and the Mirage. We must've stayed at the Mirage at least ten or eleven times in the 90s. When Steve Wynn opened up his namesake hotel, my family came here and have enjoyed it ever since. Wynn Las Vegas is classy, professional, and top flight. I highly recommend this or Encore for a stay in Las Vegas.
5	This hotel is outstanding. At check in, we said we had a recent anniversary (which was in May but what the heck, May isn't THAT far from December is it?) and they upgraded us to a panoramic suite on floor 31 at no additional charge. The room is outstanding - automated lights and motorized window coverings and a view of the strip that can't be beat. WIFI is included when you are staying there because it is part of the non-optional resort fee, but even if you don't use any of the other resort features, it is pretty much a wash for what you would pay for the WIFI anyhow. Included with our stay was a free buffet for you. Usually buffets kinda suck, but the Wynn has the best buffet on the strip so well worth the visit (although the line was exceptionally long when we were there). The room was clean, the hotel was immaculate, and the staff was outstanding. If you want to stay in Vegas and you want a place to remember, stay at the Wynn (and go see La Rev).
5	I was comped here for a weekend and made full usage bringing the boys with me.  Saw some fights, lost some money but all in all a great time as always on the strip.  There's nothing I can add to these reviews really, high end facilities and located north center of the strip.  It's one off my bucket list to stay and play a round here as well.  We had a suite over looking wynn's 18 holes and I dreamt of the day where I could afford to play a round and stay at the wynn on a single trip.  Now that would make me feel all grown up.  Great hotel.
5	Whenever we go to Las Vegas, we stay at the Wynn or its sister, Encore hotel. I'm totally taken to a new destination when I enter these doors. Truly, It's like Hannah in Wonderland, but everything is a beautiful experience. The best show, The Dream, is a must see for all. It's AMAZING. It amazes your entire being. Just sit back and tune everything out... and for a few hours, you're just totally engaged and tickled deeply.The interiors EVERYWHERE, are so exquisitely beautiful. No matter what you wear and who you are doesn't matter. The staff here are very kind and respectful. I love even looking at the casinos, the beautiful walls, and the LIGHT FIXTURES of all shapes and sizes and settings. ALL different, yet they're linked, in that they provide a nice mood that's easy on the eyes.The butterfly is the trademark it seems. Oh and the lovely lit white peacock is so stunning. Every dining restaurant is unique and decorated to fit a certain mood. It's truly a very well thought out structure. The pool is so spacious, and they give you towels too. There's someone there to help you, and provide whatever you need. They even have cars for sale too! It's truly a nifty place to walk into. You can just take a nice walk within this large site, and be taken away into your own private imagination. The colors are so mixed with perfection. My eyes will take its time to really look at the details. I don't want to be with anyone else to talk about what I see... it's just for me. I love that... I feel it on my own... unsullied. PURE TO MY BONE.
3	I love this hotel, but I think the Bellagio still wins in my book. My family and I got upgraded to the 60th floor, which had an amazing view. The rooms are SO cute and clean and there's a TV in the bathroom... lol! However, the TV in the room didn't work at all, despite the "directions" on how to use the TV on the remote control.  Also, the walls were SO THIN! I could hear people talking in the hallway all throughout the night, plus I could hear the neighbors during the middle of the night (although this might be because they were fighting...). Anyhoo, I'm a fan of the hotel itself, La Rev the show, the buffet (for brunch and dinner), and the shops.
5	This is our second time we stayed at Wynn Las Vegas. The first time was only for two nights in April 2014 and this past week for 5 days.The first time we came here and introduced our daughter to "R&R", it was a toss up from Palm Springs (which we had done a few times already) or a NEW desert experience. I had wanted to keep her innocent mind and eyes from all this but, dad ensured me she would have a blast (in my mind, I still recalled many times mom and dad had to smuggle us kids in...).On to the hotel:Never once during the past stay did we ever feel as if our daughter ("does not drink, gamble or eat enough") was not appreciated. All the staff treated us as if we were royalty. One exception was when we were standing BY the ATM machine and a staff member escorted us away from it due to my daughters age. My daughter said (at 8 mind you) "what am I going to do? Take the ATM and go gamble with it?! I'm not even old enough better yet strong enough to do such a silly thing!" So to staff, we understand some of the rules and how closely you are watched but really?The buffet (as mentioned) is SPECTACULAR! The food is amazing as is the spread and the separate dessert room?! Absolutely worth the amount you pay but NOT worth breakfast, lunch and dinner worth.The pool staff, my deepest appreciation to them. They treated my daughter like she was Queen of the Pool. Everything was "yes miss, no miss, how or what can I get/do for you miss".Wynn, received a call from me the very day we got home and I thanked them up and down for treating her like a person regardless of what she spent. This place knows, treat the kids well and mommy and dad are more than happy to come back.And come back we did! This time for Christmas!!! This time we stayed for 5 days and to tell you that this was an even better experience even with all the traffic of world travelers, you would doubt but I'm being honest here.At first, we booked our room at Encore (requested Strip view) but when we checked in, we were staring straight at the airport, a BIT of the golf course and the back of Wynn. Encore just lacked what the Wynn has, activity and view. We immediately called the front desk and they moved us to the Wynn with the best view we have ever had.They sent us a "Hotel Porter" who carried all our belongings to the Wynn. We tipped him very well as he did everything for us. Got us a fridge and a "roll away" bed.The view was beautiful from our 58th floor. We can see all the way down the Strip which is what our daughter loves most.This stay was different, we went down every morning to the drugstore cafe to get apple juice, coffee and muffins. Therefore, quite a few dealers and security got to know us by face and greeted us every morning as our now 9 year old walks out sporting her Christmas Jammie's and carrying her teddy. Cutest part was when security bid a morning greeting to our daughter and her teddy.Only once (again) were we approached by a large woman security asking my daughter to don her shoes when half of the patrons visiting from other hotels were barefoot in the lobby with a lame excise of "there MAY be glass on the floors front he ornaments or loose tile...". I guess she is looking out for a future client but seriously? Ok, whatever.This time however, we passed on the extreme long lines for buffet but we did try the Terrace Cafe. Excellent food but slow service. Totally worth it if you don't have plans to tour the town.This time, we stretched our wings in Vegas. We went to:Bellagio - ONeon Sign MuseumMob MuseumParis - cafe at Eiffel TowerLotus of SiamFogo de ChaoRamen SoraCircus Circus - 9 year old gambling at the arcadeLuxor- Titanic exhibitionBattlefield Las VegasHard Rock HotelThis was the one of the best vacations for all of us as we got to see much of Vegas...through different lenses.Wynn staff, thank you again....for treating us so amazingly on our second trip! Especially our daughter. See you next year!
4	Great pool, beautiful hotel. Love the bar next to the water with shows at night. The room was great! The beds and pillows were great!
5	an over the top beauty...every detail down to the uniforms match everything else.best deal is to use the AMEX PLAT and get into the tower suites which include free breakfast, valet parking and $100 SPA credit....make sure you have a strip view, then you can view the lakeside show from your room.if you don't go tower, then ask for a corner suite on the north side facing the strip.  the room is about the same size as the suite BUT it has an INCREDIBLE view of the entire strip!!!If your looking for a beer guzzling Vegas experience stay in Downtown or the south side of the strip...this is a big boy place and they want to keep it that way.
3	Maybe my expectations were too high because I was honestly a little disappointed in the Wynn.We checked in late on a Friday and maybe the woman that helped us was tired or something because she was not very friendly. I asked for a room on a high floor - we got the 8th floor - so that didn't work.The room itself was nice but like I said I guess I was expecting more. It was just very ordinary, like a room you expect to find anywhere. I thought with the Wynn I would get a "wow" factor but I didn't. The window shades are controlled by a remote panel which is fun for the first few minutes but that's about it. The bed was very comfortable though so I'll give them that.I also did like the pool area quite a bit. It's large with lots of great places to lay out. We went later in the day so it was pretty quiet. I'm not into the pool party scene so I liked that it was more laid back. I think the Encore is where the party is at if that's your thing.The other downside to the Wynn is that it's on the end of the strip so it's just that much more walking to get to the action.Next time we're in Vegas I think we'll stay a little more center to the action, like Bellagio.
5	Always stay here and we LOVE IT! No other hotel on the strip older or newer can compare! Home away from home!
5	Short and to the point....One of the best casinos in Vegas.  Lots of young professionals enjoying life...great music, food, and gambling if you so choose.
5	As far as casinos and hotels go. The Wynn properties are as good as it gets. Everything about this place is 5 stars. The restaurants, the rooms, EVERYTHING. Is it expensive? Yes, but in Vegas you get what you pay for. We arrived and were lucky enough to not have to wait in line to check in. We had a private check in then went up to our room. No detail was overlooked in the rooms. The bed was plush and comfortable. The floor to ceiling windows gave us a beautiful view of the strip. I love this hotel. If you have the opportunity to stay here, do so you won't regret it. The staff is awesome and always willing to help you with whatever you need. Take advantage of the concierge as well, it saved us time standing in line for tickets to shows.We enjoyed man of the restaurants that are in the Wynn and Encore. We will be back for sure, we'll try getting a room in the Encore next time.
5	The overall nicest Las Vegas resort.  Can't beat the combination of ambiance, food, gambling, entertainment, and class.
3	*** This review is for the casino only ***I have been to Wynn Las Vegas several times for shows and to eat at the buffet.  The casino is very nice and roomy.  I like the wide aisles which generally allow you to navigate around photo taking tourists who are in a cloud.I stopped in to see the newer carousel and hot air ballon and was disappointed to find they were artificial flowers instead of real ones.  I was looking closely and a security person asked me if he could help.  When I mentioned the artificial flowers, he confirmed I was correct.I do like to stop and see the two Jeff Koons sculptures Wynn has purchased.  But I wonder if paying for two guards for each (maybe two only depending on time of day) is worth the cost as opposed to having some fresh flowers in his floral displays.  I do like Koons.  I spent a good amount of time at LACMA in the Koons section so I am very familiar with his work.  It's just that I can't afford to buy one for my place.
4	If you are looking for the best bed to sleep in then look no further.  You will sink down in the sheets and not want to move from bed.  Room service all day if you ask me.  This is the hotel you stay in to get some relaxation.  Great night clubs too make sure you visit Surrender at night!
3	Probably the best hotel with customer service on the strip. You really can't go wrong with the Wynn. It's expensive but it's clean, nicely decorated and spacious. My only suggestion is that they upgrade the ventilation system. Although I could tolerate the smoke, it was almost unbearable in certain areas.
5	Review for Tower Suites only:I LOVE staying at the Tower Suites at the Wynn. Lovely decor, attention to detail, private Tower Suites valet entrance, short distance to restaurants and tables. Friendly and professional staff. I really enjoy the spa, massages are fabuluxe! Feels like home away from home. Simply elegant.
