5	The beautiful Carin and I went to the Village this morning for our respective workouts...She hit the cardio machines hard and I played squash with my buddies.As I finished my last game with one of my buddies, Jim (who happens to be a cardiologist), he mentioned that I looked a little emaciated...peaked even, and prescribed chicken and waffles, "stat" (stat is a medical term that means "with extra butter, syrup and a side of grits":)Fortunately for me there is a new emergency location for Lolo's that has opened up altogether too close to my home:)Serendipity started to smile on me when we pulled up just as someone was leaving and we scored the parking spot right in front...serendipity continued as we put our name in for the 30 minute wait, only to be called after 15 minutes...and continued to weave it's way through the entire meal, as we got our drinks right away (really, is there much of anything better than a 1/2 gallon of sweet tea with your Saturday afternoon brunch?:), and we were waited on promptly and served right away.I was saved from wasting away:)I was particularly delighted for 2 reasons:     - This was only their second day open in Scottsdale and they were   absolutely slammed with both people eating at Lolo's and with take out orders, so it looked like the service was a little uneven...but the Lolo's staff were so darn nice to everyone, most of the customers seemed  to be pretty understanding:)     - This was Carin's first experience with Lolo's, and like all of her other "first times" with me, I wanted it to be both "special" and "delightful"...I am a loving, thoughtful and caring husband:)We couldn't have asked for it to go any better, especially for going by so soon after they opened:)The chicken and waffles are every bit as good as the original location down on Yuma:)...Carin has fallen in love with Lolo's, too:)The decor in the new place is pleasant...welcoming and comfortable...I love the wash tub lighting treatments:)And the staff continues to be pleasant (trending toward sweet as pie) to everyone...they could have been pretty tight-faced today, because they really did have a ton of people (all looking to get their chicken and waffle on) come by Lolo's today.I wasn't expecting to give these guys 5 stars right out of the gate, but doggone it, they earned it!Great food, great atmosphere, nice people and now, right in the hood:)I wonder if Jim is going to send me a bill for the medical advice? :-)
5	loving the chicken. loving the waffles. loving the grits. loving the trough of tea.  lo lo's has it all!  apparently yesterday got a bit insane, but for sunday (today), they've brought in extra help.  super nice staff, super tasty food.  kid friendly.  i don't know what's in the waffles that makes them so good, i don't know what's in the chicken breading that makes it so good.  i don't care!  it was tasty as all get out, and luckily, it's within walking distance from us!  hopefully, this can help our area get some more foot traffic, and also help some of the lovely other eateries in the area (like the noodle ranch).  yum!!!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. Today was my 2nd experience at Lolo's. Went to the one in Phoenix, about a few months ago. So I'm stoked they have a new location  conveniently down the street from work. The staff is soo friendly and helpful and the service in actually getting the food is extremely fast.The food itself, amazing. Fried Chicken w/ Waffles (that I might add have an amazing flavor) doused in syrup and chased with some fruit punch kool-aid makes for a great lunch. I think I may need a nap now.
5	I ride my bike to work.  Today I was running a little bit later than I usually do.  I had the slightest of hangovers, so getting out the door was a bit more delayed than is typical.I was riding my bike down Scottsdale Rd.  I've peaked in the window of Lo-Lo's before and I saw that it was under construction.  Today, I saw people standing around inside.  It was open.I decided, Fuck it.  I'm never late to work, so today I can be a few minutes behind schedule.  I still made it to work on time, but I set down a Styrofoam box next to my computer with chicken and waffles.The waffles have a taste of cinnamon to them and they're super buttery and delicious.  The chicken is not the best chicken I've ever had, but the best chicken I've ever had was so good that if I told you how good it was, you would simply assume that I was exaggerating.The chicken is damn good though.  The recipe that they use is very much complimented by using a splash of Louisiana hot sauce.  It was phenomenally bomb.I stared out the window, watching the clouds loom in the distance and raindrops spit down the glass... all the while chewing on a chicken bone and feeling my hangover dissolve into genuine comfort.
4	Finally made my way to the new Lolo's in Scottsdale. Live close by and really haven't heard of it until about a month ago when I was renting a video at Blockbuster. Decided to go fairly late Saturday before they closed and at about 2pm the place was pretty packed. Was given a choice to sit at the bar which wasn't a problem. Impressed by the transformation as this location used to have a Tokyo Express which I would go to at least once a week. I was joined at the bar by 3 other people and given menus. Only issues I have with my whole meal is that they should have decided the bar so that people can put their legs underneath because the meal required a bit of gymnastics to fit comfortably. Other issue, but one I can forgive is that the 3 people next to me were asked what they wanted to drink, Koolaid, and somehow I became temporarily invisible and wasn't. Took about 5 minutes for anyone to bother to ask. I can't blame though because the place was busy and I who doesn't want a new place to be successful when the food and atmosphere are good.Ordered the Betty Boop (chicken and waffle, and so did the 3 other people next to me...I have that effect on people). Chicken breast and waffle were delicious and I definitely had a sugar high from the 2 gallons of Koolaid that were served to me. I'll make a note to maybe go for some Diet Coke next time. Definitely recommend the place and hope to check it out with my family or a group of friends to have better seating.
4	I have been to the downtown location and yep, the food is the same.  Service is a little disjointed here like who's on first?  Still go, eat...you iwll like it.
3	Maybe I'm just biased and like the Phoenix location better, but I've had better Lolo's at the Phoenix location. Plus, I love the cozy atmosphere there as well.  We came in around 11:15am before the rush and were seated right away.  A friend and I decided to split the KK, thinking the chicken was the same size, but we were wrong.  The chicken pieces were a lot smaller and it didn't have the same flavor that I was expecting.  5 minutes into our meal, one of the waitresses came by and asked us if she could take our plates.  We all just looked at each other and was wondering if she was kidding since we all had full plates.  She came back more often to clear our plates than to refill our drinks! I know the place was busy but being rushed through our meal is the most annoying thing a waitress can do! On top of that, it took forever to get our check and refills.  Knowing that they have THE best Red Velvet cake ever, I decided to take one to go.  After taking a few bites, I discovered egg shells in the cake...  I won't be returning to this location.
4	Finding the idea of chicken and waffles very intriguing and being almost as big of a syrup lover as Will Ferrell in Elf, I had to give Lolo's a try upon finding out it was in my backyard. I went with two friends at lunchtime on a Thursday and the place was packed. While they seem to still be figuring out the service (we were "forgotten about" several times), the food was excellent. I had the Betty Boop - chicken breast and a waffle, both of which were delicious. I was not disappointed with the syrup either. We shared a few sides - mac and cheese, fried okra and greens. The greens were really delicious, slightly spicy and full of flavor. The mac and cheese was not bad, the fried okra nothing special. All in all, a great atmosphere, good comfort food and I think this new location will do really well, esp. if they decide to stay open late and cater to the "must sober up" crowd.
5	In order to arrange a upcoming UYE "Butter Party " , Jim , Audrey, Donald , Amy B , Heather  and myself set up a little waffle exploration meeting.  For the good of the order we met up to partake in the phenomenon known as "waffles and chicken ". To be fully prepared for the UYE we ate to our hearts content . I have to be honest and not lie, that I fully loved every scrumptious morsel. From the yummy waffle, tasty chicken , to the  yummy cornbread  it was all good.. but the highlight of my eating was the macaroni and cheese ...creamy , sublime , rich , crusty in places, sharp cheese laced, man ,I really like that stuff. I didn't know if I should share the delicious treat with my family or squirrel it away in my purse to savor later.   Kids loved it , waffles and fried food goes over big in our family. The service was exceptionally good, courteous , well thought out , and  made the place. Decor is a bit of whimsy with homey flair . Bright and airy , fresh and  comfortable.  Love the big old mason jars for drinks , nice down home touch, folks .  We met the manager who was very nice and willing to make all of our UYE dreams come true. She also informed us that they will be opening soon for the late night crowd from 5pm-3am. Simply can't wait to go back.... Anybody busy tomorrow?
4	************************WEAR BIG PANTS************************I had never had chicken and waffles together.  In fact, I don't think I've even had fried chicken outside of KFC and Hungry Man (I guess women don't get hungry?).  For a meal that did not involve a tortilla, I was pleasantly surprised.I went with the Betty Boop, a breast and a waffle.  The chicken was juicy and perfectly fried to a crisp golden brown.  The waffle was delicious, although maybe I wish it were just a little crispier on the outside.  But the cinnamony goodness was complimented by a nice baseball-sized scoop of butter and plenty of syrup.  Of course, I had to have the mac & cheese, too.  It was some of the best I've had in a restaurant (I'm a little partial to Kraft I'm afraid to admit).  We had a large group, and the staff was very accommodating and friendly.    But word of warning, they don't split checks for large groups and will only process two transactions per table (two credit cards or cash and one credit card).  Luckily I planned ahead and brought cash...and wore big pants.
4	I went to the new LoLo's location with other fellow yelpers to check this place out.  I had been to the location downtown and wasnt all that impressed with what I had seen, so I thought I would give it another chance.  This one was a much better time.Upon entering, said parties were already seated.  I was happy to say that my experience here was much better then before.  This place is actually clean!  and has decent parking!  and, as a bonus, the service was substaintially better then the one downtown.  Same menu, same tasting food, but a better experience.When coming here, expect to wait.  This place is super popular, and tasty.  Be prepared to eat!!
5	While I was waiting for my food at the counter, I had to try the last piece of red velvet cake that had been staring me down and calling my name. Verdict: the BEST Red Velvet cake I have ever tasted!!!But I digress, my first taste experience upon entering Lolo's this Sunday morning with my husband, was the refreshing homemade lemonade served in a large mason jar. It really is the best lemonade, better than any I have ever had the pleasure to drink, even my own homemade lemonade does not compare.  I quickly downed half a jar and then was promptly offered a refill. Customer service is alive and well at Lolo's. What brough us to Lolo's was the fried chicken, so needless to say we were filled with anticipation and can tell you that it is worth the trip. It is the best fried chicken west of the Mason/Dixon line! The mac and cheese was wonderful as were the sweet potatoes. Let's not forget the grits...yummy! The corn muffin was the "icing on the cake" (if you don't count the scrumptious red velvet cake icing!)We drove home and promptly devoured the red velvet cake and then took a nap. In short, a perfect way to spend a lazy Sunday. Starting September 11th they will serve dinner and be open until 3:00AM
4	Save money!  Eat at Lolo's!  Go here for an early lunch and you are set for the day!  Perhaps a small snack 6-8 hours later but that's pretty much it!My second visit to Lolo's didn't quite measure up to the first visit...and still it was 4 stars.Great company with a group of Yelpers and my family too!Seriously, I was full 6 hours after eating here.
3	I enjoyed it, I loved telling people I ate at LoLo's.  But it is Chicken, waffles, corn bread.  Not my favorites but a fun place to go!
5	I'm still feeling wonderful, and it has been five hours since I ate.  The two hour nap I just woke up from has me feeling like I'm walking on clouds (in my own house).    I saw this place on the news when they opened their new location.  I took me a while to get there, but went today with the hubby and youngest son.  Oh the food was sooooooooo sooooooooo sooooooo good! The waffle was amazing, and with the chicken, it tasted perfect together.  I also ordered mac n' cheese and the candied sweets (sweet potatoes), they were great.  The sweet tea was awesome (I got it half and half though) and the kooliad was awesome.  I was ready for a nap as soon as we walked back in the door.  I am still stuffed, but I have to cook dinner for my hungry boys.It was a little more costly than I would have expected, but considering everything is made fresh, and all that work, and how amazing it tasted, I don't mind.
5	I've never been to either Lolo's location until today.  I'm not a huge fried chicken person, particularly not for breakfast, but i ordered up a Betty Boop and buckled in for the full experience.  Bottom line: best fried chicken I've ever had.  The waffle was pretty great as well.  I sampled two sides - the fried okra didn't knock my socks off, and by the time i got around to trying the mac and cheese, i was too full to appreciate the creamy cheesiness.  it was really good, though.  The service was great, I was quite pleased on that front.  I was a tad worried that a great local place that knows that they've really made it would have a bit of an attitude, but i didn't get any of that from the people who served our table.  five stars on that front (other than the fact that the drink orders were served to the middle of the table - i don't consider that a deal-breaker).Speaking of drinks, I recall a recent "twitter" or status update in which someone noted that she was looking for a bathtub full of ice cold lemonade or something similar.  I'm fully prepared to go a few steps farther.  I would willingly give up seafood if all the world's oceans were made of Lolo's ice cold Arnold Palmer, in perfect proportion.  It's that good.  And it can't be much more sticky than the nasty saltwater those oceans have now, right?  plus that stuff tastes disgusting.anyway, i cannot tell you how excited i am for the night hours that begin next friday at this location only.  every friday night, this Lolo's will re-open at five and remain open until THREE the next morning.  I don't care if I have to walk from downtown phoenix (where i usually do most of my weekend drinking), the people-watching here is going to be epic.  (oh, wait, those are the people i came in with.  funny i don't recognize them in the light...)  i can't wait.
3	I'm guessing everyone who gave this place 4 and 5 stars has never been to Roscoe's. I was really excited when I found Lolo's on Yelp because my bf had fallen in love with Roscoe's and I thought I might have found a Phoenix alternative. I looked at the menu online and it was a total Roscoe's rip off - super similar menu, names and descriptions ("succulent breast" anyone?).The food here was good, not great. I thought the chicken itself was on the bland side and although it was nice and crispy, the crust seemed to taste almost burnt. My boyfriend thought it was dry. The gravy that smothered my chicken was also under seasoned and waffles were a little wimpy. My friend said his waffle was cold. However, I thought the service here was really great. They were very nice and helpful. I asked for gravy with my chicken and they forgot it, but were quick to bring me some. They ran out of drumsticks, so they gave my friend a wing - and when he asked for a thigh instead, they were very accommodating  although it didn't arrive until we were done eating. I would come back if I was in AZ and craving fried chicken, but considering the airfare from SF to LA is cheaper than to Phoenix, I think it's more likely that I'll be hitting up Roscoe's.
5	I have been the token metal head to the original Lolo's for many years. I ventured out to the new location with my sister, brother and my niece and nephew. This place is about 4 sizes bigger than the original. We were quoted a 15 min wait on a Saturday morning. We were sat in 5. The menu is the same, the china is the same, the "drank" glasses are the same. Feels just like a slightly more sterile original Lolo's. Waffles were cinnamon-y delicious, chicken was hot and crispy. The catfish was also hot and crispy. Everything except for location felt the same. Which is comforting. I'm still a fan of the charm of the original location and will dine there before I dine at the Scottsdale location again.
4	the chicken was good. the waffles was very good as they were nice and crispy and i dont usually care for waffles that much. the lemonade was too sweet. the mac and cheese was just normal and they seemed offended when we didnt finish it. the service was really nice. the environment was really nice too and it was a nice dine in place. there was plenty of choices on the menu as well with a ton of combinations.
5	It is just as one would think of when you would want some good food made from scratch daily with some of that quintessential homemade flavor and love.When there are local food that defines the heart and culture of a city Lolo's would be a big part of it. Being that many of the high end and designer restaurants and their posh play on food and trends attracts all the attention and tries to monopolize the old town and south Scottsdale area. LoLo's brings you back to the good old basics and it's family base gives you that warm feeling that makes you feel good about eating there. The fried chicken is great, fried like no other and not like any fast food place. The portions are pretty generous so I hope to taste everything one plate at a time. The honey hot wings with fries!!! Yes please, thank you and I wish my basket was never ending.
4	I have been craving some soul food for quite some time, so I kicked and screamed til someone finally took me to Lolo's. After memorizing the menu for weeks, I knew I wanted the Baby Ray. So we go in and I was overjoyed that they had a band playing some sweet grooves. I jammed out a lil while waiting for about 10 minutes. We were seated in a nice lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and sweet tea delivered to us. Yum! I starting getting the biggest sugar rush halfway through the wait. When my food did arrive, I was presented with two waffles bigger than my face, 3 big pieces of chicken smothered in enough gravy and onions to fill a whole gravy boat. The chicken was spectacular, really good flavor and crisp(when not soaked in gravy, get it on the side?). Gravy was pretty good as well.  The waffles were alright, I can't say I am the biggest waffle fan, but the subtle cinnamon flavor was nice. I think the waffles could have been better in my opinion. I am kicking myself for not trying the grits and collared greens or the red velvet cake. I could not finish my second waffle though, so much food, couldn't even think. The service was probably a B-. The hostess was bubbly and sweet. Our server was busy and a little frazzled maybe. The server gave us the wrong change and seemed to not believe that she had. Waiting for the correction was longer than average for sure. Overall, though, I had a good time, perfect way to end my weekend.
4	This was my Mom and her BF's first breakfast in AZ last Saturday. We got there shortly after they opened and were 3 of only about 6 people in the place, so of course the service was very quick.  The "soul food" breakfast was a unique experience for me, but it works.  Mom got a fried chicken breast and potatoes, Dick had the chicken/waffles & scrambled eggs.  My meal of 1 egg OE, grits and 1 waffle was the perfect portion.  We had an iced tea, diet coke and coffee, and with the drinks our meal was only $30, not too shabby for the amount of food served.There was nothing that we had that didn't exceed expectations, I'm sure Lolo's is here to stay.
5	Short and sweet here! This place is awesome!!! Everything is great!!!! Maple Syrup of the best kind. You must try!!!
5	Yup, the mothership has landed in Scottsdale.  Lo Lo's is incredible!Wife and I went there at 4:30pm.  There were not many people there.  I had a wing and a breast and a waffle.  Wife had a breast and waffle and we shared a mac n cheese and a corn bread.  OMG!  This food is fantastic.  I never thought I would have the best fried chicken, corn bread, mac n cheese and waffles in my life all in one sitting.  The waffles were delicious.  I think they throw in a good amount of cinnamon for flavor.  The chicken pieces are huge and the breading is where it's at.  I for one will never be going back to KFC or Churches again.  This is the only place for chicken as far as I'm concerned.   They also have unlimited kool aid in mason jars.  I sucked down 2.
4	what can i say the staff was very friendly i had the 3 piece of chicken w/collard greens and cheesy grits  had enough for lunch the next day also came w/ big piece of cornbread
2	Best Soul Food in the valley eh? Well maybe, but in a town who's very soul seems to be slipping away, they are the best compared to who? I like comfort food, in fact I love it, and bolstered by all the amazing reviews...I wanted to loooove this place, but alas, did not. Hype, hype, hype....The buzz is undeniable though, we went on an off day of the week, though the 30 minute wait would indicate that right now Lo-Lo dont got no off days.10 minutes after being seated in a corner next to the bus station and fire exit, and a few confused/concerned looks from several bussers/servers, we were greeted by an "are you guys ready to order?"....well hello to you to miss young thing in a hurry.Alright, the food.So, the lady gets three breakfast sides to piece together, since she couldnt find a combo that appealed to her. I got a chicken breast, waffle and eggs combo with a side of grits.25 minutes later....One of lady gnomes sides arrived on a one size too small plate with some scrambled eggs hanging off the edges.10 minutes later...My full combo arrives...presentation is certainly not Lo-Lo's strong suit, but then...its obviously just not a priority here, and I'm ok with that,5 minutes later.... her sausage arrives....you get the idea.Heres the verdict:Grits: Good, but grits are pretty idiot proof. Youd have to go out of your way to mess those up.Eggs: Fine. See Grits above.Sausage: Very very good. ( I mean really good)Fried Chicken Breast: Dry, Bland. (at Lolo's CHICKEN & Waffles)Waffles: Thin, flacid...almost soggy and that was WITHOUT having put any syrup on it yet...(at Lolo's Chicken & WAFFLES)We spent about 2 hours here altogether, maybe 15 minutes of which was us actually eating. Which gave us plenty of time to admire the ambiance and design. The pictures of the (owner's?) Kids on the walls playing in the kitchen were ADORABLE (genuinely) Everything was clean and polished, the staff all wearing newly minted Lo-Lo tee's with tongue in cheek witicisms written on their backs like "Backyard Pimp"...and I suddenly get the feeling that I had just come to see the new Lo-Lo's - Bruckheimer movie without having read the wonderfully poignent book on which it was based. The original Lo-Lo's as I understand it is a shack in down town phoenix, without hardly a menu and an honor system of payment. I get the distinct feeling that that building is where they left the Soul...and honestly I think I'm going to go looking for it....maybe I'll take a good book with me.The novelty of Kool Aid in a mason jar can only get you so far....so for Lo-Lo's sake I hope all those 5 star reviews are warranted, not just hype, and that our experience was an isolated one... but for me , the search for soul definitely does not end here.
3	I've been hesitant to review Lolo's. I know everyone creams their pants upon its mere mention, but I really don't. I don't like fried chicken at all, and I'm generally too hungover in the morning to eat anything besides a gallon of gatorade, so I was afraid my review might only be relevant to a specific audience. Namely: Me.But I wanted to review the Scottsdale location since I just went last weekend and have also been to the Phoenix location, so I figured the differences between the two might be worth pointing out. They both have good food, endearing servers, and awesome atmosphere. The differences are subtle, but noticeable. For instance, at the Phoenix location you get an ice cream scoop of warm, melty butter on your waffle. At the Scottsdale location you get a spoonful of cool, hard butter. I realize that waiting 5 minutes would solve this problem, but who has time to wait while there is a delicious breakfast pastry sitting right in front of your face?Basically, everything was just a little different. Though this may have been in part because Coda B. and I split a 3 piece and he stuck me with the thigh.  Bastard.  He liked the grits better here but again, I liked them better at the other location.  Main reason: Not enough butter. I am in a race against time and if you think I'm going to die as a 95 year old healthy person you have another think coming. All of my decisions shave years off of my life, and I wouldn't have it any other way.They did have an awesome little gospel band there because it was Sunday. So I left feeling that much closer to God. And not just because I felt like i might have a cholesterol induced heart attack at any moment. I would say if you're not generally a fried chicken fan, I don't think Lolo's will blow your mind. If you want an awesome breakfast experience go to the Lolo's in Phoenix. If they're too busy, come to this one.
3	I see what you're trying to do here and I do like it, I can't just grant a good review for only being.  What I don't understand is the overblown reviews for the place, to me it is not worth five stars.  First of all, it closes at 7pm on a Saturday, no good.Had 3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, cornbread and mac and cheese.  While all of this was good, it wasn't great.  The chicken was juicy and well seasoned, but it was lacking for meat.  The mac and cheese seemed to use liquid cheese, instead of taking the time to really create some down-home goodness.  I'm going to stick with Honey Bears for my glutenous indulgences.I wish Lolo's had some outside perspective on their food and menu.  This type of place can compete where there aren't many options but there are so many restuarants that have better quality, better service and cleaner spaces in the area.  The Fried Chicken (strips) at Four Peaks beat this place.  Bring on the hate mail.
3	OK, I will try to be nice here. But I will warn you, the two worst things that can happen to a customer in a restaurant happened to our party. :-( Sorry Lolo's but you fell a bit short. I was looking forward to the Lolo's Chicken and Waffles experience for quite some time now, and the 'rents invited the starving college student, Me, to breakfast. The wait was a bit out of control, however I had an open mind, apparently this place is kind of a big deal and I should be patient. So I was. When we finally got a table, perfectly set aside from everyone else so it would be easy to wrangle the toddler that was with us, good job Lolo's on this one!, we immediately ordered drinks, that all but two out of eight were wrong. No big deal though, it was fixed pretty fast, as there are a million employees there. I am pretty sure we never saw the same person more than once. One to take our drink order, a different to deliver our drinks, a different person to take our food order, you get the picture. Anyway, we are having a great time socializing then the food starts to take a little bit of time, but they are busy so we don't bitch about it. When the food finally came, that is when all hell essentially broke loose. The sever first dumped an entire cup of syrup down my dad back, on the chair and all over the floor. Dad was not happy needless to say, but didn't freak out. The poor kid apologized but no other employee, i.e. Manager, came by to help or apologize. THEN, right after the spillage, he handed me my food, which was totally wrong first of all, and there was a gigantic moth sitting a top my mac and cheese. That was par for the coarse folks. I mean look at the plate before leaving the kitchen people, hello! I am sure I will go back at some point in my life. However, with all that happened, and the lack of anyone in the joint giving two sh***s about our happiness, I wont be going out of my way.
5	I have been wanting to try fried chicken & waffles my entire life but being a city boy I have yet to taste it. I knew that I wouldn't want to waste my first bite on a mediocre place so I'd held out...until now....and boy am I glad I did. This place is phenomenal. I had no idea how to eat this, did I eat the chicken and the waffle together? Did I slather the chicken in the syrup? I asked for aide from the staff and they assisted me along "No, put your chicken on this plate over here..."I ordered a waffle, a leg, a thigh, cornbread and gravy (the meal comes with all-you-can-drink Red Kool-Aid too). They also had mac & cheese, fried catfish and red velvet cake, all of which looked amazing... I need to come back for that.The tastes all meld so well together, the sweet, the savory, the salty, it was perfect. The waffle was warm, soft and pillowy on the inside, with just the right crispness on the outside. The chicken was piping hot, not too greasy, perfectly fried and flavored wonderfully. One of my favorite combinations was the waffle, a little butter, some syrup and the gravy. The cornbread was good drizzled with a little honey. I must say, this was one fantastic lunch. I haven't been so satisfied after a meal aside from maybe a few Thanksgivings.This is a very popular place and was extremely busy. They have quite a lot of staff and they were all friendly and helpful. While I ate my delicious grub, a group of Arizona Cardinal football players were dining there as well, you know it's good if those guys are eating it. If you're anywhere within 1500 miles of Lo-Lo's please make a trip to get some amazing chicken & waffles.I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
4	I've been to both locations, and I wonder if is fair to rate them together or should I do it separate? The Phoenix location is way to small for me, I don't like feeling like I'm almost sitting on my fellow diners lap and, this is a huge pet peeve of mine, I HATE smelling like food! Which is inevitable because the place is tiny. On the other hand it does have charm to it and the food is delicious.The Scottsdale location I can move, don't smell like food when I get out but is more sterile. And then there's the food....I always ordered fried chicken (of course!) and the breast tends to be dry so I decided to do thigh and drumstick. Well, this last time  the dark meat was fried to a burn:(  And not only the skin but the meat too. I should have asked for two different pieces but I was starving, and my hunger won. A shame because I left without satisfying my craving for good fried chicken. The waffle was delicious as always and I ordered smothered potatoes which were very good. It seems with their mac & cheese  people either love it or don't. I'm on the 'don't' group. It tastes milky and not very cheesy to me. I may try it again, because I love mac & cheese and I have the hope that maybe it was just bad luck before?Service is ok, sometimes better than others.After careful consideration, I'll give it 4 stars. I'll visit again, I'm pretty sure, and then I may go up or down one star.
4	we drove to Scottsdale cause I heard of this place called Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles on YELP When we first drove by there was a line outside the door, this on a Saturday afternoon. By the time we turned the car around everyone had been seated inside. The place was packed but my party of 4 were seated right away at a large table by the window.It was really funny in there, the waiters had on black t-shirts that said funny things like "HOOD Rich" and "GHETTO FABULOUS"and all the menu items were named 'ghetto' names and they even had Red Kool-Aid as a menu item. Since I'm from the "hood" in Detroit, I found it all hilarious.Me and my grandma shared a meal, it was called "Ke-Ke's" which consisted of 3 pieces of fried chicken, a bowl of grits, some cheese eggs and 2 waffles. Much too much for one person but perfect for 2. Our meal was soooo delicious, that fried chicken has the perfect batter on it, not too thick, perfect seasoning. the waffles tasted like it had a dash of cinnamon or nutmeg in it and came with warm syrup, the grits came with a ice cream scoop of butter on them, The eggs were the best scrambled eggs n cheese I've ever had, ever, even homemade scrambled eggs weren't this good. I mean this food was sooo good. My cousin Apryl ordered 2 chicken legs, baked macaroni and cheese and candied yams, my Aunt Vicki ordered fried catfish, grits and collard greens.The food there is perfect and I really want to go back cause i want to try the beans and rice, the greens, candied yams, actually all their side orders I want to try them.The waitress was nice, and 2-3 came to our table to deliver the food and check up on us,  and our table was bussed pretty quickly. My only complaint is we had to wait a long time for our check to come and we were ready to go. We had to ask a bus girl to get our check for us. Also we'd asked for the check to be split in 2 and that wasn't done, so we had to wait even longer for them to get that worked out.I recommend the place for it's food and ambience.
5	Mercy me, this place is deep-fried Heaven! We had very friendly service, the place was very clean, and sweet tea in a mason jar?? Perfection. Husband and I got your standard chicken and waffles, and added collard greens and (to die for) mac n' cheese. It was all superb. The greens were tender, not too bitter, not too salty, and the chicken was crisp, flavorful, and very high quality. Not too fatty, or greasy. Not to mention, as an interracial couple, we felt very at home here, no gawkers for a change lol, Must have been half the couples were of mixed ethnicity, and nobody asked to touch my daughter's hair, love it!
5	Love love love Lo-Lo's! And I love their new Scottsdale location. More for the location really, their original location has a totally different vibe. But luckily the food is the same at both places.I always get the same thing - the Tre Tre's - two chicken legs and a waffle and of course red Kool-aid to wash down the grease. Their chicken is nice and crispy always cooked just right. Although I have heard the white meat pieces can be dry sometimes so I recommend the dark meat. Their waffles are fluffy and filling. And the sugar rush you get from the kool-aid is the perfect way to get going on a Saturday morning.If you're really hungry the mac n cheese is a VERY good side. Nothing wrong with Mac n cheese for breakfast! And their red velvet cake is yummy too. On Sunday they have live gospel music that is a fun, lively addition to the meal.This place is a true valley gem and has never disappointed.
5	So I was totally worried that Lolo's wouldn't live up to the hype. Everyone has been talking about it and it's pretty trendy to go eat there, so my husband and I were excited but reserved about finally trying it. I have to say though, Lolo's totally came through. Seriously the BEST fried chicken I've ever had. I don't normally like fried chicken, but now I realize that's because I haven't had really good fried chicken before!The only bad thing about the experience was the wait to be seated (especially with a hungry 3-year old) but that's only because of the popularity. They made up for the fast service. Literally minutes after we ordered, we had piping hot food in front of us. Hubby and I both stuck to the theme of the restaurant and ordered the Lil' Amadi (chicken thigh & leg and 1 waffle). The chicken was perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. As you bit in you got the crunch and then the steam came out...it was amazing. The waffle was cooked to perfection. Slight crispy and golden brown. The batter they used was delicious. I loved the cinnamon or nutmeg or whatever it was in it. We ordered my daughter mac & cheese and i had to steal a bite. So very cheesy and creamy. Some of the best mac & cheese I've had in a long time. And then we also ordered two corn muffins because I saw them go by and I had to try one. They were heaven. So moist and a great flavor. I will never make my own corn bread again because I just can't make it that good, lol.And finally I was happy because they had Pepsi products (very few restaurants do) and my daughter and husband were ecstatic to have Red Kool-aid in a jar.The staff was friendly and very prompt. Our jars were never more than half empty and they kept us stocked in napkins :)All in all, an excellent experieince and if you haven't gone yet, you should.
4	So I finally got to visit Lolo's to see if they were as good as everyone said they were. It was pretty busy, which is not uncommon as I am sure that it is always busy. I got seated pretty quickly because I was dining alone so kudos for me. I was quickly approached and asked for my drink order which was red kool-aid of course! WOW can we say sweet. I forgot how sweet kool-aid could be as I haven't had any in YEARS. But it was good though and brought back some great childhood memories. My next challenge was trying to decide what in the world I wanted to eat. So many choices. I had changed my mind about 4 times by the time the waitress came over to me. I wish I had gotten her name because she was very friendly and not overbearing. Me likey. Anywho, I decided to go big and order the KK, which is 3 pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, grits, and 2 eggs with cheese and onions. So after about 20 or so minutes, my food arrived and let me just say my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach. First off the grits, now those ain't no instant grits! They came in a little bowl with a BIG gob of butter. Man they were so good. I had to move all that butter off to the side as it was a huge mound, but the grits were hot and oh so good. I had to add sugar to mine as that is how I like them and that make it even better. The eggs were good. Just scrambled with some cheese and onions. Standard. Nothing fancy about them. Nice and hot. Now on to the chicken. While the skin was nice and crunchy, it was a little salty for me. But between the sweet kool-aid it balanced out after awhile. Not bad, not bad at all. The waffles were good, but I was slightly disappointed. I think mine were a little too soft. I like them just a tad bit more crunchy on the outside but still soft. Kinda hard to explain, but they were not bad at all. They too came with a big gob of butter. I swear, I wonder how much butter do they go through each day let alone each week and year! I ended up only eating part of my grits, all of my eggs, one piece of chicken and half of a waffle. All the rest came home with me for a snack later. The ambiance of the place is nice, but I do wish the little flat screen TV that they have in the upper left corner was bigger and more centered. It seems so lost in that wide open space that they have. I also wish they had at least two stalls in the bathroom as there was about a 10 min wait for the ladies room. Other than that, not all bad. But know that if you are in a group and it is busy, you will have wait to be seated and the food takes awhile so be patient! Oh also know that if they are really busy, they will stop any take out orders. I witnessed people being turned away who were there for take-out only. I also watched as all the workers repeatedly washed there hands after handling just about any and everything. I saw my own waitress wash her hands about 5 times in the course of me sitting there. Very nice!!! (May sound like a weird comment but its good to know that they are hygienic)
2	I live a few blocks away from this place and always see a line stretching outside the door.  Curiousity naturally got the best of me, even though deep down inside, I knew that I should avoid it.  Southern cooking and vegetarianism typically don't make for a good match.  However, I can always find something on the menu and knew that an occasional vegetable does show up in Southern cooking.  So I checked it out with my omnivorous girlfriend (who ordered wings and fries).  I opted for a side of collard greens and candied yams.  We also had a side of mac n' cheese for her daughter.  I ordered a Kool Aid as well, which cost as much as 25 packets of Kool Aid in the store.  Way, way too much sugar.  Seriously, it tasted like a five-year old got his hands on the sugar jar when mixing it.  The collard greens were pretty tasty and the yams were decent too.  However, neither one of them blew me away by any means.  (I recognize that the chicken is the draw here, but still.)  My girlfried said the wings were good, but I've have seen her much more enthused about wings at other places.  The fries were pretty damn bad.  When the check arrived, I had a hard time believing that we were paying $35 for 1 meal, 3 sides, and 3 drinks -- all of which were slightly above mediocre. I left with a big weight in my stomach, which was partially caused by the heaviness of the passable food and partially caused by that fact that I knew I could have gotten three awesome meals at Noodles Ranch (Vietnamese restaurant about 3 doors down in the plaza) for about $15 less.
5	Ebony K. warned me...but I think those waffles are starting to chin check me.  To welcome a new member to my team at work we went to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles. I was excited because I have seen many positive reviews. The prior reviews were on the money. This is one of the best places I have been to in town, on da rilla.I ordered the very manly Betty Boop...which claimed "one juicy breast and a waffle" to that I added a side of cheese grits. Having lived in the ATL, I had to order the sweet tea - but red kool-aid on the menu? I ain't mad atcha!  I am somewhat of a sweet tea snob, but this tea was perfect. The restaurant was full with a small line waiting, but despite the traffic the order arrived quickly. Shots out to our waitress, Didi. We had five in our group and of course no one carried cash. The back of the menu says 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more, no separate checks and no more than 2 transactions per table for parties of 5 or more. She made an exception and we each ordered individually. The waffles were bigger than I expected. A coworker mentioned they were thin, so I mistakenly assumed small. Not so. The waffle and the chicken were very filling. I thought the fried chicken was juicy with good flavor and the waffle was excellent. I could have lived without the cheese grits, but I had to order them. I haven't had grits too often here in the desert. This meal magically transported me back to my days in the ATL. They also sell t-shirts for $20 with a variety of ghetto slang. Before leaving I had to pick up the "Barnyard Pimp" shirt. Thaswutsup. I will definitely be back to this place! Lolo's is off the heezy fo sheezy!
5	What can be bad about fried chicken, waffles, Red Rooster hot sauce and a pile of Mac-N-Cheese?Nothing!
5	When I first heard about this place months ago, I never thought I would be interested.  I don't like southern or fried foods.  Then I saw a write up in the newspaper where people voted on their chicken versus some fried chicken from some fancy place....and it was pretty much a split decision.  The descriptions of the food made me want to try it.  So we went last night (Friday night) for the first time to the Scottsdale location.  It was busy, but we we still sat immediately.  I was starving and the smell was wonderful!  I ordered the Betty Boop (one waffle and one breast) and Sierra Mist.  They do not serve alcohol here.  It comes in a huge mason jar.  I tasted the Kool Aid which was yummy too!  We also ordered the macaroni and cheese.The chicken and waffles came out first.  The mac and cheese didn't come out until we were almost halfway done with our meal, which was a little strange.The fried chicken was absolutely amazing!!  It was perfectly cooked.  The chicken was so tasty.  The fried part isn't overwhelming and greasy.  I am definitely a fan of fried chicken now! The waffle was good, nothing special, but the sweetness did complement the saltiness of the fried chicken.I wouldn't order the mac and cheese again.  It was a small portion in case you are thinking of sharing.  But it was too cheesy for my liking.I liked that the manager came around and asked how our meal was.  She seemed to genuinely care what we thought of it.I liked the food so much that I went again the next day with my two daughters!  The place is kid-friendly, although there is not a kid menu.  I ordered both of them full plates, which I probably shouldn't have.  They could have easily shared one.  They loved it as well--and the kool aid!I would definitely recommend this place!  I never thought it would be somewhere I would like, but I will definitely go back.  Best chicken ever!And cute t-shirts too...
3	I don't have the heart to give this place anything less than 3 stars because they're just so damn nice, but I found Lolo's to be sub-par. I really don't get the hype. I ordered fried catfish, mac & cheese, cornbread, sweet tea, and a waffle. the catfish was bland and pointless. it just tasted like salt. season your food, dammit! maybe if I wasn't from Louisiana & had never had good catfish, I might have enjoyed it, but my standards are high, and unfortunately Lolo's did not deliver. I know I sound like a total snob, but it just wasn't good.the cornbread was unnaturally yellow, almost neon, and it came already smothered in fake-tasting butter stuff. bleh.the waffle tasted like it was made of air, so if you're into that kind of thing then you'll love em. I like waffles when they're somewhat crispy, so I was disappointed.the mac & cheese was also pretty bland & pointless, and the noodles were overcooked. ALSO, there was a weird chunk of what looked like meat in it, which I did not appreciate finding.the tea was pretty good. it comes in a gigantic mason jar, and it's sweet but not too sweet.oh, and the ambiance is fucking terrible! turn some lights out, for goodness' sake!all in all, I don't get it. the chicken must be really good, because there's nothing about this place that would make me want to return.
3	After month's of wanting to try out LoLo's, I finally made it there this past weekend.  I met my sister and some friends there on Sunday morning at 10.  We were seated right away at a giant 6 person table in the front corner of the restaurant, there were only 4 of us, so we had a lot of space, which initially we thought was quite nice, but I think our location lead to the downfall of our experience.A server came over and took our beverage order almost immediately, she then dropped off our drinks and disappeared.  We then sat for about 10 minutes waiting to have our order taken when a different server came over and asked if we were ready to order.  So I guess the first lady just does the drinks?  I didn't think we were at Flemings!  So we ordered our food and began to wait...and wait...and wait.  The food took forever!  I guess part of the reason we felt this way was because my friend who was with us that had been there before said that the food came out really quick...so we were set up for failure!When the food arrived, we were missing my friends grits, and it took our server quite awhile to come back and check on us to see how we were doing...so our food was about half gone before we received the grits.  I ordered the Lil Jay plus a leg of chicken.  I have to say the eggs were really good; perfectly fluffy and smothered in cheddar cheese.  I next tried the waffle, which is probably the best waffle that I have ever had.  I am not usually a waffle gal, as I couldn't tell you the last time I had a waffle that wasn't called Eggo, but this was a good waffle.  It was served with plenty of butter and syrup on the side.  Next I tried the chicken, and well, I am just gonna say it....it was just okay.  The coating was pretty thin, and I didn't think it had much flavor, it just tasted like chicken.  I would honestly chose some classic KFC chicken over this chicken any day of the week. So to sum it up, the service could be a whole lot better and in my opinion just go for the waffles....although the red velvet cake did look pretty tasty!
2	2.5 stars-went to Lolo's for lunch on a Sunday- the place was nice and busy- waited maybe 3 minutes for a table.  Were seated but had to wait an additional 20 minutes for a high chair as the 2 they had onsite were being used.  Ordered the Te-Te's (2 chicken legs and 1 waffle) along with French Fries and Beans Over Rice.  Food came out with my entree about 4 minutes before my friend's did.  We were never brought out the fries or beans and rice- reason for it per the server- there was a big party (8ppl) slowing the kitchen up.Food was good, not great, staff was very nice and hospitable. I will go back to give this place another shot- try something different on the menu as the waffles were super heavy and doughy.  Chicken was cooked to perfection- I swear I could have eaten 10 pieces!!
4	The waffles... yes. The chicken... YES! I had the Tre-Tre and my friend had the Lil' C.  Drinks are served in mason jars so you don't need refills very often, and everything comes with huge mounds of butter and in generous portions. Lolo's does not skimp. The waffles are golden brown and have a cinnamony, home-cooked element. If my waffles were just a tad on the crispier side they would have been perfect. The fried chicken is pretty amazing. I don't claim to really know much (or anything) about good friend chicken, but I know this is among the best I can remember having. Perfectly seasoned, juicy, and again, non-skimpy. I finished all mine and even stole some from my friend's plate. Whoopsie. Service was fine, the kid who was our server could pick up the pace next time for a better tip. Also, my check was returned to me cardless. I guess he accidentally dropped my card behind the counter and couldn't find it for a few minutes. Alright.I'm going back soon.
4	Same great Lolo's fried chicken and waffles without the risk of getting stabbed or shot... and it WAS worth the risk to visit their South Phoenix location on occasion. The food is that good, it might even be the ultimate in comfort food! Lucky for us they have a new Scottsdale location where the most dangerous situation you could encounter might be a hungover Scottsdale "clubber" (who could scratch you with their Ed Hardy bling).The only suggestion I have for them is to drop the prices about 25%
5	i grew up on soul food. my mom can/could cook the best turnip greens, collards, black eyed peas, fried chicken, fried catfish, corn bread, hoe cakes, red beans and rice, ham with redeye gravy, pork chops, mac-n-cheese, everything....all sopping good with bacon, hamhocks, grease, oil, butter....fried, artery clogging, heart attack, diabetes, coronary artery disease, edema, hypertension, bypass graft, obesity, lard ass food.....oh, and grits. she stopped cooking that way 20 years ago because it was horrendously bad for us. my dad wouldn't give in though and sure enough had a giant freaking heart attack. did well for a while, then gave in again....yup 5 years later, another heart attack. i haven't eaten fried chicken in 20 years. but i do love the other stuff...except no bacon or meat seasoning. and grits. beyond the supermarket, you can only get grits at a "high-end" trendy restaurant where they charge 8 bucks for a bowl that comes from a box costing 4 bucks with 20 servings! lo-lo's has good grits...really good grits. i can't condone (nor really condemn) this place. it's like...like...like...smoking for 50 years then quitting, then berrating other people who smoke. it's too bad this kind of food tastes so good because it really is not good for you. so many fat people were stuffed in here....do they realize how hard it is going to be when they are layed up in a hospital bed from diabetic/heart complications and they have to take a dump, but are too sick and fat to get out of bed quick enough and wind up poo-ing themselves, and having to use 3-4 people to roll them side-side, using washcloths to clean them up, all in between their fat rolls? it's so gross....and humiliating. if you eat here, go for a run...no, a triathalon...
5	I legitimately have not had such amazing waffles before. They are not super huge, thick and cake-y like some places that make waffles, which I like. The such a have a great cinnamon/vanilla flavor. The fried chicken has a great flavor. Have had lived in Louisiana for a while, I've missed some really great flavored fried chicken and Lolo's is amazing. The side of corn bread I got was really sweet and a huge portion for only $1 extra. The wait staff on the other had was sub par. It almost seemed like they were short handed. We didn't really have a consistent waitress/waiter which was annoying, just random people coming by bringing us stuff and refilling out drinks. All in all it was great food and worth the drive from Mesa.
4	They tried to make me go to rehab, I said Lo, Lo, Lo..So it's Friday night, it's getting late, and there's a rumble in your tummy, where to go? Before you'd might hit up some fast food joint and regret it in the morning. Say good bye to those greasy drive-thru burgers and say hello to some down home soul food lovin' at the new location of Lolo's Chicken and Waffles.Situated at the corner of Scottsdale and Thomas in what used to be a Kyoto Bowl, this is a welcome location to the neighborhood. It's the same delicious menu as the Yuma Street location and for me, just as tasty and deeply satisfying. Ordering the Lolo's Soul Food Platter ($13) is all about eating way too much way too late but with food this good I wouldn't order anything else. Your choice of fried chicken or fish plus 2 sides and cornbread, can be split between 2 healthy eaters and will be plenty to fill the tummy and the soul. The chosen 3 plump pieces of fried chicken, are so fantastically seasoned, and when smothered in gravy and onions is pretty much addictive pleasure. The sides are fantastically delicious, including the mac & cheese which is so rich and cheesy you'll probably order it every time. The collard greens are wonderfully tender and bursting with bitter sweet goodness. Dinner here just isn't complete without ordering you a hot buttery waffle ($4) to accompany your fried chicken. The tender sweetness of the waffle works really well with each savory bite of fried chicken, so much so that you might wake up early to come back for breakfast.Who knew how these 2 components, which sound like such strange bedfellows, would work so well together? It really is a beautiful thing.
5	My favorite friend chicken.  I have not yet been to their new location but  their food is SO good.  can't wait to visit again.
3	You know what reminded me to write a review of Lolo's?  This conversation: Sunday morning my friend says to me, "You looked really drunk at Lolo's last night." Me: "What do you mean?"Friend: "You were all red and splotchy."Me: "So, it wasn't the fact that I was eating fried chicken and a waffle at 3am that made me look drunk?"Friend: "Hey, we were all drunk, you just have really light skin and it shows."I have decided to not put Lolo's on the drunk late night eats rotation.  It's too bright in there and apparently my Swedish skin gives my drunkenness away.  Also, the floor is slippery when wet and it was raining that night.  I skidded across the tile right in front of a police officer.  Luckily, I never drive when I plan on drinking so it didn't really matter. I got the Betty Boop, I think.  It's a fried juicy breast and a waffle.  I felt like the fried juicy breast was a little over fried.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good and lets face it, if food doesn't taste out of this world when you're drunk it can't really be that good in reality.  The waffle, however, was delicious.  I don't know, I'm not from the South and I was drunk so you probably shouldn't take this review too seriously.
1	The chicken was dry & very salty. The waffles were fairly bland. The service was lousy too. If you love salty, sugary, high saturated fat items you may enjoy this restaurant. I'd prefer to clogg my arteries else where, thank you!
2	I was really excited to try out Lo-lo's because I had heard a lot of good things about it...but I was not very impressed.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and it was very crowded..which I normally don't mind if the food/service is amazing. Had to wait 45 min to be seated.  I ordered the Lil C (two drumsticks with a side of mac and cheese) and a side of string beans and potatoes.  The food was not what I would call very good...chicken was pretty dry and very salty.  My string beans were never brought out and I had to ask for them twice.  the service was pretty poor.....I won't be returning......
1	I don't get it? Is this supposed to be delicious soul food? Its a crap piece of chicken and a crap waffle on a plate for 8 bucks. The water is from the tap. I expected delicious, I got below average at best. Back to the real restaurants for me.
5	So my friends and I had to roll each other out of the door after this meal was over but it was sooooooooo worth it!!! BEST red kool-aid ever served in jars!! BEST waffles I've EVER had!! BEST red velvet cake I've EVER had!! I also did enjoy their chicken, mac & cheese and collard greens, but none were the best I've ever had, but very good.  I seriously dream about their waffles and red velvet cake, I don't know what magic mix of ingredients make up the waffle batter but it's absolutely perfect and these waffles would stand deliciously on their own even without butter and syrup, but who'd want to do that? the red velvet slice they give you is HUGE and soooo moist, the frostings is cream cheesy delicousness. I can not wait to indulge in this treat again, but since I'm far from being the only one who loves this place, it is always packed and the wait is long, at least on the weekend. Seriously considering taking a day off of work just for a weekday Lo Lo's run =P
4	First off.. back home (Northern California) I have to go to either Oakland OR Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in LA to get anything decent (I live in Santa Cruz... aka either a 5 hour drive or a 1 1/2 hour drive to get some southern goodness). This was on my list of places to go since our SBCer transplant got an ROTD at the other location.  Honestly, for me personally the chicken and waffles were average *ducks and covers*  The waffles had little flavor and the chicken was meh....I will stick with Roscoe's down in LA.The sides however were ridiculously bomb: The grits were cooked perfectly to our liking and were served with a big #$cking thing of butter.. amen...amen. The home potatoes were light, crispy and well seasoned. The collard greens were by far the best I have had in a minute..they were not too salty... not super soppy/mushy and came in the perfect sized bowl. Drinks came in a jam jar and once half consumed we were asked if wanted it either in a to go drink container (GENIUS!) or if we wanted more... I knew we had a drive with no real established potty so we declined.Clean establishment with an autograph wall in the back (very cool). Service was good.... no complaints.
4	Met a friend here for lunch. He knew nothing about the place, just said "damn good chicken." The chicken was crispy outside, moist and hot inside. The waffles were light and crunchy. Since it's a new location, they may be going through some growing pains based on the negative reviews, but we were very happy with everything we tried.
5	so i'm waiting to get my taxes done and it was either the noodle house or lo-lo's. since we constantly eat nothing fried, no salt, no fat, pretty much all veggie, i needed to splurge. stepped inside and MY insides started to growl!had the cod plate with grits and a waffle. why does the sweet waffle go so well with the salty fish? for whatever reason, it does and i left stuffed and satiated. good think i have the hospital on speed dial because i needed an immediate coronary artery bypass graft afterwards!
4	This was a pretty good lunch, I had the Lil C of two drumsticks and mac-n-cheese for six dollars.  I thought the price was a bit steep, but everybody's got to make a buck right?  Given this is 'the' spot for this type of food they can pretty much command their price.So I placed my order and hit the rest room to wash my hands, by the time I returned to my table the food had already been delivered!  The chicken was pipin' hot, very crispy and juicy.  The mac-n-cheese was good, not great though.  My expectations were extremely high however given the number of Yelpers who specifically pointed out this dish as gastronomic nirvana.Should I be in the area I'd return to Lo Lo's and try some other dishes.
5	The food is so amazing-. We have been 5 times now. It is a true spluge(caloric)- Fried chicken really isnt as easy to make as people think and they have it down to a perfection. The collard greens are as authenic as you can get. I love the waffles as well as the thick syrup.  My kids are young and I still have to cut their food for them, so I want to request a boneless chicken breast, just so I can get  to my food sooner!  Actually I bet alot of people would like a piece of boneless chicken, not me I love the legs and thighs. There are lots of people who wont eat meat off the bone (Weirdo's). Anyhow try this gem.
4	Just paid a visit to this *new* location in Scottsdale. My group of friends wasn't sure if it would be as good as the "original", but when we walked in we were amazed at the decor, very different from the original if you've been. That had our hopes pretty high, and we picked a seat and got our drinks rather quickly. Apparently a fresh batch of chicken was coming out of the fryer, so we waited patiently about 15 min. for our meals to come out. I got the Betty Boop ($7) and a side of corn bread, plus a lemonade the bill ran me $15 with a tip. As some have said, it's a little steep, but I've been here before and it is a TON of food. Anyways, the service was really great, they can't control how fast the food gets out most of the time. Will definitely visit again.
5	Lolo's is pretty awesome. I'm a big fan of mixing sweet and savory foods and they definitely did a good job of that here. The service was great and the food was excellent. The only reason it doesn't get 5 starts is because I didn't like the ambiance. It seems like it is very hard to find a nice, quiet, dark and intimate restaurant in AZ. Everything is brightly lit and resembles a fast food restaurant. I know I shouldn't expect a candlelit dinner environment from a place that sells chicken and waffles, but I like candlelit dinners! Anyways, Lolo's is great and I recommend it to anyone.
4	Great waffles, great chicken, great service, and great Thanksgiving-like afternoon nap after lunch.  Seriously don't eat lunch here if you have any important meetings within 5 hours. I am attracted and repulsed to this concept at the same time.  My body has decided that a place like LoLo's can only be enjoyed once a quarter.I agree with some of the comments that this place doesn't retain some of the charm and South Phoenix anxiety of the original.  But the difference is small enough to not detract from the overall experience.
5	I have been a patron of the original Lolo's for years and have to admit I like the colorful flavor and mix of people at that location. But I live in Tempe and own a business right down the street from the Scottsdale location. I went right after it first opened and even though it was so shiny and clean and didn't have the urban feel I love so much, I can't deny that the food isn't just as delicious! Everything I have ever had on the menu is heart stopping good, literally! I only partake of Lolo's delight a few times a year, but it is always craved!
3	The girlfriend and I drove by and I caught it out of the corner of my eye and asked myself 2 questions. Fried chicken? and waffle? Both were answered yes by my stomach and in we went.I'd heard a lot of people talk about this place in the past and didn't even know that there was one on Scottsdale Road. Didn't really bother to peek at the menu so when the waiter walked up and asked what I wanted I said," chicken and waffles." When he said how much chicken and waffles I said," Lots!" I got stymied for a moment when he asked if I wanted the chicken country style or smothered but decided to go smothered.The waiter brought me a massive plate of deliciously tender chicken and just-right waffles, and he did the same for my girlfriend (she opted for unsmothered though). I feel like I ate for several hours and still barely finished the 2 breasts, 1 leg, and 2 waffles (I'm sure there's a name for that on the menu). After dinner I really thought I might womlet, which is a reference to a less-awesome combination I tried in the past, an omelet-topped waffle. I actually felt like I might womlet for several hours after that as well. Will that iffy feeling in my stomach caused by the unholy union of gravy, hot sauce, chicken, maple syrup, waffles, and coffee stop me from eating there. Oh Hell No!!! I fully plan on going back just as soon as I can fit back into pants that don't have elastic waistbands...
4	AWESOME fried chicken! I could eat multiple plates of it, I wouldn't live for long, but I would definitely enjoying it. The crust of the chicken has excellent flavor and they cook it perfectly, it is also great chicken, and I mean that it doesn't have dark spots. The waffles weren't great though and I didn't love the mac and cheese, but they do have good corn bread. Overall, it's worth going just for the amazing chicken.
5	So, I just started working in old town Scottsdale, and one of my team members recommended that we have a team lunch somewhere close by in Scottsdale.  Furthermore, she recommended that we go to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles, to which I replied, Hellz yes.  Never been there, but it sounded disgustingly great.My instincts were correct.  Before I knew it, we were all staring at plates with heavily breaded, fried chicken breasts, thin, crispy waffles and nice sides of GRAVY and mac and cheese.Sweet Jesus - this stuff was AMAZING.  The fried chicken was some of the best I've had, and the waffles, well, they were the BEST waffles I've ever had, done and done.  I ate the fried chicken and mac and cheese first, and then the waffle for dessert.  Epic, simply epic.The only thing I didn't have that I wish I did, was a mason jar full of red Koolaid.  It would have been perfect.  I did have iced tea, which was awesome anyway.The only drawback to lunch at Lolo's is that I'm now back at the office and experiencing a food coma that at best will negatively impact my productivity, and at worst will snatch the life out of my grease soaked carcass.Five stars - can't wait to go there after a night of boozing.
4	The waffles were off when we went this week, I am hoping hoping hoping it was just an off day... :(
4	Pros - fried chicken, spicy collard greens, buttered corn, Kool-aid, and very friendly service.Cons - dry chicken breast (it was my attempt at being healthy...I should have known better), and waffles weren't up to my expectations.It took me 8 years to go to Lo-Lo's.  The chicken was delicious.  The next time I go, I'm going to order chicken wings, collard greens, cornbread, and Kool-aid.  Skip the waffles and any attempt at being healthy.
5	Great place!I'm 6'0, 215lbs and the plate that I got was too much for me to finish and I was starving.The waitress was very nice as well. No matter what you order to drink it'll come in a Mason jar.The food was great and the chicken was not greasy at all. The cool thing is they leave you alone enough to eat and enjoy your food without ignoring you, great balance in customer service.The only bad thing is I have to drive all the way to Scottsdale from my home in Chandler!
3	The only other chicken and waffles I've ever had was Roscoe's in LA and that was when I was still eating meat, so it'd a bit hard to compare, but here are my 2 cents.This place is spacious and for a relatively big group, we didn't have to wait, which was good. The drinks come it large jars, which was cool. Everything on the menu is pretty straight forward - some kind of combination of waffles, chicken, eggs with side options. I got the waffle with eggs and a side of string beans and potatoes.The eggs were mixed with cheese (yum!) and nice and fluffy. The string beans and potatoes were alright.. a bit overcooked but maybe that's the style. The waffle was heavier than usual and most everyone I was with agreed that the waffles were definitely not the strong point of the restaurant.If I ever go again, I'd probably stick with some sides and eggs. No waffles please.The disappointing part was that gravy wasn't included on most of the menu items! =(
4	lo lo's has what you need if you're looking for soul food where there is a lack of soul... the chicken is good and the sides are killer - collard greens, candied yams - even the cornbread is on point. they got pepper sauce too. only thing missing is some Crystal hot sauce, which i will from here on bring myself. i'll be back for that waffle.regarding what i just saw on urbanspoon - saying that lo lo's was a good "cheap eat" - i HIGHLY disagree. although the food is good and unique to the area (which is frankly why i don't mind paying for it), they're VERY proud of what they serve. this is no knock on lo lo's - as they should be proud of what they serve - but lots of soul food is inexpensive to prepare, but this soul food IS going to cost you. so don't be surprised when they bring the check.
3	I love the original Lo-Lo's in Phoenix for the atmosphere and the food. It's an irresistible combination. However, the Scottsdale location was exactly what I thought it would be. The food was still the same. My tre tre was as delicious as it has been every time before. The kool-aid is still filled to the brim in a huge-ass jar and the waffles make my mouth water before I even sit down. However, the change in atmosphere just makes it seem fake in my opinion. It's too new, the menus are too new.. our waitress asked us what she should try as she's never had any of it before... and Justin Timberlake was blaring on the speakers. Additionally, while this locale does take plastic rather than just cash, and even tho it divides up the bill when you look at it by seat, you cannot split the bill more then 2 ways. This will repeatedly cause an issue for my coworkers. Might as well only take cash.This was definitely not Grandma's kitchen. It's close to work and good for those lunchtime cravings.. but my first choice is still good ol' original Lo-Lo's.
3	Trying the restuarant for the first time. Betty boop is waffle and chicken breast. Drankin' out of mason jars is always fun.The food was good but the service left something to desired. Once we were seated a (group of 5) we waited until a guy asked if anyone had taken our drink order. It seemed like 10 minutes. We gave our food orders at the same time as drinks and the food arrived in parts before the drinks did. If the service does not improve, we are not going out of our way to eat there.
4	I am a long time huge fan of Roscoe's House of Chicken & Waffles out of California, so when Lolo's opened up in the "orb" I was quite excited.  I finally went there for breakfast (after a happy 5 hours the day before) so I figured it would hit the spot!  We got right in, and didn't have to wait, and the decor is casual and the place is clean.  I kept imagining it as the old Tokyo Bowl or whatever it used to be, but I quickly got past that when the food came.  I was with a friend so we ordered the KK's platter and shared it.  It had 3 nice pieces of fried chicken, a big waffle, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions (they go heavy on the onions!) and grits dripping with butter.  It was perfect for 2 people.  The chicken is nicely fried, juicy and not overly greasy.  The waffle was thinner in style and had almost a sweet or malt flavor, very nice!  The grits were really good too, but next time I will get them with cheese also...yumo!   After showing my friend how to property eat everything....you put the chicken right on the waffle, douse everything in hot sauce and syrup and dive in....I was off and running to not having a hangover anymore.  And it worked.  I also love the "jar of drank" that comes in a big mason jar.  I got the red kool-aid and probably had the little kid kool-aid mustache after, but loved it.  We were too full for dessert, but I bet the red velvet cake is great.  I cannot give it 5 starts because my heart belongs to Roscoe's still.  However, I am SO happy to have chicken and waffles nearby.
4	Only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is a few nitpicks about my meal.  It was good though and I will go again.  But read on.*Service:  TOP NOTCH!!  From the moment I walked in the door the girl that noticed me walk in jumped up and came on over..gave me a couple options of where I wanted to sit, I chose to sit at the "bar."  They set me up with a tasty sweet tea right away.  Delicious it was.  My waitress was attentively awaiting my order, but in no way pushy.  She was busy at the time I closed my menu, but someone else was right there and asked me if they could start something cooking for me.  By all means they could.  She came back...told her someone had already started it and what I ordered.  Food came out and all was well.*Food:  Good, plenty, and quality.  I had a pretty good plate of food in front of me for $8 (of course, not counting drink or tip).  Chicken seasoning/batter was quite tasty.  My only nit here is that the chicken was a little dry.  It did fall off the bone...but was just a little dry.  The sweet tea and excess syrup on the plate were excellent for addressing this issue though.  Plus, some chicken and waffle bites together was actually not bad.  The waffle itself was quite fluffy and quality made.  My only nitpick with the waffle is aside from the butter provided, the waffle itself had a very buttery flavor to it.  There was nothing wrong with it...just wasn't quite expecting it...and it didn't seem that the syrup was very sweet...so it just tasted very buttery (if I'd realized that, I probably would not have used the whole dollop of butter that was there).  BUT...it was a quality meal and tasty.  I will visit again.Conclusions:  As I was finishing up, I was offered more sweet tea by my very attentive but not annoying or pushy waitress.  I had her give me half a glass.  As I was putting the bill together, a guy behind the counter (manager perhaps?) offered to fill it up before I left.  I declined...but I must say...I really, really enjoyed the customer attention and service.  So many places lack this.  It was a delight and a pleasure to patronize LoLo's Chicken and Waffles.
4	I love fried chicken and LoLo's has great fried chicken. Now as some of the others have mentioned it is salty but it's not over the top. It actiually has an amazing flavor with a little more spice than you get at most places.it is also crispy instead of that weird softly breaded junk you usually get when you order fried chicken in Arizona. The Mac and Cheese is to die for and so are the potatoes. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	Another spot that I tried out w/a girlfriend prior to our little shopping spree.The chicken was delicious and the waffles were also good.  I didn't think the waffles were especially phenomenal but together they worked well along w/the syrup.What I actually enjoyed most was the eggs w/cheese & onions that came w/our meal...they were some of the yummiest eggs I've had in a long time.  I also ordered an extra side of collard greens since I love collard greens and what's eating at a soul food restaurant w/o trying the greens?  I found them to be entirely too sweet & spicy...I couldn't detect any other flavor beside the sweet & spicy and I didn't find them too appetizing.The staff was friendly and easy-going and we even chatted up our neighbors at the next table.
3	Went to Lo Lo's on Monday and while I was impressed with the chicken the service was not great. First the good, the chicken was moist and flavorful, mac and cheese & home fries also very good. The bad, I asked for a to go cup for my drink and they charged me $2.50....what $2.50, but I already had a drink I just wanted the rest to go, that really turned me off. Also, the service was lacking, we waited 20 mins for our bill and when we still didn't get it we had to go up to the counter and get it ourselves. Our server was to busy chatting up one of the other workers to pay attention to his tables.All in all I would go back again for the chicken, but I don't think it's going to become a favorite.
5	Since there are already a gazillion reviews for LoLo's I will just say I had a super duper great experience at the LoLo's in Scottsdale.The staff was the most delightful bunch of folks.  I sat at the bar and chit chatted with them listening to Michael Jackson and devouring Fried ChickenFried chicken.  Yes please, may I have another.
5	The best fried chicken I have ever had!  Just right; spicy crispy outside and the tender juicy inside.  The waffles are perfect with the chicken, too.  We have been here several times and we are never disappointed.  Friendly employees, very clean, and delicious food.
5	I was a Chicken and Waffle rookie and thought I should try it. It was wonderful. The staff was fun and the food was great.
2	Okay... I love LoLo's. I think it IS better than Roscoe's. I live for their Red Velvet Cake. I DO love most of their food and usually the service is great... so why the two stars? Because I'm not a fan of THIS location. and here's why...- The crazy hours. I never know WHEN this place is open, sometimes the sun isn't even set and it's closed and other times I go by and late at night and they're open. It's very inconsistant and frustrating. - The loud azz sound system blaring in the background makes it hard for me to hear the person I'm dining with. So usually we just eat in silence while the music plays on.- The food simply isn't as good as the original location. Everything is a subpar immitation. The chicken is usually overcooked and the waffles lack that certain crunch or crispiness. - and my own personal reason - I had hit up Lolos on twitter and said they should have a separate to-go menu and I even said on twitter that we were dining at the counter and it was way facinating to watch the food come from the window. Which it was. I liked it, they were cranking it out and were having a good time when in comes this manager who started barking out orders and basically bullying the staff. I thought it was unfair. and then I got the bill... and was misbilled. I told the waitress who didn't do anything about it and ran my card. I asked her to fix it before running my card - she didn't. I didn't sign my ticket and asked the bully of a manager (who was bald with a tan shirt on June 10th) and then shrugged off my complaint and didn't change it. He didn't even look at it. I was astounded. I didn't know what to do - so I entered my tip and signed my ticket and vowed to never return to the Scottsdale location. oh and before we left, the Bully of a Manager asked me if I wanted a to-go menu, I said yes, thinking it was so serendipidous but when he handed me a regular menu with this shitty look and scarcastic tone he said that THIS WAS their to-go menu... and that's when I knew... he had read my tweets. I didn't mean any disrespect, honestly. It WOULD be awesome if they had a to-go or catering menu. There will be feedback from customers. And I don't care HOW good your food is, nothing warrents such rudeness to a PAYING customer. I think success had gone to the manager's head and they forgot how to keep it real - one of the drawbacks of being "Hood-rich" as the waitstaff's t-shirts declare. To my yelpers I say: Be careful of what you tweet. The manager at the Lolo's Scottsdale location is sensitive so perhaps you should just save your opinion for yelp. And as for the food... imagine you found Lolo's recipe book... and you tried to make yourself a little feast, you did everything EXACTLY as it says, but it misses something... some pizazz, some flavor, some... soul? You will have the Scottsdale location's food down! Stay away from the Scottsdale location. i will keep to the Downtown location where they keep it real
3	I am certainly not a chicken and waffle aficionado, but I thought that Lo-Los was worth going to at least once.  Both the chicken and the waffle came out very hot, and tasted as though they were cooked for my order.  In addition to the aforementioned chicken and waffle, I ordered a side of cornbread.  Just like the waffle, the corn bread was pretty good too.I can't complain about grease because I was eating fried chicken.  But, the waffle and cornbread came with what I thought was a crazy amount of butter scooped onto them.  Lo-Los is hardly a health-food restaurant, but if that is what they are going for they are missing terribly.  Nevertheless, I feel as though half a stick of butter is overkill for a modest-sized waffle and a side of cornbread.  The mason jar of iced tea was also good.  I would expect nothing less from a southern-food restaurant to have good iced tea.  As it turned out, I needed plenty to drink so that I could cut through all the greasy-goodness of the chicken, syrupy-waffle, and buttery-cornbread.
4	I have to admit that the main reason I wanted to go to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles was to figure out the Chicken and Waffles thing.  Perhaps it is my Midwestern sensibility - but it just sounded like an odd combination to me.  I have now been to Lolo's twice - and I still do not know why it works as a combo, but I now know that it works amazingly well.  This was one of those rare places that I wanted to go back to as soon as I finished eating the first time - so I took my family three days later.  The family enjoyed it too.  Since then I am looking forward to my next visit.The chicken was excellent (I recommend smothered in gravy even though that makes the chicken a bit messy and harder to eat).  The waffles were thin and a bit sweet and served with warm syrup.  The quart jar of kool-aid holds it all together remarkably well.  My wife even said it was the best fried chicken she has every had!There were two reasons I did not rate it a 5 star;  1)  the restaurant is clean and nice looking but a bit crammed with tables - in addition to the conversation I had with my family I got to enjoy the conversations of the people on the tables to the right and the left of me and , 2)  Although the prices are not bad - the place is not cheap $10 to $14 not including tip and tax or so for a meal including a glass of kool-aid), and it sort of seems like the sort of food you should be bragging about how much food you got for the money.   Neither of these complaints will keep me away because the food was great!In Summary, great food, great kool-aid, a decent atmosphere.  This is a place  that needs to be tried if you have never tried chicken and waffles and want to (even if you don't want to you should try it).  If you are braver than me and try the plate of deep fried gizzards let me know what you think!
4	I tried to give full marks to Lolo's having heard all the hype. Realize that I am coming from Louisiana and also New York City where one can obtain the namesake specialty rather easily and in variations.Instead of telling you all the cliche things that you will need to know about Lolo's, I am going to tell you why ultimately I did not "drink the kool-aid on a  5 star rating.  Better pricing is the missing star.  I found the place to be on the expensive side for what you get.  It is perhaps a part of my relationship towards this home cooking that makes me feel this way.  But please note:  Service was great...but don't plan on being in and out for a quick lunch unless to do a to go order... Also, these waffles are wonderfully flavored.  I detected a nice hint of vanilla and a touch of cinnamon.  The chicken is nicely seasoned...nothing greasy about this batch.  I will also say that if you are not used to Kool-Aid, or if you are like me and used to be able to water that thing down until the original colour had faded by simply adding batches and batches of sugar to it.... You will be in for a diabetic shock! Here's what to do: Ask for a side glass of water and then inject some of the kool-aid into the water.  My favorite is grape drink!!!  I am hoping to get back to Lolo's to try their gizzards.  I had the basics on this trip and it is really worth the return trip.  Bring your friends and go and eat late there on Friday night!
4	I think Lolo's is better than Roscoe's.  And Roscoe's is pretty good.  So that means Lolo's is better than good.
4	Good meals at a reasonable price! Love the chicken/waffle combo. The waffle is the best I've ever had!!!!!!!!
4	Very Good. The thought of chicken & waffles never sounded good to me, but WOW!!!! This place is great and I can not wait to go back very soon. The chicken is not greasy, the tast is out of this world! The service was friendly and helpful while trying to decide. Go check it out for yourself- you'll love it too!
4	MMMMMMMMMMMM Good! The fried chicken here is fantastic.The chicken was thoroughly cooked (doesn't happen every place).My chicken bread was moist and juicy and some of  the best fried chicken I've ever had. The breading was not too greasy and tasted very good. After i finished my piece, I wanted more!The waffle served with the chicken is very good! A very nice size and complemented the chicken well. I could do without the the slab of butter, a 1/4 of the butter would do.The mac and cheese as a side is a definite winner! I'm a big fan of the drinks coming in a mason jar.Service was good.I think the cost of the food is slightly overpriced. The 1 chicken breast and waffle was $8. A side of mac and cheese was $3.50.  One side item should come with every meal. Based on how much I enjoyed the chicken and mac and cheese, I'll be back.
5	I heard about Lo-Lo's through its spotlight on Inside the NBA during the NBA Playoffs, and instantly new it was a place I'd have to visit. My fiancee and I went on a Sunday around 11 AM. The place was packed, yet we were seated as soon as we walked in, which was very nice. I was unprepared for the level of deliciousness as I ordered a Betty Boop with Kool-Aid and a side of potato salad. From my first bite of the chicken breast, I could tell this was the best food I've ever eaten. Hands down. I didn't think anything else could top the chicken, but the waffle, which I ate second, actually surpassed it by a good margin. I wouldn't call its taste cinnamon (as a few other reviews have claimed), but there is definitely something in those waffles that makes you want to keep eating, no matter the size of your stomach. The bottom line is that the food at Lo-Lo's drastically exceeded my expectations, and every day I await my next visit. It has since become my favorite place to eat. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys chicken, waffles, and interesting combinations that taste amazing!On a final note...the price. Before going for the first time, I looked at the menu online and thought it to be a bit pricey. That is, until I actually went and ate the food. Not only is the quality worth the bucks, but the QUANTITY is well over enough. I left stuffed and happy with my fiancee only having to pay ~$25. Not bad, in my opinion.Please do your taste buds a favor and visit Lo-Lo's soon! You won't regret it.
4	hadn't been here yet so when some friends said we were meeting here i was a little skeptical as i tend to eat on the reasonably healthy side.  but i'll be damned if some chicken and waffles doesn't hit the spot from time to time. the awesomeness was off the charts.  very friendly staff too.  chicken was crunchy on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside.  the waffles were a beautiful compliment.  i'll be back for sure.
4	4 stars easy for the quality of food.  I give the downtown location 5 stars, but something about the Scottsdale location is lacking (although i'll be damned if i can put my finger on what, exactly).But don't let that stop you.  If downtown is too far, this place is still well worth every penny you'll spend there.The fried chicken is unlike anything I've ever eaten.  I was never a fried chicken fan until Lolo's.  Of course, perhaps that's because I grew up on KFC and Popeye's and a variety of other sub-standard chicken shacks.  Lolo's is addictive.  It is perfectly greasy and cooked perfectly with a crispy-crunchy outside and a deliciously moist and tender inside.  The sides are fantastic, and I always hesitate on what to get.  The grits are great (but how do you *really* screw up grits).  Love the mac n cheese which reminds me of something homemade rather than Kraft MacNCheese (which is great, just nothing special).  The cornbread is nice and fluffy.  The french fries come with a seasoned salt that is like a drug.And the waffles.  Dear lord, the waffles.  Buttery, cinnamon-y (although I think there's more than cinnamon to the unique flavor) and syrup-y.  It is honestly hard to find the words to express the quality of these waffles.I've heard the desserts are legendary, but god save me I've never made it past the meal.  In fact I think I've only finished the KK's combo #1 a couple times, let alone want dessert afterwards.Service has been a bit spotty at the Scottsdale location, although never terrible.  We've had a couple times where we waited quite a while, but service has always been pleasant and apologetic whenever we've had much of a wait for anything.  So if the service isn't fantastic, it's certainly good and friendly.  Now I can't wait to go back.  But if you're downtown Phoenix...go to the original.  I'm not sure what it is...but everything is just a tiny bit better there.
4	This place has really yummy chicken drumsticks!! Soo juicy and tender!! I love how the drinks come in these old jam containers!! And mighty big they are!! They have blue kool-aid too! haha! The people in there are all really friendly and love their t-shirts.  The grits were okay...the trick is eat it when it is pippin hot and with all that butter melting...once it's cold, it's not good anymore. Their candied yams are really yummy too.
5	The best fried chicken I've ever eaten, a serious collection of southern soul food, the staff is great, even the customers are fun. You gotta go to Lo-Lo's.
5	I'm a huge fan of Lo-Lo's... Best vegetarian option has to be The CJ's (number 14 I believe - 1 waffle, 1 egg, and a small bowl of grits). And when I'm being a "bad vegetarian" I can get a southern style chicken leg as a side order. Seriously amazing grits & the southern style chicken with the waffle just can't be beat (especially if you "accidentally" get a little syrup on the perfectly seasoned chicken).
4	Either Lolos you choose, you're going to end up with some of the best fried chicken in town and some pretty damn amazing waffles too. Service is quick. Waffles are insane. Portions are huge. Chicken is great. Cheese-eggs are a godsend. And the Kool-Aid is entirely opaque. Terrifyingly so. Likewise, avoid the Sweet Tea if you're diabetic, or ask them to cut it half-n-half with the regular tea because DAMN is it sweet.If you're in the Phoenix location, you may have this sneaking suspicion that you'll come out to find your car up on blocks, but I've never had any trouble and if it's that much of a concern to you, the Scottsdale location is all nice and pretty.Four stars only because the chicken has been a bit skin/batter-heavy and in a way that hasn't been amazing the last couple of times I've gone. When all's said and done though, you can't beat the combo. Do yourself a huge favor and order less than your starving self thinks you need. The waffles will fill you up quicker than you can imagine and the syrup (while not of the Maple variety) just tacks it on. Nice folks, great food, fun times.
3	Hostess Great, Waitress Great, Big Black lady that actually slapped our good down and stated "I guess this is yours", Shameful!Even though the food was great, would not return until service staff changes!
4	When I want a completely over indulged, guilty-pleasure, (what diet?) meal I come here. I love Lolo's. The staff is warm and friendly. There's usually a wait (Scottsdale location), but it moves fast and is so worth it. If you're counting calories don't come here...you will starve, there's nothing for you on the menu :) But if you want comfort food, soul food...read on. I always start with a nice tall jar (love) of old school red kool-aid! I die, it reminds me of being a kid, so good and pure sugar. Everything I have tried has been wonderful: fried okra, grits with butter (yum), fried chicken, waffles, greens, mac&cheese, and to conclude a fabulous meal red-velvet cake. Take-out is great and done well.
5	I had heard about chicken & waffles for a long time, and never had an opportunity to try them. When I had them at LoLo's in Scottsdale I was NOT disappointed. The fried chicken was among the best I have ever had. It was like being in the south.When you follow the fried chicken with a tasty huge waffle, it's like dessert, but better.I can't wait to go back
4	Being a fan of the infamous Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Long Beach, I was totally down for some chicken and waffles this morning. The bestie found this place because it was close to my new home in Arizona and was sure to be a hearty brekky after all the physical exertion of packing, moving and loading/unloading a Uhaul. So off we went...The place is easy to find and pleasant to walk into. The staff was friendly immediately upon arrival. Service was quick and attentive. The menu is simple but appealing...so are the prices. We decided to go with the traditional chicken and waffle plates to satisfy the savory and sweet tooth. Waffles are big, maple syrup is warm and the chicken is perfectly southern fried. I'm afraid I have to admit that I may now be thinking of LoLo's first whenever I hear chicken and waffles. MmmMmm!
5	Take two food items which are awesome at anytime of day and build a restaurant around them and this is what you get. I don't think i could eat this fare everyday but when you're in the mood, boy does it hit the spot. The service is very good and the premises is well maintained.  The only negative thing i can say is that they serve pepsi rather than coke.
4	The service we received  here was incredible, our order came out in like 2 minutes, but didn't seem to have been sitting out at all. The chicken was amazing, and the waffles were delicious. Love the mason jar drinks, and all the signatures on the walls
4	I've been to Lolo's downtown Phoenix location many times, and I wanted to try the Scottsdale location to make sure they have some consistency going on.  Everything was great, the service is great, the portions were huge (like I expect from Lolo's) and the chicken and waffles were greasy and buttery enough to harden my arteries. However, I will say this; there is something about going to this Scottsdale location that just doesn't..... well.... feel right.  I can't quite put my finger on it though -- maybe, it's just that I'm used to their location in a more "questionable" neighborhood versus the slightly upscale feeling that I get from Scottsdale.  Maybe it's that the Scottsdale location doesn't feel as cozy because it's in a strip mall and you are not sitting  crammed together with other tables like you are in the Phoenix location.  I don't want to stop you though.  Bottom line:  the food is great, and the service is quick, and it's still Lolo's... so get over there and get your chicken and waffles on!
5	How can you say anything bad about Lolo's?  This place has it all figured out.  Decor, service, food & atmosphere are all part of the experience. I think certain restaurants really get you into the mood to eat there, and Lolo's is one of them.  The location in Scottsdale is bright, cheery and has great music (jazz & hip hop when I was there) playing from the counter in front of the kitchen.  Plus, we have great service every time we go.The food here is king.  I've had the chicken & waffles and the fried catfish platter.  I will admit I am not a fried chicken connoisseur, but this was the best I've ever had, and I've eaten at some great places in Georgia and South Carolina.  The waffle is actually thinner than you might expect, but it's darn tasty.My favorite is definitely the Catfish.  Their seasoning in the batter and the quality of fish made for a killer meal.  AND, if you love cheese, get the mac & cheese.  There is no fake cheese sauce in there.  It was real cheese, and it was thick!  The fried Okra was the perfect finishing touch.Please keep in mind both times I ate here, I was with petite ladies that ordered on the lite side (who watched me devour the greatness & have been back since to eat what I had), and I wish I wore stretchy pants.One more thing... They serve real Kool-Aid (OH YEAH!)...
4	I really enjoyed the chicken and waffles. I got it to go, so the waffles were soggy, but still very good. The hot sauce was a little to heavy on the vinegar for my tastes. Overall I was very pleased. The red velvet cake is a meal by itself.  Very good chicken and very good waffles.
3	The combination of chicken and waffles has baffled me for years. I never quite understood what would inspire a chef to serve these two unlikely meals on the same plate, but couldn't ignore how much folks raved about it. Day 25 of my 30 day blogging challenge  called for a "first" of sorts and I figured I'd get out of the house and do something new. Despite seeming like a breakfast/dinner clusterfuck, I opened my mind as well as my stomach, and ventured to Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles.It had been years since I went to the original Phoenix restaurant (the epitome of a hole in the wall) but I did remember the food being good. Since the company branched out to include a Scottsdale location I was thrilled to only travel 5 mins for food. The location is nice, though I agree it doesn't have quite the "charm" of the original location. It felt more like a little, sit down restaurant than a hot food spot.I fought the urge to stick with what I know and get catfish... but ended up biting the bullet and ordering the #10 (Tre-Tre - $7) which consisted of 2 legs and 1 waffle, a side of fried okra ($3.50) and "red" kool-aid.The restaurant happened to be running low on legs so there was a bit of a wait but I came equipped with a magazine so it wasn't a big deal.The Verdict? It wasn't a bad meal but I don't think I'd ever order this again. It didn't taste bad... not at all, but I guess it just felt like I was paying for something my mom could've made me lol. The only reason to pay for this meal is because you don't have access to cooking it yourself. The Okra was just okay. I like Church's okra better. My mom has made better chicken but I'd take their waffles. This meal reminded me of going to Sprinkles for cupcakes. It's more about the hype around the place  than the actual meal itself... or it could be because my mom is from the heart of Mississippi and knows how to put her foot in southern food. Ehh.. I'm glad to say that I tried something new so I can turn it down in the future based on personal experience and not a notion.Sidenote: The credit card machine was glitching out when I was there so next time I'd just bring cash. The staff was VERY friendly and it was a pleasant experience... just felt like I paid for a meal I could've gotten from home.
5	My profile says....My Last Meal On Earth: Chicken and WafflesLo Lo's is the reason why.  Everytime I visit Arizona, I make sure I hit this spot up.  I usually order the 'Lo Lo's' meal which comes with 3 pieces of fried chicken, with 3 waffles and a scoop of butter with syrup.  YUM!  This meal would not be complete without ordering their super delicious Sweet Tea which is served in a glass jar.  There are two locations, one in lower Phoenix, and the other in Scottsdale.  The one in lower Phoenix is the original location.  However, it's much smaller so wait times could vary.  The Scottsdale location is much bigger,  so dealing with long wait times should not be as big of a  problem.Winner Winner Chicken Dinner, Lunch and Breakfast please.
2	If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no. I LOVE fried chicken! Always on the hunt for the tender fried feathered...unfeathered friend. I have chowed here 4 times expecting it to be orgasmic, wanting to love it. Well, I don't. I have finally decided to post why. I am not from the school of "one and done" everybody, well almost everybody when it comes to food get's a second chance. Sometimes even more. I am done with Lo-Lo's however. Here is the phat skinny. I order the KK's. It is 3 pieces of chicken with two waffles, grits and cheesy onion eggs. I have a big ASS Kool-Aid, (wish they had the purple stuff) and I eat the whole damn meal. The waffles are ok for me, they are not as crisp on the outside as I would like and they are soooo thin. The cheese and onion eggs are great. But c'mon, the fried chicken at a fried chicken joint needs to be OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! With all fellow yelpers basically saying that it is I feel like I'm going to be sent off Yelp Island. Fortunately my little sis is a part of Yelp so I may get a free pass...ala second chance! The Fried Chicken here tastes like someone broke out some progresso bread crumbs and a big ass bottle of wesson cooking oil and cooked about 100 batches in the same dirty oil. It just had the burnt dirty oil flavor every time. I am not a fan of that. The Thighs were pretty descent, the breast was horrible. Every time the breast meat is dry, bland and has that off putting oil taste.  So, LO-LO....NO-NO, get some Purple Drink-Mix and keep that damn bird moist. Change the oil more often and I will try again. Untill then I will keep creating my own "Ghetto Taco" Thats what we call them in New York. A box of Churches a bottle of hot sauce and a box of frozen waffles..... with some Cream of Wheat on the side!!
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! We walked in first thing in the morning. The place was super clean and someone was singing in the back " were open, were open". I found that completely charming and welcoming. We were promptly greeted and our order was taken shortly thereafter. The chicken was great dont know what they did but it was moist and perfectly seasoned. The waffles had this nutty goodness. Portions were large. I live in Mesa but have dreamed of it since. Need to make my way back there to try the catfish, oka and red velvet cake. Yummy for my tummy.
3	Great waffles, so-so chicken. I loved the waffles here. They were thin and dense with a great flavor.  The chicken, however, really wasn't that great. I think it was the breading the chicken was in that I didn't love.  It literally tasted like bread.  Bland bread.  That's not how I like my fried chicken.  The lemonade was the BEST I have ever tasted.  I can see stopping in here to get waffles and lemonade.  We ordered the KK's special or something like that. It came with 2 waffles, 3 pieces of chicken, grits and cheesy eggs. It was plenty of food for the two of us (me and my husband) and we even had a piece of chicken left over.  Our waiter was great - even though he scared our daughter (not his fault).  She cried hysterically every time he looked at her (she's only 1).  The music was loud (but good) and the atmosphere was fun.  We'll be back again the future.  Maybe just to try the red velvet cake. It looked SO good, but we were too stuffed to even think about getting some.
4	I loved the fried catfish - not greasy but flaky and tasty!  I'd never had grits before so I have no idea how good they are to the GP, only that I THOUGHT THEY WERE DELICIOUS!  What a nice surprise!  The greens were tasty with a slow burn that sneaks up.  The mac and cheese was VERY cheesy.  Good flavor yet I just couldn't eat much.  Really rich!  Now to the chicken.  It was OK.  I think I expected a different flavor or preparation so I was a little disapointed, but I ate it because it was good anyway...just not - YUM, like the catfish (personal preference)  Enjoy!
5	Better than Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles. #8 The Betty Boop which comes with a waffle and a breast of chicken is my absolute favorite. How can you go wrong?Savory waffle, sweet syrup and even more moist chicken. Yum Yum Yum! Great service and delicious mac n' cheese... my new sinful pleasure. I take all my favorites to this place for breakfast, what a treat, a down-home good food get down in the heart of Scottsdale
4	If you like fried chicken and waffles, this is the place for you. Very tasty fried chicken. Drinks are served in jars. Only complaint is that they don't like to split the check.
5	I've been on a real bender lately...and this Fried Chicken was worth it!...I got the Betty Boop which is a huge fried chicken breast with a super fresh and tasty waffle...the chicken was juicy, moist and perfectly fried!  I smothered my waffle in the butter and syrup and need I say more...this was paradise!  I complimented my meal with a super sized mason jar of red koolaid and it was the perfect thing to wash this meal down with!  You have to get the Red Velvet cake it's a must have!!! This is a super fun place to go!
3	I am just looking to my right... as I write and I just saw "better that Roscoes"... Not a chance...  But is good no doubt.  The problem is the chicken.  The chicken at Roscoe's is what one would describe as an addictive experience.  It's Crack... Once you have it you can quit.Back to Lolo's.  Nice place.  An improvement over Roscoe's in terms of the place.  Very colorful and big jars of Kool-Aid.  The chicken and the waffles are good... That is if You have never been in LA and had roscoes.The breading of the chicken is dry and different.  The waffles and the syrup are great.  Need to improve the chicken thing.  I sure will be back as is definitely better than some fast food chicken but it ain't no roscoe's.Ok in case you are wondering about Roscoe's.http://www.mixiaosblock.com/twin_cities_lunch/thats_some_darn_good_chicke.html
4	Unique dining for sure. NOT a fancy place, not a date place. But awesome options.... First of all, where else can you order kool-aid????Also, The mac and cheese side is amazing. I ordered the Betty Boop- a chicken breast and waffle, and added to it a side of the mac and cheese. Everything tastes exactly how i dreamnt it would. Fattening and hearty!Take home a slice of the red velvet cake.... the best I have ever had anywhere hands down.
5	Oh Hell yes, this place is delicious!The hubs and I went while we were running errands. He had the platter, with fried chicken, cheesy grits, fried okra and corn bread. I had the Betty Boop (#8) which consists of a piece of fried chicken and a waffle.It was so freaking delicious. Not healthy in any shape or form, but it was delicious. The fried chicken is salty, and juicy and very well cooked, and the waffle (with real butter & syrup on top) was just sweet enough to make you go back for more.The joint was clean, staff was incredibly nice, food came out fast, and it was very reasonably priced. If I didn't care about fitting into my clothes, I'd be back more often.
5	We LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! If it were closer to our house we would eat here weekly instead of once a month. Love the chicken, waffles, cornbread, mac and cheese, grits and the ambiance.
2	I do not see what all the hype is about...2 times and still not impressed, or satisfied.  I am all about these types of foods on occasion but the waffle was horrible and cheap, the chicken was dry and tasteless and my lunch was $14...I have tried multiple menu items and have found all of them to be sub par products and over priced.  Staff is friendly and the location is good but....
5	I am a fan of Lolos. You can't mess up chicken and waffles but Lolos didnt disappoint.
4	The only place to go for soul food in Scottsdale.  Chicken and waffles of course, but lots of other stuff too.  I like the "Backwoods," livers and gizzards in a pan gravy over rice.  When you're in the mood for this sort of thing, this is the only place to go.
4	Lolo's was a place I had heard lots of good things about so I was eager to give it a try myself. The menu is simple, different combos of breakfast favorites and fried chicken. I opted for the #8 Betty Boop (fried chicken breast and waffle) with a side order of bacon and a cup of coffee. The food came out pretty quickly, and was a nice sized portion. I don't have fried chicken often, but Lolo's chicken was cooked well (crispy on the outside) with a lot of flavor. It offset my nice, light waffle perfectly and my bacon was cooked more on the well done side of things (my fav). It filled me up pretty quick, so I took home leftovers. Next time I want to try their grits, but I can't imagine ordering more chicken or waffles then what the #8 offers. I was full all day!We were there on a Monday morning, and while the restaurant was never packed to capacity it was steady. We received good service and my coffee was always full. We were greeted by a smiling server when we arrived, and wished a good day by a server who was not even on duty yet. I'm a sucker for little things like that, I will definitely be back and recommending Lolo's.
4	This wasn't a word-of-mouth situation, I was simply surfing the net to find something similar to LA's Roscoe's chicken and waffles and found this tiny spot squeezed in downtown Phoenix. I wasn't expecting anything impressive, but Lolo's took me by surprise. I didn't care much about the presentation on the plates but the food was tasty, well-seasoned especially what I ordered the fried catfish with scrambled eggs/cheese, i'm not a cornbread person but it was offered on the plate and it was good. The atmosphere was great and the service there is on point, they were coming by the table making sure everything was ok. I went on Sunday early afternoon, so i'm not sure how it is on a Saturday. One thing for sure, you won't be disappointed. The price is also very reasonable.
3	Sad to say, this rating is barely three stars....... The name itself sounds so good (and decadent); chicken and waffles, what a delicious combination of tastes and textures. Maybe it's because we live in Savannah, but Lolo's was kind of a big disappointment to me. I've had far better fried chicken at Mrs. Wilkes, Sweet Potatoes Kitchen and even Barnes. And sadly, the waffles offered in the complimentary breakfast offered at the Hampton Inn where we stayed were better then Lolo's. Collard greens were overly salted, macaroni and cheese bland, and the french fries so heavily seasoned that it was impossible to taste potato. The high point of the meal was the sweet tea. Service was pleasant, but brisk. Surroundings clean but diner-like. All in all, nothing special.Four adults and a two-year-old dined on varying combinations of the aforementioned foods, there's not a lot of other menu choices, and spent a startling $63.19 before the tip, not inexpensive! To sum it up, when you're longing for fried chicken, forget Lolo's and come to Savannah, y'all.
5	YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS FOOD. it's not as strange as you may think.  Ever have pancakes and sausage, french toast and bacon, why not chicken and waffles??  The sweetness of the waffles compliments the salty fried chicken so well, you'll wonder how you ever lived without this combination. It's  like dunking sausage in syrup...it'll seem strangely familiar and natural the first time.As far as the food goes, this is the BEST SOUTHERN FRIED CHICKEN you can get in phoenix.  Even if you don't want or can't have (e.g. diabetes) the waffle, try this chicken.  It's real crispy on the outside with tons of moisture inside.  It is as good as it gets!For all you cardio workout junkies, i am an avid bike racer and half marathon runner.  This place is the perfect spot for a recovery meal after a long workout. Plenty of carbs and lot's of protein (some fat blah blah blah) but after a long run...this is IT.  It's just fun to workout for a few hours with the thought of lolo's when it's all done.I'll see you all there after the PF changs half marathon on Jan 16th! :)
4	I totally love this place. First time we went, awesome service, great food! Second time we went, TERRIBLE service. It was horrible. Waitress asked us if we wanted tarter sauce for our fish, we said yes, and she never brought it and when my husband had to walk to the back counter, we FINALLY received it. She then came to us and asked us if "another girl" apologized for not bringing it. I hate when people place blame on others. I'll go back but I hope we don't get the same waitress!
2	I was craving macaroni and cheese one day and a friend recommended this place. I wasn't impressed on my first visit, but decided to give it another try. The macaroni and cheese was creamy, but very bland. I think the noodles were a bit over cooked as well. Since the mac & cheese is only a side dish, I ordered a waffle with it. The waffle was thin (not Belgian), dry, and bland. The syrup made it edible, but I still wouldn't recommend it. I ordered some of the blue kool-aide & they must have added a lot of extra sugar to their mix. It was the sweetest kool-aide I've ever tasted before! This could be a good or bad thing depending on how you like your kool-aide. The service was a little better this visit, but I have had my fill of Lolo's and will not be back!
4	This place is awesome!!! They were playing Jodeci when I walked in... About  to grub on some chicken & waffles...
1	If you are in search of good ole down home soul food Lolo's will be a disappointment to you.  I ordered the gizzard, rice, & gravy. The brown gravy had absolutely NO flavor to it. I never salt my food but I had to add salt & pepper to the brown gravy. Still, it was no help. The bland coating to the gizzards was not crispy. My boyfriend ordered the Baby Ray. He, too, said his brown gravy had no taste. His waffles had an unexpected cinnamon spice to them (which was not described on the menu). Coming from Georgia, my palate was very spoiled by all the southern cook'n restaurants I had to choose from. To me I cannot classify Lolo's as a soul food restaurant. It is a poor imitation. It is quite pricey as well. Lunch for two (2 entrees & 2 teas) was 32.00 (tip not included).
4	Had an amazing brunch this morning! The chicken was perfect (especially dipped in hot sauce and honey!), the home style potatos were great, and the cheesy grits would have made my grandmama smile! I highly recommend LoLo's, the staff was great & fun to be around, but be prepared for the carb coma that will soon follow after your last bite!
4	By far the best service I have ever received in Phoenix - and I am a frequent high end diner. It was like being in the South where hospitality and a smiling face is like a law. And the food: fattening wonderfulness that truly delivers exactly what they promise. If you're looking to indulge (or find some authentic grits) I highly recommend this place.
5	Now th his is a place that you can go if u want a southern homestyle meal...you wont want to eat for the redt of the day but its worth it...their waffles r to die for I dont know wut they put in the batter but its like no other waffle besides roscoes In la...then you have to have chicken...either the chicken smothered in gravy and onions or the honey hot wings with their fresh fries...dont forget the red koolaid...then you have to have big slice of red velvet cake or if they have lemon thats delicious too...this place is not a place to go if ur watching ur weight but its delicious and very much comfort food I only go to places I love or that have been recommended to me I dont play around
1	No, no on LoLo's!  Yowsa, after wanting to try chicken and waffles for a long time, Lolo's was an incredibly bad experience.  Food, service and business practices all need SERIOUS help.We arrived to a 1/4 full (at best) restaurant.   Staff seemed friendly enough but once our order was taken the whole experience went down hill fast.  One of our four entrees was not delivered with the rest (by a server other that the one who took our order).  It was several minutes until we could get the attention of our waitress.  She said she would look into it.  A few minutes later she returned to inform us that the kitchen said our food had all been delivered.  Cleary that was not the case we explained since one of us was sitting there with no food.  Off she went to the kitchen again.  She returned to inform us that since it was closing time (4 PM) they were now out of white meat chicken, and corn, but that she could bring us some left over chicken legs to make up for it.  How a chicken and waffles restaurant runs out of chicken and corn is beyond me....likely they simply didn't want to make any more to correct their error.  Since 3 of our party were now 1/2 way through our entrees, we said fine bring out what you can.  She delivered 3 cold legs and told us that the missing entree would be removed from the bill, along with 2 of our drinks.The food was a total flop.  Waffles were on the cold side and not terribly good.  The chicken had obviously been sitting in a warming tray for at least a few hours...maybe longer.  Not a good thing with fried chicken.  The mac and cheese was decent enough and the syrup was good.  Small victories come hard at Lolo's.When we were presented with the bill, we were surprised to find that nothing had been deducted.  After struggling again to find our waitress, she assured us that one entree had been deducted along with the drinks.  Frankly were we in a hurry for a family engagement and should have pressed the issue.  Instead we paid the bill and left.  Hours later, in examining the receipt, we added up the bill manually only to find that NOTHING had been deducted.  NOTHING!  In addition, an automatic gratuity of nearly 20% had been added....for 4 adults and two toddlers (who ate off of our adult entrees).To summarize:  Avoid, avoid, avoid Lolo's!  Frankly even Waffle House puts this place to shame, and trust me, I'm no fan of Waffle House.  Unless you relish spending your money on lousy food, lousy service, and highly questionable business practices there are TONS of other great places to eat in Scottsdale.
5	Went here for the first time last week and had a great experience. The restaurant was very clean, the service was great. The best part? The food. I've been in AZ for 10 years now and I can say without a doubt that its some of the best food I've had in a restaurant (and this from a pregnant woman no less ;)I had the fried chicken tenders, cheesy grits and fried okra. First, the food came out piping hot, I mean steaming and hot to the touch. The batter on the chicken was thick and crispy. The grits were cooked to perfection- dry enough to hold together a bit but still moist. And the okra was fantastic, too. It didn't hurt that my fresh lemonade came in a mason jar, either. I will be back. a lot :)
3	It's crazy, but every single review that I've read on here (both good and bad) are right on the money.  How can that be?  Here's the breakdown...1) Lolo's is slow slow.  With a half full restaurant and a hefty number of servers (we had no less than three waiters working our table) our food took exactly an hour to come out of the kitchen.  Granted, the food came out of the kitchen hot and a manager apologized for another table that came in after us for being served first (apparently our order took an extra 15 minutes because of the fish, which takes longer).  Still, there was nothing that I ate there that was worth waiting an hour.  Astoundingly, when we walked out, the restaurant filled and people were waiting for tables, leading me to believe that they'd have to wait no less than two hours for their food.  Not worth it - I could fry my own chicken (and it'd be damn good) in less time.2) Speaking of the chicken, it's solid.  Don't be fooled - it's superior to KFC, especially with a smattering of extra salt and hot sauce (it's a little underseasoned for my liking, but I err on the side of salt - plus, there's salt on the table, so I can't dock stars for it).  That all being said, if you've been waiting for over an hour to eat, it's hard to be wowed.  Maybe they were understaffed on the fryers or something?  Fish on the other hand, both the redfish (cod) and catfish were so friggin' good.  Perfect cornmeal batter and delectable tartar sauce on the side, they made the wait almost bearable.3) Servers are extremely laid back, though most are exceptionally cool.  There was one waitress who, when you said please and thank you, said absolutely nothing.  Inexcusably rude, whether you are in a restaurant or not.  It's just basic manners.  Still, just about everyone else working there that we interacted with was very friendly and we even managed a few laughs.4) Sides are mixed - mac and cheese was mediocre and a little bland, greens were zippy with pepper and vinegar, cheesy grits were creamy and light, red beans and rice had excellent flavor but needed salt, cornbread was moist and buttery and fried okra was crisp and not a bit slimy.  Try the Stupid Fries - an addictive mix of bell peppers, onions, cheese, shredded chicken and gravy, all atop a mess of crisp fries.  The gravy makes the whole dish, perfectly seasoned and addictive in flavor.All in all, Lolo's is neither a hit or a miss.  In a city that is pretty sparse on soul food, this place stands out due to the lack of competition.  But there are some glaring points that should still be addressed before I could even fathom giving out 5 stars for this place.  And all this coming from a southern-fried girl who is ready (and I mean ready) to tuck into a real plate of soul food the way it's supposed to be.  Solid 3 stars.
4	Pros:   Really good waffles   Chickens was alright   Awesome Lemonade   Good ServiceCons:   Could get packed might be a wait
5	OOOOHH Yeah dig it. The waffle hunt continues. KFC my A$$$$. I have been here twice and the service has been great and the staff very friendly. When I was here tonight a lady came in with about 8 kids she had as guests from Korea. She said something strange, She said the kids "Think they want chicken and waffles". WTF? She then went on to say the Korean kids eat all kind of waffles in Korea(?) and she was skeptical about the Chicken and waffle thing. (Dummy) So the lady behind the counter insisted on giving them a waffle to try and the Yelp 5 stars were unanimous with the kids so she was ok with the next dinner out would be Lo Lo's. Anyway that was a departure from the usual review. I got the 2 thighs and waffle for $7. The Fried chicken is about about the best basic fried chicken I know of. Yes places like KFC have spices, etc, but this is straight forward plain, fried chicken and it doesn't need any thing else to make it top of the line. Krispy fried skin, moist flavorful meat. I can do with out the herbs and spices+the greasiness of some places. The waffle, again about the best basic non-Belgin waffle. The natural comparison is going to come up with Roscoe's in LA. Well if you remove any stigma/aura around the food, it would be hard to say one is better. The only difference I can tell you is that Roscoe's waffles have a slight malt flavor that Lolo's doesn't. That doesn't count for against either it is just a small difference. And Roscoe's is in LA not PHX.
4	food is very good here along with a very friendly staff and clean environment. chicken is good and the waffles are awesome and dont even get me started about how delicious the mac and cheese is.. you have to try it when you go. You get koolaid in a mason jar and the food is a really good portion as well. we tired the banana pudding which is also very good, they had other homemade desserts like velvet cake. I def recommend trying this place, the menu is put together well and is very clever. Cool names for all the entrees, you wont regret giving lolos a try...and good thing about food like this its good for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
4	I've had Roscoe's in LA, so I was a bit skeptical of a chicken and waffle house in Scottsdale of all places - however, they do a great job!  I always get the Betty Boop, chicken breast and waffle, and I'm never disappointed.  The flavor of the waffle is so delicious you don't even need syrup.  I've also figured out that the best bite includes a piece of chix, waffle and hot sauce - yummy!  Just be sure you get there early - it fills up fast.Forgot to mention that this may be the least expensive breakfast in Scottsdale.
4	Whenever I want to throw all of the healthy eating out the window for the day and succumb to the deliciousness that is soul food I make a visit to Lolo's. I have visited this location and the original location several times since moving to AZ and the food has been pretty awesome at both places. I usually get the "toy toy" 2 wings and a waffle..if you're lucky they sometimes throw in an extra wing at no charge! I'm a sucker for anything sweet and salty so the crunch and saltiness from the chicken mixed with the buttery sweetness of the waffle and syrup is heavenly. Yes I will admit the service is slow but if you go with a group of people you will hardly notice :-) Being that I'm a SoCal girl I naturally have to compare Lolo's to Roscoe's and might I dare say that they are almost equal in my book.
3	Why not?  Chicken Waffles and Honey on top...  What a place to step out of the normal eating patterns and try this Lolo's Chicken & Waffles if you have never had it.  I consider this a breakfast spot. But when I drive by it at night it does make me hungry.  Whats up with the hundreds of reviews I don't know but a lot people have something to say and I think that's attractive.I can't say I'm not a fan i have brought people here some like it some don't the price is a little high priced but expected, someone has to pay for their new high end location.  Don't forget to take a trip to the South Side of Phoenix to the original lolo's.
4	Who woulda thunkkkk Scottsdale, AZ would have such amazing soul food??! They surprised the hell outta me!Coming from someone who regulars Roscoes chicken &waffles... believe me when I say LOLO's is BOMB!!! I got the 3chicken combo... w greens, mac&cheese &cornbread. Cornbread.. hands down Roscoes!Greens... RoscoesMac&cheese... LOLOs for suuuree!Chicken... tied.. they're both really good!the staff is super friendly!! can't wait to go back when i visit AZ. (=
3	Who would have ever thought, chicken and waffles combination?  It is crazy, but it sure does.  The location of hidden inside a big plaza of Albertsons, Aces Hardware, Gas Station, and much more.  It is really hard to find unless you have been inside the shopping center.  People here in AZ like to say something is located on the northwest corner of the street.  This would make it impossible to describe.Once you get there, the restaurant is pretty small.  Typically there is a pretty long wait, but I was lucky the day I went. One good thing is they offer white breast chicken meat, which is always a bonus.  The chicken was tasty, even though I am normally not a fan of fried chicken.   I love waffles, but it seemed like the waffles came out cold, as though they were reheated or Eggo Waffles.  I loved Eggo Waffles growing up, but I don't expect frozen waffles at an establishment.  I would stick to the chicken and call this place Lo Lo Chicken House.
3	This place served its purpose and got rid of my growling stomach. I was kind of disappointed actually. I keep hearing rave reviews about how great of a combination chicken and waffles are. It's not that great. The food wasn't bad, but it is not overwhelmingly good either. The waffle is a waffle. The crust on the fried chicken was really good though. I'm glad I tried the combination, but this is not a place I will go out of my way for. If I never went back I'm fine with that.
4	This place was amazing from beginning to end. Loved the name and thought we would check it out, Had no idea it was a get seated and sit down restaurant. Waiter was completely fabulous and very attentive. The food was SOOO delicious!!!The drinks come in a large quart jar with many to choose from. Husband had catfish (said it came with 2 pieces but it actually was 4), smothered potatoes, cornbread and mac n cheese.'I had smothered chicken breast with waffle and cheesy grits on the side, The smothered part (gravy and grilled onions) was amazing. The chicken was huge, the grits were mouth watering and the waffle was perfect. We left with a HUGE box of leftovers after stuffing ourselves and couldn't even order their famous red velvet cake. We'll have to leave room for it next time.
5	Other than highlighting some of the excellent side dishes, I'm not sure what I can add to the other excellent reviews. The collard greens are frackin' fantastic, and I order them every time. My Baby Mama likes to order the fried okra, which she raves about at the most random times (playing disc golf, watching Dr. Who, playing euchre). I also tend to order the home fries, though I've had to deal with an underdone potato or two.My father-in-law was in town last weekend and wanted to treat us to fried chicken. We suggested Lolo's. WARNING -- read on only if you feel very little empathy for others. Otherwise, the next sentence might break your heart...OK, ready? He showed up with a bucket of KFC. Sadness.Last word? Lolo's has the best chicken and most complimentary side dishes in Phoenix, hands down.
5	Absolutely loved it. Heard about lo-lo's from friends and decided to try it with my family. Had to wait an hour for a table for 7 on a sunday afternoon. I never wait that long for seating, but their reputation meant I was willing to wait it out. I am glad we did! Kool-aid was sugary and delicious. The "Stupid fries" were stupid good. Fried chicken was some of the best I had ever had. Combined with the great mac and cheese, and waffles it was a great meal. The waffles alone weren't amazing, but they were good, and the meal as a whole was very good. I would recommend avoiding large groups during peak rushes, due to limited space, there aren't many seating options for groups. Groups of 4 or less were able to be seated much faster. I will be going back again soon.
3	Went for the first time on a Saturday evening and I don't think I've ever had as much fun at dinner before.  I had never heard of the restaurant before and have to admit I was leery about combining chicken and waffles for dinner.  Just reading the menu had me laughing so hard I was nearly in tears.  I ordered the Betty Boop which is a breast & a waffle.  The breading was tasty and the chicken was fall of the bone tender.  Pricing was reasonable and the experience was overall good.
5	Who doesn't love themselves some good ole' fried chicken and waffles?I got the Betty Boop which is a  fried chicken breast with a yummy waffle...the chicken was well flavored, hot, juicy, and fried to perfection!  Then pile on the maple syrup and hot sauce.  Hot sauce and maple syrup doesn't seems to go together, but it's delish.  Whoever thought to mix chicken, waffles, hot sauce and maple syrup all together is a genius.
5	I should put a disclaimer from the start that this was my first chicken and waffle experience, but that aside, this was the best fried chicken I have ever had regardless of delicious waffle and syrup additions!  I am in love, I don't know why I ever ate waffles without chicken!  Seriously, if you doubt at all, go try them!  We also ordered the wings, the hot sauce here is amazing with a strong vinegar flavor. The red beans and rice side is also fab. The service was incredibly nice, my iced tea and water mason jars were constantly refilled.
4	Love me some LoLo's and even more with their new Scottsdale store More seating is a definite plus. Of course it's nothing like the mom n pop feel of the downtown location but I still love em!The wait is typical on Saturday morning but that just meant that I was starved enough to finish my entire meal this time. The chicken did taste a bit healthier... meaning there was less oil on my plate. Should I really be complaining about this? Haha.I got my grape Kool-aid, my fried chicken and waffle on... life is good.
4	This past weekend a couple of my buddies and I from San Diego decided to take a trip to Phoenix to visit some friends.  Before we left to head home we decided to check out this place because I'm a big fan of Fried Chicken.  Let me just say that I've been to a few joints from Rosco's in Cali to Amy Ruths in NY....now I can say i've been to Lo-Lo's.  This place was great!  You can always tell how good an establishment is when you see a line.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and just barely made the rush.  As we sat by the bar we were greeted with one of their staff.  He was quite accommodating and friendly!  The decor was on point and it just felt like a "warm" place.  But I didn't come there for the ambience, I came for the food.  1. Fried Chicken- OMG this chicken was juicy and flavorful.  The skin was crispy but now too crispy.  It was just a very tastety fried chicken.  One of the best I've had in my life.2. Grape Flavor Kool-Aid- This reminded me of my childhood.  I haven't had Kool-Aid since 5th grade.  The neat thing about it was it was served Ice Cold in a Jar!!! I thought that was pretty interesting and original.3. Waffles-The waffles they served here are so much tastier than Roscoe's.  The batter was light but it had a good crunch on the outside.  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the Mac & Cheese I ordered.  It wasn't as good as the other places I've eaten before.   There was nothing spectacular about it.  A little disappointing but the chicken made up for it.  People from Scottsdale are very fortunate to have a place like Lo-Lo's.  I wish we had one here in SD.
4	I have to admit, I was quite skeptical of the combination of fried chicken and waffles.  Believe it or not, this combo works!  Yes, it may not be the healthiest thing, but it is quite tasty as a once in a while meal.  This is a great southern restaurant, and the drinks are served in mason jars.  You can even get Kool-Aid (red or blue).  I am a fan.
4	I love this place! The koolaid is wonderful and the catfish is to die for! However, it does take a long time to get your good!
5	My friends and I were in Scottsdale for spring training and stopped here for our last meal before we headed back to the Bay. OMG! We LOVED this place! From the moment we walked in, we couldn't get over how awesome this place was. The menu is freakin hilarious! Where else can you find a "Phat Azz Chicken Samich", "Stupid Fries", and a "DVZ's Hot Ghetto Mess"?! We spent a good amount of time just going over the menu, telling each other what we think they should get, just because it sounded so funny.  The SUPER nice servers could tell how much we loved the menu and let us take one home as a souvenir. I ended up getting the Baby Ray and 2 of my friends got the Lo-Lo's.  I can honestly say this is the best fried chicken I've ever had. Better than Roscoe's in LA and better than Front Porch in SF. It was juicy and full of flavor. Unlike Roscoe's which I found to be a little on the dry side.  My friend also got a cornbread which was really good too. The portions were HUGE. I think between us 3 girls, we could have just shared two dishes and would still have some left over. If you are in the area, you should totally check this place out. My friends and I are already talking about going back to AZ for spring training next year, and this is definitely one of the spots we are coming back to!
4	We were driving by Lo Lo's the other day and decided to give it a try for lunch, I'm so glad we did! The food was really good, and even though the waiter messed up my food a bit, I really enjoyed the mix of waffles and chicken! It was so good, we will definitely be coming back.
5	I love LoLo's.We've been a number of times, both to the downtown Phoenix location and the Scottsdale Road location.  There's so many reviews here, that cover the basics well.  Here's my 2 cents worth:On a weekend night or a Sunday afternoon, You may wait.  A long time.  So don't plan a movie or anything too close to the meal.I enjoy the cross-section of customers, and the place has such a positive energy.  It just feels happy!Our party of 12 had the MOST AWESOME server on my last visit, but every time I visit, I LOVE the service.  Friendly, accurate, and genuinely happy to be helping you.  The salmon croquettes are very tasty.  I sampled one of my dining companion's and actually would consider ordering them on a future visit.  I always get my waffles with pecans added, and they are so good it'll bring a tear to your eye.The chicken is divine.  Their biscuits and gravy (Sunday special) is excellent.  Their chili is good.  You can't go wrong here, not matter what you order.Take a slice of red velvet cake to go, because you likely will not be able to squeeze another mouthful in once you're done with your meal.I'll be back!
5	Best post-marathon meal ever!
5	Exceptional service! Let me start with the waffles...they very light & fluffy. Flavorful & melted in my mouth. I paired them with 2 thighs (the #9 on the menu to be exact) & a JAR of grape Kool-aid. I was in heaven. I've been to a number of "waffle houses" this by far is THE BEST one yet.
3	Im Baaack ! I did go back to Lo-Lo's and this time brought my wife along. So here is the new update.:The Sweet Tea is TAYS-TEE. The oil was clean tasting but I am still just not loving it. I want too. The Grits hit, still wish they had cream of wheat and the cheesy onion eggs are sooo damn good. I am not a fan of the fried chicken though and still prefer Krusteez waffles. It looks like they now have Grape Kool-Aid so if they could get this chicken right we might have winner, winner chicken.......well you know. Please Mr. Lo, I need crispier chicken and a waffle that is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Without that good crust on my Ghetto taco it becomes to mushy once I add my syrup and louisiana hot sauce. I will try again but since I don't consume food like this on a rgular basis it will be awhile. Look, I returned a few months ago from New Orleans and had some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. I want that here because I am in NO HURRY at all to go back to New Orleans...that city is a DUMP. Great, Great Food though.
4	I've been to Lolo's numerous times. I prefer the south side location as it feels more authentic but don't me wrong... this location is much appreciated, as well. It's more convenient for me since it's closer to home, very close to my work and they stay open later, especially on Fridays when they stay open until midnight.You can't really go wrong with anything here. I usually stick to the chicken and waffles. Get some gravy on the side for smothering your chicken, yummy. Their catfish is good, too. It has a cornmeal batter. For sides, their mac and cheese, greens and home fries are my favorites.  For drinks, I love their sweet tea. They also have a lot of variety of Kool Aids for those of you who like that. This location is larger and nicer given that it's a newer location. Service is always friendly. Prices are on par for what you get. I'm originally from LA and I'll admit, It's better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles!
3	Ok this place was good. I got brunch (?) with the BF after visiting a coffee shop. There was a wait when we got there, the lady told us there was a fifteen minute wait, but it was really like a 40 minute wait. It was nice out though, so that's ok. We got sat and both ordered the betty boop and the BF ordered some grits too. The betty boop is a fried chicken breast and a waffle. The food came out quickly and was good. The waffle was sweet and substantial and the chicken was relatively tasty (could have been spicier) and the breading was good. Overall the food was good. So why only 3 stars? I thought it was really overpriced for what we got. Our bill came out to be a little over 20 dollars. I just feel like for the product used, it should not cost as much as it does. Also, I don't think they were properly staffed for a sunday morning. They had lots of open tables when we got there, yet we waited for 40 minutes. Also, the food was so heavy and I felt a little sick after eating it all (and I did eat it all....) Anyway, I think this place is good, but I'm not sure I would come back.
5	Great place for lunch!  They keep the menu simple, and the items they make are each the best of their kind.  Get their staples - Chicken and Waffles, and make sure to wash it down with a glass of their sweet tea.Also, plan on an afternoon nap if you can...
4	We didn't eat lunch on the day we went to Lo-lo's for dinner so we were ravenous. The waffles were SO good. What do they put in those waffles!? The fried okra and collards were really tasty. We also had grits and chicken legs and chicken strips, fries and corn. Oh, and the fried catfish. And the smothered potatoes. Burp. It was really good!! The location is also convenient if you're in Scottsdale and it was big and not busy (we were there at 5:00 on a Tuesday so we were a little early).
4	Went for lunch and shared a Soulfood Platter - we got 3 pieces of fried chicken (a breast, leg and wing), 2 sides (a waffle and the collard greens) a cornbread muffin and we also decided to get an extra side of mac & cheese.  A perfect amount to share, a great way to get to try a variety of different things, and I didn't feel like I was going to have to roll myself out of the place.  I've never had collard greens and they were really good - a touch spicy, but in a good way.  Everything was great and was served super fast.  Would definately go back.
4	I had the #9 lil Ahmadi 2 pieces of dark meat and a waffle for $8 the price is alright it could be less but I was very satisfied with my food and this is the first time I have had great tasting fried chicken at a sit down restaurant. The sweet tea that I had with my meal was perfect with lemon, I will return to try something else because overall this is a great spot..
4	Comparable to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Southern California, Lo-Lo's is pretty good!Open late with no long waits to be seated especially with a big group, Lo-Lo's is a place to visit in Arizona for some good chicken and waffles. Portions are good, but if you have a big appetite, then order 2. I thought it was cool that they served their drinks in jars. An extra plus for me was that they served Mountain Dew Code Red, and I thought that drink didn't exist in fountain drink options, so totally loved that!
5	I'm sorry, but if you put "Red Drink" or "Purple Drink" as options on your menu, you pretty much can guarantee I will be a fan.  Luckily, the food didn't disappoint, or I would have been pretty sad.  Chicken, waffles, and grits?  Yes, please.  I didn't even look up except to nod when she asked if I wanted a refill on my purple drink.  Lots of combinations on the menu to make anyone happy, good portion sizes, and fun waitstaff.  Wish I could go back tomorrow!
5	Damn!  Their chicken is so solid...just what Scottsdale needed was a little flavor like Lolo's.  Keep up the great work!
4	Very friendly, warm atmosphere.  We went for breakfast after hiking Camelback.  We figured we'd earned some fried chicken after making it to the top in 85 degree weather.  The food was really good.  Everything looked great! We got one of the breakfast specials - biscuits with gravy, 2 eggs and potatoes and I got 2 pieces of chicken with one waffle.  For once we didn't need any take home containers!  We ate every single bite which is very unusual for us.  I have to go back to get some more chicken and waffles but need to be sure I try the mac and cheese which I saw so many people enjoying and I need to try an order of their grits.
5	I keep telling my friends about this joint. I have been there twice once on a Sunday and they're pretty busy. I def recommend trying them out during the week when its a little slower. Anyways, this is THE soul food spot in Phoenix. I had the chicken and waffles and my wife had the soul food platter with cod and collard greens and rice and beans.  I haven't tried their new spot in So. Scottsdale yet.The kids had chicken tenders and grits and waffles. I had a arnold palmer as the tea was a little on the sweet side. The kids had jar-o-drank which translates to sweet red kool aid. I was in a food coma all day, but couldnt leave  without the red velvet cake to go.
4	I really like the Chicken and the Waffles here.  Both are tasty  Good stuff.    I'm not big on the big glass of colored super-sugar water they call Koolaid.  Yikes that's a lot of sugar!These guys would get 5 stars from me except the wait on the weekend afternoons is stupid!  We tried on Saturday but didn't want to wait 1/2hr, came back Sunday with a couple more people and were told 45 minutes.  Over an hour later we harassed them into putting together some patio tables so we could EAT.  It was cold and windy and kinda sucked, but the food is yummy so we were mostly pacified.I recommend going here, just pick a quiet time if there is one.
5	Love it!!! Way better than Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Cali.. I crave chicken now. I recomend that you dont eat all day before you come becuase the portions are large. Yum
4	I could never imagine myself eating fried chicken and waffles -- not for breakfast, not for lunch, not for dinner . . . but hubby and I were looking for a quick bite (not drive-thru or fast food) on our way back from south Scottsdale.  As I tend to do often these days, I picked up my cell phone, clicked on Yelp and looked for something with great ratings nearby.  Up popped Lolo's.  This worked as hubby wanted something breakfasty and I wanted something more lunchable.When I think of fried chicken, all I would think of is KFC -- greasy, ordinary batter, yuck!  I was thinking, I better get a waffle and some eggs, or the macaroni, but then our darling waitress (who by the way told me I have beautiful eyes) said, "I promise you, you'll love the chicken, which would you like, white or dark meat?"  I picked the drumsticks . . . oooh, and I am a convert!  Absolutely delicious steaming hot drumsticks with a perfect coating of perfectly seasoned batter.  My husband loved his breast and wings equally. There are so many choices on the menu, and not just chicken, so even if you are a vegetarian, you can still find something like beans and rice on the menu, or on their list of sides which is enormous. The atmosphere is very casual and open . . . and the people are very friendly, which makes it even better. Gotta go back and get some mac 'n cheese since it looked like everyone except us was ordering it!
4	CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!!!!! I love it.Been here a couple of times and thought it was finally time to write a well deserved review. It can get crowded on weekend (especially Sunday after the church crowd), but it's good on weekdays. The staff is very friendly and cool. If it's your first time here, they will help you out. On to the food, fried chicken is fried to crispy goodness, but the meat is on the drier side. But hey I'm okay with that cuz I got hot sauce and ketchup to smother it in. Plus their side dishes (mac and cheese, beans) make it better. Now the waffles are the bomb. They are crispy, chewy, and with the syrup to die for. My friend ordered the chicken with gravy and onions and it just looked way too messy. (that might be your thang though) Overall, good food, good people, and some sweeeeeet tea!B
5	After a second visit, the chicken was a little dry and lacked flavor. Quite a contrast to my first visit. Still enjoyed the meal, but wasn't as impressed with the chicken. I'll have to go back to see if it was a fluke.
4	Okay, had a craving for good fried chicken; and was in Scottsdale.  Went to Lo-Lo's; I'm sure glad I remembered where it was.  Red Velvet Cake is awesome!!!  But, the chicken, the chicken - ah that is a great memory...I never downed the chicken so fast...See that they have fish; so, will have to be back; my roommate loves catfish & I love cod...but, I don't know if I will have fish; when I can have that yummy fried chicken!!!
5	Prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy good! Everything that's been said about the chicken and waffles is pretty much on point.  Went here for breakfast and in addition to the chicken and waffles, I had the breakfast fries (chili cheese fries topped with an egg and green onions) which were fraggin' awesome.  Opted for the sweet tea this time, and wasn't as sweet as I had expected but still good.
5	Well where do I start.....I didn't know what to really expect when I came to this establishment....but it compared very favorable to the world famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Los Angeles. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated because this locale is always crowded and there is always a wait. When we got seated we were immediately approached by a server to take our drink orders. I had the homemade lemonade which they call "Dranks" at this location....LOL....I loved that. The jars are huge that the drinks come in and while the refills are free....I didn't even need one.I ordered a dish called the "Betty Boop" which is a juicy all white meat chicken breast....and perhaps the BEST WAFFLE I HAVE EVER HAD. Now there are a lot of great "Soul Food" items on the menu but the Fried Chicken and Waffles you must try without question. If it is not the BEST WAFFLE you have EVER put in your mouth please write me and let me know because I guarantee you will LOVE the waffles. The service was second to none....I mean every few minutes someone was checking on us....it was like having a maid....butler....and housekeeper while you just sat back and enjoyed your meal and the experience. One of the nice ladies there even lowered the blinds for us sitting in booths with our backs to the sunlight so we could cool off.....I mean wow....that was so nice of her. Now I don't about the location in Phoenix....but this one in Scottsdale is fantastic. The parking is a bear because it is located in a strip mall.....but all-in-all it is not to terrible. Like I said I am always skeptical about "Southern Food" that is not served in the south per say....but again this is MUST DO chicken....WAFFLES....and soul food dining at it's best. So if your ever near Old Town Scottsdale.....take a short drive over to N Scottsdale Rd and Thomas and pay a visit to LO-LO's. Remember while your there to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Still good eats to be had here!!!!
5	I finally went to Lo-Lo's yesterday for a late lunch or early dinner. After dreaming and hearing about it for years we visited the new Scottsdale location and were not disappointed. There was no wait. We did go off hours though. My guy tells me the place is always packed, so be forewarned.  We both got the Betty Boop and it was yummers. They have fantastic waffles here. Moist, with a hint of cinnamon! AWESOME! The chicken was delish. I loved the golden batter outside more than the chicken inside-teehee! The thing that really rocked it for me was the service! Outstanding! I love Carl. Carl rocks. His twin brother Micheal works there too.  In fact everyone treated us very welcoming, as house guests. Which kind of fits the down home, southern feel of the place.  I like it here very much and can't wait to go back, My diet can, but I can't- lol. Yes the food is not that good for you so it will have to be a once in a while splurge. Enjoy!
3	Food is good, but enjoy the cooking at the original spot better.
2	The service at this location was great, until one of the servers managed to incorporate throwing up in into a conversation while I was nursing a hangover. Never a good idea to talk throwing up to a customer that is eating.duh!! This conversation led to more inappropriate words from the employee until he finally left....grrrrr!!!Had the biscuits& gravy special ( $10.95 ), no bueno. I like my gravy simple...just some gravy with a little sausage running through,thats it. Can't stand it when there is onions, peppers, celery, carrot...yuck!! And they served those generic potatoes that are big flavorless cubes that they put in the deep fryer. Should have just had the chicken and waffle, lesson learned.
3	Ever go to a movie that everyone has been talking about because it is suppose to be the best ever.  I came here yesterday with really high expectations but to tell you the truth I don't have a place that serves my favorite fried chicken....or waffles for that matter.  The food was good, but I just couldn't get out of my head that it wasn't all that.  The chicken was very crispy but I wish it had more seasoning on it or something.  The waffles were pretty good but I really wasn't in the mood for that at lunch anyway.  The atmosphere was really cool, very casual and very clean, the pictures on the wall were neat and the service was great.  I don't want to downplay this place but maybe I need to come back and order something else.
5	You can't go wrong when you can get comfort food and Southern hospitality until midnight. Chicken, waffles, grits, greens, corn bread? Yes, please; all of the above plus some purple drink, too!I'd avoid the early weekend mornings when the crows do their walk of shame.
3	Been to this location and the one in Phoenix. I'll break this down into two parts.1. Non-foodWoah, $8 for two wings and a waffle. That's expensive! Family of 4 for lunch, $50. Really?Service was good, but not stellar. Our waitress had a bit of an attitude, but I expected that. My wife wanted greens, but... absolutely, positively, no substitutions! Cm'on guys, would it really kill you to just let us have what ever side we want if they cost the same?Both my kids enjoyed their drumsticks, mac-n-cheese, and red beans. But, both wanted more and left hungry.2. FoodPretty good, but not great. The chicken is crispy and well seasoned. Maybe a hint of buttermilk in there, not sure. The waffles are just average.Mac-n-cheese is very good. Fried okra is excellent too. Green beans, meh.I like sweet tea, but I was not prepared for the sugar saturated version they serve. Even 1/2 sweet - 1/2 unsweet was too much for me. Kids loved the kool-aid.ConclusionI would love to go here more often, but they need to lower the prices and allow you to pick your side if the meal comes with one. I think LoLo's is mostly a fad, "oh, look, Scottsdale has soul food, we are so cosmo!" I'm from Chicago and have eaten enough soul food to know good when I have it. LoLo's is just a tad above OK.
4	I'm a huge fan of chicken and waffles.  This location is a upgrade from the phoenix location. For the california people, this is not roscoes chicken and waffle but it it is a arizona alternative.  If you are in scottsdale and want some pretty good southern food go to Lolo's.  P.S. Don't forget to order koolaide it come in a large mason jar.  If you are diabetic you should not order this or the sweet tea.  It might kill you.
3	3 stars only because of the food. Service was sloooow and deserves 1 star. It took an hour from the time we ordered to get our food. It's Chicken and waffles- I mean what can take so long?! Place seems busy but it's because it takes so long to turn over tables at this pace. Kool-Aid was good but very strong, I diluted mine with extra water. Food was great tasting except for the pale, limp waffle. I like mine brown and a little crispy. They don't let you sub a side even though they cost the same? What's up with that? Good food but I don't think I will go back. Bad service and premium prices for inexpensive food. Spent $60 for 3 people for drinks and entree, no dessert.
5	This is my wife's favorite Resturant.  I really like it, but she absolutely loves it!There is no way that either of us could finish a meal at Lolo's, so we team up on one of these delicious meals. Chicken & Waffles with eggs and grits! What a feast!I love the kool-aide! Go for the Grape, you will enjoy the ice cold "mason jar" ... It's huge AND you get free refills.If the food is great (and it is) then the service is even greater... Seriously great attitudes flow is this wonderful eatery!
3	Hostess Great, Waitress Great, Big Black lady that slapped the food down and stated "I guess this. Is yours, Shameful"
4	It's located on the SE corner of Thomas and Scottsdale, over by the right-in, right-out access off of Scottsdale.  Parking can be limited directly in front and it's hard to turn around since it's right near the entrance/exit to Scottsdale Road.  We got there at 11PM on a Friday night and the staff was very welcoming and did not rush us at all.  Other people came in at 1130 or later and the same treatment to them.  I ordered the Lil Amadi with a thigh, leg, and waffle while my friend got 2 thighs with beans and rice and a side of smothered potatoes.  The chicken was fried crisply and had great flavor.  My waffle with syrup added some nice texture and sweetness to my meal.  My friend really liked his red beans and rice.  The smothered potatoes weren't that good as the value wasn't there for just a few potatoes with some onions and peppers in the watery gravy.  Refills on our large mason jar drinks were always there.  Overall, a good place to grab a different type of late night meal.
3	This would be my sit-down location while the original downtown PHX location would be my pick up when I'm in the area. This joint has yet another YLU sticker & i will say is well deserved because of their great customer service. So 3 stars you ask? What do ya want its chicken & waffles!! I'm afraid the hype about Roscoes chicken & Waffles in LA makes chicken & waffles well...a bit overrated. Also, this review isn't a comparison to Roscoes in Cali, this is about once again-C&W. I so wanted to believe in this chicken & waffles hype-i did. The concept is interesting being chicken x waffles contrasts yet blends nicely on the carnivourous palette all the while satisfying our sweet tooth. I did not get that rush of endorphins that kick in when I'm in love with a "staple dish." I LIKE-therefore: 3 stars. It seems the main ingredient being butter & the portions being huge is definitely a recipe for success. Aside from the chicken & waffle dish I ordered "Stupid fries" which would be the soul food equivalent to carne asada fries :). All in all I walked out feeling pretty decent.This place will be a once-in-a-while eatery for me. Definitely a breakfast eatery.  Like I said, 3 stars is A-OK with me.
3	Um, I don't get what the big deal is about Lolo's? I mean the food is good... but if you like chicken and you like waffles then yeah, your meal will be decent. I just don't understand all the hype?Anyways, I would give this place 4 stars BUT the prices were way too high. We had a pretty fat bill for only 2 people and again, all we had were chicken and waffles. Nothing extra. The staff is also very friendly, but I probably won't be back unless I'm willing to spend a lot on a simple meal.
4	Great soul food. Get the half breed (lemonade and Kool aid)! Chicken, waffles, and corn bread
3	After reading reviews here on yelp and hearing from a few friends that Lolos is awesome, I was so excited to eat there.  I think I may have had expectations that were too high..... but I really wasn't too impressed. My chicken was kind of dry, the mac and cheese was a little bland and I can't really complain about the collards, I think they just aren't my thing. The waffles were pretty good though (getting them with pecans is tasty). Overall the food was ok and I did love the cool-aid, but prices were high for just one piece of chicken and a waffle.
4	Love the place! Great food and atmosphere. All the employee looked like they were having a great time.Wonderful staff! I forgot and left my wallet there and they found it andtook care of it till I could return to get it. THANKS SO MUCH!
5	LoLo's Chicken and Waffles2765 N. Scottsdale RoadScottsdaleVisa, MasterCardWhile there isn't much in soul food in the Phoenix area, people have always flocked to Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe in the downtown area. Her grandson opened the original LoLo's also in the downtown area, and this summer, thankfully opened a LoLo's in Scottsdale for all the east siders to enjoy.LoLo's menu is a bit different in that they serve waffles with their chicken as well as a number of breakfast favorites. To begin, companion pronounced the waffles light, fluffy, and with good texture. Waffles are served with a cruette of maple syrup which should be enough for the average person, but if you like, they will gladly bring you enough to drown your waffle(s) in.Their chicken is the epitome of fried chicken. It is so different from the fried chicken chains that it is like night and day. Perfectly battered, seasoned and cooked, it can't be beat. It has just enough batter to give it a nice coating without being gobbed on like wallpaper paste. As for flavor - the only thing that comes to mind is wow! It's chicken! Not bunches of herbs and spices, but real, honest to goodness chicken flavor like it was meant to be.I ordered the Soulfood Platter ($13.00), which came with 3 pieces of chicken and 2 sides. My sides were collard greens and red beans and rice. The collard greens had no woodiness to them, and were cooked to perfection. The addition of a little Trappey's hot pepper & vinegar sauce forced me to devour the entire bowl! The red beans and rice were nicely done, and again, the addition of a little red hot sauce really made the day. For those who don't care for hot sauces, they were fine without it also. Their portion also includes a piece of homemade cornbread smothered in butter. Speaking of smothered, I also had a small bowl of gravy on the side to smother my chicken with. It had perfect flavor and just the right amount of spice.Companion ordered the LoLo's ($11.00) which consisted of 3 perfectly cooked pieces of fried chicken served on top of 2 perfect waffles. Companion also ordered a side of Cheese Grits ($3.50) which were just o.k., but were far from being bad.We also ordered a plate of Backwoods ($12.00) to share, which are chicken gizzards in gravy served over rice and onions. I'm sure I died and went to heaven on this dish. Gizzards are normally small chewy morsels that you can chew for five or 10 minutes before gulping them down. I don't know how they made these, but they were magnificently tender - one or two bites and it was gone! If I came back and was only able to order one dish, this might be the one - then again, it might be the chicken - then again.....Companion ordered sweet tea and immediately noticed that it was still a little warm. Unlike most places, they make everything, including the sweet tea, fresh on the premises.Companion has eaten at Pity Pat Porch in Atlanta and pronounced the food to be much better at LoLo's.This isn't the place to come for ambiance - basically, there is none. It's the place to come for really good food. The restaurant was clean, and the restrooms were clean.If this review doesn't make you want to eat here, perhaps the line out the door will. Fortunately, the line moves fairly quickly, but more and more people are discovering this jewel. Look out Mrs. White - your grandson is coming up fast!
3	Music too loud and asked if they could turn it down......uncool! Glasses for water pretty cool. WAS THE 1st TO ORDER And the LAST TO GET FOod!!!!We think it was because we complained about the music????!! food super yummy!! chicken was to die for.
4	Loved it!It's what you expect - friend chicken and waffles. The menu has all types of different combinations, though, and good side options. I would opt for the chicken breast instead of the thighs or drumsticks, because it's all bone-in chicken and you get the most meat off of a breast. The waffles are good too - they're not too thick, and they have a cinnamon-y flavor to them. I got sides of cornbread and gravy (each $1). And the best part? The drinks (referred to as "jar of drank" on the menu) come in big mason jars. The service was great, friendly and fast. Prices were good - I think my meal, which was a lot of food and included a drink, was about $15 including tip.
5	I've lived my life off of Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. I knew no one who can do it better. Well now the king has just lost its crown. In fact I can't even go back to Roscoe's now that my taste buds have touched that of Lolo's.The service - Nice and fun peopleThe chicken - Bigger and juicierThe waffles - Bigger and tastierThe mac & cheese - tastier and cheesierThe "stupid fries" - Stupid Good and Roscoe's doesn't have it.The Kool Aid in a jar - Roscoe's doesn't know the meaning of DRANK!!!Cons - Closest one is in Arizona which would mean I would have to drive 6 hours to get there... but it is worth it!!!
4	make sure you enjoy your waffles and chicken onsite. it doesn't taste nearly as good heated up at home.weekends are busy so try to go during non-peak times in the evening.tourists: servers are sassy and the waffles are one of the top ten you'll ever taste!
4	If you find yourself in Scottsdale and in need of some comfort food, Lo-Lo's is the place.  I went with reluctance with my college age son who guaranteed that I would love it and he was right.I had the "Betty Boop," which consisted of a chicken breast cooked perfectly with a light breading and two waffles.  Yes, the breakfast kind.  I put syrup and butter and then ate the chicken with it.   All of these flavors melted perfectly in my mouth and my mouth said, "more please!"  We shared a side of rich and creamy macaroni and cheese and needed the mason jar of ice tea to wash it all down.   My son had the Cherry Kool-Aid and it was delicious too.The service is impeccable and as a bonus everyone who works there is happy and beautiful too.I live in Tucson but can't wait to go back when I need some real comfort food.
5	Again, the best service around! The waffles are warm and fluffy, the chicken is crispy, and the banana pudding (which I tried for the first time tonight) was hands down the best dessert I've ever had. I'm already thinking about my next visit.
3	Drat.They've been quite hit or miss in the 3 times I've been.1st time = great chicken, wimpy waffle2nd time = ok chicken, wimpy waffle3rd time = charmThe chicken has been either perfectly seasoned and juicy or perfectly seasoned but overcooked.  Each time, the waffle has been flavorless and...pretty sad and limp.Now the charmer?  Gizzards and rice!  Don't knock it before you try it.  Fried chicken grizzards in gravy and onions over white rice.  Trust me, there is nothing funny tasting or fretful about these gizzards.  Perfectly fried, perfectly seasoned, and the gravy is excellent.  Huge portions, too.  By far the best thing I've had here and a dish that would make me come back even if their chicken wouldn't.Service has varied...but is usually on the non-chat'em up side of things.  Orders are taken fine, and we're tended to just fine.  But we haven't had really engaging hosts.  No big deal.Price...well, its just the kind of place where you're gonna spend more than $15.  The portions are worth it in my opinion.Nice place to sit in though...I like the openness of it.  NOT a lot of room so you'll be waiting a while, especially on Sundays.
5	Went here for a sunday brunch and the place was packed. After we were sat I heard the host say over an hour wait as they kept coming which was promising. I ordered the KKs for $13 and my wife had the Lo-Los for $11. We upgraded to white meat on the chicken for an additional $2 each but it worth every penny. I think this is the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, with excellent flavor down to the bone. The grits were tasty and the waffles had a hint of cinnamon. Definitely a good mixture as they compliment each other. The sweet iced-t was the kind I had when I was a kid while visiting the south, so good. Will definitely be going back.
5	Had an excellent brunch Sunday.  Just a warning the wait is a long and I was one of the lucky ones that found a seat inside to wait. I did notice a lot of people waiting outside in the heat for well over a half an hour.   Service staff was super friendly and our server Michael had stopped in several times checking if I needed anything which was nice cause the place was packed.  Got the number 3 lo lo's combo with chicken and waffles, opted for all white meat which was a couple of dollars extra.  Chicken and waffles were perfect! Portion sizes are huge, I only got about 1/3rd down, and took the rest home for dinner.  Very good food here, I probably will only come back once or twice a year though cause it's such naughty food.  I will take visitors here for a splurge though!
5	I'm from Texas, so I know GOOD southern food.  I can't stress enough HOW AUTHENTIC and utterly AMAZING this place is.  The family who owns this and all their employees are the SWEETEST people. I use to work in the service industry for a long while and it's hard to come by waiters who are sincerely nice.  Best service I've EVER had and AMAZING AMAZING food. The Sweet Tea is the REAL DEAL.  The atmosphere: Feels like I'm eating at my mom place, relaxed, friendly; like I'm back in Texas.  PLEASE I URGE you, go to Lo-Lo's!
5	I had heard a lot about how great the food was at Lo-Lo's downtown location, so was excited to try when I saw they opened a place in Scottsdale. It is by far the best fried chicken I have ever had! The idea of waffels and chicken sounded weird to me, but after trying it~ Im hooked. This place is by far some of the best "comfort" food I have ever had. A must try... & my kids love the Kool Aide :)
5	I ate here a year ago and I still dream about their waffles. Everything I tasted was delicious. The owner introduced himself to us. He was very nice and helpful. I can't wait to go back.
3	Hubby ate her twice over the Labor Day holiday weekend while visiting Scottsdale. The decor looks like a modern take on an old school diner. This place is crowded all of the time. Our first visit we had to wait about 15 minutes before we were seated which was not bad. Our second visit we were seated right away. On our first visit I ordered 2 chicken wings, 1 waffle and lemonade. Hubby had 1 chicken breast, 1 or 2 waffles (can't remember), french fries (he can't resist them) and sweetened iced tea. OK first off this place serves their drinks in 32 ounce mason jars. The drinks are huge! They even allow free refills on drinks. The menu said the lemonade is homemade but was watery. My husband's iced tea was better but I prefer lemon juice in my tea. The food finally came out and the chicken was hot and tasty, BUT......the waffle was cold, thin and as one other reviewer described it, wimpy! The flavor of the waffle was good but it was cold. My husband said his was cold too! His french fries were also cold and he sent them back. Obviously the cook on that day was bit off on his timing of everything. Our first visit the service was just okay. Not good but okay. It was a bit slow. On our second visit we both ordered the soul food platter which came with 3 pieces of chicken and 2 sides. I had collard greens and mac and cheese as my sides and he had collard greens and red beans and rice. On the second visit my chicken breast was was over cooked and dry but everything else was pretty good. There were no complaints from my husband who had a very large juicy chicken breast on his plate. The soul food platter also came with corn bread that had so much butter on top that it looked as though an ice cream scoop had been used. The waiter was nice enough to bring me another plate so that we could remove some of the butter. I knew I was not going to be able to eat a whole soul food platter but there is no other combination on the menu that gives you chicken and the sides without having a waffle which I found a little odd. It did take 3 meals for me to finally eat all of this food. Lo-Lo's also has fish, breakfast items ad desserts on the menu. We did not have the opportunity to try them but while were there we saw that other people had ordered them and they looked pretty good too. Let me not forget there are also various flavors of kool aid on this menu. After speaking with some of the locals about the waffles at this place they told me to always make sure that I tell them that I want the waffle hot! I thanked them for the tip but I wouldn't have guessed that I needed to specify that I wanted a hot dish to be hot. Go figure! I think we will go back when we are in Scottsdale again.
4	After eating at Roscoes Chicken and Waffles in LA, I was dying to try this place.  This place is different than Roscoes, but definitely would give them a run for their money.  The location is ok, convenient for the old town crowd.  Nothing special about the building or interior though.  When the food came out I was pleasantly surprised.  The chicken was nice and crispy and nice and moist on the inside.  The waffles are really what set Lo-Los apart from the rest.  The hints of cinnamon make these waffles special, and left me wanting more after I devoured all of them.   I also ordered a sweet tea, a great offering that every restaurant should have.  Definitely try this place out if you have not done so already!
4	Had breakfast at Lo-Lo's in Scottsdale today. The chicken and waffles were good, chicken better than the waffles, but my husband had the gizzards and gravy over rice. My, my, what a delicious dish. Don't think they are used to people drinking coffee, as we had to wait for the pot to brew when we got there and then had to ask for more and waited a long time for that. No refills on any beverages were offered, but other than that the service was good. We joined friends, so sat for a long time chatting and they didn't seem to mind. I think we will be going back next month as everyone enjoyed the experience.
1	I was not impressed with this place at all. The chicken I found to be very greasy and was overcooked. The waffles lacked luster in taste....they were straight bland. The place was packed when I went on a Saturday morning and there was no order anywhere in the restaurant. It took over 30 minutes to get the check after we had finished eating. Then to pay there was a line a mile long at the register and one register was not working properly. Was a late morning mistake to come and try this place out. I would avoid eating here the chicken lacks flavor.
3	First timer at Lolo's. Positives: food is delicious and servers were very friendly. Negatives: no baby changing station and they were out of coffee, pepsi, and cherry pepsi. When I said I'd just go grab a coffee at Starbucks, the server said no outside food was allowed. No response from him when I pointed out they should have coffee/cola, especially on a Sunday morning. They also said no to-go orders were allowed, but were gracious enough to give us a box so we could package it up.Might return, in hopes that they can get their coffee pot fixed and soda refilled. Scottsdale is out in the middle of nowhere, after all. Replacements are hard to find.
1	This review is PURELY based on service. I typically try not to do entirely service oriented reviews but this last visit was unacceptable. To preface this, I have always been a huge fan, I bring visiting family, force it on co-workers, etc. My earlier 5 star review was even featured here on Yelp. I have been there easily once every other month for the last 3 years. I even pick up the chicken for camping trips (cold Lolo's chicken and beer is heavenly). My wife and I were at the one in Scottsdale on Sunday (managed to get a babysitter so we could hit brunch there sans-kids). We arrived at 9:20am so I was fully expecting a LONG wait. We actually got seated right away and ordered coffee and water. The server came back with the water and told us the coffee was brewing and took our order. After about 15minutes a different server stopped by and said our food wouldn't be too much longer. This was OK since I knew they would be busy and it would take awhile, no problem. I did ask if we could get the coffee we ordered. He said the coffee machine was broken and they were trying to fix it. I mentioned it really sucked having it break in the middle of their breakfast rush. He said it had actually broken they day before and that lots of people wanted coffee (crazy right?). At this moment I thought, that's odd, I thought it was brewing... oh well....Well, not being one to complain, I worked in restaurants for years during college, but also not being one to enjoy waffles without coffee I opted to run across the parking lot and grab a couple coffees from Einstein bagels for the wife and I. I came back with the coffee and before I got to the door one of the servers popped out and said, "Sorry, no outside food or drink". He was very polite, but I said maybe this could be a special circumstance since their coffee machine had been broken since yesterday and we couldn't get any. He said no. I asked if we could just pour it into their mugs, he said no. I asked if we could switch to an outside table, he said no. I said I would like to speak to a manager and could he please go tell my wife to change our order to go since I couldn't go back inside. He went inside and came back and said the manager said no also. I was in shock. I could NOT believe this was their response. I went to the car to put the coffees down so I could text my wife and tell her to just leave the order and we would go somewhere else.  Unfortunately by that time she had paid and had the food. So, that's it Lolo's, I refuse to give you another dollar. That was unacceptable. And seriously? What kind of place doesn't have a backup plan for coffee on a Sunday morning? You couldn't send someone out to Target to pickup some cheap coffee makers for the morning? Or rent one from a catering company? Or worst case scenario just order a massive batch from Einsteins? Instead you opt to tell people they don't get coffee and won't and if they get their own somewhere else they have to leave?  FAIL
4	After a strenuous morning hike we headed to Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles. We were welcomed by the friendly staff and only had to wait 5-10 minutes for a table. This Lo-Lo's location is in a strip mall and in a very safe location. The interior was clean and inviting. There are TVs which had football on. The crowd had a fun vibe anticipating a unique and tasty meal.We each ordered a Lil Amadi, 1 thigh, 1 leg & waffle. You can order two thighs instead of a thigh and leg which we did. I ordered a side of rice and gravy. The Lil Amadi was only $7 and it filled a large plate.The rice and gravy arrived.... perfectly cooked rice and a tasty gravy with a bit of a kick. Very tasty and a chance to test a different part of the menu.Our Lil Amadi's arrived and looked absolutely divine. One large waffle, very hearty and cooked to perfection with a brown crust. A scoop of butter nestled next to two large chicken thighs fried perfectly. To the side was a small picture of syrup. We spread the butter, poured the syrup and dove in. The waffle was tender, tasty and hot.... yes HOT. All too often I get waffles delivered cold. The chicken was seasoned perfectly. The skin had a crunch which gave way to the juicy chicken underneath. The flavor went through to the bone. The servers stopped by several times to see how things were.... they had pride in their food and service. NICE change and very welcomed. YOU WILL NOT LEAVE HUNGRY :) You will leave thinking of when you can return to enjoy Lo-Lo's again.
5	Yummmm. It's probably going to say how many time's i've checked in next to my review and it's kind of embarrassing but not really because Lo-Lo's is  awesome! It's always busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings but the wait is never very long and the food always comes out fast!I typically order the Tre-Tre's and a side of cornbread which is the perfect amount of food. The fried chicken is consistently crispy and the waffle is not too fluffy.  I've tried the grits too! Everything comes with heaps of butter so be prepared!I've definitely gone more than 5 times and its really weird how two or three people always ask what you want to drink..even when you've already been helped but other than that, no complains about the service!
4	Authentic, relaxed atmosphere, reminds me of Louisiana!
5	YUM! But really unhealthy. (duh!) I ordered the Betty Boop (chicken breast & waffle).The waffles are crazy good, they have a spice I couldn't identify but made the waffle delish. I loved the chicken breast but my husband said it was really overcooked and dry. I love dry chicken. Back to the waffles; huge scoop of whipped butter, tons of syrup, Huge waffle. The boys loved it. They also ordered chicken & waffles. The kool-aid was good but not over the top sugar as I expected. And we brought our dog! We sat outside with her. Super  wonderful friendly service. Everyone said welcome, was super nice, from the host, bus service and waitress just welcoming and nice. I'm thinking of a five star except I would only eat there on special occasions due to the health factor. Screw it - I'm giving them a five as I can't think of a negative.***Just remembered they ask for your Identification and a credit card before they will serve you. And they hold it until you pay.I found that really odd and unfortunate. Be prepared.*****
4	Be warned.  A trip to Lo-Lo's will shave precious minutes off of your life.  Ah, heck.  I'm not a health nut and if you're taking a gander at Lo-Lo's reviews, odds are, neither are you.  Take a ride on the unhealthy side and enjoy your meal.  This morning marked my first visit to Lo-Lo's.  I wanted to hit up the original location south of downtown Phoenix but time dictated I opt for the closer location in Scottsdale.The restaurant was of decent size and comfy.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  Placed my order and it arrived quickly (easily within 15 minutes).  I ordered Sheedah's Special which consisted of a fried chicken breast & wing and a waffle and a side of grits.  For a beverage I ordered a Dr. Pepper and it arrived in a Kerr's canning jar.  Nice touch.The waffle was unique and tasted of cinnamon.  The chicken was outstanding.  Seriously, it ranks as some of the best I've had.  Lo-Lo's should sell the chicken by the bucket.My only gripe with Lo-Lo's is the ghetto glorification you'll see on the menu and the t-shirts.  A small annoyance that does not get in the way of the delicious food.
5	All of my reviews since relocating to Phoenix mention the fact that I am from Chicago. Well, I have to mention it again. Lo-Lo's is a soul food restaurant with true soul!! I thought I would have to wait until I went back to Chicago before I could get a meal like this. From the moment we stepped foot in Lo-Lo's it felt like home. The staff was friendly and nice, even our fellow diners were friendly.The chicken and fried catfish was perfect. The waffles were so good, they put cinnamon in the batter. As much as I enjoyed the food I cannot come here too often. Fried food, smothered in gravy makes it into the rotation every few weeks. I'm looking forward to trying the red velvet cake next time.The music in the restaurant is better than what they play on the radio, a good mix of dusties with some new stuff. I anxiously await our next visit to Lo-Lo's.
4	LoLo's doesn't quite have the filthy charm of Roscoe's in Los Angeles but it's right down the street from where I currently live and the food is pretty darn good. I managed to convince my skeptical friend to try it one massively hungover morning. She ordered neither a waffle or chicken but after she saw the table next to us get their chicken, she added a drumstick to her order. I got the same thing I got last time, the Betty Boop which is one chicken breast and one waffle. Their chicken is absolutely delicious, truly top notch. The waffles are also good but I like a bit of a thicker waffle, as they make theirs quite thin so it loses its crunch rather quickly once you pour syrup on it. Here is my only real problem with place (and thus minus one star): they have serious timing issues when bringing out food. The extra piece of chicken my friend ordered was the first thing to arrive. A couple minutes later my plate arrived. A couple minutes after that, the rest of my friend's food arrived. That is really annoying and not a good way to run a restaurant. The food should all be brought out at the same time. Period. Other than that, the service is good but they appear to take a team-style approach to service whereby you will have 4 to 5 different people taking care of your table. My advice: focus - one server per table, and get a food runner so that I am not confused as to who my waiter is and my food comes out at the same time. Overall, recommended, especially when hungover.
4	We live close to Lolo's and I have been meaning to stop by and try their fried chicken. Everyone that I know who has tried this place is all saying the fried chicken is a must try. And so I did. And they were not wrong! I got 2 thighs and a waffle for $7 and I thought the chicken portion size was really huge. Customer service (the greeter) was also polite. I'd say I'm going back for another fried chicken craving next time!
2	I notice such wonderful reviews so I had to go and try it .  But as usual I was disappointed .  I think mainly because people from Arizona don't understand what food is suppose to taste like .  Being from the northeast Where restaurant's are extremely competitive and mediocre food will kill you faster than a bullet .  Here are some good points The chicken was well cooked and was juicy .  But it was under seasoned and very bland .  The waffles were way too sweet and they were soggy.The place has the potential but the execution wasn't very good .  You could probably get just as good at I hop .  It seems in Arizona people will go out and eat anything and accept it . There are no standards
5	I've only been here once, but what's better after a night out in old town than fried chicken?I'm not a big gravy person, but it tasted great with the chicken and waffles.  We also got the red velvet cake to go and it was quite good.  Very moist!I want to try some other things here too, but how can you not order their signature chicken and waffles every time?
2	Pros:-Great tasting kool-aid, but then again, how could you go wrong with making kool-aid...?-Very nice staffCons:-Slow service if you sit outside. You're pretty much forgotten by the wait staff-Don't order the cornbread - its extremely dense and hard, not the soft, buttery kindI know the crowd will boo when they read this, but seriously folks - their chicken and waffles tastes like KFC chicken with Ego waffles - anybody feel me on this?! What is so special about their stuff? I say take your money and buy you're own bucket of fried chicken for the same price. Sorry!
2	To be fair I was recovering from an exhausting weekend full of bad food. I was tapped out. So eating fried chicken and waffles first thing in the morning was probably not my best move. The waffle was tasty. The chicken was greasy. The coffee was good. It wouldn't be my first recommendation for breakfast. It seems like one of those "either you like it or you don't" sort of things. I don't think I did. Would I try it again? If it were someone else's idea, probably.
4	Yum, this was exciting, the place wasn't open yet, and people were lining up, when they opened the doors, I think we were the fourth table to be seated, but by the time we left, it was standing room only!W both got "KK" which was three pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, eggs and grits.  I had tried chicken and waffles before in LA, so I had some idea of what it would taste like together.  I enjoyed it for sure, but it's just fried chicken with some breakfast stuff mixed in, so I don't know why everyone is so  excited for it.  The service was good, the place was clean and the food was cooked well.  For repeat business from me, I'd go back but only with someone new to the experience.
4	Being originally from Los Angeles, cannot avoid comparing Lo-lo's to Roscoe's. There are significant differences in both presentation and taste. The chicken at Lo-lo's has a darker batter with a nice rub/seasoning on it. The chicken appeared smaller in size to me, but surprisingly moist and juicy once you started pull away at it. Waffles are thin and flat, appearing with less presence on the plate. As unassuming as they may seem, the batter recipe is what it should be, doughy with a little sweetness. I need to eat here again to say whether it is better than Roscoe's but the fact that it is close is testament enough about their food.
2	So far no chicken and waffle place has been that good (lo-lo's, roscoes, home of chicken and waffles).  There chicken needs a little more kick to it... The red rooster helped but my moms chicken is way better... The grits could have used some more salt also... The service was really good but the prices were kinda high but that seems to be the thing with chicken and waffle places I guess... High prices for something that can be done at home  for a fraction of the price.  It wasn't bad but then again it wasn't great also... Roscoes is better in my opinion and they offer more...
4	Went here a couple times: liked the homemade lemonade, chicken (the best fried chicken i've eaten in Az), catfish (never had eaten catfish this good anywhere), waffles (remind me of waffle house), corn bread, and mac n cheese. Didn't like the gizzards and gravy, but would go back to get the gizzards minus the gravy. Did I mention I am a fat fuck, oh yeah!
2	Good tasting food, but way over priced.  If you would like to go for the experience, feel free.  But if it's because you are hungry, you'd do better to just grab something from Popeyes or KFC.
4	This place was recommended by people at work so checked it out yesterday, and I was not disappointed. I started off with the richest, most moist Red Velvet cake I've ever had. Was so rich, that I only was able to eat 1/3rd of the slice. I went with the "Betty-Boop" plate which consisted of 1 breast and 1 waffle. Perfect portion. I'm no master chef, but I believe I tasted a bit of cinnamon or some kind of spice in the waffle- it was very delicious. The fried chicken was my favorite part if the meal. I took advantage of the Chile vinegar as well as the Louisiana hot sauce. I also love they serve Kool-aid here. The prices are decent- not too cheap, not too expensive.  Overall, I would love to come back and would recommend this place to anyone who likes some good fried chicken.
2	Honestly, this isn't the best chicken and waffles I have had.  I would rather go to Waffle House & Popeyes but then I would have to make two stops and who wants that.Roscoe's has them beat hands down but since there isn't a Roscoe's here LoLo's will do.  There is a breakfast spot at the corner of 48th st & Indian School who offers better chicken and waffles if you have a craving.
1	Went there for the first time today...brought in my starbucks coffee that I just got to drink with breakfast.  The manager there stopped me and said no drinks allowed in, ok so I had them put it to the side and they placed it on the floor. We ordered breakfast there special waffles and chicken, the chicken was good the waffles sucked, soggy and no great shakes......disappointed.  While I was having breakfast the manager there was drinking her starbucks right in front of me, wow!!!! That made a statement, will never go back there!
1	Never had chicken so dry and salty before...I don't think I will be coming back here. Service was also horrible! I'll be sticking to Roscoe's.
4	Went to this location last week - was nervous to go because although I love waffles, and fried chicken, the idea of eating them together freaked me out.  But my husband is a huge fan, so I decided to suck it up.  I'm glad I did... Although I typically prefer my waffles a little crispier than LoLo's makes them, the flavor was to die for!!!  And who doesn't love some delicious fried chicken!  I know I do.... Try it!  You'll love it!
5	I must say it is a great place to go when your craving some good authentic Soul Food and waffles..... The atmosphere is very friendly and relaxing.... Their is always help walking around ready to serve you and answer any questions you have.... I had the 3 piece fried chicken with a side of collard greens and mac and cheese it also came with a buttery corn muffin.... The food was hot, fast, tasty, and fresh.... I love the gospel sunday.... It makes me feel at home.... And the fact that you can order kool aid makes this place feel even more like home..... Whether you have room for desert or not you have to order it... The banana pudding, red velvet cake, or sock it to me cake.... They all taste great.... I most definitly will say that you should give this place a try.... Mmmmmm.....Mmmmm..... Good.....!!!
3	I have never been into soul food per se, but my husband woke up craving some chicken and waffles, and well, you can guess where we ended up. We were so pumped that there was Kool Aid on the menu, so we ordered that immediately. I don't know why every restaurant doesn't do this... Kool Aid is amazing. The service was decent - our waitress was quite friendly, and the food came out quick. I got biscuits and gravy, which was pretty delish. The gravy was thick and filling. So filling, in fact, that I couldn't finish them. I also got a side of mac and cheese which was not great, and I didn't eat a lot of it. Overall, I'd give this place a solid 3. I'd come back again, but mostly because my husband thought it was some kind of wonderful.
5	Great service, delicious food with huge portions! I was a little skeptical about eating waffles with chicken but the flavors compliment each other beautifully. I wish the waffles were belgin style but other than that I loved them. They were made with cinnamon and the syrup was amazing. I had the KK (number 1) which also came with grits and eggs. I could have done without them but only because it was so much food. Next time I wanna try the Mac n cheese and collard greens.
5	Great service & Great food! Husband had the catfish platter it was awesome very filling kiddos had a waffle w cinnamon infused syrup I had a chicken sandwich it was so juicy and the fries had some kinda season salt on them makes my mouth water just typing this (Lol) then we all shared fresh banana puddin' .... I love this place can't wait to try some more items on the menu!
1	Not good,unless you like being forced to pay for gratuity.service ok.overprice chicken with a waffle your better off going to kfc....
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said? Great soul food in the AZ desert. You have to get a waffle when you go here, seriously... I get my sweet tea and fried okra fix here. I especially love it when they have the yellow cake with chocolate frosting. mmmmmm........ yellow cake with chocolate frosting
4	Popular, friendly, and clean chicken and waffles spot that's worth the wait.4.4 stars- Chicken: crispy and well seasoned but not too greasy, tender meat inside- Cornbread: sweet moist mongo muffin with crispy edges- Waffles: like that you can get them cooked with pecans in the batter though wish they'd make em a bit crispier- Fried okra: I always order this when I see it- Fun drinks: 4 different flavors/colors if kool aid and super crazy the way the southerners like it sweet tea- Atmosphere: dinery slick red booths- Service: very friendly and food came out quickMidlights:- Mac and cheese: I didn't care for the sour creamy taste of this particular version, but my cousin loved it- Red Velvet cake: we're a fan of this type of cake, but this rendition was just ok. Moist soft cake was great, but the flavor was lacking Lowlights- Long wait: even Sunday at 2:30 there was an hour wait- Ran out of banana pudding: the southern hub's favorite dessert he was looking forward to ever since he saw the commercial. Sad he was so disappointed- Closes at 4 so don't plan on dinner. Sad seeing people come in and be turned away...I'm not a fried chicken connoisseur like my hub but I think I like this even better than traditional Roscoes and wouldn't mind coming back.
4	There is no better way to start off your day then Fried Chicken and Waffles.  It just puts you on a cloud for the rest of the day.  Lo-Lo's has amazing fried Chicken the same as Mrs. Whites Golden Rule Cafe which I think is the best in the valley and then Lo-Lo's serves it up with golden brown sweet waffles and syrup.  I know most of y'all won't mess with the mixture of hot sauce and syrup but once you let down your guard you will see how well they go together.  If I could I would eat here everyday but then I would be about 400lbs and surely not live too long.
5	First time eating Chicken and waffles and it was the best time ever.
4	The closest to Roscoe's that I've ever found. Yes, Roscoe's is better - but NOT BY MUCH. I think the waffles were a tad bit sweeter than Roscoe's (perhaps a bit too sweet for me?), but overall the combination is perfection! This will be very high on my list for my return visits to Phoenix. It's relatively close to the airport and worth the drive if you are on a layover. YUM. As a side note, the beverage menu is pretty freaking hilarious as well. They serve HUGE jars of kool-aid (and I saw many people getting REFILLS of their 60+ ounce kool-aid). I guess the only thing better than a 2000 calorie breakfast is another 2000 calories of bright red artificial awesomeness to wash it down with :)
4	Five stars for service, three and a half for food.We ate here on a Sunday morning and had nothing but attentive service from all of their staff.  For example, my girlfriend's sweet tea was running a little low on ice and one of the servers (not ours) just walked by and mentioned she thought the tea needed more ice!  Frequent refills, friendly attitudes, and just an overall feeling of "being taken care of" were highlights. As far as the food, the chicken was inconsistent and waffles were average.  The chicken (leg and thigh) could have used a hint more seasoning, while the wing was seasoned perfectly.  The thigh was a bit undercooked, the leg a bit overcooked.  The waffles were soft, somewhat heavy, and had way too much cinnamon.  Everything was good but not great, and while the food won't bring me back the service just might.  And I'd like to try other things on the menu, including another round of the chicken and waffles to see if my experience differs next time.Finally A+ for being a family owned, Phoenix-based eatery.  We need more places like this and less garbage chain restaurants.
4	Delicious chicken and even better waffles. The sweet tea is great but sometimes it can be too sweet. Give this place a try!
5	You really do "gotta go go to Lo Lo's!" Just follow the dancing chicken leg you won't be disappointed. Seriously though, some of the best Southern food I have ever eaten, you know, aside from my grandmother's who was born and raised in North Carolina and wasn't stingy with the bacon grease when cooking. They clearly use quality ingredients and make everything from scratch, you can taste it! I highly recommend the collard greens, fried okra, and especially the banana pudding! The fries were good too but you have so many other choices for sides that you just can't get  anywhere else so go with one of those options. The service was also fabulous! Our server was very polite and his face must hurt so bad by the end of the shift because he never stopped smiling. You should go just for the novelty of asking "What types of Kool Aid are you serving today?"
1	SLOW service and not worth the long wait. The chicken is average and very salty. Culinary Dropout's fried chicken is better. Infact, KFC chicken is better than this joint.
4	It lives up to the hype! Had a great meal, quick & friendly service from a seemingly cheerful staff. Can't wait to go back! :9I could definitely see where the anti-bill-splitting addendum could be a bother... but the cheap people can suck it up & figure it out when they leave.
5	OH MY Heavenly Heart attack!  Great grease food with soul.  We got the chicken waffles of course and enjoyed every bite!  Cute jars they serve your drinks in.  Nothing fancy but great place for quick casual food.
4	I went to Lo-Lo's for the first time it was a recommendation and I had the dish Phat Boy it was delicious the place was busy when I went and the service was good :)
4	I have been meaning to go to this place since my first first friday 2 years ago.  Well, I finally made it in.  Before I get into the reason for the missing star, I'll start with the 4 well deserved other stars.  The food here is good.  I love that I can order kool aid, that's just awesome.  The waffles are very tasty and light, not too heavy.  The barbecue sauce was very yummy too.  I wish they had a better ranch, but that's not gonna take away from the greatness of everything else.The only qualm I had was a minor service issue.  My friends will all agree, I never vent about service.  I don't mind waiting (especially for good food) and if the food is great and the service isn't I will always come back. The problem with my experience was that the table that got sat after we did, had their drinks and was putting in their food order before we got our drinks (and it was the same server).  It hurts me to gripe about something like this, but I needed to put it out there.  I will always tell my friends I had a great time here and enjoyed it all.
5	One word... AMAZING! Love the Chicken & Waffles concept. Also taking home some Red Velvet Cake! :-)
4	We got there at 9 am, Sunday morning and got seated right away.  The food was awesome!  I had waffles, egg and grits and it was delish!  My daughter is almost 3 and she was eating more than I was and she's a picky eater so trust me, if she eats it it must be good.  I would definitely return.  Service rocked.  Lemonade was a bit on the sweetside but everything was great. TY
4	So I'm in search for the best breakfast place and have started a Breakfast Club UYE, and for the 1st one I picked Lo Los, I have been dying to try them, and being a single gal I don't really like dining alone so the Breakfast Club was my way of getting out and having people join me :) had a good turn out for folks willing to try Lo Los with me :)Oh my when I got there I ordered coffee, just cuz its needed and then I saw they had jars of Kool Aid, ordered me a cherry Kool Aid and you best believe I was looking out for the Kool Aid man! It was sweet heaven! Ok now I gotta order food lol I ordered the #6 which was Nay Nays, it had 2 waffles, eggs and grits and I added a fried chicken breast, never had grits before and wanted to try them, they came with a big ball of butter and I added some sugar to it and they were a sweet bliss! The waffles, man they are delish! Told Kenny our server I like some waffles with my syrup, so he brought me more if that sweet maple heaven! The eggs, scrambled were perfect just as it, now I havent had fried chicken in years and the one I had was omg so delish! The coating was crunchy crispy the chicken tender and juicy, it was the best fried chicken I have had in years, in fact I have been craving it ever since then! I hit that chicken with some Louisiana Hot Sauce and hot damn that was heaven!! You bet I will be back!
1	I had lunch at the Scottsdale location this week.  I was carrying a Contigo water bottle.  The hostess who seated me asked what was in the water bottle.  DUH - water!  Odd- never had that happen before.   I was seated right away but it took 10-15 minutes for the person to take the order.  Food came out very quickly.  Chicken breast was lukewarm, tough and not very tasty.  KFC has better chicken for less money.  Waffle was ok but the maple syrup had no maple flavor.  Paid with a credit card and had to show a driver's license.  Odd again -- can't recall that happening in a long time.   There are many places to eat where the food is better and your water bottle is not treated with suspicion.  Skip this place
4	Finally made it to a Lo-Lo's!  Met up with some folks for the Yelp Breakfast Club's first meeting.  I had the Stupid Fries which were very good.  I will have to go another time to try the chicken and waffles which were receiving high marks from everyone else at the table.  Service was good.  We got there early enough on a Sunday so we didn't have to wait for seating.  They only seat complete parties and don't split checks so bring cash for a group.  They do provide a receipt identified by seating position.
5	WOW! I came here little bit off guard. From outside it looks like just a modest family restaurant but oh my.. when you're inside, you immediately feel comfortable with all the soulful songs, home made fried chicken and waffle.. And they served the tea in a jar!! Just love it! The food taste so great, I come back for more..
3	After hearing about this place forever, I finally went with some co-workers. Honestly, it was good but I don't know what all of the fuss is about. I had, of course, the fried chicken (thighs) and waffles. The fried chicken was a bit bland for my taste, and the waffles were...waffles. I ate them both separately and together, and they were both just all right. Now some chicken-fried gravy might have helped the matter a bit but I really expected more from chicken and waffles.
5	It's great that this location is open late on Friday nights, but what's more important is that it's open by nine on Saturday mornings, because LoLo's is up there for the award for the best hangover food I know. It might not sound appetizing when you first wake up and realize you died sometime in the night and are still putting the pieces of your brain back together, but if you can drag yourself out of bed and get to LoLo's everything is going to be okay. Don't ask questions, don't second guess yourself, just get the delicious greasy food you need to keep going. Once your plate is empty, you'll feel like a new person, one who can contemplate the rest of the weekend. If you see me there with hangover shades on, drinking coffee by the pot, feel free to join my party. Waffles love company too.
4	Don't know why it took me so long to come here, but I had a great experience.  The staff were all upbeat and very friendly, you can tell they make a lot of people happy here.  The chicken was crisp and delicious, and the waffles were soft, buttery, and flavorful.  I also tried a side of cornbread and mac n' cheese.  The mac n' cheese was so rich, it tasted like it had one pound of Velveeta per square inch...not really my style, but it still tasted fresh.  The cornbread was very good and didn't taste like a boxed mix.The food is very delicious, but it's also extremely rich, and I don't think I can handle eating it more than once every couple of months.  If you've never been here, it's definitely worth checking out.
5	A funny story....My father, who has lived in over 20 states, was very skeptical about chicken and waffles together.  My parents came down here from Colorado to visit for a few months.  They wanted to try some of the great food Phoenix has to offer.  So, I said Lolo's, of course,was one of the places to go.  After the first time going, he said that Chicken and Waffles is one of the best combos that he has ever had and their waffles reminded him of the belgium waffles of New York City in the 60s.  My father in the following months wanted to go there a few time before he left and always left happy.Their chicken is so crisp, yet very moist still on the inside. The waffles will never let you down either.  I am happy someone has fried okra in their town and my nieces love the macaroni and cheese and their various DRANKS of kool-aid.  My wife always has to have their sweetened tea, while I have to go with the grape drank!  Reminds me of the south and childhood!
5	I went to the one in Scottsdale and ordered the chicken tenders with a waffle and some corn bread. Holy poop, was it delicious! The waffle is the only waffle I've ever had that wasn't bettered by putting butter on and the chicken fingers were the best me and my boyfriend had ever had! They were fried to perfection! The corn bread was perfect as well! There was only one place where Lo-Lo's could have messed up but they didn't. I ordered a waffle with my chicken tenders but they gave me fries instead. With no hassle at all they told the kitchen to make me a waffle and the General Manager told the waitress to let me keep the fries.Btw, if anyone wants a great example of how a GM should be, go eat at Lo-Lo's. The GM was so friendly, seemed to work well with his staff, treated his customers well and with respect and was just above and beyond the GM's you see in many stores!
4	This is a great place to get chicken and waffles and soul food! I've been here 3 times in the past month. LOL!  I normally order #9 the Lil Amadi  which includes an option of 1 thigh, 1 drumstick or 2 thighs & waffle which cost $7.  The chicken is perfectly fried and juicy. The waffle is often crispy and has a hint of cinnamon in it.There is something about a bite comprised of fried chicken, buttered and syruped waffle with a dash of the Louisana hot sauce....sweet and spicy...Yum!!My friend ordered the fried catfish and I was surprised that it was super moist and well seasoned and not greasy. I think I'll definitely get that next time I'm there.Do yourself a favor and order their macaroni and cheese, (you'll thank me later). I think it is one of the best I've tried. It is creamy, cheesy and the elbow macaroni are soft but not mushy.Also, their collard greens are surprisingly good. It actually has a kick of spice to it, but it works really well with the dark leafy earthy vegetable.I've also tried their meatloaf which they have on special during part of the week. It is old fashioned style meatloaf and was flavorful and moist.Service is anywhere from good to mediocre. Food comes out within 10-15 minutes. This place can get packed on the weekends during lunch.
4	I would give this one 5 stars if it weren't for the terrible hostess that made us feel so incredibly uncomfortable!!!  We had friends in town and they were dying to try it out.  Love the restaurant concept and the food.  I wish I could eat it every day!! Pros: chicken - crispy, incredibly seasonedwaffles - thin and the perfect crunch!red kool aid 'drank' - just like it was when you were a kid!mac 'n cheese - creamy and delish!the price!!Cons: hostess was rudebathroom was a lil stinky/dirty... sadfaceCan't wait to take more out of towners to this place!
4	A dear old friend told us about this place last year after she was here during Spring Training.  She fed the brother some cold, day-old Lo-Lo's chicken and he thought it was good.  When I was in Scottsdale shortly after that, I just didn't have a chance to stop although I did see it as other friends drove me back to my hotel.  It made me sad.So on the road trip through some southwestern and southern states, this was put down as a stop.  It was so worth it!  I shared the #1 KKs with the nieces - 3 pieces of chicken southern style, 2 waffles, grits & 2 eggs scrambled with cheese & onions.  There was so much food!  The chicken skin was so crispy, and the meat was juicy and tender.  Waffles were yummy.  We also got to sample the smothered chicken, Cool Bre Bre's Chicken Salad, red beans over rice and collard greens from the rest of the table. And we had to have the Stupid Fries.  With a name like that, how could we not order it?!?  Oh my, were those hot seasoned fries topped with tender fried white meat chicken, gravy & onions, green & red peppers covered with cheese good.  WARNING - the drinks were HUGE!  And some of it was on the sweet side.  Both nieces had Kool Aid.  One was just right and the other was super sweet.  The latter must've been the one they call Red Kool Aid "Drank".  No matter.   We asked our waiter, Michael, for water and fixed it to our taste.  My lemonade was good but perfect after I watered it down also.  Lo-Lo's is definitely better than Roscoe's!
4	Waffles were pretty good, but I thought the chicken was great. Cooked tender with a lightly crispy and flavorful breading. They were packed on the Saturday afternoon I went so it took some time to get seated, but the service was friendly and expedient for the rest of our meal. I will be heading back soon.
2	Just the facts.  Food average this time.  Seems not as good when they are busy.  Service was helpful and pleasant.  Deal breaker.  After waiting in line for bathroom.  Employee in front of me exited.  Upon entering found unflushed deuce.  So, either he left it behind or failed to address before a customer entered.  Will not be back.
4	I've been salivating ever since I saw the words Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles grace the Albertson's grocery shopping plaza closest to my house at Thomas and Scottsdale Roads. The delicious soul food spot I've only ever been to in downtown Phoenix is coming to my neighborhood? Less than a mile away from Old Town Scottsdale?!?!Yes, it was true. What my party noticed was how appetizing all the food looked. It's the same menu as the Phoenix location, and Peter got the Nay-Nay's ($8) with waffles, eggs and grits (my pal ordered a chicken breast, $4, too.)He washed his meal down with a "Jar of Drank" of Kool-Aid ($2.50).My table also got the Lo-Lo's ($11), with three pieces of chicken and two waffles.I ordered sides of Mac N' Cheese ($3.50), cornbread ($1) and French Fries ($3.50).The fries had chili powder on them and were perfectly thick-cut. It's a basket that's big enouch for the table to share, or gobble up yourself like I did.The Mac N' Cheese cools quickly, so eat it as soon as it's served. The noodles were cooked well, and the cheese was thick-just forget any semblance of a diet you might have while you eat.The cornbread was disappointing. It was too dry and crumbly and super-difficult to eat. Overall, though, my table loved the food and agreed it was worth indulging.This Lo-Lo's is bigger than the original, and the giant mirror covering one wall just made it look that much more spacious. It also looked a little cleaner and more pristine than the one in Phoenix.Service-wise: maybe it's because the place just opened, but the service was scattered. I think about five different people offered to grab us refills, but maybe with a few more weeks under their belt, Lo-Lo's wait staff will have tightened up the routine.I'm so stoked that Lo-Lo's has opened up right by my house. It's rare for this plaza to have a sit-down restaurant.
3	LoLo's is deelish!!! I never knew chicken and waffles were meant to be married!  The mac and cheese and the cavity-inducing kool-aid are amazing! Props to Miranda for being a cool waitress and suggesting the blue kool-aid with the red kool-aid on top. Skip the red velvet. Def not worth the cals. You're gonna leave feeling guilty for the way u treated your body. Make it worth it because it will definitely be a rare occasion!
1	If it was an option not to give any stars this place would get zero. I didn't even get to try the food and will say that I never will. I was meeting my Dad and brother for lunch and was very excited to try this place out. There was a 30 min wait and we had no problem waiting. I waited for 15 mins and my Dad arrived with my autistic little brother. We were about to be seated. My Dad brought my brother is own food which happened to be McDonald's fries and a drink because that's the only thing he will eat. They would not seat us because he had McDonald's. They said it was a health code issue and he had to finish it before we sat down. My Dad clearly stated he was autistic and the only way for us to all enjoy a meal together was if he had his McDonald's. We were going to be paying customers. My brother is very well behaved. So we left and tool our money else where. My mind is blown. We were denied services because my 9 year old Autistic brother had "special" eating habits. What if you have a child with allergies would they to be denied to eat at a family restaurant because they had to bring "outside" food with them so he could eat with the family. Baby food? That's outside food too... I saw lots of babies there that I'm sure had baby food. Horrible costumer service.
4	The idea of Lo-Lo's on a Sunday morning has to rank right up there with Segway, Farmville, and the bumpit. The line to get in was worse than the Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland on a school holiday.  The hostess was sweet, explaining how the wait could be close to an hour or even longer. When asked if we could get take-out, her response was the same. Sadly, i couldn't wait an hour, eventually coming to grips with how my waiting in line with such a bad hangover could morph me into a one-man Donner party. As the hostess patiently awaited our response, I stared off into space, fantasizing about life in prison, the result of my conviction on some trumped-up cannibalism charges after the manager caught me gnawing-off an elderly woman's kankles. "Sorry, we'll come back later," I politely responded. No chicken. No waffles. No prison.Goodbye Lo-Lo, hello DeFalco's.
5	A great big thank you to our waiter, Keenan; who made the morning super enjoyable with his wit, charm and efficiency. This Lolo's is a bit classier than the original, though the food is still just as down-home delish! I do prefer the original restaurant's vibe, but this locale worked well for our trio today. The chicken was tender, crunchy, and savory and the waffles were golden brown sweet heaven. The grits were fluffy and oh so buttery, while the candied sweets stole the show. Staff and service are friendly, young, and efficient. Great meal, thank you LoLo's. Don't worry... we'll be back. :)
3	This was a very hard one for me to review! I have been looking for a great chicken house that offers that unbelievable chicken! I have heard of this place, and have been meaning to try it out. So my daughter wanted to take me somewhere for my birthday! Since we had nothing else to do, I brought up Lo-Lo's. Since this place closes at 4:pm on Sunday? We arrived around 2:30, according to the hostess there were going to be about a hour wait! Well we didn't get all dressed up for nothing! Told her a party of three, and during the wait we went over to Jamba Juice for a cool smoothie. Now we were outside waiting when they called our name, that hour turned into only a half hour wait! But since we did not finished our smoothie, we were told to finish it or throw it away! Not allowed to bring it in? When we were seated, I had to squeeze between our table and a table next to us, when I did that I ended up getting syrup on my pants. Don't want anything sticky on your pants!!!! Yes they try to get as much seating in there as possible. Now Michael who was our server was very apologetic! Got me a warm wash rag, to clean up. I ordered their betty boop, this comes with a waffle and a breast of chicken! Daughter had their big ass chicken sandwich with fries. We also shared a chili cheese fries. Their waffle was very good, it compares with our favorite in Oakland at Full House! Daughter enjoyed the sandwich, and yes! It's a big ass sandwich! So come prepared! Their chili fries were good, it was advertised to be spicy, it had a little twang in it. But I have had better. Now to their chicken, I love fried chicken! My favorite is at M & M soul food in Gardena Ca. So I was real excited about coming here and trying their chicken. Maybe I expected to much? Maybe I have already tasted the best chicken possible? But Lo-Lo's chicken did not meet my expectations! Now I am not saying their chicken is bad, there is no way that is true. But I was really hoping this was it! So when it comes down to it, YES I would come back! But my search for a great fried chicken in the Phoenix area is still on going! The best thing about our experience is Michael our server! He had a great attitude, looks like he loves what he is doing! He is by far, one of the best servers we have ever had!! Oh yea! They have Kool-Aid!!!!!!
2	The food arrived fast and was super good. Some of the best waffles i have ever had. BUT it took more than 45 mins for us to get sitted. I get that it was 8 of us. But it wasnt even that busy. And 2 transactions per bill is bullshit! Specially if its 100+ bill. We get that it says on the menu but still we are your costumers you cant just take one more credit card. We would have appreciated it and probably end up coming back but nooo brother got all mad and walked away. Roscoes would have hook it up.
5	What is this place?!!!! AMAZING. My boyfriend took me here and I was blown away. I spent the first 20 minutes ogling everyone's food. The best fried chicken I have ever had and the waffles are insanely delicious. I also love how they serve drinks in mason jars. The service is scattered as others have mentioned but everyone is really nice. Our food came out quickly enough and was perfect. This isn't a quick place to eat, set aside about an hour on a weekend morning. Definitely will be back and it's a shame I don't live closer otherwise I would eat here more often.
4	4.5 stars...Dare I say it's better than Roscoe's? Well I'm not too sure about that just yet. Maybe they should battle.Anyways! I really did enjoy my chicken and waffles from this joint. The atmosphere here is busy, a lil noisy, but everyone is definitely enjoying their food! The only thing I think I would pass on is their mac and cheese. I just didn't really care for it. The cornbread was awesome. And the collard greens were good and with a lil kick. I didn't get a chance to try my boyfriend's twice fried chicken... he ate it all. So I guess that means it was good too!
4	Oh thank you, crispy waffles and chicken... Services was a little slow, however, the food made up for it. Tricky to get parking so if you're on the run park in the shopping market, walk over, it'll save you time. Still, thank you, thank you, thank you!
4	I went here today for the first time with a friend and I really enjoyed the "betty boop". It came with one big waffle and a chicken thigh. The waffle was good, tasted like cinnamon, and the chicken was juicy and delicious! I also ordered a rasberry kool-aid just because it was available and I enjoyed that as well! I loved how quick we got the food and how attentive the servers were, even the host was great! I would come back for the chicken and waffles but also to try their "soul food".
5	Friendly staff, amazing food!
4	I went the first time in late July. My boyfriend had been once. I ordered the Lolo's Famous SoulFood Platter, the catfish was fantastic. I have eaten a ton of fish in my time and it was cooked perfectly and nicely crunchy. I enjoyed the decor ass I waited for my food a kind of barrel theme. the sweet tea was perfect. I am not sure what they put in the green beans, but they  were the best I have ever eaten. Yummy....I watched the staff and noticed they all smile and have a sense of urgency. Our waiter was top notch and very attentive, so he got a big tip, haha I will be going back soon!!
3	THREE TIMES IN ONE WEEK because I craved this place. I want credit for trying! bisquits and gravy YUM! Chix strips and fried snapper YUM. Fried Chicken Yum! But when Waffels is in your name, come on! YUK Thin pale and raw or almost raw!!! Twice!!!! I get it nobody makes a waffels like my mom did, it was enough to wake me (for real) so I am spoiled. However Thin might be there "style" but raw is inexcusible.Service is always GREAT & FRIENDLY, but my cravings have wayned.I will be back but you lost me on the waffle part, thank goodness almost everything eles from the kitchen is great!
5	Been here many times.. Great place to bring out of towners..I've never had anything bad here, love the fried chicken and waffles, fried catfish is out of this world and the shrimp and grits are amazing. I usually like going to the original location near downtown Phoenix for charm even tho it's in a barrio and industrial area. Service is always prompt, one of my favorite valley restaurants.
3	There's nothing like some good southern food on a blistering hot day. The boyfriend and I were craving waffles thanks to Food Network when we decided to have lunch at this well known favorite.  I've been to both locations and even though they serve the same food, I think I'm partial to the downtown location, simply because it feels like you're really down in the south. It's in a renovated house and you're sitting at small home dinner tables. The Scottsdale location is nice, but not as authentic. Today's experience was definitely not the best we've had.  We were greeted when we walked in and immediately sat. But that's about where the good service stopped for the day. While we looked over the menu, I overheard another table ask where their drinks were. Apparently the kitchen was out of ice, but the server failed to communicate this to the table. Lucky for us, we didn't have to worry about the ice situation, as our server decided just to wait to greet our table or take our order until there was ice. When our server finally arrived, she did take our order (The Betty Book and fried okra for me) and put in a drink order. After a few minutes, we got our drinks and our food shortly after. Everything came out great, but we were missing the okra. When I asked, the runner said they didn't have it right now. A few minutes later, our server came to apologize. She said she didn't hear the order, which is really no big deal. Then, she informed us that they don't carry it this time of year because it's too humid to fry correctly. While I appreciate their effort to not serve inferior product (which so many places will do anyway) , it seems a little strange that southern states carry fried okra during the summer when they are considerably more humid than Arizona.  It just didn't make much sense to me, as I am from Texas and have eaten perfectly crunchy fried okra during the summer.  All in all, the food was as good as it always is. Maybe it was just an off day for service.
5	My quick summary:  Deliciously surprising.So my younger sister had been trying to take me for some chicken & waffles for years.  But, me being the stubborn mule that I am, I dug in my heels.  I was stuck on my idea that fried chicken & waffles are not a natural combination, as this was not the food I was raised on and I don't even like waffles.  Boy was I wrong.My sister had a insane pregnancy craving while we were out together one day & demanded I take her to Lolo's that very moment.  Who am I to argue with a seven-month pregnant woman who is like 6 inches taller than me?  I am proud to say I caved like the cowardly lion.My first impression on the atmosphere leaned towards the positive side as the place was packed on a weekday, during lunch.  And the colors are bright & exciting.  The desserts were displayed in cases on the counter & looked mouthwatering.The waiter was funny, friendly & very helpful.  I am not a Kool-Aid drinker, so he brought me his own concoction of rd Kool-Aid mixed with lemonade.  One word: addicting.  I ordered the Tre Tre, which comes with a couple legs & a waffle, a side of mac & cheese & banana pudding for dessert.  The chicken I ate first, being not that big a fan of waffles.  It was divine.  The spices on the skin are amazing, best I've ever had.  The mac & cheese was creamy and rich.  I even loved the waffle.  It is cooked perfectly, and has a hint of cinnamon.  And I don't usually eat pudding, but I will order that there whenever possible.  There was not a crumb left on my plate.I now take any family & friends there if we happen to be in the area.  And they never disappoint.
4	Stopped in with my husband for a quick bite right before lunch.   We had heard about this place being good, so we were exited that we just happened to be near it that day.  I had other lunch plans so opted to just share with my husband.  He ordered the chicken and waffles wih grits and eggs.  He knows how much I love grits so he gave those to me.  I hate to sound full of myself, BUT I make delicious grits!  So I can't say I was too crazy about these.  They really didn't have any flavor to them.  They did have lots of butter though.  Now, the chicken on the other hand was perfect.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, just perfect!The waffles were really good too!  My husband really enjoyed his egss.  I didn't try those, though.  I will go back to try some of their other menu items.
5	Ordered a number 1 and killed it......I have never had chicken and waffles together or been to Lo-los...Here is the lo down:Great chicken, nice fried chicken with a great tasting flower mix for the fried skin.  It tasted fresh and the chicken was nicely cooked.  It came out super hot so I had to eat it last.The waffles were fresh and soft.  Nice scoop of butter on top with maple syrup to drown the butter onto the waffles.  The waffles are large, fluffy, soft and delish.  Get the waffles, had a touch of Cinnamon in them as well.I had some sunny side up eggs also and with the fresh onions and shredded cheese on top it really added some addition flavors to my eggs.  The crunch of the onions with the soft liquid egg helps add texture.At last the last portion of the number 1, and my least favorite item was the grits.  It is a nice helping of grits, comes in its own bowl with a nice scoop of butter to add flavor.  Unfortunately the butter does not have salt and the grit lacked salt so the grits was basically flavorless.  No worries salt shaker in hand I corrected the lack of salt and enjoyed the grits.  I just wished it had more flavor in it.  A number one includes all that is listed above and is for someone with a serious appetite.  Bring your appetite and $15 and you will be full of delicious fried chicken, soft and delish waffles, and wonderfully cooked eggs.
5	annnnd....  get the red drink.  I've had the fish, the chicken the stupid fries.   Its not good for you, BUT ITS SO GOOD.  Depends on the day, the biscuits are better some days then others. The red gravy is different day by day ans so is the sausage gravy.The brunch menu is almost ready and i can't wait!
2	Chicken not as good as KFC or even Basha's. Frozen Eggo waffles are better. Red velvet cake was very disgusting. Fried okra was soggy and too expensive. Soul food with no soul!Waffles and chicken are an odd combination that might have worked had they been good.Did I mention that the place is overpriced?The best thing -- it provides employment for blacks right in the middle of whitey Scottsdale. The staff was very friendly (but incompetent) so I'll rate the place with 2 star instead of one!I have been there twice and it was just as bad both times. Will never return.
5	Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles FIVE STARS *****I Love this place! I'm a Regular at Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles, Cali. But Lo-Lo's in my opinion Beats Roscoe's.A party of 6 on a Sunday Morning, we were immediately seated in this nice, clean and new looking spacious restaurant. We were all given our menus and the waiter took our drink orders a few moments later. OMG They have a variety of KOOL AID on Tap! I'm posting the photos, but the idea Genius!We ordered a combination of Chicken, Waffles, Pancake, Biscuits and Gravy, Mac and Cheese, Fried Eggs, Rice and Dessert. Our order arrived shortly after and let me tell you..*Portions are Huge! My First thought are these Chickens on Steroids =]*Fresh, Crispy, Tasty and Piping Hot just out of the Fryer*Waffles were perfect!*Mac & Cheese was amazing and so cheesy*Biscuits and Gravy were Delicious. I normally don't like Biscuits with gravy but this is my exception.I Love Love Love this place. The prices are great! Service was Fab. I thought it was cute too to see twin brothers working there. Both really friendly. Next time I come to Arizona this will be my first stop. Definitely try thus place. You will not be disappointed =]
4	Came here for a final "farewell to Phoenix" lunch with 10 of us. It was hot outside and the wait was an excruciating hour. What was nice was they had coolers of drink for the people waiting. Once we were finally sat, the service was fast and friendly. I ordered Kool Aid since well.. everyone else did. When I received it I remember why I dont drink it...its too damn sweet! Ick.Anyway I ordered the Tre Tre and i was freakin delicious and the perfect amount of food. I could not have been happier to have this as my final meal in Phoenix. I definitely recommend this place, just be prepared to wait.
3	I am a fried chicken fan. In terms of fried chicken, Lolo's doesn't even make it to my top 10.  Nothing against the shop, which is run by really friendly people, but their yard-bird is not that flavorful once you get past the crunchy, salty, skin.  It may well be the best thing in Phoenix but that's not saying a whole lot.  Now mind you I'm comparing it to the likes of Price's Chicken Coop in Charlotte or the Scotch House in New Orleans - and compared to those esteemed joints - Lolo's is just bland.That said, Lolo's will do you right: good waffles, solid collards, a tasty mac n cheese, grits, eggs.  If it was aiming to be a breakfast joint  it might score higher with me.  And their service is really welcoming.But a drawback is their price.  For being the only game in town - Lolo's will stick it to your wallet.  It's very very easy to walk out of there 40$ lighter for a dinner for two.Next time, I'll stick to the sides.
3	Chicken and waffles!! Very good fried chicken, moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Waffles look like they are from waffle house, tasty!
4	Oh I absolutely love this place and I say that as a vegetarian! Well dont think I am crazy. For starters, I just love the ambiance and people here, ah makes me feel like I am in the south! and their portions are HUGE for the price they charge and I heard some meat eaters say the chicken here is way better than KFC :) Anyway, they have a lovely veggie platter in which you can order any 4 side dishes and it comes with their amazing cornbread. I got Collard Greens, Fried Okra, Mac & Cheese and Eggs. Check the pics.  I was tempted to get the beans which would have made my dish completely southern from what I hear, but anyway the food was absolutely amazing. I think my friends got chicken fried steak (?) and catfish and they vouch for them too. oh I have had stupid fries in the past and loved 'em as well. I love how they serve everything in mason jars(?) here! oh and if u get a chance please actually have the chicken and waffles as well! and it was one of our member's birthday that day and the awesome waiter just gave us the amazing Red Velvet cake for free :)
1	Overpriced, unhealthy food!  Popeyes and Fry's have bigger and better chicken  Never going back there!
4	We went on a Friday around 11:00am.  I was looking forward to discovering Lo-Lo's having read several magazine reviews.  The place is on a nice corner location, lots of windows, bright, colorful, energetic feel. It was fun to peruse the menu.   The service was great that time of day, before the Friday lunch rush.  There must have been 10 employees who came up to us during our visit...extra napkins, replace a dropped fork, make sure we had a chance to order, any questions about the menu, asking how we liked it, and more.  Everyone was full of positive energy and smiles.I discovered I like fried okra and the gravy for the chicken is A+.  The cornbread was the best I had had in a decade, fresh, moist, large, with a nice ball of butter on top.  I will try the cheesy grits next time.  The chicken was good, meaty.  Would like to try it when the noon rush is on and the chicken is piping hot like some of the other reviewers mention.  Chicken is crisper when it is just out of the fryer.  I would definitely recommend.  The full blown chicken dinner for lunch is $14. Comes with 3 pieces of chicken, 2 sides, cornbread, gravy, but one will have leftovers for the next day's lunch.  Other dishes are typical Scottsdale luncheon pricing.  Curious about the waffles...I am not big on waffles, but heard they are worth trying once.Wish there were coupons to coax me there more often.  :)
5	Awesome. Being from So Cal, I have high standards when it comes to Chicken and Waffles (Yay Roscoes!) Lo-Lo's delivered. Great chicken, yummy waffles and kool-aid served in a Mason Jar. The staff was very friendly and a lot of fun.  You really can't go wrong. Oh and according to a flyer they have a $399 Bereavement Special Package. This seriously made my trip.
5	Wow!!Whipped over to this Lo-Lo's today for lunch with Robyn N. & Mike C.  Having been to their Phoenix location a while back I knew to expect an expensive but delicious meal, & they didn't disappoint!My order was for the 3-Piece Chicken Meal with corn & home fried potatoes for sides, plus they also give you a big cornbread muffin & a ball of soft, whipped butter to put on it.This was genuinely an all-you-can-eat feast & every bite of it was SOOOOOO good!!  The table service was friendly and attentive too.     :-))3-Piece Chicken Meal $14
5	They serve Kool-Aid in mason jars which is fantastic and #8 Betty Boop is my favorite.
5	Im shocked I haven't reviewed this place yet (Shame on me).Ok first off....Jar of Drank....yes its on the menu that way, yes its a mason canning jar, yes they put fricken KOOLAID IN IT! HECK YES!The waffles are amazing I believe they have a bit of cinnamon in them and the friend chicken is goodness in your mouth.I have also had the lemon-aid (also awesome), and the Mac in cheese is to die for. There staff is amazing it really feels like you are down home around your Mom's table. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the valley to give it a shot. The one thing I have not tried is the Red Velvet Cake. I am dying to try it but I am always amazingly over full when I am done with my meal here.Great portions, great food, great service...and did I mention Koolaid?
5	Fantastic!  Great waffles, excellent chicken and the best Red Velvet Cake EVER!  Our server, Shanae, was superb, but the whole team was friendly and helpful.
3	im not a hater in any way, shape, or form...im just sayin, i kinda grew up with chicken and waffles since i was a kid...plenty of spots in Oakland for some quality chicken and waffles...ive had much better elsewhere...kinda reminded me of the hype of when i went to go have chicken and waffles at Roscoe's in L.A....after having it, i wasnt impressed either.the chicken itself was cooked perfectly...the batter wasnt all that great...crispy? yes.needed more salt and other flavors...i mean, when you get chicken and waffles, its a play on sweet and savory, right?  flavors gotta be poppin off in your mouth, but the flavors just wasnt there for me...might have been an off day or something...very friendly staff tho...
5	Easily some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. I ordered the #3, which gives you three pieces of assorted chicken that you can custom order. It also comes with a short stack of waffles. I was hesitant at first, but could all of these other reviews be wrong? Nope! Chicken and waffles together is a fantastic mix. The salt and grease from the chicken complements the sweet, but not too sweet, syrup and moist waffles. Of course, how can I forget the "blue" Kool-Aid in the mason jar. I was hyper for the next 2 hours from all of the sugar. The hostess was really nice and the atmosphere was friendly and casual. The layout is like a diner, with your regular tables and bar seating. ESPN and the news was turned on lightly in the background while they played old school R&B jams that brought me back. I got a kick out of the menu and the titles for some of the dishes like Phat Boy and DVZ's Hot Ghetto Mess!Tips for leftovers: Bake your leftover chicken at 350 degrees for about 7 minutes, depending on the size. It comes out a lot better than microwaving, IMO. But, go ahead and microwave those waffles - they still taste ok a day or two later.
5	So amazingly delicious.  Every time I go there I have to get the, of course, chicken and waffles!!  And my boyfriend and I share a side of home fries which are just, the potatoes are crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside, and seasoned to perfection!  Someday I will branch out and try their other menu items, I'm sure you can't go wrong no matter what you order here!Pro tip:  Make sure you bring your appetite!
2	had  a waffle and eggs and the waffle was very heavy and doughy.
2	Wow.  For a place that is known for fried chicken and waffles, I expected better.  Maybe I came at the wrong time?  But they weren't making the fried chicken to order, even though it wasn't busy.  I sat at the counter in front of the kitchen and saw the giant sheet tray full of pre-cooked chicken.  So, as expected, it had been sitting there awhile and was dry, dry, dry.  The waffle wasn't even that good, even though that was fresh.  Seriously don't understand what the hell everyone is thinking by going to this place.  KFC has better fried chicken than here - at least it's juicy.
4	On point! Chicken cooked perfectly - crispy and juicy, waffle done well, kool aid on tap, and awesome Mac and Cheese. 1st place I've been where the Mac and cheese was actually good. Stays creamy and has a lot of flavor. Definitely coming back! You gotta try it!
5	Oh Yum, oh yum, ooohh yummm : )I've never tasted better homecooked fried chicken at a restaurant. and chicken with waffles... umm, you're kidding! The cornbread was on point too. Actually, my only issue was how much calories dat meal was packing! Let's forget bout the big splodge of butter on top my waffle that i mistakenly dived into thinking it was vanilla icecream..
3	Food=4.5 stars Location=2I had been to the original location (pre-expansion) quite a few times, but this was my first try at the Scottsdale location.  It was CRAZY packed.  I tried going at 2pm on a Sunday, and there was not a single empty table...anywhere.  We were seated after a 30 minute wait, but we were so cramped that the whole experience was lackluster.  I will take the original location any day over the Scottsdale location.
3	I just moved to Mesa, so, being a fan of fried chicken - I asked around.  "Who makes the best fried chicken in the Phoenix area?", I asked, and the answer came back - "Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles".  Off I went to Scottsdale expecting fried chicken apotheosis.  Alas, I was disappointed.I don't want to be too hard on Lo-Lo's.  There were some very bright points to the dining experience.  For example, despite the restaurant being very busy on a Friday night, the hostess was lovely and polite and seated me very promptly.  The service in general was excellent.  My server (Mike) was efficient, courteous, and attentive and my order was prepared and delivered very quickly.  I would rate the overall service at 5 stars for this genre of restaurant.I ordered the soul food platter with an extra piece of chicken, collard greens, and beans and rice - it also comes with a generous cornbread muffin.  The greens were pretty good - a little heavy on the salt, but had a great texture and very smooth overall flavor.  The beans and rice, unfortunately, were uninspired - nothing really wrong with them, but it was a flavor that you can easily get in a can - flat, with no appreciable depth or complexity.  I needed to dump a bunch of hot sauce on them just to make them palatable.  The cornbread had a decent flavor - not terribly sweet or too bland - sort of right in the middle - but the texture left a lot to be desired.  Cornbread should be dense and firm, but still moist and delicious.  This cornbread was somewhat dry and granular.  Again - not horrible, but nothing special.For me, though, it's all about the chicken.  Unfortunately that's where Lo-Lo's really fell down.  The fried chicken that they served me was a bit soggy (as if it had been sitting in a bin for a while), overcooked (especially noticeable in the dryness of the breast piece) and definitely under-seasoned.  The chicken meat was composed of average sized cuts of mediocre quality, somewhat fatty, bland chicken - very much akin to what you get at any reasonable supermarket deli for $5 for 8 pieces these days.  The breading was oily and not very tasty (again under-seasoned).  Although it broke my heart to do so, I just stripped the skin and breading off of my chicken and left most of it on the plate.  My low-water mark for acceptable fried chicken is KFC.  With all of its flaws, at least it's usually tasty.  What Lo-Lo's served me didn't raise the bar on KFC at all.The price is nothing to brag about either.  I went in alone, only had iced tea to drink, no dessert, and my bill came to $22 and change.  That could buy a lot of fried chicken at KFC. :)If I were rating the food alone, I'd have to go with 2 stars.  The service brought it up a whole notch, hence the 3 star rating.  As for great fried chicken in Phoenix. . .  well, I'll just have to keep looking.
4	Finally made it out.  Tried Mrs. White's one day, and then here the next day.  It was interesting contrasting what mother and son do differently, which is basically everything.First off, this is a modern, chain-type restaurant.  I'd mistakenly thought it was more of a fast food place where you order and pick up yourself, but was disappointed to learn it's waitered.  It's expensive enough as is and I didn't really appreciate having to tip on top of that, but it does keep a lot more people employed.Service was extremely cordial and friendly and employees seem to be having a great time at work, which is a treasure to find.  I think I saw LoLo himself (lol) counting his cash at the register, and he sho 'nuf looks happy as all get out so I guess he's doing well for himself.  The t-shirts are great.  The ambiance works much better than Mrs White's, where you feel more like you're in a soup kitchen for the homeless.The food?  Well, the mac and cheese was heavenly - that had to be Velveeta, it was so creamy and thick.  My heart almost stopped for two reasons: the taste AND the cholesterol.  I opted for chicken tenders instead of the fried because I didn't feel like dealing with the bones.  So, 3 tenders and a very thin waffle for 12 bucks means I won't be back soon.  Too bad, too, because it's fun and good.  The menu has so many options, it took me a good 10 minutes to decide what to order.  There's so many other things I'd like to try - perhaps down the line, the next time I visit AZ.I can think of some better fried chicken here in SoCal but I still say give this a shot.  You may end up loving it.
5	Insanely good chicken. Salty but not too salty. Crisp but not too crisp. Juicy (there is no such thing as too juicy). The proprietor and staff are always so nice and the food comes quick. Absolutely no complaints, and I have been here A) A few times (what I'd tell my doctor or other half) B) Like every week for the past two years. Old reliable. And good for you, too!
5	two perfectly breaded and fried drumsticks, a vanilla waffle covered in maple syrup, the creamiest mac and cheese ever, fried okra, and a huge hunk of corn bread. yes, my extremely large ass ate all of that and i don't regret it for a second. this place is fantastic! the menu is full of all the favorites that my grandmother used to make me as a kid such as red beans, rice and gravy, cheese grits, fried okra, and any part of the chicken you want fried. you really can't go wrong. this place has something for everyone unless you're on some type of ungodly diet that doesn't allow you to have an epic cheat day.this location is decently sized but can fill up in a heartbeat. be prepared to wait about 30 - 45 minutes for a table. it might be a little long but its totally worth it. i also recommend trying out the many flavors of kool aid or the lemonade. delicious. for me, lolo's is a once a year type of thing because honestly, i couldn't imagine eating this on the regular and still fitting into pants that dont have an elastic waist band.
2	This place is overrated. I don't understand why people like this so much. My server got our order wrong, and charged us for the food he brought by mistake. Terrible service. I will not go back again. The chicken is on par with Church's and Popeye's at best.
5	This place is so delicious!!  I've never even heard of eating chicken and waffles on the same plate, until this place opened up in my neighborhood.  It kind of reminds me of Thanksgiving dinner-with a lot of sweets and meat in the same mouthful!!  I wish it was a little less expensive, since I can make chicken and waffles at home for a fraction of the price, but I have to admit.... my homemade chicken and waffles could never be  NEARLY as delicious as Lo-Lo's.  ;D
4	So, I had #10: Tre-Tre - 2 drumsticks & waffle with a side of Fries. First let me say I been to the one In Phoenix a few times and this was my first time at the Scottsdale location and the Phoenix location I was not impressed at all you could tell the oil needed to be changed each time I went. Now on to the Scottsdale location, I was Very impressed food came out hot good flavor fresh. The atmosphere was nice, The service was just ok took them awhile to take our order and come back for refills but over all it was a good meal.
5	Awesome food great service!!
5	well I am back again and I cant stop not coming to this place! To review, I love the ambiance of this place, the warmth provided by the people here and ofc the food. I got my veggie platter again with the 4 dishes being Fried Okra, Mac & cheese, 2 Eggs/Cheese & Onions and I cant remember what else but I remember feeling amazing bout it :) Oh wait did i eat waffles, ah well I cant remember. I think I should stop eating the sides and eat something else for a change next time, like the salad maybe. ah well to the next time then!
4	Heart-stoppingly good!  Load up on your Lipitor, check your blood sugar level at the door, and sit down for some Southern style good eats.  We had various sides to go with our fried chicken, such as buttered grits, waffles, collard greens, and beans with rice.The fried chicken had a salty, crispy, peppery crust with tender, juicy chicken.  I had a 3 piece platter which included a wing, breast, and thigh.  The chicken tasted great with the waffles in maple syrup and butter.  The collard greens were tender, with good smokey flavor and a hint of bitterness from the natural flavor of the greens.  The red beans and rice were decent, and the buttered grits were also decent.As for drinks, I opted to wash my meal down with some sweet tea ($3).  The tea is very sweet and concentrated, but was tasty nonetheless.  Since it was so sweet, I could only take a few sips of it throughout the meal.  I also tried some red Kool-Aid, which was equally as potent.  If you like strong flavored drinks, this is your place!Service was very friendly.  It was fairly busy on a Friday night and we had a little bit of a wait, but we didn't mind since it gave us time to look over the menu.  If I ever have room in my stomach for more food after my main course, I'd definitely like to try some of their delicious desserts!
4	I can't believe I haven't updated my review!Lo Lo's I had been craving you!!!!! Ever since I had a bite of your fried chicken I have been hooked, and I don't even like fried chicken!!! The combination of your fried chicken and waffle just can't be met anywhere else, I even have to say I like I like you more than that Roscoes down in LA, ooooowwwwweeeee just can't get enough!I ordered the #8, the betty boop, which is a waffle and fried breast, and omg its still has good as the 1st time I tried you, I swear I will try other numbers, but when you already had perfection its hard looking for something else!The Kool Aid is still on point, cold & in a jar, love that stuff!This time I did try the mac & cheese which was perfectly cooked and just the right about of cheeseyness to it. Thank you Lo Los for yet another perfect meal!  Oh and ladies,,,let me tell you EYE CANDY forsure!
4	Believe it or not this was my 1st time at Lo-Lo's, and it will certainly not be my last! You have not tasted chicken until you've tasted their's, makes you want to slap your Mama and lick your fingers! I had to try the "toy-toy" the name peaked my interest, although Keenan was very smooth at assisting with the menu and got me to add a bowl of Mac-N-Cheese, melt in your mouth goodness! I got distracted and somehow forgot about my intollerance to waffles(sad I know) which came with my order so I made a trade with my friend and ate her Mac-N-Cheese too, topped it with Lo-Lo's very own hot sauce, I would  have loved to take a gallon of it home with me!I almost forgot that I don't like eating messy food in public, had to resist the urge to gnaw on the bone like an happy puppy! It's true what they say, you never forget your first time! I'm definitely looking forward to going back for more!
5	Great food!!!
3	Lo-Lo's was decent. After hearing tons of friends rave about it, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. Just as a FYI, if you're planning on making a stop to Lo-Lo's, be prepared to wait at least 25-30 minutes if you're going on a weekend before 3 pm. But the wait really wasn't that bad.The service was a little odd. There were several people that were serving us at once. One girl took our drinks, the other took our order, and two others brought us our food-- separately. Understandable considering the high volume nature of the restaurant, but still a little confusing. Anyhow, we got out drinks which were delicious. We both got blue Kool Aid mixed with Sierra Mist, as a recommendation of the girl who took our drink order. It was really good and a new twist compared to the Diet Coke that my boyfriend and I always order at other places. The food was decent. I got a #7 Toy-Toy with a side of mac and cheese and he got the #3 Lo-Lo's. the first thing to come out was the Mac and cheese. It was pretty good, and seemed to have tiny bits of what seemed to be mushrooms in it which gave it an interesting twist (but I may be wrong!!). Then came the Lo-Los and then the Toy-Toy. They were all pretty decent. The chicken was crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside, however the overall quality was just okay. It was somewhat similar to what you'd get from a Safeway deli. The waffles were pretty good, but were very heavy and hearty and made the meal difficult to finish. Service was weird and not consistent, but wasn't notable in a bad or a good way. Maybe I'm not a chicken and waffles type of girl, but Lo Lo's was just pretty decent, not great not horrible- just good. I would go back, just not frequently
3	Missed the chicken & waffles experience when I lived in the South, so thought I'd try it here.  Scottsdale location's interior was equivalent to places I'd visited in Dixie, so that was a plus.  Portions are huge--I left stuffed.  Fried chicken was very, very good--probably some of the best in Phoenix.  Waffles were OK--not pancake house or diner-style--more of the deep South version--sweet and cinnamony but soggy throughout.  Everything tasted great.  Service was really mediocre.  Waitress was clearly new or in training and not very focused.  There was a gent who was somewhat "supervising" her and, in some cases, doing her job for her.  Wished he had accommodated us--but no such luck.  Not too long of a wait on a Sunday morning--which leads me to my next point--for the entire 1.5 hours we were there they were not playing music; they were blaring a Southern gospel-choir church / revival / worship session over the stereo.  Not saying that this was bothersome from a religious standpoint; having lived in the South I've been to some of these church events and they are great.  When they are done, the folks all go out and eat and if someone is playing they are playing MUSIC!  They don't drown out their eating time with more and more church items.  Not sure if this is just a Sunday morning ritual at LoLos, but I wasn't there as a substitute for church and listening to this for all that time was really pretty grating.  Don't think I'll go back--but it was a decent dining experience!
4	Who ever heard of putting mushrooms in mac and cheese?! They did, and it works - my mushroom hating husband finished his entire side of it! This was a first-time for me with eating chicken and waffles together, and it was wonderful! Their waffles are really good with a hint of vanilla and the chicken is fried perfectly. They also make the best sweet tea I've had in Arizona - as close to North Carolina's as I've had in the Southwest! Get the "Betty Boop" you can't go wrong! :)
5	Holy smokes ~ what can I say?! AWESOME food & AWESOME music. How can you not feel insane amounts of joy when there is a huge plate of hot, crunchy, fried chicken in front of you, a big jar of bright Kool-Aid by your side, and  Montell Jordan singing in the background?! I am in love ~~~~ Besides the food being so great, what I like about this place is the service and the people. The people that work there are so friendly and full of smiles. Everyone eating there is also so happy and enjoying themselves - it's just a great place to relax and enjoy yourself with good people and great food :)
5	If this place came to California.... Roscoes would go out of business!!!! EVERYTHING was good.
4	The place was packed and the only available spot was at the counter.  My wife and I had the Famous Soulfood platter which comes with cornbread. My two sides was the Mac & Cheese and waffle; my wife on the otherhand had Mac & Cheese with Collard greens.The employees were all very helpful and attentive even though the place crowded.The lemonade was served in quart size Mason jars and was really sweet. Maybe they forgot to stir the sugar when it was added. Just have to wait for the ice to melt.When we got our order the Mac & Cheese was overcooked and the waffle was okay 'cause I like mind crispy. A couple of minutes more would have been perfect. My wife loved the Collard greens and the Southern Fried Chicken was out of this world. The breast I had was huge. I managed to eat most of the Mac and Cheese, waffle and cornbread. It was a LOT of food.I'm going to try this place again during the week when the place is much calmer, if it ever is.
4	This is a review that has been in the making for quite some time.  This review is for the THIS location.  This is a 3.5 Star review, but I can't give them a 3.I will cut to the chase and save most of my comments for the Phoenix/Original location.  LoLo's is down right good chicken and great waffles.This location seems to not be as busy as the flagship location in downtown.  But, please don't think that means that this location is not busy.  At lunch time, if you arrive before noon or after 1:30, you will stand your best chance to be seated right away.  On the weekends, fa'git about it, you'll wait.  its worth it. I order the exact same thing Every time I go.  I rarely change my order.  I order a Tre Tre with blue koolaid.  When I first started going, they didn't have the blue koolaid, so I ordered the red koolaid.  On a couple of occasions, I was feeling snazzy, so I ordered the Toy Toy.  The Tre  Tre is similar to the Toy Toy.  Both have 2 pieces of chicken and a waffle.  Tre Tre - Drumsticks.  Toy Toy - Wings.  The chicken is hot and crispy.  I have had it a time or two and thought that perhaps it had been cooked and sitting in a warmer too long.  The waffles are extremely good.  I enjoy putting a little of the butter and a lot of the syrup on mine and eating my waffle from the inside out!  YUMMY!   I haven't had much else on the menu, but I've sampled the plates of folks I've been with and their food was good.  I was in there a couple of weeks ago and I see that they have added several new items to the menu.  I want to try the shrimp and grits.The thing about this location that I like is that the service is always friendly and prompt.  This is the only place in Phoenix for chicken and waffles.  I love being waited on by a couple of guys that work there.  they are twins.  Mr C and Mr D (if I recall correctly).  Those are some nice fellas.I have tried their Red Velvet Cake and I was somewhat surprised to find that it was a decent contender for what I would call a good Red Velvet Cake.  It doesn't rival my 1st and 2nd favorite RVC's in phoenix.  The texture of this cake is exactly moist enough and the cream cheese icing tastes creamy and sweet.  The one thing their RVC is missing is the taste of the cake.  The hint of the chocolate is not there.  I DO NOT like the raw nuts on the cake, but I can eat around that.  All in all, LoLo's is the "only" spot to get  chicken and waffles in Phoenix.
4	I love Lo Lo's but I love it for reasons other than the chicken.   I love their chicken, don't get me wrong, but I go for the cornbread and the veggies.  I'm from the South, and the combination of chicken and waffles isn't as odd as it might seem to people from other parts of the country.  This is a southern staple, and suprisingly good.  However, it's the collards, fried okra and candied sweets with cornbread that get my attention.  It's hard to find any place here in the Valley that serves collard greens -- or greens of any kind -- much less collard greens done really well.  Add a little tabasco vinegar, and you're ready to rock.  Couple the veggies with a huge hunk of cornbread slathered in butter, and your meal is complete.  I've also enjoyed their fish and chips.  Catfish is my favorite, but the other fish is also very good.  I'd really love it if they added fried chicken livers to the menu, but in the meantime, I happily order the chicken, which is southern style and delicious.  The wait can be daunting on weekends, so be prepared to wait if you get there for breakfast or lunch.  The place is less crowded in the evening.  When it's slammed, it can be a while before you get served, but the staff is friendly, and helpful.
4	The stupid fries are stupidly good! How can you go wrong with fries topped with chunks of chicken, gravy, cheese, peppers and onions? We came in for a late lunch one saturday and the wait was minimal. I had the Phat Boy. It came with 2 eggs, grits, a biscuit and choice of meat. I had turkey bacon and added a side of gravy for my biscuit. Everything was excellent. Their gravy isnt the typical white gravy I am used to seeing at breakfast but its very tasty and has a kick to it. My other half got some kind of breakfast "samich" and he loved his as well. The only down side to our meal was that we waited a long time for it. Then our waiter forgot our stupid fries and we had to ask for them. When they finally came- AFTER our meal, we were going to send them back but got seduced into "just trying" them, which turned quickly into "eating half" of them. Damn you stupid fries! We left happy, overfull, and ready to start trying to walk off some of the damage we just did.
2	The chicken pieces were very small and the batter no better than Church's imo.  The waffles were more like pancakes with maybe nutmeg and cinnamon; I'm guessing.  I have had so much better that I can't take this place seriously.  There are better places in town so I'd ship this one folks and save the $15.
4	Just as delicious as all the hype warrants, and impeccably clean. This is hangover food at its finest. Played hookey from work and came here with a rager of a headache, like a crippling debilitating hangover. Lo-Lo's put the kibosh on that noise real fast. The fried chicken is succulent and moist, the skin has the perfect texture of crunch and a savory spiced coating. Their signature homemade hot sauce is just the right accompaniment to the fried chicken and must needs be slathered all over the fried bird, leaving you, your table, and your face a hot mess. Again I have to reinforce how clean and tidy the place was, you'd think there would be grease and chicken bits all strewn about as hungry patrons devour their selections of fried chix but nuh-uh, spotless. Service was fast and friendly to boot. I have to mention that the waffles, while not anything especially great, were certainly not bad either, piping hot and fluffy, with a fat glob of butter and saccharinely sweet syrup they are what a decent waffle should be.I didnt get to try their famous red velvet cake, but hey, that's reason enough to come back for me.
5	Went there at 10 am, not crowded, we were greeted nicely, the staff was great & very "nurturing" when they found out we were 1st timers. Lets get right to the food!RED DRANK (fruitkoolaid) wow, Im a guy who usually drinks lightly sweetened tea so this was a shock LOL  mucho koolaid packets + mucho sugar!  CHICKEN- done right! not greasy, just perfect! GREENS- honestly the best ive had MAC-N-CHEESE OMG i had high hopes, and they exceeded them! as a corn bread hater I even liked the cb muffin. WAFFLES- awesome also. NO WEAK LINKS HERE!We plan on taking all the family when they come to town!THE ONLY CON- didnt have a "hood rich" shirt in my size!
1	Thought I'd write a review because I've been here more than 45 minutes waiting for my takeout order. This place is as poorly run as it comes. Overpriced. Good food, but very disappointed that it's taken 90 minutes to fulfill a take out order.You don't mess with a man and his food. Especially when it's chicken n' waffles.
5	Ive been to it all. Anyplace that sells chicken and waffles, even the famous one on TV. THIS IS THE BEST CHICKEN AND WAFFLE PLACE on the west coast. Hands down.1) Best seasoned fried chicken2) Best flavored waffle. Slight taste of cinnamon, crisp edges.Put this together with some syrup and you got heaven on a fork!3) Best Mac and Cheese - not gooey and smothered in cheese. Nice firm texture4) BEST CORN BREAD - besides some of the homemade cornbreads I've had, they make a bomb as cornbread perfect with a little butter on top. 5) Cornmeal breaded catfish, I never pass up on this. If I dont get one in my meal I definitely order it on the side6)You have to try the CHYNA'S HONEY HOTS. My god, no one makes sweet hot wings like this. Ugh, makes my mouth water. 7) Kool-aid..... need I say more. Red blue and purple are the flavors. They make it perfectly sweet. They recently got some new stuff on their menu that I haven't gotten to. But the items above have always been on their menu and I always order them. Its a must. Check out the original location in downtown phoenix. I think the chicken at the downtown spot is a little more better than the scottsdale location but I'm not buggin. Its just a lot smaller than the scottsdale location.
4	Very good but a little too salty for me.  The fried chicken was great!
5	fried chicken.waffles.kool aid.what else are you waiting for? Go! Now!
4	gooood tasting chicken mac & cheese was soo tasty
2	Went in for the first and last time on Saturday night.   The chicken was burnt with pools of grease on top.  It seemed as though they had already cooked chicken and redipped in the fryer to warm.  The sweet tea was stomach churningly sweet.  The service was inattentive.  At the end of our meal a man took our card went outside and chatted with another table, we were in a hurry and had to ask another person to go find out what was going on.  The place was clean and the workers were friendly, but what I really want  from a restaurant is good food, and this place lacks.
4	Excellent fried chicken and waffles. Server very friendly and good.
4	Been here several times. Always good food. Every time I've been here it's been a long wait but that's because I usually go on Sundays and its very popular
2	I've been to Roscoes' and now I've been to Lo-Lo's. Let's compare.Location::::::Roscoes' are typically found downtown LA or in a ghetto. This Lo-Lo's is found in a Phoenix Suburb. Edge: Lo-Lo's.Parking::::::I've been to three Roscoes' and the parking situation is always a dinky little parking lot and/or metered parking. This Lo-Lo's is found in plaza with an Albertsons'. Edge: Lo-Lo's. Wait time::::::: The only time I have ever waited at a Roscoes' is when I had a party of 12. The wait at Lo-Lo's had a wait time of over 40 minutes at 10 AM. After waiting more than 40 minutes, we were finally seated. Edge; Roscoes'Service::::::Roscoes' servers take your order quickly and you get your food extremely quickly as well. Our server at Lo-Lo's seemed nice at first and took our order quickly. But that is when things went south. I order a "KK's" and a Sweet Iced tea. It took 20 minutes to get my sweet tea and 30 minutes to get our food. In the mean time, I watched an empty table get occupied by two people, their orders taken and food served within a span of 10 minutes.  All before I got my tea. WTF!? Edge: Roscoes'Waffle:::::Have you ever had Eggos? If you have, you know no amount of butter and/or syrup will make it special. Enter Lolo's waffles which were essentially plate sized Eggos with no flavor. I only ate one out of two of my waffles... and I LOVE waffles. Roscoes' waffles are just better. I don't know how they make it and what they put in it... but Roscoes' famous waffles just melt in your mouth. Edge: Roscoes'Chicken:::::::::The chicken at Roscoes' is terribly dry EVERY time I get it, no matter white or dark meat. This was the best part of Lo-Lo's. The chicken was juicy and the breading was seasoned well. Next time I go I would probably just order the chicken. Edge: Lo-Lo'sSides: ::::::I had the grits and eggs with my "KK's" platter. They were definitely "authentic" because I felt awful after I ate them. Grits drowning in butter and eggs drowning in cheese? Edge: EvenMenu/Prices:::::::Expect roughly the same price and menu under different names. You're going to have the same plates: the one wing and one waffle, two wings and two waffles with a side, etc. etc. I would say the prices are within a dollar of each other. But they have Kool-aid at Lo-Lo's. I haven't have Kool-aid since I was a kid and I don't plan on every having any in my life again. But they're pretty pound of the fact that they have it on tap. Edge: EvenPortion size:::::::::I typically finish my food at Roscoes' and I'm completely suffered. I ate half of my "KK's" and I was dying. Heart-wise AND stomach-wise.  I literally couldn't eat any more. The portion size at Lo-Lo's is so ridiculous you could literally split any of the major combos with another person and still be full. My "KK's" lasted me from about 11 AM all the way until 9 PM at night. Edge: Lo-Lo'sConclusion:::::::::1) Why did I bring another establishment into my review of Lo-Lo's? Because you cannot possibly deem something the best ever if it's all you've ever had. 2) Some places are worth the ridiculous waits and hype. I don't believe this place is. 3) As far as chicken and waffles are concerned, this place is your average joint at best. 4) At first I thought this place was favoring Giants' fans over Dodgers' fans but then I realized the staff was making both groups wait equally long. Which either means, their service is just bad overall or they would rather tend to locals than the tourists who will flood the town every March. Not a good way to do business.5) If you insist on eating here, go as a group of two. You get seated WAY faster and served WAY faster.
5	Huge fan of chicken and waffles.  Been staying in the area for a bit and saw the countless reviews on Yelp about Lo-Lo's.  I have to say reading the reviews and looking at the pictures got me salivating and I knew I had to check this place out.  OMG.  If you haven't been, you have to go.  So friggin good.  Thought I would choose a lighter option for my first attempt and went for the betty boop, which is a waffle and chicken breast.  Ordered some collard greens on the side to have a vegetable.  The southern fried chicken was spot on perfect.  The waffle unbelievable.  Smothered it in butter and syrup.  I'm getting hungry again just writing this review!  I have had collard greens but none as good as these anywhere.  They were so tasty and good I could have just made a meal of them.  I can not wait to go again and try more things from their menu.
2	There were some staff members that were very friendly and that is the only reason I didn't give this place 1 star. Other than that, the waffle was bland, the fried chicken was mediocre at best. They also didn't return my card with the bill which led me to forget it at the restaurant. When I returned to get my card, the cashier popped open the register and lifted up the cash drawer to find my card with about 15 other credit cards and said "wow, a lot of people have left there cards here today!"  ...Or...  Maybe there were a lot of people whose cards didn't get returned because your staff is all over the place.Roscoe's needs to come to Arizona and put a stop to these shenanigans.
5	This is one of the reasons why I visit Phoenix! I have at least stop by here to eat once at every visit. That's how amazing this place is! The environment here really reminds me of people from the south east coast and so do the people. They have that attitude and personality which is really interesting and cool for me to see since I've mostly all my life with on the west coast. So to see a change of personality of someone who is from the other side of the country is a thrill. To start off your drinks are brought to you in a jar which really keeps to the south eastern style and I ordered myself some good ol koolaid which I haven't drank since I was a kid! Then I ordered a 2 piece chicken piece fried Louisiana style with waffles and a side of fried catfish. They taste BOMB! The chicken is still juicy and not all dried out along with a little kick of spice and mixing that with the waffle and syrup is just a great combo. I know to some western people that sounds weird and funny but until you try it, you can't really judge lol. The fried catfish was also amazing. It really hit the spot and during the whole time I can't even socialize with my friends since I'm too busy digging into this delicious meal!!
5	Love this place. I have only been here one time and it is awesome. The chicken had a little bit too much fat under the friend skin but that was beside me. The waffle was amaaaazing it had almost like a cinnamon-y taste to it. The waffle had a huge glob of butter on it which was not too pleasing to me since I am not a huge fan of butter but taking it off and putting it to the side of my plate was no problem at all. The kool-aid in the mason jars are super cute and unique and I definitely want to go back to try all of the other kool-aid flavors.
4	The Chicken and Waffles really hit the spot.  A great place to go to with generous portions and plenty of coffee.  The service was pretty good too.
5	Best PhatAss Chicken Sammich eva! Kool-Aid on tap. I rave about this place, definitely in my top must eats
4	Had a really great lunch here.  The place was really busy, but service was still pretty fast.  The food portions are GIGANTIC and you can't leave this place hungry.  Prices are in line with the quality and huge portions.The fried chicken is excellent, as was the cheese and grits.
3	Great food! I would have given a 5 stars but the table, chairs, bathroom and one of our cool aid mugs was dirty. I will still come to this place though.
4	Really good food here. Excellent Fried Chicken and Collards. The corn bread rocks too. Lovely friendly owners. The food comes out fast. Be clear and ask for white meat if you want it. For the price of a 3pc meal, I feel that at least one piece of white meat should be included. Its hit and miss here. Some days yes some days no. So ask.
4	4.5 stars. I grew up in LA and have never gone to Roscoes (OG chicken and waffles place in Los Angeles).  I like chicken and I like waffles.  Not sure why I never went but one day I will.  Here in AZ we have Lo-Lo's.  Tons of great reviews and an endorsement by Charles Barkley was good enough for me.  A chicken and waffle meal was definitely going to happen on this trip.  This morning it did!We cruised into the place around 10:00am and there were a couple of people already grubbing down.  We were greeted by a nice gentlemen named Carl.  He told us to grab a seat wherever we wanted and that he would be over in a minute.  He cruised by and got us started with our drinks.  I ordered myself a Red Kool Aid..my wife got water.  Carl brought back our drinks in these huge mason jars.  I was impressed.  They freaking have Kool Aid on tap here.  How cool is that?  I started to drink my "Red Drank"...it was delicious!  Super duper sweet but I am down with that.  It was refreshing.  Haven't had Kool Aid that good since my grandma used to make it when I was a kid.  Between Kool Aid and Tang, my grandma knew how to mix up the powdered beverages.  Anyways.......  We placed our order with Carl soon after.  My wife and I both decided to get the Number 5...the Sheedahs Special.  Its one waffle, one breast and one wing.  We also got a side of collard greens.  Less than 10 minutes later our food was up.  Here is how everything tasted.....................Waffle-  Large waffle with a huge dollop of butter on top.  It came with a little thing of syrup too.  I noticed right away that the waffle was pretty soft.  I prefer my waffles to have a little crisp when I bite into them and this one did not.  It still was pretty damn good though.  It held the butter and syrup well and I ate the whole thing.  You could sense a hint of cinnamon and something else in it...maybe vanilla?  I couldn't pinpoint it.  It did its job though.Fried Chicken-  I got hooked up because my wife gave me her wing so I had 2 wings and a breast.  The coating is a light breading.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, crunchy outside, moist inside.  It was some damn good chicken!  By far the best part of the meal.Collard Greens-  These were just alright.  I've only had them once or twice before and unfortunately I liked them better the previous times.  I tried to power through most of these but left some uneaten.  I would not get them again.Overall this place was great!  Carl provided great service and was genuinely friendly and cared about what we thought of the food.  He was on top of everything and made our meal enjoyable.  It was damn near perfect!  A little crunch/crisp on the waffle and we have ourselves a perfect meal.  The chicken was on point and the Kool Aid was great.  I will definitely be back on future visits to AZ!
4	Pretty much the only soul food in the stucco landscape of Scottsdale. The service and food is spot on for all things southern. Red velvet cake and grape koolaid are available here too. If you want some serious southern food, head to Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe (Lolo's grandma is Mrs. White). Love the pork chops and black eye peas! Both of these places are a local treasure!
4	Grew up in L.A. Been to Roscoe's a ton of times and had more than my share of Chicken and Waffles. I've been to LoLo's several times and will go back again for sure. Best I've had in AZ for sure! Chicken is excellent, collars greens are top notch, corn bread is phenominal and anywhere with Kool-Aid ON TAP deserves a visit! Very, very good overall...but it could easily be AMAZING!I wanted sooooooo badly to give this place 5 stars...I am a soul food junkie!!! But I just couldn't do it. Food quality is great and the staff is friendly...but the prices are pretty high. With just myself and my 8y/o son:$45+. Also, I was sadly disappointed with the waffles. They are flat and often come out luke-warm. A "Chicken and WAFFLES" spot should not have that problem. Last but not least, the Mac'N'Cheese was bland and average at best. As I said, LoLo's deserve a visit for sure...great grub without a doubt! Just bring your wallet.
4	Having grown up in the south, I was anxious to try Lo-Lo's and was so glad that I did.  Our visit was on Friday evening around 6 pm, and although the dining area was full, our wait was only about 20 minutes.  All the servers were busy workers, very friendly and helpful, which is one of my main criteria for returning, no matter the quality of the food.  I was impressed first by the chicken.  It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, and even better, tasted just like the southern fried chicken I grew up eating.  The mac and cheese, though not gourmet, was also the familiar mac and cheese of my youth.  The rice and gravy, which had a bit of  a zip to it,  was good, and the banana pudding, although not as creamy as I make, tasted like the best homemade banana pudding out there.  The only thing that was not to my liking were the collared greens.  The taste was good but they were served more at room temperature, not hot.  I will definitely  go back to try more of the comfort foods I grew up eating!
3	A bit over-hyped but very tasty! The chicken is fantastic and I love the selection of cool-aid. Waffles are the thin type. Very good. Service isn't great when it's packed though, the waitresses get rude when they are pressured. So go during the off-times!
3	Surprised on why this place is rated so high.  We had the betty boop and the biscuits and gravy.  The things I liked about the dish weren't even the main stars.  My side of bacon was cooked perfectly.  The chicken and waffles...ok.  Biscuits and gravy...ok.  I got some scrambled eggs and those were cooked perfectly.  Guess I'll go back for eggs and bacon!
4	Thank God this place is not closer to our home.  That would be dangerous to our health.  Chicken is fried to perfection....crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  The same is true of the waffles.  Great food at at great price.
5	I met Lo-Lo for the first time this weekend and boy was she beautiful. I can't stop thinking about her golden brown hair and her soft butter lips which tasted ever so sweet. It's a shame she lives 5 hours away. She promised to bake me some of her delicious cornbread the next time we meet. Mmmhmm.
4	Lo-Lo's is a nice experience in southern cooking without leaving Phoenix. You can see why everyone raves about the place.Three of us came here for breakfast last week and really enjoyed ourselves.  The only drawback was that we arrived at 8:15am. Yelp had the opening listed incorrectly as 7 am.  Lo-Lo's  OPENS AT 9 AM! I have posted a updated photo, with the correct times from the front door.We ordered two coffees and a iced "fruit punch" Kool-Aid for $3.00 each to start. I had the #8 Betty Boop for $8.00. It comes with one piece of southern fried chicken breast, along with a plate covering waffle. It wasn't bad, but mine was a little mushy and didn't stand up well to the syrup. As for the chicken, I regret that it was somewhat dry and not juicy. The smashed sides of two sausage paddies for $2.00 was great and it had a nice flavor.  I would come back just for the smashed sausages and Kool-Aid anytime!My two friends ordered the #14 CJ's, which is one waffle, one egg, and a small bowl of grits for only $6.00 (a steal); and the #11 Kimbo for $7.00, which is two giant waffles. My friend reported that his waffles were cooked longer and they looked golden brown. Spending some time in the south, I really miss having Grits. Oatmeal is not the same thing. The Grits at Lo-Lo's are very good. If you have never tried them before, Lo-Lo's would be a good introduction. But skip the cheese on top. The best I've ever enjoyed came with small pieces of bacon in it. Yum! Now, which way is the Mayo Clinic? LOLOur bill for three including taxes, but before gratuities ran us $34.86. Overall the food and service was very good. I would say Three and Half Stars good, rounding up to Four.
5	Oh, glory be! I cannot get enough of Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles! I always order the Betty Boop and also usually only order water. I love their sweet tea and Kool-aid, but in an effort to eat there more often without my body wigging out, I try to refrain from overdoing it. I also love the mac and cheese and we often order a side to share. Mm. Highly recommend this location for out of town guests.
5	Went Saturday morning with the whole family.   Excellent food!  Loved the waffles with pecans, the gizzards and most importantly, the fried chicken!  Server was great very personable and friendly.  Amazed me he took the order from a table of 6, did not write anything down and everything came back as ordered!  Wish they had a location closer to Gilbert.
2	As usual, the collard greens were hit or miss. And this time was another "miss". Waaayyy too peppery! Also as usual, the side dishes for one of the guests in my party didn't come out until after THREE requests for them...and probably 15 minutes after chicken & waffles came out. The waffles were underdone. Finally, as usual, the service was spotty.
3	After being told numerous times that a visit to Lo-Lo's was a must, I ate there for the first time last Saturday.  The restaurant was 3/4er's full at 3:00pm.  We were seated immediately by a very pleasant hostess.The chicken was good albeit slightly dried out and the waffles were just OK; I've had better (try Perk in Scottsdale).  Of note was that our side order of grits was terrific and some of the best I've had; melt in your mouth good.  My wife loved the sweet tea.Service was mixed.  Our order was taken promptly.  However, I had ordered a diet drink and after a reminder, the server finally brought it halfway through the meal.  No refills were offered on the water or drinks.  Had to request the check.    Will give them another opportunity due to the other interesting menu options and the grits.
5	This place is heaven on Earth. Best fried chicken I have ever had hands down. Also, I've always recieved wonderful customer service from all of the staff at Lo-Lo's. Everyone is always smiling and happy, and I can tell they enjoy working there. Everything I have tried from here is more than delicious! Their mac n' cheese is the bomb. Their corn bread is spongy, sweet and perfect. Buttered corn is good. Smothered potatoes- delicious. The chicken and waffles is to die for. If you have not been here yet, GO NOW! :) I love love love this place, and so do the friends and family I have introduced to it.
5	One of my favorite spots in the valley. Love the waffles and the cornbread is fantastic. I'm not even a fan of grits, but I order them almost every time I go here. The staff is very helpful and friendly. They come and chatted with us and gave us some recommendations. Not a big fan of the kool-aid, but other than that, everything I've tried has been great.
5	Whenever I go down to Arizona to visit my brother I make sure to go to Lo-Lo's!I'm so glad that he brought me and my mom here, it's delicious.The chicken has always been crunchy on the outside and warm and moist on the inside. Service depends on who your server is. Once in a while we'll get someone who is inattentive but there I remember a really young bus boy who was really motivated to work. And another server was really prompt and kind. But, they probably do need to work out a system to make it more efficient. A place to indulge in a classic!
5	OMG!!!!! OMG again!!!!  I found this place on Yelp.  I did a search for breakfast in Scottsdale and found LoLo's!!!  I live in California and I tell you!!! LoLo's BEATS Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles!!!  The portions are big and the chicken parts are of good size.  I ordered the three piece chicken (2 wings 1 leg) 1 waffle, 1 grits and egg and cheese!!  I ate some of my husbands collard greens and was in heaven when we left.  I want to go back to AZ just to go to LoLo's!!!!
5	If soul food is what you want then Lo Lo's is definitely the place to go. The down home food and the urban atmosphere are the main attractions. Although, I recommend the Scottsdale location, don't expect an upscale restaurant. You're going to find great food, very basic tables and chairs, decent service and a very relaxed atmosphere.  LoLo's takes me back to when I was a kid when I used to drink koolaid out of a mayonnaise jar! Yes, they serve Koolaid & other beverages out of big jars! It's great! ;) I've had The Catfish and The Chicken (both fried and the smothered chicken-shamefully) they were both Amazing! I've also had the collard greens, the macaroni and cheese (OMG! So Good!), green bean & red potatoes, sweet potatoes, rice and gravy. I must say Everything I've tried was Amazing!!!! If you've never had it ,you must give it a try! Don't be scuured! Lol the crowd is very diverse!  There has been a wait most times I've gone. However, the food is definitely worth the wait! Don't plan on sticking to your diet! I sure couldn't ....but, they do have salads. But, what's the use in going to a soul food restaurant if you Don't Experience The Soul Food?! When you go let me know how it was!
5	5-Stars for the best Soul Food in the Valley!I'm from the Deep South (Mississippi), and I've been craving soul food for years, so when a group of friends suggested we eat at Lo Lo's yesterday, I couldn't say no!The Lo Lo's in Scottsdale is a nice, open restaurant that was VERY crowded at 2PM on Saturday afternoon.  Every group had a wait of at least 20 minutes.  I had the special which included two pieces of fried chicken - a breast and a wing - a waffle with syrup and I ordered a side of cheese grits.First, the waffle.  No one at waffles with fried chicken in Mississippi.  I think this soul food extension is an invention of Chicago, though I may be wrong.  The waffle was tasty, but nothing spectacular.  It was aight.The chicken, though, was by far the best damned fried chicken I've had since I ate at a family-owned Cajun fried chicken place in Gonzales, Louisiana 15 years ago.  It was THAT good.  Generous pieces.  Fried to perfection.The grits: these were REAL grits.  Not instant.  The good stuff.  The kind that takes a good while to cook.  It was perfect.  Man, I haven't had honest good grits in more than 15 years.  We'll be going back to Lo Los just because of grits if nothing else (though I really want more chicken).Everyone's drinks came in gigantic glass mayonnaise jars.  Not too many of us needed refills.  A friend ordered fruit punch kool-aid (which they have ON TAP).  I could SMELL his kool aid from across the table.  He sad it was so strong, he probably went home with diabetes.  :D  They don't fool around with their kool-aid.Service was fantastic.  Our waiter had an awesome shirt that said "Scottsdale, but Hood forever"  lolWe'll be going back as soon as we recover.  :D
4	I think if I were on death row, I would request Lolo's chicken and waffles and blue Kool aid for my last meal.I don't come here often. But when I want to indulge in some excellent, crispy and not greasy, fried chicken and a sweet waffle, I run to Lolo's. It's so good. Be prepared to go into a food coma after your meal, so I don't recommend for a work lunch. More Sunday brunch where you can go home after and take a nap :)Service has always been friendly and our food comes out fast.My only gripes are that the wait is very long, which wouldn't necessarily be a problem but I feel like it's disorganized. There was a large table open for a while and we didn't understand why we weren't just seated there. The hostess was frazzled and confused.I also think it's a bit overpriced. I wanted to try the hot wings until I saw that it was $12 for only 6! Really? That should be $7 tops.And, I don't think the AC was working in the bathroom today. It was like walking into a sauna!So, gripes aside, I love the food. Period. But I try not to come more than once every 3 months...I think that's how long it takes my body to digest a meal here.
3	Chicken 5 stars, service 1 star.Best chicken I've ever had in AZ!  I ordered the Betty Boop, a breast of chicken and a waffle. The waffle, was meh, reminded me of an eggo waffle, and the breast was amazing especially with Lo-Los hot sauce, chicken on the bone!!!The nicest thing I can say about the service is that it was unusual.  I was with a group of five and we got seated at a table normally fit for four.  We decided to move to a more suitable table.  Our waiter was friendly and took our drink orders. When he dropped off our drinks he lost track of what was diet coke and was dr pepper and had us do a taste test, no big deal, just kind of funny. We received our food quickly.  We didn't realize it when we went to Lo-Los, but apparently a group of five is considered a "big group", requiring a mandatory 18% tip and Lo-Los would not split our checks separately.  It took approximately 20 minutes after we finished eating to receive our check. We went to the cash register to pay our bill they let us split the bill and put it on 2 cards, unfortunately the cashier charged us for the wrong amount ($20 more than our bill) we informed the cashier of this and she took our cards back and said she credited the amount and charged the correct amount.  So overall I was charged $64 dollars for a piece chicken and a waffle, still waiting for the credit to appear on my bank statement. This place was a little disappointing.
5	Have you ever had food so good you wish you could just put it in a blender and then had it put in to an IV so you could just have a constant supply of it running through your bloodstream?I have. It happened at Lolo's. I don't use the word "synergy" often, because anyone who does should be punched in the face, but I'm telling you that chicken & waffles equals more than just the sum of their parts. It's basically a religious experience.Also the chili cheese friends are amazing and the mac n cheese is the most velveeta-y mac n cheese i've ever had.not only would i recommend friends eat here, but i think it would be morally acceptable to force you friends to eat here. you should be allowed to use any force necessary to make sure friends and loved ones eat here.
4	This was my first time having chicken and waffles together and I liked the combination very much.  I had the KK which was 3 pcs of southern fried chicken (I had the breast, wing and leg), 2 waffles, grits, 2 eggs with cheese & onions.  I also wanted to try their cornbread so the wife and I ordered one to share.  Oh and got my Drank on with the "red".  The eggs were REALLY good with the cheese & onions.  i could eat a plate of those all day long.  The grits I didn't care for.  Lo-Lo's made the grits the way they ought to be made.  This was my first time having grits in my life (I'm 42) and I didn't care for the texture or all of the butter it comes with.  I know that's how grits are supposed to be made.  This is nothing against Lo-Lo's in this dept. at all.  I'm just not a fan of grits.  The chicken was delicious but I was hoping for a more crispy crunch to the skin but again, I would order their chicken again.  it was flavorful.  The waffle was OK.  I like my waffle crispy and with some malt or vanilla flavor to it, but when you're eating chicken and waffles, the waffle is not supposed to be gourmet.  The corm muffin was AWESOME!!!!  I could 2 or 3 of those with a plate of those cheesy onion eggs and I would be a very happy camper.  Wash that down with some red Drank and you got something going.  The only bad part about breakfast this morning was I didn't have room for their banana pudding that looked amazing,  i guess that gives me a good reason to come back.  And I will...and you should too.P.S. The service was top notch.  I wish I got the name of the gentleman that waited on us because he was the fantastic.  He took 5 orders, sides and drinks, didn't write any of it down and got all of the orders right and kept our glasses full.  You young man were the bomb diggity.
5	Went there with the hubby and 3 friends for breakfast yesterday and was very impressed. The restaurant was busy and active and the ambience was very diner-friendly. We had a waiter who was really friendly and a lot of fun, making us laugh and really being social. He really impressed us all with his ability to memorize everyone's orders and not have to write any of it down! He was awesome and we left him a pretty good tip.Our food was really delicious. Everyone in our party liked what they ordered and one of our friends took the rest of their's home for later. I had the Lil' Jay, which featured a waffle and cheesy eggs and added a chicken breast to my order. Had ice cold Grape Kool Aid with it. My order was absolutely delicious and very tasty! Perfect amount of food for me and I came away feeling satisfied and content. It was a good meal choice to begin the day with and I was still full when I went to the Diamondbacks game later on.I recommend this restaurant to anyone in search of something different.
5	This place is so consistent without fail. I come here to have brunch with my fam, before we head back to San Diego. We're here strictly for the fried chicken and waffles. The fried chicken is so delish and always, always, always juicy. I can't complain about this place and can't dock a star for it because we always love dropping by here.The staff is efficient and friendly. Service for food is pretty quick. But, then again, we're always here when it opens. Gotta love me so LoLos whenever we're in town. I'll even take some to go, thank you very much!
5	Can I just say Lo-Lo's, you complete me!! Seriously love this place! I could probably have chicken and waffles for breakfast, lunch and dinner if my arteries and waistline would allow it! But that's why coming here is a treat, true soul food!Chicken is full of flavor and moist and sits right on a perfect golden waffle! I`m also a fan of their Red Drank which is so refreshing especially for summer!!Love me some Lo-Lo's!!
5	The food and the service are the best! Seriously, the nicest wait staff & the best damn food you'll ever have. They also happen to play my life's soundtrack. Best music ever.
2	The food here is top notch, don't know where to find better chicken and waffles. I keep coming back, but there's something wrong when I have bad service over half the time.I don't know what the deal is, but on more than one occasion we've had unpleasant waiters/waitresses. I don't ask for much at restaurants, but reflling water or asking for a couple more minutes to look at the menu should not warrant a skank face. Maybe the serving staff had a bad day... multiple times... during the same week...Eh, who knows. I guess that makes it a "legitimate" Southern experience, but regions don't excuse poor service. I suggest going for the classic combo, but don't be surprised if things go south from there...
5	This is the best restaurant in the state . . . maybe the world.Get the Swate Tay (sweet tea) and the "Lolos" (i think it's #3). The fried catfish is great too. Everything is great. They play gospel music on Sundays yayyuhhh
3	Just to make sure I didn't hit them on an off day, I tried this place again.  Unfortunately, I just confirmed everything I wrote in the first review.  They're really just not very good.  Sorry Lo-Lo's.
5	This is my wife's favorite Resturant.  I really like it, but she absolutely loves it!There is no way that either of us could finish a meal at Lolo's, so we team up on one of these delicious meals. Chicken & Waffles with eggs and grits! What a feast!I love the kool-aide! Go for the Grape, you will enjoy the ice cold "mason jar" ... It's huge AND you get free refills.If the food is great (and it is) then the service is even greater... Seriously great attitudes flow is this wonderful eatery!
4	I am just a old country boy lookin for "Moms" cooking.. I found it here.. I ordered Gizzards. Beel looking for good Gizzards and I found them.. Cut with a fork tender and no Grit... better than "Moms"  WOW!!! great gizzards.  Thanks
4	First experience was good. Gotta try this one
5	Incredibly friendly staff and the food was yummy. I like the vibe at the original Lo-Lo's but the staff here make it worth coming here instead. Did not have the same experience at the one downtown with the hostess. She was not the hostess with the mostess. Food great at both locations.
4	Love this place ! Food is great and on point . Place is very busy and interactive . Good service and I also like how one of the servers could memorize the order without having to write anything Down . Only thing I dnt like is the front desk Hispanic girl. She's not very polite and gave my friend a dirty look  without any reasoning . Just rude .
4	It is certainly an interesting combination. I thought my friend was joking when he brought up Lo-Lo's, so we went there immediately for proof of life and I ordered a typical chicken/waffle dish. I went to work on it, pretending to be civilized as I mauled the chicken. Feeling like a King of the round table I was rapidly inhaling pancakes. I forgot  whether we were at breakfast or dinner, but either way it hit the spot for both moods. My stomach left slightly confused, perhaps due to a record eating pace. I will definitely be going back here, trying to squeeze in that quarterly visit.
5	I'm from LA and have had "Chicken & Waffles" at a local, well known chain a number of times.  Let me tell you, LoLo's is the winner hands down.The service was great & friendly.  Our server was spot on, checking on us just the right amount.I had the Waffle & Breast.  This breast was a full, meaty, delicious breast.  The waffle,mmmm delish!  The Mac N Cheese: Cheesy and plentiful.My husband ordered up a Breakfast Combo Plate which included grits.  Large portion, delicious food.They have 4 Kool-aid flavors on tap!  LoLo's, come to LA (Inland Empire)!!!
1	Food was  ok, I mean how can you mess up fried anything, was there tonight on a slow Monday and the service was terrible.  Seated right away, was rushed to order something, food brought out and NEVER asked again if we needed anything else. Not a do need a refill or even asked if we wanted desert. Had to wait around forever to get a togo box. The waiter, who on the receipt said he was the manager, even brought the bill before we were done. Never going to this place again.
4	last time there...pretty good. greens not as sweet as usual. Chicken and fish wonderful as usual. staff pleasant, prompt and great with re fills. Great sides overall. sweet potatoes, fries, mac and cheese always ummy.
3	Great customer service and good food
1	Wow what a waste of my time! I can't believe we waited over 45 minutes for just OVER cooked fried chicken and waffles. After waiting for that amount of time I thought we were for sure getting chicken straight from the deep fryer but when it came out it looks like its been waiting under the heat light for 3 hours or so. The wait staff is horrible, they don't know time management everyone is slow. My boyfriend and I will Never go here again and we recommend you don't as well!
3	this last visit was ok..had the cod..but it was stinky and tough...very disappointed...not as well prepared or same quality as last visit. Greens and other sides are great as usual although they have removed some of the sweetness from the greens. Love the fried chicken and it is always good.  Need to work on that fish.
3	Made a visit because we saw it on tv but ended up being disappointed. The catfish was average and the Mac n cheese bland. Too scoops of butter on my mini bowl of grits wasn't needed. Drinks were good although the menu was offensive "drank"???? Will not visit again.
5	Awesome place, First time in Phoenix and while my cousin was at work i decided to ride around the Scottsdale area, i was about to do a u turn to go to Panda Express when i seen something that say chicken and waffles so u know i had to check this out solo, i walk in and was very amaze in what i seen, almost immediately i notice the majority of the staff was black and it reminded me of home back in New Orleans, no complaints at all.  Anyway they ask me if the bar is cool i was like yes, when they ask me for a kool aid i was like no way, she show me the kool aid and i was wow fa real!! i receive a glass jar of kool aid. all smiles i got the number 3 i believe its call Lo's Lo's with 3pc and 2 waffles, now let me tell you i been to Roscoe's in Cali and Gladys Knights in Atlanta, and Gladys Knights got nothing on this, no disrespect ATL. the waffles taste just like Roscoe's waffles so u already know. I wore a waffle house t-shirt inside the store and trust me i will not be wearing that shirt in Lo's Lo's ever again. great place and the waitress showed me love with the flyer for her husband that cuts hair, appreciate the love. Lo's Lo's has my vote.Cool BreezeJeffNew Orleans 08/16/2013
1	Not happy! Burned food and very unpleasant to deal with. I felt out of place and would not go back.
4	Great fried chicken. Don't plan on doing anything after though because it will give you a serious case of the idis.
2	I came here with an open mind.  I typically stick to breakfast or dinner so the idea of chicken and waffles was not appealing to me.  That being said, I am adventurous with food so I thought I would give it a try.  I was not impressed.  I would say the first "foul" was that the waitress accidentally tipped the coffee pot she was holding and spilled hot coffee all over my shoulder and dress.  I was not event offered a free cup of coffee!  This burned my skin and stained my dress.  Well,  I let this go.  The food was ok; nothing special and not what I had expected.  The chicken was dry and the waffles were bland.  Also, I only like real maple syrup so the sticky, pure sugar was extremely gross.  We had a group of 7 and the waitress REFUSED to split our check 7 ways.  She kept throwing out 18% gratuity which only told us that she cared more about being able to charge us more than giving us what we needed as customers.  Overall, the customer service was really awful and will keep me from ever returning here!
4	This was my first trip to Lo-Lo's and I'm now officially a fan. I had the mix and match that consisted of a fried chicken breast, a fried strip of catfish, a waffle, and some Mac'N Cheese. Both the chicken and catfish were moist on the inside and crispy on the out. The mac was creamy and fresh and the waffle had a hint of cinnamon. I will definitely be going back to try some other menu items. Oh, and they have Kool-Aid on tap if you have the need...
5	As good as it gets is right! I always enjoy visiting Scottsdale, Arizona and stopping at Lo-Lo's. There is never no waits. Their employees are very friendly. The food is amazing. I ordered the Tre-Tre with two pieces of chicken with a golden waffle and flushed it down with Kool-Aid in a mason jar. It's was fantastic! Can't wait for Spring Training to start so I can make my way back to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.
5	If they had 10 stars i would give them 10 stars!! First and foremost the young lady who answered the phone was so nice a pleasant, i couldn't wait to meet her in person when i picked up my food, she was great! My sister was craving some stick to ribs type of food and mentioned fried chicken and i was all over it!! I was a little on the fence about how good this soul food was going to be in AZ (sorry not judging the area but Im from the east coast) So we ordered the Lo-Lo special, corn bread, collard greens, mac and cheese and lemonade!!! The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned and nice crispy skin, corn bread muffins were so delicious collard greens they got just right, holy mac and cheeesssee. Reasonable prices and clean!
4	What a tourist find for Sat morning breakfast! Fried chicken was deelish and had it's own unique taste. Their chciken legs were huge! And the biscuits and gravy were awesome. What a down home combo!!
4	My chicken breast was slightly dry, but it was still delicious!!!  The waffle was a bit to the touch, but I really liked the cinnamon flavor.My dinner date's chicken thighs were juicy & delicious.  The sides: mac & cheese and collards were flavorful, but after seeing the next table order beans & rice, I am definitely going to try all the other side dishes for my next visits.Their service was the best part of the meal! Every server offered that southern hospitality charm, and the manager walked around to check up on each table - first class!!
5	You have to try the kool salad is huge and really good but you can't go to LOLO and not try at least one piece of chicken is well done and good size pieces. ohh n of course you got get koolaid.
3	First time at this location, we always dine in at the downtown Lolo's.  Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and food came out in a timely manner. A little disappointed with the food though. Everything was bland/no seasoning, grits, eggs, and collard greens :(
4	This isn't the best chicken and waffles I've had but it's pretty good. I've been twice and both times have gotten the 2 pieces of chicken with waffles. It's pretty cheap, the waffles are thin and sweet, and the chicken has been fresh both times I've been here. The corn muffins are definitely a must add on.As a mac and cheese connoisseur I thought that a $4 side of mac and cheese was going to be AMAZING but instead it was the only thing that I didn't like about our meal - one reviewer mentioned that it was like Kraft but Kraft is honestly better. This was very bland and a tiny portion (again considering the hefty price tag).I haven't tried the drank but I've heard it's delicious from multiple people so you should try it if you're a Kool-Aid fan.
4	I lalalalooooooove Lolo's!! I always get the Tre-Tre's with a side of Mac n' Chs and it hasn't disappointed ONCE!The service is confusing, I'm never really sure who to tip, it seems like I have multiple servers each time I go! Try not to go around lunchtime on a Sunday if you don't want to wait forever..
5	When it comes to flavor, you can't beat Lo-Lo's in comparison to the others.  Some of the staff are cordial and interact, some...not so much, but everyone working there is having a good time.  I got the Number 1, washed it down with blue Kool-Aid and it was awesome.  My chick got the Betty Boop, and we were both very happy.  I don't typically choose to eat food that has been fried, but i'll make the exception for Lo-Lo's.
5	First time here. Excellent attentive service, huge portions, and awesome tasting food. Can't wait to come back again!!!
4	I ate lunch here a few weeks ago and it was a nice change from the food you usually find here in AZ. The Kool-Aid and Tea served in Mason Jars was pretty need. I had the chicken tenders and waffle combo and to my surprise, I liked it! The service was good, not great, but good. Portions were large and the food was good quality. I will eat there again for sure.
4	Lolo's is a local soul-food joint where you'd find all your AZ professional athletes from the Cardinals and the Suns eating here while reminiscing their childhood and talking about their nana's cooking! Or so I assume... haha. But it is an authentic Southern style fried chicken and waffle place. Their chicken are not like that of Church's or Popeyes where they deep fry their chicken. Lolo's lightly bread and pan fry their chicken in a shallow oil and the result is that crispy yet chewy texture on the skin. Wonderfully seasoned and almost caramelized on the outside, it is just dang good chicken! Their waffles are thin and dipped in their maple syrup, it's delicious!Menu is straight forward an self explanatory.  You can add more parts of the chicken from their a-la-carte menu if you feel like that order with two wings and a waffle is too dainty for ya!  :)  Service is VERY friendly and sometimes too good!  This last time I was there, three different servers came around alternatively asking "Is everything ok with you guys here?"  That last time one server asked, I almost felt like saying "Do we look like we're not ok?"  LOL  But it's all good.  They take good care of their customers and make you feel at home!They have their original location in Phoenix on Central, but this location is more "inviting" for me and the neighborhood is not so sketchy if you get my drift...  :DFried chicken: excellent!Fries: so-so.  Could be crispierCheese grits: creamy, smooth, yummy.  Could use some more salt.Collard greens: not my thing, but if you're into it, go for it!Phat Azz Samich: Better than their burger.  Ask for the sauce on the side, cuz if you don't, you'll gonna need 10 napkins +!Kool-Aid:  C'mon now!  You gotta have their addictive drink!  I don't know what they do to it, but it's soooooooo delish!!  I don't wanna know how much sugar they put in it either!!  :)
3	I'm glad the restaurant is doing well for their sake but it can't be because of the chicken.   I've been there three times and found the fried chicken over-cooked and therefore dry and tough.  KFC is much much better.  And some of the help or managers have a take it or leave it attitude and seem maybe unhappy about something.    I am going to give it another try and order the salmon patties and maybe the catfish....  but no more fried chicken.
2	I am quite upset with my most recent visit to Lo Lo's. My review went from 5 stars back in May 2013 to 2 stars, the 2 stars are for the customer service only. When I first came to Lo Lo's in May of this year, the chicken was big and delicious. So My husband and I came back today and I think we got the Cornish Game Hen  order. I ordered 2 legs and 1 wing, as you can see on my picture, the legs are about 4 inches long and 2 inches wide. My husband ordered 3 wings and from tip to base it was about 5 inches long. For anyone that's a fan of Lo Lo's, the legs are about 6 inches long and 3-4 inches wide full of meat.I was clearly upset and I've told my colleagues and friends that goes to AZ for business and vacation of my recent visit to Lo Lo's and to watch out for my review.  My husband told me that we should go back to Lo Lo's before we go back to Los Angeles but I was too upset.
4	(Lyrics - Spice Girls - I Wannabe)LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantLoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantI wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna reallyReally, really want some Chicken & WafflesIf you want some cool-aid, get some on tapIf you wanna get some breakfast, better make it lastNow don't go wasting these pieces of chickenGet your appetite together, and we will be just fine.LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantLoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantI wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna reallyReally, really want some Chicken & WafflesLo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles has been around the Phoenix are for quite some times and has been a local favorite for many reasons.  Chicken and waffles? Yes, indeed it is a deadly combination!  If you ever need to carbo load I tell ya this is your place.  I generally can't eat a lot so I opt out on the sha-bang of 3 pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, grits, 2 eggs, and cheese.  Yeah tell me about it!  That's a lot of food!  Yummy though!  I go for the Shee-dah's Special; 1 breast, wing, and waffle.  Overall, I love it!  Nice succulent chicken and syrup induced waffles!  By god, what have you done to us!  I can't complain about obesity problems in America especially when you come to Lo-Lo's; instead embrace it haha!  I did indeed tried the Kool-Aid on tap.  Personally, I don't think I can handle so much sugar in a beverage!  Once you take a swig; you're thirsty for water!In the end, Lo-Lo's deliver what they say; Chicken & Waffles.  Service is real attentive and overall the food is a must try if you never had chicken & waffles! - Enjoy!
3	Maybe I had a bad batch. My chicken didn't seem fresh, nor did my waffle. Compared to Roscoe's, it is better. They try to copy here. I'll give it another try in a month
1	The food is good but the costumer service could use improvement. I have visited this location about 3 times and 2 of those times the waitress seemed like she didn't want to be there, we where given attitude and no one would refill our drinks. poor service Id recommend going to a different location.
4	This was my first visit and my very first venture into the culinary world of chicken and waffles. I do have to say I still haven't wrapped my palette or maybe my mind around the concept. One is a breakfast item primarily and the other a dinner main attraction. This lead me to start thinking..... Which came first the chicken or the egg? Well I'm thinkin the egg because the egg and waffle as a morning meal complement each other so much better then the chicken and waffle for dinner. The whole meal l kept thinking damn that Mac n cheese and cornbread at the next table look delish!!Ok so.... The review.... My friends started with fried okra it looked good but I'm not a fan in general. They neither complained or raved..... Shoulda asked.  The chicken was fried to a golden brown, moist, tender and very flavorful. I had the breast and could have eaten another. It wasn't large just average in size. ;-) The waffle was big but flat no rise to it (I am partial to the Belgian variety) flavor was good but just a waffle. I did try the various eating techniques, hot sauce on chicken with the waffle and syrup in one bit, then without the hot sauce next was one bite then the other, tried reverse order but nothing wowed me as a combo.... Still my eyes, mouth and stomach wandered to the table next to me... Cornbread Mac n cheese oh how I desire you.  The service very good friendly and attentive. The cakes looked amazing. But already had the sweet craving satisfied with the waffle. If you are a kool aid fan this is your place. However I saw no stained upper lips..... Very unusual  :-/I will be back for the more traditional southern fried chicken dinner. Mmm, Mmm, Mmm!!!
5	we do love the fried chicken and all sides there. we are always treated nicely and get prompt service. we do note that the sides are coming smaller dishes...hummm?we liked the larger containers thank you. miss that. still all good.
5	Absolutely loved this place and am only sad that it took me so long to try it! I got the chicken fingers with a waffle and a Kool-Aid. I love that you can get Kool-Aid in house as it's one of my favourite drinks from childhood. The waffle was absolutely delicious and HUGE and the chicken was very crispy and juicy. The corn bread was huge as well, and was really good. The service was also pretty fast and super friendly. If you have any love for rich Southern food, this place is definitely one to check out. I wish there was a closer location!
3	Lolo's is fine.  I've been a few times with friends.  The menu is unique and the portions are good.  A+ on selection.  The food is okay.  College kids love this place!
2	Sorry but Lo-Lo's is highly overrated. I don't know where to even begin with Lo-Lo's... I guess I will start by saying I will never be back! The food is OVERRATED. Anyone who can actually cook will tell you that their fried chicken isn't even close to die for. It's just average fried chicken. Their collard greens are garbage as well. The greens from Honeybears aren't even that good but those definitely trump Lo-Lo's. The Mac and Cheese sucks! I know I am not the only one who thinks that too. Serving sizes are not generous at all. And the price is way too expensive. The service is about as average as it gets. Maybe this is due to the fact that the servers are always so busy but most act like the could give two shits about their tip. The WAIT is horrendous. It's always at minimum a 35 minute wait for my party. Not to mention if anyone shows up who is consider a "somebody" they will usher them past everyone right to their table.Anyways, I hate to hate but the main reason that this place is so successful is because the have entered into a niche market in the valley. It's not because of their food, service, or management. Pros-lots of seating-great drinksCons-Service-Food-Wait times-atmosphere-Too expensive-overall unfriendly staff
5	Place is soooooo good. I love the kool aid, waffles, greens, and chicken. Wish I had room to try the red velvet cake but that never happens!
4	Ohhoho man, I love America.I gathered two of my other, uh, "rubenesque" ladies to try this place for the first time. I wanted almost everything on the menu, so the best option was obviously the Lolo's Famous SoulFood Platter. There are a few ways to get it, but I did mine with the chicken fried chicken smothered in sausage gravy white sausage gravy (loaded with "flavor" they say), mac & cheese, string beans and potatoes.Sure, I probably had more than my share of fat and salt for the week, but I enjoyed it! The chicken was the star, juicy and crispy, and there was so much sausage in the gravy, even I was stunned. The mac & cheese was good as well, so cheesy that I couldn't manage more than a couple bites (gotta save room for the chicken!). The green beans and potatoes were there to make me feel like I ordered a vegetable, but weren't very good, and the cornbread was dry.I tried a bite of my friend's waffle, and even though I've never cared for waffles, I enjoyed it.Despite what many reviewers noted as a lack of or just bad service, we were all happy with our waiter and didn't have to wait overly long for our food.
5	I am sold on the whole chicken and waffles thing!!!  I love LoLo's Chicken and waffles, they are by far the BEST southern food I have had.  I tried collards for the first time, on my most recent visit, fantastic!Way to go LoLo's!
5	Ok so I didn't get the actual fried chicken w/the waffle touching my plate. BUT, did get 2 pieces of the fried chicken. Superb - one of my new, guilty pleasures. NOTE: Wiped a good portion of my crusty hangover away too.Service was stellar also - came on a Sunday and they were packed! Very warm/comforting dining experience! Felt welcome here and like I was sitting in my gramma's kitchen. Left Lo-Lo's feelin' fat-n-sassy!
5	It's delicious.
5	Kool-Aid that is ice cold, Perfectly fried chicken and golden waffles...what more that one need in life??  This place was amazing!  I can not wait to go again!!
5	Awesomeness every thing I had was delicious. I definitely recommend this place!!!! I LOVE IT!
5	Always busy, and for good reason. The food is truly delicious comfort food. They have kool-aid!!! What?! The staff is always smiling and moves quick. Since discovering it, I will go no where else for my breakfast food (the grits are amazing)
2	I've been here before and had a somewhat better experience. This time not so much. As we watch everyone around us get there food, we waited for quite sometime before finally getting our food, only to find the chicken pieces are way to small. We repeatedly asked for drinks and the waiter only visited out table way too few times. I'm sorry I won't be coming back for a very long time.
5	This place exceeds the hype in my opinion. Great chicken and the best waffle I've ever had. I'm going again tomorrow.
2	This place is awesome with one terrible server. I don't remember her name but she was the worst server I've come across in years.  She brought out the wrong food, never came to refill drinks or ask how our food was. She never cleared our plates from the table when we were obviously done eating, just came by the table long enough to drop off the bill and left our dirty plates on the table.  I would've given this place four stars if the service was average. She was so bad I can only blame it on poor management and non-existent training.  Food was great and I liked the menu selection. Too bad the server ruined the experience. I am weary to try eating here again. Maybe the Phoenix location has better staff.
2	Lots of hype for nothing. I've had better waffles, chicken, grits, etc. elsewhere. The service and staff there were upbeat and fun. I'm glad I didn't have to wait. If you want to try it, go early for breakfast.
1	This place sucks! Horrible management!Horrible customer service!Came here for breakfast and ordered a Diet Pepsi with my breakfast.Shortly after ordering our server came back and said they were out of Diet Pepsi.Which sucks because I wanted one with my meal.I decided to go next door a grab a Diet Pepsi at Subway while we waited for our food to come out.Problem solved.... I thought!I returned with my drink and our food was still not out. About 2 minutes later a 'manager type' comes running over with a total bitchy attitude and gets all over me telling me "no outside drinks allowed". I try to tell her I only got this because your restaurant is OUT of Diet Pepsi. She didn't care and said I couldn't have it. She wouldn't even talk to me like a normal person. She was very rude and very worked up over a Diet Pepsi.These people have real horrible attitudes and seem to have a chip on their shoulder! She was horrible from the word go. She could have been nice about it but there was nothing nice about her! No trying to listen or help the customer.We decided to get up and leave.Do you know how many good restaurant choices there are in this area?!Way way too many to deal with this place and horrible manager who thinks she is working at some fine dining establishment!...............Nope... you are in a strip mall selling fried chicken!I got to AZ often....... but I will not go back to this place ever!
5	Great Chicken and Waffles, great servers! I love this place!  All the sides are great bumping Gospel on Sunday Hanging with with my bruh
5	Lived in the South for a bit and WOW... this place took me back!!!  Great REAL southern food and who could be dissatisfied with a place who will sell "Jar o drink" Koolaid in a mason jar.  I've been multiple times and will keep going back!  Great food and the atmosphere is right on.
3	This is the place to go when your looking to feel extremely full for a great price! Lo-Lo's has that Sunday-after-church feel and atmosphere. Its very jolly. The servers are all polite, and smile when they cross your path. If you don't like waiting, you should avoid going in Saturday & Sunday morning/afternoons. The location is grand, not even a mile away from Old Town Scottsdale! Inside, the place is tighty, and well kept. The wonderful smell of homemade waffles consumes the air overbearing the light smell of fried chicken... a perfect combination.The waffles are AMAZING! They seemed to be seasoned the LoLos way, with a hint of cinnamon, and deliciously served with warmed syrup. The chicken is good as well, but lacks flavor, and is a little dry. I normally order a Betty's Boob, and all 3 times I've felt as if my chicken could use a little seasoning. To improve the taste I normally order a side of gravy. You will not leave this place hungry! You absolutely get your money's worth, for both food and service. For a nice filling meal of delicious, waffles, chicken, grits & eggs, & a nice big jar of Kool Aid, THIS IS YOUR PLACE! Needless to say, even with all the competition food-places surrounding LoLo's, its always a food party up in there!
3	I lived all of life in the south until last year.  Good fried chicken is hard to find in Arizona.  It was good here.  I did not care for the salmon croquettes and the fried catfish was good but not great.  Sweet cornbread - oh so wrong.  We waited about 20 minutes to be seated.  Service was average, prices slightly high for what was being served. $14.00 for a veggie plate is overpriced, IMO.  Will I go back, yes.  Do I feel the need to drive an hour and a half to go back real soon, no.  Oh, if you are looking for sweet tea - they have it.  I ordered mine half & half (half sweet and half unsweetened and it was plenty sweet.
5	I got the betty boobs DD, two chicken breasts and a waffle and ordered an extra side of mac n cheese and literally everything I tried was the best I had ever had. It's amazing.
5	Hands down the best fried chicken, waffle, mac and cheese I've ever eaten. Completely exceeds whatever hype it has. I will definitely be back. Lolo's keep keeping on.
5	I eat here at least once a month and love it. Sometimes it is better then others but I am always full and happy when I leave. I only go on Sunday mornings because of the gospel music and to get waited on by one of the twin brothers.
3	It has become a Spring Training tradition to go to Lo-Lo's before heading down the street to Scottsdale Stadium to watch the Giants play. Been here twice now, once on a weekday and once on a weekend, and during the weekday you can walk right in and get a table but on the weekends be sure to expect a bit of a wait. Quality and flavor of food is really good. I'm very impressed by the batter of their waffles, I love the hint of cinnamon complemented by the delicious warm syrup. The fried chicken isn't necessarily the best I 've ever tried but it's still good. The menu offers a variety of options to have these two dishes plus one of their sides. Not a big fan of their mac and cheese or any of their other sides really. But I do like their cornbread a lot. My favorite part of this establishment though is the kool-aid on tap served in mason jars with the option to take some to-go. A very unique touch and also very nostalgic all at the same time.Staff is really nice, price is decent, definitely worth trying if you're in the area.
4	Two great tastes that go great together. Chicken and waffles. Listen health nuts or Lolo-virgins, stop grimacing a the instagram photos posted and try this place for yourself. You like fried chicken, and you like waffles so put them both together and try not to freak out. Very friendly service. Love the mason jar glasses and bottomless purple Kool-aid. We miss living nearby but always visit when we are in town. Also try the mac n cheese. Even the basic scrambled eggs are fluffy and delicious. Betty Boop. Betty Boop. Betty Boop. Trey Trey. Yep, that's our order. See for yourself.
5	Great food, great service, really friendly staff. We had to wait a bit but as expected for a Saturday afternoon.Very accommodating and very friendly environment. Definitely has the same quality as the downtown Phoenix location!
1	I didn't eat anything it was pricey looked yummy but i can't say for sure so I am giving it one star
4	You can't go wrong with Lo-Lo's. I've had a couple bad server experiences, which is my only reason for 4 stars. Beyond that Lo-Lo's always delivers in terms of food.  Worth a trip if you're visiting Phoenix.  It's not Roscoe's but it's also not an imitation.  With all of their kool-aid options they set themselves apart.  Wonderful restaurant.
3	If you want a heart attack on a plate then this is the place to go. The food is decent and I do have to say the biscuits and gravy and the fries are pretty yummy along with the salad which is the ONLY healthy option. The staff is friendly but the thing that gets me is they have plenty of high chairs for kiddos but NO kids menu or changing station in the bathrooms. Really? Makes no sence. If you like chicken and waffles and kook aid then I guess you'd like this place.
3	The Valley has a dearth of soul food, so I'm guessing that's the source of the hype for this place. It wasn't bad, I just found it underwhelming. I got the Lo-Lo, which is three pieces of chicken and two waffles. Chicken was ok, about what I could have made at home. Waffles were soggy. I went on a Tuesday afternoon, so no wait (I may have been slightly more annoyed if I waited an hour for soggy waffles and underseasoned chicken).
5	We love the food! The chicken was so tender and the waffles were JUST delicious! The banana pudding was just heaven! The service was very nice and kind. This is one of the most delicious places I've ever been to!
4	Food critics call Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles the best soul food restaurant in the Valley. Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles is owned by Larry "Lo-Lo" White, the grandson of Mrs. White, the owner of Phoenix landmark Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. Lo-Lo's is a celebrity favorite and has been frequented by guests including Muhammad Ali, Amare Stoudemire and Charles Barkley.There were lots of tasty options but I thought I'd stick to what they are known for...chicken and waffles! The chicken was pretty perfect. Slightly oily, crunchy, well seasoned, moist taste. I'm pretty picky when it comes to finding perfect fried chicken.  I mean I'll eat KFC or Popeye's or Raising Canes but very rarely do I find this chicken. And paired with the waffles, you just can't go wrong. I've had this classic southern duo before and there's nothing that compares to the mix of sweet, crunchy, hot and salty.  And I had to add a side of mac-n-cheese, which was also very creamy and delicious!Drinks are served in Mason jars and I got the kool-aid. I wasn't a fan of that, next time I'll get sweet tea.
5	Seriously,If this type of food wasn't bad for you, I would give 50 star. Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles is just awesome and tasty. Service is always quick and easy. There's nothing bad I can say about it, except the fact that I limit myself to only have Lo-Lo's once every 3 or 4 months. LOVE!
2	The hype was unmet, along with the expectations of juicy and flavorful fried chicken.  For the price I paid I was looking forward to at least better-than-average waffles and chicken, but neither hit the spot.  The chicken was dry, had a little too much breading, and needed more seasoning/spices.  The waffles were also dry, and no amount of syrup or butter helped.  I love fried chicken, skin and all, and to quote David Chang, "I could eat the worst fried chicken and love it," but I just wasn't impressed here.(1) The space itself was clean, spacious, and bright, (2) our server was friendly, (3) the Kool-Aid was refreshing, and (4) the mason jars in which the drinks are served were cool, but (5) as for the food itself - not worth it.
1	Went here with a party of 11 a few months ago for Sunday brunch. Yes, we were prepared for a long wait on a Sunday morning, but were excited when we were told the wait would be 15 minutes. It ended up taking over an hour and a half after the hostess admittedly seated another party of 11 before us. The frustrating part was that there were at least 5-6 tables free and they wouldn't push them together for us. We asked several times if we could split our party to make the wait shorter, and they insisted  we not do that. Things took a downward turn when the manager loudly and openly raised his voice with my stepdad in front of the entire restaurant. Really not cool. We won't be back.
5	crisp fried chicken, excellent waffles and my favorite , the greens. This is basic "soul" food. They have recently added a few more salads to the menu which means I can go there and not have to gain weight!!!!
2	For now I can only give this establishment 2 stars since I really don't know how a fried chicken joint can over cook a thigh. I can cook a thigh at home on my George Foreman grill without overcooking and drying it out, this place shouldn't have an excuse. Sides were also meh, I've had better at the local fried chicken joint in Dallas where its unlimited refills. The 2 things I enjoyed were the Kool-aid on tap and the breading/flavoring of the skin on the chicken. I may try this place again in the future, but for now I am pretty disappointed with my AZ fried chicken experience. Oh I almost forgot, their famous red velvet cake tasted dry and gritty, sorta like a cake made from a Betty Crocker box. Nobody in my party really liked it, on the plus side the waiter did apologize and comp the dessert from our tab and promised us this wasn't the norm for this cake.
3	The food is good, perhaps great, but the service is so piss-poor, that I feel offended every single time that I dine there.  Yet, I still keep coming back for the good food.  If I try to place an order over the phone, no one EVER picks up the line.  When we go there to dine, there is always an unbelievable wait, and the apathy on the part of the staff is offensive.  Often, certain items that are on the menu simply aren't available.  I have a love-hate relationship with Lolo's.  All soul food restaurants in Phoenix suffer from this same lack of professionalism.  It's a disgrace to our race and impedes us from entering into the mainstream.
4	Easter Sunday at 11am and we were prepared to wait quite a while. The host gave us an estimated time of 15 minutes and we were seated in less than 5. Our server (Matthew)  greeted us immediately and took our drink orders. We were served our meals within 10 minutes of placing our orders......so fast I almost got whiplash!I had the Betty Boob (fried chicken breast) and waffle, my daughter had the drumstick, a thigh, and a waffle. I'm not a huge waffle fan, but the waffle was crisp on the outside, tender on the inside, with a hint of cinnamon. My daughter stated the waffles weren't as good as Roscoes, but they were a close second.   The chicken was fried to perfection!!We ordered a few sides to share (okra was delicious, mac and cheese average). The sweet tea was sweeter than the syrup for the waffles, but if you like your tea sweet, it came in a huge mason jar for $3.  The service was excellent, great value for your money ($27 inc tax) for two huge meals with beverages, the restaurant was clean, food was good...can't ask for much more!
5	Had the Lil Amadi and it was delicious. Chicken was crispy and waffle had a great cinnamon taste. Also the drinks come in huge mason jars.
5	Amazing!  Soul food right in Scottsdale!  Love it!
2	The thing is, if you're well known for your food, I can understand a miscalculated wait time for a seat. If you're well reputable for your service and flavor, I can understand flies on the tables/bar, and employees eating while serving and busing tables without washing hands in between all three tasks. Sure it's a food safety violation and somewhat dirty practice but I'll look the other way. Why? because I've eaten some off of some of the dirtiest street food vendors in other countries and had a blast. So, what does this rant have to do with anything?A few days ago my cousin and I went to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles over on Thomas and Scottsdale for lunch. The host greeted me with a seemingly sincere smile, took my name, and informed me of a 30-35 minute wait for a table for the two of us. Sure, I don't mind waiting 30-35 minutes for a table to try some good chicken. So as we waited, we played some Brave Frontier on our phones because we're into that and all. at roughly 40 minutes into our wait, I had noticed people that arrived after us and had added their name to the list of waiting groups had been getting irritated with their waits (some had been seated already), and I vowed to inquire with the hostess if there was an update on our wait time, as it had been past the approximated wait time, after I finished my current level of the game on my phone. Since my phone is quite slow at this game, it took me nearly ten more minutes to finish my level. I walked up and before I could ask her anything her horror filled face revealed she had completely forgot or overlooked my cousin and I. I looked on the notepad and saw my name had already been crossed off. Whatever, things like this happen, that's why you ask nicely for an update. She immediately seated us at the bar. The bar was a nice coated wood, somewhat easy to clean, dark, and really deep. Deep enough so that I couldn't reach behind it, so around 4+ feet. I thought it was a nice way for my cousin and I to arrange for our large bodies and large orders of food to be presented as well as in reach for us to do all the hipster things like instagram, hashtag, snapchat, tweet and post pictures of our food and dranks in mason jars. On to the workers:I rarely post negative stuff online because it could be a fluke, a bad day, or some other misinterpreted account for why I had a negative experience at your restaurant. Perhaps your preps decided to not level the measuring cups, or round/accept 4.95 kilograms as ten kilograms, or your line cooks decided to slack off in cleaning stuff and there's leftover oils and spices from earlier. Whatever your reason is, I don't care. I know it happens in restaurants, let alone ones with food safety regulations clearly being violated in the front of house. What I do care about is if you touch everything from the butter scooper at the expo window and move the scoop of butter that has fallen on the muffin with your bare hands in front of me, when I know you didn't wash your hands after touching a bunch of other people's food, the counter, your apron, your shirt, and your pants. Oh well, I have a strong stomach.
4	Ate there last night and this was our first time at this location. Decoure and atmosphere aren't as neat as the phoenix location but the food and service was great. Had me some chicken and waffles with a side of grits, the Mrs. had the chicken strips and loved them, espcially the seasoned fries with ranch. I'm not a huge fan of the kool aid but got the blue kind last night and it was really good.You can never go wrong with a little (or a lot) of Lo Lo's!
5	Their food is great
5	This place was fabulous. The staff was funny, curteous, and prompt. Food was fantastic, and although I was too full for dessert, I took home a slice of red velvet cake. Best. Decision. Ever. The slice was huge and probably the most moist and delicious red velvet cake I've ever eaten. I will definitely be back when I visit Scottsdale again.
4	Food was pretty good, the fried chicken was very crispy and moist. The waffle was a great complement to the chicken but not anything too special. Service was extremely slow, i waited 15 minutes for someone to take my drink order and waited 30 for my food. 10 minutes for my bill to be taken... Don't go if you are on a time limit.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. The food is amazing, the vibe amd people are amazing. I come here as often as I can. The prices are reasonable for the large portions you get. 5 all the way.
5	Lo-Lo's is the standard for chicken and waffles in my book - it sets the benchmark for all other chicken and waffles. Today was my first visit ever to the establishment, and I was not disappointed. This is southern-style food full of love and lard, just the way it should be. I ordered the number eight, Betty's Boob (seriously) with a side of cheesy grits. The chicken was crispy and juicy, the waffle was great and not too sweet. My suggestion is to put some syrup on the waffle, get a piece of chicken and put a little hot sauce on top of it - the combination will blow you away. Sweet, salty, crispy and a little spicy, it is simply magical, no other way to put it. The grits were pretty fantastic too. I'm a southern girl and whenever I can find grits like this, I have to tell someone about it. Their grits game is on point. All of the other sides looked awesome too - next time I'm coming for the fried okra. Five stars for fantastic service and church music playing on Mother's Day. You go, Lo-Lo's!
5	I wish I could just say "It's Lo-Lo's!" and you'd understand that meant it was the best, but I guess at least one person hasn't been there yet (for some reason) so I'll expand. The menu is hilarious, the decor is adorable, and everyone who works there is polite and has a great sense of humor. It's soul food, solely for  your soul, foo(d). Everything is seasoned just right and cooked to perfection, and where else can you find at least four flavors of Kool-Aid on tap? (They even let you mix them.) Every time I go I get something different, and I've yet to be disappointed. I even like their takes on foods that I don't normally like at all. Definitely one of the best chain places I know of.
5	My hubby and I were craving fried chicken last night.  I searched this Yelp app and saw that LoLos had great reviews so we gave it a shot.  Even though we walked in just 15 minutes before closing time we were given the best service and they didn't make us feel rushed at all.  All the staff were very friendly.  We had the chicken & waffles, of course, and I added a side of mac & cheese to mine.  It was wonderful.  I'm from Texas and know my southern food...the chicken was southern fried just like my mom used to make when I was a kid.  The mac & cheese had little pieces of mushroom and it was amazing! I couldn't stop eating it.  I have to say the thing that surprised me the most was when I saw Kool-Aid on the menu! Kool-Aid! I haven't had that since I was a kid... my hubby and I had a huge glass of the fruit punch.  This place rocks! It had a nice family atmosphere where anyone would feel welcome.  It was a great nostalgic evening and, for a little while, I felt like I was down south again.  We will definitely be back to try more of their delicious offerings.
4	Lo-Lo's is the ultimate chicken and waffle spot..not only is the food good but the atmosphere is always upbeat..as you watch TV and listen to some music that will make you want to eat
1	Major disappointment. Chicken was nearly inedible. Thick layer of crust was oily and tasted ... well, oily. No spices, just the taste of oil; extremely dry and bland and I couldn't come close to finishing it. Not sure if it had been cooked a couple days earlier and just heated up or if the cooking oil needs to be changed more frequently. Whatever it was, this was just flat out lousy. They should be embarrassed. Waffle was a waffle, like every other waffle I've ever eaten. Nothing special. Service was not terrible but not good either. Guy sat us outside, I asked if he could take our drink order, he said "no, but I'll have someone out in 2 seconds". NOTE TO ALL:  2 seconds in LoLo time = 10+ minutes human time.
5	Having been here a few times, I have tried about everything on the menu. Everything is better than the last. The fried chicken/waffle thing is the BEST hangover cure in the universe. They have a beans/potatoes dish and mac and cheese to finish it off. The staff is not just attentive, they are INVOLVED. I have never gone there without having a deep conversation with one of their staff, often not my server. They are just social and upbeat.  They do limit you to two beers. Not that you need more. Just saying...
5	I picked up food for my hungry family.  It was our first visit, so we sampled everything, and everything was delicious.   No complaints, only raves.The service was wonderful, very friendly, helpful and efficient.  We will be back!
3	We were actually on our way to get some sushi and we spotted this place. We acted impulsive and decided to hit this spot instead. Now I'm a big fan of RC&W in Los Angeles and I've been to many of places that couldn't compare. We will see. I do like the look and they serve koo laid in a jar which is  pretty cool. We will see if they live up to what I expect. I mean I'm an avid chicken either, only because I was predisposed to loving chicken, being that I'm part African American n all :).Well amazing service. Not a long wait at all. Pretty good portions as well. The chicken legs were big, almost like they ordered them from an obese chicken farm.The taste wasn't as good as RC&W but it's not bad. The mac n cheese is good. Overall, not a bad place.
3	So I said to my friend I want to eat healthy , so we're on our way to sushi and we pass this joint , we immediately u turn and say we're just gonna look, 2 min later were ordering the lo lo special and the kk's dishNot too long after the food came right out I took a bite at the food in it was so tasty, the chicken was nice and big, collar greens n mac n cheese was perfect , I knew all of this was bad for me but I couldn't help eating bite after bite. With each bite I felt so bad... but so good 15 min later along with a 5 pound food baby I waddled my ass out of this place , lo lo's has satisfied my hunger , and my bowels will thank me later
4	It is 10:45 AM and I am hungry. I didn't have breakfast, it is too early for lunch and I am trying to decide whether I want to pull into a breakfast place or a lunch place, then I see the sign that says "Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles" !!. I go inside thinking  I will probably just order lunch but ........ waffles seem to come with most of the choices and besides I am in a Chicken and Waffle house so I order 2 drumsticks with waffles. The place is clean with friendly and happy looking staff. My food comes and I bite into the drumstick. It is lightly battered (not overly) and is a little crispy on the outside but tasty and juicy! The waffles are light and you get lots of butter and syrup! I have a bite of breakfast followed by a bite of lunch, this is still a strange combo but very tasty!! I leave thinking that will will come back again but, I am still confused, "Did I just have breakfast or was it really lunch?????"
5	My husband and I love this place! The staff are always incredibly sweet and personable. We barely make our way over here once every six months and they remember us every time! The food is always fresh and delicious. Even when they're crazy busy, you'll never have to wait to long and you'll leave full and happy.
5	Everything is delicious. The macaroni? To die for. Chicken? Fried to a delicious golden melt-in-your-mouth crisp. The waffles have a hint of cinnamon which for some reason I'm a huge fan of. The corn muffins-with a bit of butter and honey- are some of the most delicious (and biggest!) I've had since Sunday dinners with grandma as a child. Customer service was on point the first time, although the second time the waitress seemed to think that the large group I was in was all paying together and definitely took her time splitting the check.Go for a mix of blue raspberry koolaid and lemonade. Cuts the sugary bite in half nicely. Or, they're mixed drinks if you're feeling daring.
3	Lo-Lo's has been raved about by my friends for a long time, and they're very close to home. Took the kiddo this morning, and I have to say it was pretty okay. The waffles were room temp (the butter wasn't even melting), and my chicken was a little overdone. BUT around the overcooked bits, it was very tasty, and the fried okra was just right. The wait staff was super friendly and the price was right. I took half a star for the overfried chix and half because they don't have a changing table in the restroom (they're less than $200, and there was plenty of wall space). We'll definitely be going back, though, my soul food craving stomach will always be satisfied here!
4	Food is good. Excellent waffles! I'm not a huge chicken on the bone fan, but theirs is decent. Always good service. Parking is a pain and they don't take RSVPs so expect to wait.
4	Chicken was fun. I love chicken. I tried their number 2. A peppery sauce. I didn't like their biscuit and gravy. Biscuit was more sweet than buttery. Service was great.
4	This was my first time here. I was kind of skeptical at first since I've never tried chicken with waffles but it was a delicious combination of flavors. I had them add whipped cream and strawberries on top of my waffles. Had a jar of sweet tea which for me was the perfect cool sweet beverage needed while taking a break from the Arizona heat. Lastly, the waitress was great. She had a friendly personality and she made the experience much more enjoyable.
1	Terrible experience, didn't even get to sit down.Walked in and the hostess wanted to seat us at a table in the middle of the busy dining room. I asked to be seated one table over which was more out of the way. I was quickly told that table was not available because the waitress was on break. When we questioned her, she replied, "Oh, I'm not kidding! See all those other tables, those are hers, too. I can't seat you there either. See? She's on break right over there."We were incredulous. We turned around and walked out.I'd heard great things about the food here and wanted to try it. But not so badly that I will allow a waitress to dictate at what table I sit. The lunatics do not run the asylum.Now since I've had such a bad experience without even siting down, I certainly won't be back and I'm angry enough to write a and review. The hostess should have thought things through a bit better.
4	Ordered the mac and cheese and one waffle (thought the cod and waffle would be a weird combo). Loved both! M&C was very cheesy and creamy and the leftovers were just as tasty. The waffle had a cinnamon twist that worked very well. The blue raspberry koolaid wasn't too bad, I liked the jar and the guy gave us to-go cups. I'd go back.
3	I really wanted to like this place, but it was just so-so. Pros- Gravy and onions were good- Good atmosphere, very friendly and helpful staff who seemed happy to work thereCons- Chicken was crispy, but BLAND- Waffles had a nice hint of cinnamon flavor, but were nothing to write home about. The texture was off - not fluffy at all, kind of chewy, deflated. I broke a plastic fork trying to cut into one.Would I come back for chicken and waffles? Probably not, unless I could just order fried chicken skin. KFC on top of a homemade waffle would taste much better. Would I come back to try the other soul food on the menu? Sure. It was a fun restaurant with a friendly staff.
5	Wow. I just happened to see this place as u was strolling around the area with time to kill.My first thought was "oh it's a Roscoes knockoff",,,Wow, I was wrong. The service was perfect, the place was clean. The food was very tasty, especially the chicken. I didn't even need to add hot sauce for flavor.The lemonade was homemade and yummy. It is served in a large mason jar. The friendly waiter offered a take out cup for what I didn't finish.The waffle was the thin type that I prefer, like the ones my grandma used to make.I love the menu and decor of the restaurant. The elaborate interior design makes it feel like a large chain. The prices are not bad either.
5	I don't care if you're a visitor....native...your mamas mama made the best fried chicken and waffles....just come here. Roscoes has nothing on this place. Great good and selection, they have more than just chicken and waffles. Lucas was our server tonight, and he was great.
5	Awesome chicken and waffles. Great prices. Just as good as the others spots that I've been to in NYC, LA, and ATL. I honestly think that their chicken batter is better than most.
5	From the warm greeting to the awesome food Lol-Lo's is always a great experience. Sit at the counter and enjoy being part of the  crew that will quickly make you feel like an extension of the family. The waffles are cooked perfectly and the chicken is moist and tasty.  All of the sides that I have tried are delicious. I can't say enough about Lo-Lo's. You must stop by if you're anywhere nearby.
4	Pleasantly surprised on how good it was. I went due to a recomendation from friends.
1	Awful! I paid $18 dollars for three pieces of chicken ( a thigh, drumstick, and a wing - no breast), two sides, a corn bread muffin, and a Pepsi. This didn't include a tip. The fried chicken had no flavor. I don't think they use any spices. The okra was good.The chilli and ketchup bottles on the tables were dirty. The soap dispenser in the bathroom didn't work and neither did the paper towel dispenser. How are the employees washing their hands? The employees were the slowest moving people I have ever seen in my life. I don't know how this place stays in business.
4	We went here for the fist time and I thought it was pretty good. I had a waffle with two pieces of fried chicken. My two other friends had similar dishes. The southern fried chicken was very tasty and fresh. The service  was excellent. Everything is fresh and made to order. Our coffee cups were always refreshed. This is a real down to earth eatery with good soul food for a very fair price. I would go back again.
5	Until about five years ago I had never heard of chicken and waffles, and actually thought it was "code" for something else.  When I finally asked my step-daughter what it meant, she (without making me feel stupid) said "chicken and waffles."  "Literally???"  "Yes, Literally."  Hmm....So what is the first thing I noticed when entering Lo-Lo's?  Happy people!  This place has a vibe and synergy all its own!  From the hostesses that greeted us at the door, to the servers, to the innumerable people behind the counter, to the patrons chomping away..."happy!"  (Could be the kool-aid - ha,ha,ha.)While eating chicken and waffles doesn't set well with me, there are so many other things on the menu.  We ordered take-out - me a terrific chicken salad, and my husband a catfish dinner with collard greens, red beans and rice, and a huge cornbread muffin.  Outstanding!Clean and quaint, Lo-Lo's is a place you have to try for yourself.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
5	I haven't had a lot of experience with Southern home-style cooking, but if this is what it tastes like, you can bet I'll be eating it a lot more!The whole vibe of this place is relaxed and family/group friendly. Not to mention the servers are incredibly nice. I even lived the country interior- it was done really nicely!Ok now the food. It was on the brink of heavenly and I could not stop eating it. Their koolaid (served in huge mason jars with free refills) is better than normal koolaid, and make sure someone gets the lemonade just to say you tried it. Chicken and waffles are perfect. The waffles are these light, crispy beauties with a hint of cinnamon I want to say? And the green beans rock if you dig spicy. Grits are good. Mac and cheese is really good. And make sure you save room for dessert because none of it disappoints!My mouth is watering as I write this. Just take it from me and my friends and family- this place is just that good. Go on and try it for yourself! (They have 2 locations- Scottsdale and Phoenix.)
5	As if this place needs any more reviews. This is my third trip to Lo Lo's and as always it never disappoints. However on this trip something amazing happened.  What happened?  I'm glad you asked, "the meet" happened. Keenan King solidified my excellent experience with the following.  As usual I ordered 5 wings and a waffle. Kind of my staple go to meal!  As Keenan brought my meal out he uttered the following, "the wings are a bit small today so I had them throw an extra one on"!  How effn amazing is that?  Customer service is still alive my friends!Thank you Lo Lo's you continue to surprise me, much love!
5	This place is awesome! The staff is incredible, and the food is amazing. You MUST order the chicken and waffles. Oh, and order a jar of drank. Come hungry. Leave happy.
4	Exactly what you want in a place like this. Classic and Kitschy. The chickens great the waffles were good,cheesy grits were cold. Excellent house drinks like the orange Creamsicle amazing. The waitstaff are impressively friendly and very fun. Not entirely family-friendly. That could've been because we had a very unhappy 11-month-old with us. Will definitely go back no kids next time.
4	This place has awesome food. I've only been once but, I definitely will be coming back to explore more of the menu. Since I'm not from AZ I was looking for a soul food place that reminds me of home (Atlanta,GA) and this place did a fine job at that.
4	Went there last Friday around 8pm.  The place was packed.  I just wanted some carry-out so it wasn't a big deal.  The food was some of the best, I've had in the 6 months I've lived in Arizona.  The price was a bit more than I expected, but the portion was large enough for dinner, and lunch the next day.  It's a good place for southern comfort food.
3	To start with, and to be fair, lets just say that Lo-Lo's is not 'my cup of tea"Its super heavy, greasy, and the drinks are sweet (if you are a health person like me- I would not recommend).  I felt like I needed to go to bed and sleep after my meal here- the food is HEAVY.  Now that being said, if that is what you are looking for, which I think most people who come her are, then it deserves a higher rating.  but Yelp is about your experience, so I'm just being honest.  I came here with 2 friends on a Saturday around 2pm and waited for about 45 minutes to be seated.  I will give them a huge complement on their servers.  The guy who helped us was super nice and a great server.If southern fried food is what you are looking for, I'm sure you will love this place.  If you value your health, go next door to the Noodle Ranch (which has some amazing Vietnamese food)
4	We had been in PHX for @ a year and mija was craving a Southern home-cooked meal, so we tried Lo-Lo's.  1st visit, she ordered the Chicken & Waffles. She loved the chicken, but said the waffles were "alright." She fancies the catfish as well, but sometimes she gets "gypped" on the size/portion.  She since has become a fan of their chicken tenders, and she loves their Kool-Aid beverage options.I like that they have a veggie platter, for which you may choose 4 sides.  If you're vegan, you can eat many of the sides (they do not use meat in any of their vegetables): greens, green beans, home fries, and regular fries are my go-to options.  The home fries are always amazing and tasty.  The greens and green beans are hit or miss.  Sometimes they are great, other times they taste like they've come from a can; I hate those times.  Their fried okra is bland; needs more southern love/flavor. The cornbread, mac n' cheese, etc., are vegetarian, but not vegan-friendly.Not cheap. I spend no less than $40 for 2 people, every time. Some of the waiters and waitresses are very sweet.Gospel music plays on Sundays; makes me feel like less of a heathen. Large TVs can be seen from anywhere you sit, and it's always displaying a sport of some sort.The wait on the weekend can easily surpass 60 minutes, and they do not take reservations. Their Scottsdale location is within a strip mall with Chipotle, Smash Burger, etc, so you'll sometimes have to fight for parking with some of the surrounding eateries' patrons, especially on a Sunday or weekend evening.  And it's hard to find if you don't know where you're going, so be on the lookout for one of the aforementioned establishments and you'll see LoLo's.  Or GPS works too.
4	It was my wife's birthday and we were trying to think of a place to go for lunch.  We were on our way to run an errand in north Phoenix and my wife suggested Lo-Lo's.  I know...chicken and waffles...how can that be a tasty lunch???  Well, it works surprisingly well together.  We've had Lo-Lo's in Phoenix before but we never tried the location in Scottsdale.  The parking lot was crowded and when we arrived there was a 10-15 minute wait and this was about 1:30pm so it should've been after the lunch rush.We were seated at our table.  The place is very noisy which makes it difficult to carry on a conversation.  We looked over the menu and our waitress arrived after about 5 minutes.  We all ordered Kool-Aid to drink since this is the only place I know of that actually serves Kool-Aid as a beverage.  It was a nice flashback to childhood for both my wife and myself.  I do suggest getting a water as well because the Kool-Aid does kind of give you a sugar overload.  We ordered a Tre-Tre (2 drumsticks and a waffle) for the kids to split and my wife and I each ordered a Betty Boob (1 breast and a waffle).  We also had a mac and cheese side that we could all split.The food took about 10-15 minutes to arrive at the table.  Each plate had a little cup of syrup for each of the waffles.  The chicken was breaded and fried.  Each table has hot sauce and ketchup.  I tried a bite of the chicken and it was very good.  I liked the seasoning and the breast was very tender with a crisp outside.  I then tried it with a little of the supplied hot sauce and it went very well with the chicken.  It was a perfect combination.  I moved on to the waffle.  I covered it with butter and the supplied syrup.  It was fantastic.  The waffle has a slight cinnamon taste which worked very well.  My wife and kids all had the same thoughts with their food.  We had a very enjoyable time and will definitely be returning.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a delicious and different meal.
5	Breakfast simply CANNOT GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS!  Yeah, the service is very friendly and the atmosphere is cute and the restaurant is super clean, but the real reason people make the pilgrimage to Lolo's is for the fantastic food! The chicken and waffles are delicious! There are so many combinations based of chicken and waffles on the menu that allow you to choose based on how much you want to eat. The fried chicken is homemade and the meat melts in your mouth. The waffles are huge and they too are homemade and are divine.  This is a great place to bring company from out of town. Long live Lolo's!
5	Server Mike has a lot of good energy. He was groovy!! I will say that all the meat here is all fried. We requested for a grilled chicken breast and the chef honored our request so that was great!I ordered: (a lot of food) Kool-Aid: Tropical Punch & Lemonade. It's good next time I will say light ice because it gets watery.#7 Toy-Toy- was goodMacNcheese = the bomb!!!! I love itSmothered Rice & smothered Potatoes were delicious!Grilled Breast was seasoned to perfection.Catfish seasoned  perfect.Collard Greens  they were ok.Potato Salad was ok needs a little sweet relish or sugar.
5	I'm obsessed with Lo-Lo's and plan to bring every out-of-town guest here. Awesome customer service, delicious food, and overall great vibe. Can be crowded, but for good reason (and always worth the wait).My husband and I like to split the KK (3 pieces of chicken, two large waffles, grits - get them with cheese for $1 more- and eggs). It's plenty of food for two.Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
5	The best soul food in Arizona.   My only gripe is with the desserts.   The banana pudding at this location is never fresh.    Banana pudding made in large quantities is good for 24 hours.   The vanilla wafers should not be soggy and the bananas should not be black.   #ijs.  Conversely;  this location has infinitely better service than central and central has better dessert than Scottsdale.    You do the math.
1	Hands down the worst soul food restaurant experience ever. Initially me and my companion were told the wait would  be 20 mins which was expected, but we were seated after 10min. I though, we were off to a good start but I was dead wrong. After being seated it took 15 min for our waitress to even address us. The food didn't not take long to arrive but my food was terrible. I ordered catfish, mac n cheese and collard greens. None of the items I ordered had any flavor, my catfish was slimy and fatty under all of the breading and the mac n cheese was the equivalent of a box of kraft mac n cheese and don't get me started on the collard greens. I have absolutely no idea how this place got 4 or 5 stars but I've been to plenty of souls food restaurants and this place was definitely at the bottom of the barrel on my list of soul food restaurants. I didn't come expecting perfection but I didn't even have a sub par experience.
4	Chicken is great! Moist inside, crispy outside..waffle has a hint of something, cinnamon? Yum! Our waiter was great! Music was awesome, took me back to the 90's!
4	Went to Lo-Lo's for lunch and loved the Mac and Cheese. Of course the Chicken and Waffles were delicious. The staff was super friendly. The only complaint was the lemonade was so sweet I only took one drink. I will definitely be back.
3	Hype exceeds the quality.Three of us went to the Scottsdale location this afternoon to get orders to go. Very crowded and noisy, but a happy noise. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had the KK, the Baby Ray and the Chicken-Fried Chicken Platter. The food traveled ok; some of the chicken was still crispy; some was not crispy by the time we got home - 15 minutes later.The chicken was good; about a 7. Gravy came with the Baby Ray; it was brown with lots of onions. Love the onions but would have preferred white gravy like my friend had on his chicken-fried chicken. Next time I will know better. The waffles were a 7 as well. They forgot the grits which was very disappointing to my grits-loving friend. Cost was $47 for the three of us. We don't think it was worth this much money.
3	Imagine that KFC and the Waffle House had a baby....well, you would get a Lo-Lo's. That description is accurate but does not really do justice to how good the food is at Lo-Lo's. Plus you can't get Kool-Aid  at KFC or Waffle House. The waffles are really where its at! The chicken is maybe a little above average, but it does have a little kick to it.I had the Lo-Lo which was 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles. The waffles were fantastic. They were large, soft, and golden, done just right. The chicken was a little spicy for my taste and I found myself putting more syrup on it, which actually turned out to be a good thing. The side orders were a good size and I would recommend the fried okra. Overall everything was good, but overpriced in my opinion. I mean it is just chicken, waffles, and Kool-Aid that cost $20 with a tip per person.
5	Although the food is not great it is still a very fun place to go. It is not every day you see a place that serves fried chicken and waffles on the same plate in Scottsdale Arizona. If you go you have to try the Kool-Aid.
5	I like the other Lolos in Phoenix more then this one, but the food is the same so who cares! I love Lolos. It can get overpriced if you're getting the whole shebang, but I usually just go with Tre Tre which is only 7 bucks. I have tried the drank, and especially like the blue drank, but I don't think I could drink a whole jar so I don't ever order it. The Mac is great and SUPER cheesy. I've never had such a thick and creamy Mac. It comes in a small bowl which is big enough since there is such a high density cheese in there. Haha. Love this place! Great comfort food. Go on an empty stomach cause you'll definitely be satisfied afterwards.
4	I guess my BF has been holding out on me as we have been visiting the Scottsdale area for the past two years when he has been working down here and he never took me to  lolos until this weekend. Maybe he thought it was too humble or not "foodie" enough or something but I really like this place.  I enjoyed the clientele, the waitstaff, and the food. We came on Friday night and didnt have long to wait. The menu was amazing and had so many options, it was hard to begin. We both ended up with the fried chicken which was really good but too much food. I'm not often a fan of cornbread, but this was  just really good, light, not too sweet and served with a big mound of butter. Our server Danielle was a sweetheart, very friendly and competent. I was impressed by the large mason jars of water and iced tea and,had I been able to drink that much sugar, would have had the blue kool aid which for some reason was calling to me. The other patrons were a diverse and friendly. We talked to the people on either side of us and asked for recommendations which they were happy to provide. It was so good we came back today for breakfast, which impressed me just as much as the previous visit with friendly and interesting servers who took time to chat and discuss a bit of life philosophy. I had the biscuits and gravy-  gravy on the side just in case - and I'd say it was the best, most flavorful sausage gravy I've ever had. Delicious. And the biscuits were perfect, like homemade but better.Definitely recommended.
5	YUM - just YUM!  Best fried okra, best fried chicken.  I don't even like eating sweet and savory together for this was too good to pass up!
3	I tried this place because I know a lot of people who have been here. The layout of the restaurant is kind of weird, it feels really out in the open and has a crowded feeling to it. The music is soul music which is unique, although it was a little loud but it drowned out all the voices. The service was quick though, so no complaints there. I ordered the typical chicken and waffles, and I also shared some biscuits and gravy. I honestly had high expectations of the food, but the chicken was just average, reminded me of KFC chicken. The waffles were my favorite though, they were pretty tasty. The biscuits and gravy were good, but I've had better. Overall I would come here again, most likely a different location, and probably get the waffles but not the chicken.
5	This is the best place I been to in Phoenix. This was BOMBBBBBBBBB.com. I can't wait to come back tomorrow. The flavor of the food & drinks, wowwwww
4	I love the signature Chicken & Waffles, always cooked to perfection. Great atmosphere and kid friendly.
5	Come on now ya'll, you want good homestyle southern food? Then you eat here. Everything has the taste of mother's love!! Good people, good times and the food just speaks fo itself!!!
5	Oh my goodness! Soul food! I served a mission in Georgia and this restaurant brought back SO many wonderful memories.The food was AMAZING! I've had their fried chicken (juicy yet crispy), their fried ocra, their stupid fries ("they's stupid GOOD!"), their macaroni and cheese (wonderful), and their waffles (so yummy!). I heartily recommend this restaurant to anyone! I love that the menu is written with Southern drawl and that the drinks are served in mason jars. Kool-aide on TAP?! It can't get better than that!
5	Mind blowing fried chicken great sides and drank what more could you want! The service is outstanding as well.  Sweet jams pumped through speakers is a plus.
3	Maybe I am missing something, maybe it was all the hype that I hear, but I thought the food was just...ok. I definitely did not have the same religious experience that some people have while eating here, and I guess I just didn't see what all the fuss was about. Customer service was fantastic, our server was great, and everyone there was extremely nice and accommodating on a busy Sunday brunch time. I ordered the waffle with chicken breast and wing, and it came out in about five minutes after we ordered, which seemed great. The food was good, but not impressive. It seemed like it had probably been made en masse and was sitting under a heat lamp for a while. The waffle was not crispy, but was warm and kind of flaccid, and the chicken was piping hot, but very dry. I did love the hot sauce, and I dipped all of the chicken in it to help with the dryness. Also had the red velvet cake, which was the most amazing part of the meal, and I believe touched by the hands of angels during baking. While I realize that it was probably because we came at the  busiest time of the week, all in all, I have had better chicken from KFC, and a better waffle from Waffle House, just not on the same plate.
5	Fast Service and good customer service !!I had the Betty Boob 1 chicken breast n waffles. $7 Chicken was crispy I added hot sauce Perfect ! Waffle was warm and moistThey have kool aid drinks and all drinks served on mason jar.
2	We've been wanting to try Lo-lo's chicken and waffles for a few months now. Our interest was triggered by an ice cold bottles water that they gave away after out cholla hike. Since then, Lo-lo's was part of the conversation whenever we talk about chicken & waffles.Today, we finally got to try it!!!!!My verdict, wellllll it was just ok... maybe even a little over hyped... Not a little... Its over hyped...To be fair, we only ordered their signature Lo-lo's chicken and waffle. Maybe we should have ordered something else to get a good feel of their food. What we got were 3 pieces of southern fried chicken thigh (we requested for all thighs), 2 waffles with a scoop of butter on top and a side of syrup. the waffles were thin and was more on the crunchy side. The taste was ok, but there we a whole lot of flavor. The chicken, it was dry and small. Maybe my mom can cook a better chicken than what we got. I love the crispy of the chicken skin but the meat was just too dry. Take note, these are chicken thighs. They should be juicy and flavourful. I also orderede a side of egg... It was $3, for a scrambled egg with cheddar cheese. Extremely overpriced!Again to be fair, this was just my experience. Maybe other guest had a better order or a better meal. I may have to come back again for a better experience. However, my first impression is not giving me anything to look forward to yet.Would I come back? MaybeService? AverageServing size? Not what I expectedCleanliness? Bad. Had 2 strands of hair on my wafflesPrice? Overpriced. Side of eggs for $3. It was probably 3 full spoonsTaste? AverageOh and they don't allow outside drinks. Maybe the next door Jamba juice is not a good idea while waitingmore reviews on http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
5	So this was my second time at LoLo's in Scottsdale....and OMG I still think they have the best tasting fried chicken out there...but what really impressed me this time was the customer service.  Not only from my waiter but the hostess was really helpful as well!  Not only did they meet all my needs but they anticipated my needs which really blew my mind.  If they keep that up they will be BIG as they plan to franchise because the food is good and the service is GREAT!  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK STAFF AT LOLO'S!
2	Mostly everybody in Phoenix loves this place. I thought it was very meh. Being born and raised in the Midwest *whispers* (and black) I know what is and what is not good fried chicken. This is decent at best.So if you have never experienced really good fried chicken before then I can understand why you would love this place. Prices are pretty good and the portions are big, service gets the thumbs up.Worth a try just to say you've ate here before.
5	I love Lo-Lo's. In fact, whenever I am in the area, I head here for lunch. Note, they are moving locations in September. New location will be on Scottsdale and Drinkwater. Always friendly and fast service. My go to - red Kool-Aid, 1 waffle and 2 chicken wings, #7. Delish!
3	It was ok... I was expecting more of A Roscoes type ordeal but I guess my expectations were a tad high... dont get me wrong I did clean my plate but it wasnt worth the 1hr my family & I waited.
5	My husband & I had lunch there today!  Awesome service by Brenee!  So many great menu choices it was hard to decide!  We started out with Fried Green Tomatoes & Catfish Beignets & orange cream sicles to drink!  Both were incredible! Husband ordered Breakfast #1 - chicken & waffles, grits and eggs.  I ordered the shrimp grits - both dishes amazing!!!! We had so much food leftover ... Guess what's for dinner?! : ) We will definitely be back!!!
4	Chicken and waffles has to be on of those classic combos like Burger and fires Or Pizza and wings. And at Lo Lo's the did it right. The chicken was very well seasoned and fried nice and crispy. Just the right amount of crunch before getting a mouth full of juicy meat. When they brought the waffle I could smell the cinnamon in it before I could even taste it. I wasn't sure if I was going to be into the cinnamon waffle but the cinnamon wasn't over powering at all. I ordered apple juice and they bring it in a huge mason jar. Couldn't even finish it. On to the service. Our waitress Raquel was so sweet and very friendly. The place was very clean and the employees were all very friendly and greeted us with a smile. Next time I'm back in Phoenix I will definitely go back to Lo Lo's.
1	I ate here a few weeks ago and while I was waiting for a refill I saw our waitress pick her nose before she came to our table. I was so grossed out I had to leave. I will not return here. If this is happening in the front what is going on in the back?
5	Another amazing location for this chain. This location has a different inside feel than the Phoenix one, but the food and service is classic Lo-Lo's. We have been here a couple of times, and it is always packed to the brim. The seating can be a touch tight given the layout, so you may get friendly with a neighboring table.There may be a bit of a wait as well here since it's a local hit. We haven't waited more than about 10 min at most, but it's just the two of us. The chicken is always cooked perfectly with a crunchy outer coating that complements the chicken, without taking away from the great flavor of the chicken itself. The waffles are light and fluffy and the sweetness is just right.The banana pudding in a mason jar is a must-have for dessert here, so SAVE ROOM! Make it happen.Overall: A+Another win and fingers crossed that they come to Cali so we can continue to enjoy them!!!
4	So I'm from Kentucky and jus let me tell you bein in this place totally made me feel like I was back home. And I loved it!! I had a few things a la carte cuz I wanted I try everything! To drink I got an Arnold Palmer with unsweet tea (don't tell anyone in ky I did that) and one of my friends ordered the kool aid. It tasted just like a watermelon jolly rancher she loved it!! Because they cook all the chicken to order it takes a good amount of time to get your food. We were also there on a Sunday after church so there was a pretty long wait. Jus don't expect to be in a hurry is all. One thing I will say was a downfall though was how darn hot it was in there. It was almost uncomfortably hot. They are moving to a new location soon though so hopefully that will fix it!!To eat I had the fried okra, a thigh, a waffle, and Mac an cheese. I also tried bites of cornbread and red velvet cake. My favorite part was probably the waffle and a close second the okra. Everything was super hot and delicious. I can't wait to go back and try everything I didn't get to try this time!!
5	I love this place! You've got to go if you haven't been.  Go for the whole experience: Chicken, Waffle, Kool-aide, Grits!
2	Nothing special. I've had better chicken, fried okra was not crispy, corn bread ok I guess, Waffle House waffles are better. But the fried chicken gizzards were excellent.
4	Heard about this place and wanted to check it out! I'm a huge soul food lover and have been to many places back east. I had the catfish, chicken wing, Mac/cheese, and greens special! It was super good! Sides were amazing and the waiter threw in a side if yams. My date loved his meal! They have Kool-aid and sweet tea served in mason jars, super cute! We ordered a salmon cake to try, didn't care for it much. Great atmosphere in music! I loved it! Great service! Nice history of the owner on the wall. African American owned. Can't wait to go back when I'm in PHX!
5	Sunday wasn't seeming like much of a funday, so we decided to try a new restaurant. Looking for something a little different, we landed on Lo Lo's. Sunday seems to be their busy day because we had to wait about 20 minutes, but the hostess was awesome!! Sat down, and the waiters where joking around with each other, very funny.  The waffles were very good, the chicken wing was moist and delicious, but the breast was dry. The overall experience was great!! The best part? They had Kool Aid!!!
5	All of the food here is amazing, chicken is tender you have to get pecans in your waffles. The biscuits and gravy is flavorful. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Definitely will continue to come and eat here!
1	Really upset the first time we went we gave 5 stars but after today I will never ever go to this place again! We first were seated then 3 other couples were seated approx. 5 mins. After us.... They all got they're drinks before us... I brushed it off even tho one couple was seated right next to me in a booth. Then I asked a random waitress that we were ready to order she said she'll get our server, our server ended up at the table next to us and still after 10 mins. Hadn't even said hello to us! So now I'm getting heated... So finally she took our order fish plate catfish sandwich waffle w eggs fried chicken basket.... We waited and waited for our food the couple next to us finished they're food and we still hadn't received ours...at that point my husband went to the register to ask what's up they said they would look into it. By that time the 2 other couples got there food. Our waitress finally came up and explained to us that fish takes longer (whatever!) She then walks away and the guy that just got his food said loudly that his catfish is great! Wow! So then we get our food but my husbands food never arrives UGH! they never made it! Then the cooks and the waitress start fighting where we ALL can here them in a busy loud restaurant! So finally w no apology he gets his sandwich about 10 mins later! So the worst part happens.... I'm done w my drink and I start to eat the ice and OMG THERE'S A HUGE FLY IN THE ICE! my kids and I were all drinking from it! So I called my waitress and her tone was so bad... As if I freakin put the Damn fly in my drink! I got my kids handed her the drink and left sick to my stomach crying! They didn't even apologize for nothing and still made us pay.... Everything should of been free! They only took off drinks and my meal! Ugh! Never again!
4	Staff was friendly and food was great! Southern fried deliciousness!
4	Chicken and waffles. YUM. The decor of this restaurant was very "southern".  I love how friendly and welcoming the staff were.  I loved the music that was playing because it got me singing along. I ordered their fruit punch.. and wow, it was a big mason jar of cool-aid (free refills). YUM!!!!! I also ordered a side of corn with my waffle and chicken (thigh and drumstick).  I have been to Roscoe's in Long Beach, but honestly, I think Lo-Lo's Chicken hit the spot.  Their chicken was very moist, the batter of the chicken was light, airy, and crunchy.  The chicken was not over seasoned either. It was theeeeeeeee perfect fried chicken for me. Definitely will come back when I am in Arizona.
2	Although I grew up in the South, my review has nothing to do with a comparison of food to my origins.  My girlfriend and I decided to try Lo-Lo's for the first time and here is our review.  The positives:1) Although I called for a take-out and did not eat inside, the restaurant looked very clean and classy.  I was very impressed.2) Shrimp and grits.  Very nice!  Shrimp had great seasoning and flavor.  Really enjoyed the grits with its bits of bacon in it.3) Pricing.  Not bad, reasonable.  The negatives: 1) "Soul food meal, chicken smothered in gravy and onions."  Ugh.  There was so much salt in the gravy that I actually scraped off the gravy with a knife in order to eat the chicken.  Event the skin was grossly soggy and inedible. 2) The okra was not flavored or seasoned. Plus it was soft.  My impression was that is was microwaved. The mixed points:1) The cornbread: it was more like corn-cake (delicious) but excessively smothered in butter (absolutely horrible for you).OVERALL:  This was a once in a lifetime experience.  Meaning, I've eaten there once and will not again unless a client requests it.   And even if they do I'll recommend Dickey's BBQ.
4	Great service.  Great chicken. Great fish.  Drinks are generous.
3	Overpriced.But Dat Red Velvet cake is the tits!also, they have old school cartoons playing.
4	Delicious Hot and juicy fried chicken?  Check.  Golden waffles covered in warm butter and syrup?  Check.  Kool-Aid served in a mason jar?  Check check!  Awesome food, just as expected.  Only 4 stars because of long waits for seating and service.  Even so, when you want chicken and waffles this is the place to be!
4	Lo-Lo's!!!!!! Amazing place. Obviously the food is amazing. The cool-aid is pretty awesome!My only complaint is the problem which is awful....but it is what it is.
1	Closed at 10:45 on Friday, not midnight as listed on Yelp. This was extremely inconvenient as I left a party venue early to make it there on time!
2	Very disappointed.  A friend had eaten here and said it was decent.  From my perspective it has so-so food and very high prices for what you get.  I got the Betty Boob which is a chicken breast and a waffle.  The chicken was dry and the piece quite small... I've had wings with almost as much meat on them than this breast had.  The coating was nicely browned but not particularly flavorful, average at best.  The waffle was terrible, dry, overcooked and tough.  I've made better waffles at the Free Breakfast bar in motels.  This tiny meal cost me $8.  For that price one side should have been included.  But the sides were extra, such as $4 for a side of mac and cheese.  There are far better dining options then this including Denny's.  On the plus side, the waitress was very good.
4	First time here!Happy that we got seated right away since it was so busy. I love the atmosphere and music very relaxed and family friendly.At first I was looking at the 1st and second item on the menu... Sounds delish but so much food... Found a great compromise with Lil AmAdi (1thigh 1drumstick and 1waffle with a side of mac and cheese) perfect size! Maybe one more piece of chicken lol!Im not a big fan of juices and such but the koolaid was pretty good. Love it i. The mason jars :) and the chicken oooooh the chicken! So crispy tasty and juicy mmmmhmm i love fried chicken! And waffle was great too it was pretty thin so very edible...im not drowning in waffle lol. Mac and cheese was so cheesy and delicious!It was a great experience and I can't wait to go back! Service was awesome too!
5	da bomb!
5	CONGRATULATIONS on their new location!  Saw them on tv this morning and had to see the new digs!   3133 N. SCOTTSDALE RD. Having the chicken and waffles. Very good.   Next time I am getting the stuffed French Toast or the Shrimp and Grits.   Always great friendly service!
2	Tried the new location tonight. I probably wouldn't have come in if I knew it was their very first night open. I was a loyal customer at their old location but I don't know what happened to their stellar servers. We sat down quickly, were greeted and brought drinks our server was very nice, we ordered within 10 minuets of sitting down. Unfortunately for the next 45 minuets we waited and waited for our food. First their server told us they were making new waffle batter, then that the chicken tenders were made from scratch so the reason we had to wait longer for our food than the other 5-6 tables that sat down before us was because they ran out of batter and chicken tenders take forever. I don't know for certain if that was the truth because a manager never came over to talk to us or let us know what was happening. It was frustrating seeing people who ordered over 15 minuets after us get their food and almost finish. Unfortunately we ended up leaving after no real explanation or eta on the food. We still paid for our drinks though but unfortunately we won't be back for awhile. Hopefully lolos gets it together. I saw the manager adjusting our bill but no effort to come over and apologize or anything. Being in the industry so long myself I feel like someone dropped the ball tonight not sure who but we were very disappointed.
4	Lo-Lo's just moved 1/2 mile North on N. Scottsdale Rd., Near Old Town Scottsdale.  They were doing a Grand Opening to celebrate their new location... This is true comfort food and served with a smile.  They were too busy today as they were doing free chicken and waffles... With that said, our waitress "Leslie" had our food out to us in less than 7 minutes... Piping hot.  HUGE pieces of chicken and a waffle (could have been a little more crisp) with real butter and warm syrup.  Even though they were wall to wall packed, the owner, Larry was making the rounds chatting with everyone and Leslie was very attentive to our needs making sure our soda's were full and that we did not need anything else... All with the warmest of smile and not a touch of frazzle ;^) Highly recommended.  BTW, the last time we were here I had Shrimp and Grits.  Oh, so good. Will be back again.
2	This is their new location so the reviews is for their old location. I have eaten on the central location and it was fine. This felt really un organized from the start and LOUD. We ordered food and everyone got their food but one person. No silverware. It was just one of those times where you know how it's going to pan out the rest of time. I wouldn't recommend going there if the service is like this and what happened to us.
5	All I can say is- YES YES YES! I was hesitant at first to try it out because the thought of chicken with waffles.. And syrup poured over didn't sound too enticing but HOLY COW! I crave it everyday now! I need my chicken and waffles with the purple drank!!
1	Waited more than an hour for our food.  Food doesn't taste the same, corn muffin was dry, chicken taste awful,  frys fried chicken taste better. Will not be coming back!
4	Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles was a pretty good restaurant. The chicken was tender and everything else was flavorful. I though a bit over-priced for a specialty restaurant. Still good food though.
4	I love Lo-Lo's! I florist tried the location  South of downtown and was very happy when they opened in Scottsdale. They consistently provide great food with a smile. I recommend them to anyone who wants a little soul food in Scottsdale.
5	Brand new restaurant in Scottsdale. New address from above, about six blocks north. Food and atmosphere is great. They have a nice bar, an outside patio and a disc jockey. All in all a great experience.
2	Would love to the review the food but we've been here an hour and consider ourselves lucky to get an iced tea. On the up side the tea isn't bad......Hire more servers please
1	This was the 2nd time we received bad service at Lolo's. This time we tried the new location in Scottsdale.  We waited about 30 minutes to be seated at the high top table, 5 minutes later our server took our order which was quite simple 2 mimosas and 2 toy toys. We waited another 30 minutes for our mimosas; our server complained to the  bartender who look overwhelmed.  The bartender finally brought over our drinks with an apology.  My plate came with no syrup or silverware,  5 to ten minutes later my wife's plate still wasn't brought out. I asked for the manager and another server just pointed him out. Anyway I explained the issue, we left and will not be returning to either location.  I remember before they started valet parking the service was quite good and so was the food. My point is many times when businesses get successful they get beside themselves and forget the little things that got them where they are now.
2	Wanted lolos this morning, went to their old location to discover it's closed. Spent time to find their new location. It's in a hotel parking lot. We parked our car and the 'valet attendant' (yes lolos in a budget hotel parking lot has valet) informed us that unless they valet our car, we MAY get towed. The hotel owns parking and can tow any cars not parked by lolos valet at will. After all of the effort to get lolos, we left due to parking. I do not want some kid driving my new car. I am sad I didn't get to enjoy this beautiful new location over something this dumb. Are lolos lawyers so terrible they didn't notice the hotel parking caveat when they closed the deal? Even the valet guy agreed it was dumb. Hopefully they get these kinks worked out.
1	Yesterday (Saturday) after taking part in the Walk to Defeat ALS our group of 6 decided to check out Lo-Lo's new location, right up the road from the old location that we tried once before and loved. We arrived at 11:30am and after searching for parking for 10 minutes (they share a small lot with a hotel) we finally found spots (sorry, I don't trust a $30k automobile with a kid who barely looks old enough to drive at the valet station). Unlike another reviewer, we were not warned we may be towed and had we been told, we would have left then!We were told there would be a 30 minute wait- no surprise as there were tons of people there. We were told this was a short wait as people used to wait up to 2 hours at the old location. Didn't make us feel better, but decided to wait. At the time we were glad we did as we only ended up waiting about 10-12 minutes before being seated. About 5 minutes after we were seated, our server arrived to take our drink order. I think her name was Gina but may be wrong. She was very polite and had a great sense of humor. We ordered our drinks and because we had an appointment at 1 asked if we could order. Our party had 3 adults and 3 teenagers. The first teenager ordered a burger and , truthfully, was very picky about what she did and did not want on it. The server was patient with her and wrote down everything she wanted. Next was another teenagers turn... He didn't know yet what he wanted. Rather than skipping him and taking the rest of our orders (the 3 adults were already decided) she said she would grab our drinks, take the drink order of another table and be right back.  Over 10 minutes passed and she returned with some drinks. She had to go back to get the remaining and to exchange one of the teen's drink as it had lime in it (fancy adding lime to koolaid) and he was allergic. She mixed up the sweetened and unsweetened teas which normally no big deal but the teen who ordered sweetened received unsweetened and had already added sugar since it was bland. We didn't say anything. By the time 1:00 arrived (remember we arrived at 11:30, with parking and the wait it was about 10 til noon when we were seated- over an hour sitting there) half the table had finished their drinks and not offered refills and our food still hadn't come out. A table behind us had a similar experience and was complaining to the server. A table of 3 across from us had ordered about 5 minutes before us (and was seated about 5 min after us) and was almost finished eating when our server came out to apologize, saying the kitchen uses a new system for getting orders and there was an issue with the system and the kitchen is backed up. If they were backed up then why did some tables receive food and some did not?  We asked how long the wait would be as we were already late for our 1:00 appointment (thinking perhaps we would get it to go). She said she couldn't say. May be 5 minutes, may be 20. We appreciated her honesty but decided to go. We offered to pay for our drinks but she said we did not have to. We left, over 90 minutes after we arrived in the parking lot and without food! Obviously our biggest complaint is the wait. That is simply unacceptable. The lack of attention comes second. Any time we've experienced an unacceptable wait, the manager has come to apologize, usually offering to do something to right the situation. Not this time. There was nobody who looked managerial in sight. What a shame.  I live in Gilbert and was excited to hear about one opening up here soon. I will wait a month or 2 before going in hopes they work out their kinks and can offer a better experience. Sadly, I don't think we'll return to their Scottsdale location again.
5	I love this place! Going to Lolo's is always a delicious treat for me. You can't eat fried chicken and waffles everyday, after all. Lolo's recently relocated slightly north on Scottsdale, to a much larger and nicer space. Now an independent building, the new Lolo's features a hip indoor/outdoor bar. Although the old location served alcohol, now it feels like an attractive destination for a drink. I plan on coming here just for drinks in the future. I ate dinner at Lolo's shortly after the move and am very pleased with the experience. Everything we ordered was amazing as expected. The portions were huge! Our waitress was sweet and prompt with our food and drinks. Tip: order the chicken and waffles. If you're feeling especially malnourished, add a side of mac and cheese. No matter what you order, I promise you won't leave hungry! But most importantly, don't forget the koolaid!!!!
4	Talk about an upgrade!  The new location is amazing and wide open.  Great outdoor patio and of course, great chicken.  Great job Lo-Lo's!
4	I've enjoyed the food at Lo-Lo's for years at both the Phoenix and Scottsdale locations. I love the occasional calorie splurge of chicken and waffles.  I was concerned with the parking at the new location (3133 N Scottsdale Rd)  after reading a couple of reviews on here. I went for lunch at 11:40am on a Wednesday and found a number of parking spots open. There was a valet station when I arrived, but nobody was using valet parking so the attendant eventually packed up his umbrella and left. The friends I joined had been to the new location before without encountering parking problems.  I would characterize the parking as marginally adequate... and I can imagine problems when it gets crowded. The location is right next to a Holiday Inn Express with a shared parking lot but it seems clear which spots belong to the hotel.  The kitchen was a bit slow... but not bad (similar to the old location) and the waitress was efficient. I'll return as long as there's adequate parking.
4	Been wanting to go to a Lo-Los for quite some time, but didnt want to travel to Scottsdale to try it, and to not even like it would be a waste of a trip.So we decided to finally try it out (been craving some chicken recently, fried to be exact)  Looked up this place on Yelp and drove to where I guess the old location was or something because we ended up not finding it the first time.  So we had to re-look it up to find the actual address and it wasn't to far away.  So not being from Scottsdale and not knowing where this place was, it was a little annoying.  But hey we did find it, so thats fine.So the place was pretty busy, even for lunch time on a Thursday (over 600+ reviews, at any Lo-Lo's, I guess it's expected).  We did get seated instantly and the waitress was there right away to get our drinks and what not.  So doing the ol "I'm new here, so I'm gonna have to take like 10 minutes to look at the whole menu" I probably asked the waitress that we need "another couple minutes" at least two times haha.  She was patient and gave us the time we needed.So anyways, we didn't get any appetizers, we were just focused on main dishes today.  I ended up getting the #1 (has all this stuff I like and grits, never had grits so I was willing to try).  3 pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, 2 eggs, and a side of grits.  Looking at the menu and seeing the prices, they do seem to be pretty high.Anyways, the 3 pieces of chicken were more bigger than I thought they were gonna be, surprised me a bit honestly.  They were juicy, tasty, and tasted excellent w/ syrup and butter.  The grits, being something new to me, were ok.  Maybe I'm not a grit guy?  The eggs were plain ol scramble eggs w/ the cheese in them.  The waffles were excellent.  I could probably eat them plain, they were that tasty.Overall the whole meal was delicious, the service was pretty top notch and the place looks pretty good.  My only problem is that I wish it could be a little cheaper, then I could see myself making more trips here (Heard that a Gilbert one was opening by Guadalupe? Thats quite a bit closer to my place)  We'll see what happens
1	Went to their new location this evening. Had a difficult time finding parking first of all. We walked in and there was blaring club music. Very loud part hip hop songs playing which was totally odd. The decor was all modern compared to the southwestern and homey style of their previous location. First they sat us at a oddly long table to where we had to sit next to each other and hope no one was seated at the bar stool next to us. We asked to be seated elsewhere because it was not comfortable to sit there. We ordered the fried okra, whipped potatoes, potato salad and two cornbreads (she placed them on the table and left and we were left with no silverware) came out about a good 5-8 min before our main dish arrived. The sides were blah and our waffles were soggy. Nothing like the old lolo's. Very very disappointed in the whole experience. Loud music, decor doesn't go with lolo's theme, and the food sucked. They get one star for the mason jars.
4	The quality and taste is amazing however a plate for one waffle was 11 dollars I sure will go again if the add more food to there plates
5	New address is 2765 N Scottsdale Rd. Same spectacular food, same great price, the new location is outstanding!  Decorated beautifully for inside seating, a bar with both inside AND outside chairs.... And some awesome outside patio seating which includes a fireplace. Tasty waffles.... Juicy chicken... Great service!!!! Love this place :)
3	The new Lo-Lo's on Scottsdale Road is definitely an upgrade from the old location one block south. It has a much more open atmosphere inside and the staff seem more upbeat. However, the food is still the same. The seasoning on the chicken is not quite there yet. I would almost call it bland at times. Don't get me wrong, it looks fabulous when it comes out of the kitchen. The dirty rice is truly amazing as is the sauteed spinach. The mac and cheese looks suspect since it doesn't look baked. The catfish is better than average, but I was expecting more. For my money, Bojangles has better flavored chicken.
1	i am a scottsdale resident, i have eaten in many restaurants in my 75 yrs, would i recommend this restaurant absolutely  a total rip off.prices out of sight.and food is not as good as roscoes in calif. management is not verycompetent.my wife and i were so disappointed we could not eat the food. also they did not offer to correct.or refund the money for the bill. i would not recommend to anyone..rip off
4	Wow. Love this place. We had the soul food plate with chicken fried chicken, collared greens, and beans on rice. We could have drank the white gravy from a cup it was so good. The service was fantastic and she answered all our questions. (We're as pasty white as it gets and this one of the first soul food experiences for the family.) One tip: the portions are huge so you can share. Highly recommend.
4	Although I don't fully understand the Chicken & Waffles phenomena, I thought this place was really good. I'm not a huge fan of waffles (like them, don't love them) so I got the "Lil C", Two thighs and Mac and cheese. I also ordered a side of fried okra and a sweet tea. The chicken, Mac & Cheese, and Sweet Tea were all exactly as I hoped they'd be. The okra, not so much. First of all the server forgot to bring it, then when I reminded him he then forgot the Ranch that I ordered (otherwise he was a nice, attentive server). I'm giving a 4 just due to the okra issues, but honestly the food that I did enjoy deserves a five. I'll skip the okra next time and be pretty happy.     This place has all of the fried chicken puns as well. "Purple Drank"? Did Dave Chappell write the menu? Hilarious.     The food is reasonably priced but Dranks are pretty expensive. $3.50 for Kool-Aid? Get those refills!     If you're on the fence about going here let me push you over. Go here! It's good! I didn't post any pictures because the #13 is already on there. Enjoy.
4	I went here on opening day at the newest location so service was quite slow however the food was hot and fresh when we received it.  I tried it again a couple of days later and it was a much better experience.  Can't really go wrong with chicken and waffles along with a sweet, cold mason jar of sweet tea to wash it down!
