5	Fantastic food. Yes, its crowded on a Friday or Saturday night, but the rest of the time it's not a problem. The sushi and sashimi are great, and there are tables where your other food is cooked right in front of you as well. Becomes an incredibly trendy spot on weekends. Really cool atmosphere, especially if you manage to go when it's not crazy.
3	The decor is great.  That's the good news.  On the other hand, the food is adequate to below average, it's crowded, and the crowd tends to be incredibly pretentious...  There are far better eateries of similar caliber, even within walking distance of this restaurant.  Unless it's someone else's choice, I don't think I'll be going back there again.
2	Another too loud crowded tragically hip restaurant peddling average sushi at an above average price.  Next.
4	This place is pretty much packed all the time. I have tried going on tuesday nights, wednesday nights - you can get a table, usually, but it's still really busy. I avoid it completely on friday & saturday nights now. People spend 2 hours at the bar waiting for their table and by the time dinner comes they're loaded. It's something you only want to deal with if you're drunk yourself. The sushi is incredibly hit and miss here. I've been there and had tuna sashimi that was just perfect, and the next time I go back it's so awful I can't eat it. So I don't go here for sushi anymore. I like the teppanyaki tables where they cook in front of you. I'm a huge fan of the sea bass. The kobe beef is also fantastic... when I can afford it! lol  I think the teppanyaki food is very well done and that's what I get when I come here.Other great dishes are the kobe burger, and the wasabi shrimp cocktail.
3	Benihana meets Disneyland at this wildly popular club-like restaurant. Large bar, loud music (you must politely yell to carry a conversation), lots of tables, and lots of special table grill combos with Benihana-chef theatrics entertaining diners. Were those fireworks or just fire at those tables? I was bit concerned but relaxed after each was followed by laughs and silly screams. If you like to people-watch, this is a good spot for guys and dolls. And, if you're into silicone and restylane (read: implants and lip enhancers), there are lots to be had. Oh yes, the food. It's good - your standard Japanese cooked and raw fare. I was impressed that they served mu by the glass.
1	Sapporo is the place to go if you don't really want to eat.  Go for Happy Hour to hang out on the patio with the beautiful people in Scottsdale.  My friend and I went for Happy Hour, the bar area was full so we sat at a bar table near the sushi bar.  We'd ordered and were eating when the hostess came over and told us that we were no longer in the "bar area" and that these seats had to be assigned at the hostess station.  She was incredibly rude and pretentious.The food and the atmosphere are no were near as appealing as RA. The Happy Hour menu was not as extensive and the food wasn't all that great.  We never went back.
2	Sapporo is mediocre. The food isn't very good. The last time I went there I got my appetizer before I got my drink. The service was terrible. They do have a really cheap happy hour. I would rather go to Blue Wasabi for sushi and drinks any day.
4	Two words: Happy Hour.Quite the scene, Sapporo seems to fill up before it opens.  The place doesnt open til 4pm and by quarter to 5 there arent any tables or seats at the bar.  And thats where you want to be (the bar area or outside) to have the best view of the North Scottsdale after work crowd.  And believe me, its a sight to be seen.  Even on off nights Sapporo is a great place to people watch.  During happy hour, drinks are half off so you wont feel bad throwing back that $11 martini (or 5) and their HH sushi and appetizer list is extensive.  Defintely eat there too because those martinis are stronger than they taste.  They have a blended mango one that I adore.Their sushi rolls are decent but nothing to write home about, but the calamari is great.  I've only done happy hour there and I truely believe thats the way to go, espeically now that I've read the other reviews on people's mediocre dinner experiences.
2	If you drive anything less then a Lexus, I don't recommend valeting it at this uber pretentious spot where people love to show off their flashy wheels -- the parking lot seriously looks like a car show with Mercedes, BMWs, Hummers, Corvettes and lamborghinis  which line the valet area -- and Prada attire. This is where the north Scottsdale twenty to fortysomething crowd goes to see-and-be-seen. I recommend hitting the bar during happy hour if you want to have some drinking money left over for the weekend. The bar offers a discounted menu and the sushi is pretty good. And it's always packed during happy hour.People don't come to Sapporo for the food though. They come to meet their Mr. or Ms. Right Now. But it's all about image here so be conscious of that or you're in for one heck of a surprise.
2	Don't judge a book by its cover.  In this case, don't judge Sapporo's by how it looks because you'd be setting yourself up for disappointment.  From the view on the outside, Sapporo is hot.  I mean literally flaming.  They have a bunch of gigantically garish pillars of flame.  No wonder this place is always packed, people are mesmerized by fire.  Inside is big and well laid out.  There are quite a few Teppanyaki tables as well as a slew of regular dinning tables.  This probably can house 150-200 customers without a problem.  The decor is very modern and cool, including a very nice aquarium near the back bar.  Apparently there was a need for more than 1 bar.Then you get your food and everything goes down hill.  If you spend millions and millions on the decorations, please spend a little bit more on decent chefs!  Fried rice was a ball of salt and the fish was overcooked.  The show is great especially when they make a volcano out of an onion.  Unfortunately dinner tastes terrible so you'll probably go home hungry and $40 poorer.   Like so many other things in Phoenix/Scottsdale, this place looks great on the outside but lacks substance.
2	Ah Sapporo. Where the cougars attack with liquid courage. Or where the Tommy Bahama wearing men are on the prowl with blind ignorance. If you are looking for the one place that has more desperate single men and women looking for that potential match, then head on over to the bar at Sapporo for happy hour.  The scene on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday evening pretty much sums up every bad rep that North Scottsdale has. This place and Barcelona, of course. But, I will say the group of guys that flock here looking for some loving is actually entertaining to watch. The food here is marginal. The sushi is average at best. The service is spotty. The only reason to go here is the teppenyaki, which doesn't even measure up to  Benihana. Which means, just go to Benihana instead (and I don't even like Benihana). Here's quick advice on whether a place is good or not. If the place has 5 hostesses that are about 16-20 years old, there's a good chance the food isn't good.
3	I went there last Wednesday night.  Actually before coming to this trendy/ hip sushi place I went to Kyoto. However, my favorite chef at Kyoto in Old town scottsdale was not there so I just left.Sapporo is a hip and trendy place. I live in South bay California but I don't see this type of hip sushi joint in calif. I didn't expect alot for this place. It's pricey. I sat at the sushi bar. I had asked for the sashimi combo. The typical stuff...salmon....red snapper....octopus....you know. the usual. It was ok. Not  too bad but not that good either. Fish freshness is decent only.  It costs about $24 before tax and tips. I don't think I will go back. The sushi chef Darren is cool thoughIf your intent is to hang out and people watch....this is the place to be. For real sushi....i'd say kyoto is better
4	I was a bit reluctant to try this place based on some of the bad reviews that it has gotten on Yelp, but I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and give it a try anyway.  Honestly I think some of the complaints influenced the place to change things around, because the music was low (I had read other reviews claiming it to be loud and obnoxious).  I sat in the bar area and it was a good volume to enjoy the ambiance and have a conversation.  The sushi chefs were very nice and attentive.  The waitstaff and servers were all smiles.  And the sushi was pretty good.  I especially loved the seared albacore nigiri (always my favorite).  The rolls were tasty, especially the lobster avocado roll.  The place is huge..plenty of seating space and excellent decor.  Behind the sushi bar sits an extremely large fish tank all filled with about 30 of 1 type of yellow tropical fish.  It's mesmerizing to watch..  The place is very trendy and I was extremely underdressed and didn't care (hey I had flown about 15 hours in the past day and needed a bite of raw fish!)  I'd stick to the nigiri and sashimi, you can't go wrong.  Prices actually aren't that bad, either.  Sushi orders generally ran from $6 to $14 depending on what you ordered.  Anyway I'd return here.  Probably slap some nicer clothes on and chew my dinner slower next time.    :)
4	Great scene for a drink but the food's...meh...not bad but not good either.  Aside from the good looking crowd, the drinks and food are unbelievably inexpensive.I loved the decor (flames, streams, aquarium, layout) very typical of Scottsdale but it's not for everyone.
4	I'm not from Scottsdale.  Nor do I play someone from Scottsdale on TV.  But awhile ago me and about forty of my closest passing acquaintances descended upon Sapporo whilest in town for a convention.  And I was much more impressed than the local Scottsdalians have been.  We shared many a sushi platter while warming up for dinner, and the sushi was totally fine.  I'm no counissour, but I've had a bit of sushi here in SF, and the trip into the desert didn't hurt those raw fish one bit.The service was attentive, the drinks were imaginative and copious, and a good time was had by all.  What more do ya want for 4 stars?
3	Im confused....what is all the hype about with this place.  I heard that Thursday night was supposed to be a great happy hour so me and a buddy went to check it out.  Here's what we found....We got there at around 5 to a pretty much empty bar area....which was actually nice because we could pick which table we wanted to plant ourselves at.  We ordered a couple beers and some sushi.  The beers come out in a bottle with a semi cold glass...the sushi came out just a few minutes later.  Id say the sushi was at best a 6 out of 10 as far a tastiness.  But for 1/2 off what do you expect......someone once said never eat 1/2 off sushi....they may have been right!!  As two single guys the real reason we went there was not so much for the sushi but to check out the "scene" that so many people have told me about.  Im pretty sure i was at the correct place....and there was definitly NO scene there.  Well let me clarify...if your 50 or older, divorced, maybe have a few kids or some kinda baggage....this is definitly the spot for you.  The bar area is surrounded by older aged men that have their hair slicked back and for some reason think they're 25 again (Ed Hardy shirts just dont look right on a 60 year old).  These guys swarm around the bar like vulture's ready to attack its prey...which was very entertaining to watch!! So after about 7 Kirin Lights and 8 hot sakis there was STILL no scene....what a disappointment!!  This was not my first time at Sapporo and I definitly don't go for the food, but now i can not go for the scene.  I am sick of trying this place and wishing i went somewhere else by the time its over.  Can someone please tell me where there is a fun, YOUNG (or atleast YOUNGER), below 40 year old happy hour???
3	Had to go to Scottsdale for work and it was my first time in AZ. We talked to our Arizona counterparts and told them we wanted to go somewhere, "fun" for happy hour/dinner. They said this was the PLACE to be. 5*-Prices= You can't beat half off on ALL drinks! Most happy hours have certain drinks that are cheap, but they offer ALL of their drinks at half off. The happy lasts like 2 or  hours!!! SWEET!!!3*-Food=So Sapporo is Japanese. The menu was Pan-Asian/ American. You cold order sushi, pad thai, burgers and fries. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular. 1*-Atmosphere=Scottsdale is a very "unique" city. It's basically LA but the people are 20 years older. Women with 25 year-old bodies and 45 year old faces leached onto 60 year old man. I could barely keep the mediocre sushi down.
3	The happy hour sushi and appetizers ("kobe" burger) are a good deal. I've been here a few times while visiting with family, who saw this as an "Asian" restaurant (to give you an idea of their level of sophistication) which they might actually like. There's something for all of us (my parents stick to the cooked fish), and I would come back for the happy hour even if I was paying. The rolls are good for a landlocked state.I have only come here during happy hour and intentionally do not sit at the bar; the plastic crowd is not my scene nor am I theirs. Unfortunately, the bar portion and influence is not really limited to the bar. The place is pretty loud and gets very busy, so it's hard to talk. It was definitely quieter the last time I went, but it's still loud for older people, who don't seem to really be Sapporo's target scene anyway. Also, any place that has a designated driver service at the front that accost you even before you get in the place is both tacky and trouble. I would give them another half star, but I round down, so it goes.
4	I've only been here in the evenings during their Happy Hour. They have two options I think for dining. Table or "Benihana" style with the chef cooking in front of you. I believe that Happy Hour is only at tables, but I'm not sure...For the quality and variety of sushi/appetizers you can order, it is WELL worth the price! The decor is quite nice since it has such a modern design.  One thing I didn't really enjoy was how the chefs scream sometimes. It was quite distracting since it's unexpected, but a small price to pay for such good food! For my friend and I, we ordered 2 appetizers (crab wontons + boneless buffalo wings) and 3 or 4 rolls. Our bill was ~$50.00 and we had left overs. I think we got a bit greedy and underestimated the portion sizes of each roll! they're pretty big.I went here once before with a bigger group of friends during happy hour and ordered a drink from the bar. I forget the name, but I tried all of my friends' drinks and they all tasted yummy and for 1/2 price, that's always a good thing.PROS: Happy Hour selection and pricing, beautiful ambiance, parking is easy since it's in a plaza.CONS: The nice decor kind of warrants people to dress more nicely but for a special occassion, well worth it.
4	If you sit at the sushi bar the sushi is pretty darn good.Service is pretty darn good as well.What's with all the guys in the flower embroidered button down shirts?  (Hint to guys in Scottsdale trying to pick up chicks... ease off on the embroidery and throw on a pair of shoes and socks.)Anyways, they have good sushi at the sushi bar, did i mention that?  Remember rule #1 of sushi - it is ONLY AT THE SUSHI BAR.I suppose you can order rolls at a table, but don't expect greatness (rolls aren't sushi anyways).Oh and the girl next to me had a huge bowl of fried rice that looked amazing.  I'm sure the cooking tables are tasty too, hard to screw that up.They are open late night and serve food late which is fantastic.  Easy parking, good food, good drinks.  Worth a visit.
4	I have been here twice, both times during happy hour, and I have to say that I disagree with most of the reviews here.First off - I did valet my car.  A 2004 Kia Sedona.  There were people there with nice cars, but it was hardly a car show.  Yep, rich people drive nice cars.  Im not jealous.  I dont think the guy driving the Sentra in front of me in the Valet line was to concerned either.Secondly - the women.  Yep.  There are lots of dressed up Scottsdale women here.  Lots of older guys too.  I tend not to pay attention to either when I go out, so I dont know how everyone was behaving.  I go with my girlfriend.  I will leave these comments to the people watchers.Third - the food.  Sushi is pretty much all I eat when I come here.  I find it to be quite delicious.  I have been to dozens of sushi restaurants around Phoenix, Seattle, and California.  The sushi here is good.  Consistent quality, good selection.The service - It can be a little difficult to get the waiters attention.  I think that has to do with what I am going to say next.I think my only complaint is how loud the music has been on occasion.  When I am having to shout to talk to my girlfriend, or I cant hear the sushi chef talking 2 feet in front of me, its getting a little stupid.I think whoever started the loud music trend at these hip restaurants should be publicly flogged.  Hearing aids arent on the menu.
3	SUCH A SCENEI thought I'd jump on the band wagon and write a review with the rest of you.  I have been to Sapporo three times and really did enjoy myself each time.  The sushi is pretty good and the scene is great for people watching.   Much better with a big group...  Two of my Sapporo experiences were in a large group which was fun because there is SO much going on in the restaurant-there was always something (or someone) to talk about and look at.  When I went with a group of 3 it was hard to have a conversation since music was blasting and 70 year old men were trying to impress Barbie looking ladies with their poor chop stick skills...damn arthritisIn Sapporo you feel like you are in LA (...sort of) but, probably the most hilarious thing about this place is that it is in the parking lot of an Ashley's fur nature.  Ooh Scottsdale...
4	Sapporo around Happy Hour is some of the BEST people watching in town.  Want to see cougars on the prowl, park yourself somewhere near the bar.  Ask for the little booth just up the stairs, though, so you are out of hunting range.  It's amazing.And the sushi is great to boot.  I was previously much happier with it until the happy hour menu became slightly more expensive.  Thus the 4 instead of 5 stars.  A few months ago, I would go twice a week for happy hour... make sure the hostess gives you the menu.Be prepared to eat a lot quickly.  These sushi chefs crank out the raw fish like a factory.  Stagger your order if you want, or just be ready to inhale.  It's creative and great!  Too bad about the prices.  No longer can you go, gorge, drink, and walk away $25 the poorer.  Now you're looking at $40 or so, almost full price.  ah well, it's worth it twice a month now, if only for the people watching.
4	Wow this place gets crowded. Got here at 6pm on a thursday evening and found it packed. I was here attending a birthday party with a large group and we had taken up a whole section of their patio. I didn't try the food but had plenty to drink. The drinks are pretty strong and priced half off during hapy hour.   I thought Sapporo was a pretty cool place apart from some of the egregiously dressed patrons. 50 year old men dressed like they're 25 and 40 yr  old+ women dressed like they're 18. This place has a nightclub feel to it despite professedly being a restaurant/bar. Dress like you are hitting up a club and you'll fit right in.
1	This is the ultimate Bro bar and restaurant.It is cramped and packed with Bro's and sluts. The food tastes like poop and usually get cramps followed by toilet time when eating here.The food is over priced and the envoirment is horrible.I like the look but it is way too Scottsdale (in a bad way)Plus Id rather eat out of a garbage disposal.
3	Sapporo's interior and exterior design is quite pleasant, a nice eye catcher that attracts people who pass by. The place, though, gets quite crowded once happy hour comes and as the night goes on. The service is kinda slow and they take awhile to come for your orders. Not only that, the food is over priced and they give you small portions, especially the Australian Lobster tail . The food overall tastes pretty good, above average if you ask me, but you don't get enough. I'd recommend this place as a one time thing, unless you go in a HUGE group during happy hour, then you'll enjoy yourself.
5	If your in the mood to be around people in a nice atmosphere, and share great food this is the place, even though it could be a bit crowded at times, the place has a great "ambiance" i'm not into their sushi but their other dishes on the menu are great!  I also find it a great spot to take a first date, i don't know why, but its my numero uno spot for dates! lol
5	Sapporo is a diverse location. The restaurant features a trendy bar, a traditional dining area and their piece de resistance, the Teppanyaki style tables (Hibachi to some, or even Japanese Steakhouse if you prefer). Their dining room menu looked extensive, but from our perspective, if you are going to go to a place that will do Teppanyaki style, that is what you have.If you have never been to a restaurant in this mold (Benihana's, Kyoto's, Kobe) I highly recommend it. Tables are set up to seat 8 people along one long and the two short sides of a rectangular table. The other side of the table is reserved for the chef to work as he comes and prepares your food on the grill surface in the center of the table. The chef's are trained to not only make delicious food, but also entertain you while you wait. They are masters of their equipment and I am sure do not recommend you try any of their tricks at home in your own kitchen. Sapporo serves your meal with fried rice rather than most of the other restaurants which offer fried rice as an add-on to the meal and serve steamed white rice. I was glad to see fried rice come standard; it is the highlight of the meal for me (isn't it criminal to hear me say that when I order two lobster tails as my entree?). Each dining guest receives a bowl of mushroom soup, a salad with the house ginger dressing, a shrimp appetizer, mixed grilled vegetables and your entree. It sounds like a lot of food. Well, ok, it is a lot of food. But don't worry, while chopsticks are on every place setting, forks are available. Many if not all of these restaurants offer Kobe beef, which before our dinner at Sapporo, I had never tried. One in my party ordered it and offered some to share. I have to make this statement clear: Kobe beef was the best steak I have EVER had. Kobe beef is from cattle whose days feature massages and a diet enriched with beer, and no I am not kidding. (*You will never want to order Kobe beef cooked longer than medium rare.)Sapporo is located at 14344 N. Scottsdale Road near the Greenway-Hayden Loop.
2	Over-priced, over-crowded and every time I have been there...it has confirmed that they pour the worst martini!But if you are looking to 'people watch' this is the place - the interior permits a great open ambiance  with an open area overlooking the bar. I think the exhaust-system isnt strong enough for the Teppan tables because I smell like heavy fried food when I leave!!
5	I am disgruntled by the reviews I have read about Sapporo.  I have a few things to say.1.  I am tired of people complaining about the prices at Sapporo.    When you compare price vs. quality you will always be in a favorable position.  If you cannot afford Sapporo perhaps you shouldn't eat there. I am not trying to sound arrogant, but you truly get what you pay for.   Sapporo consistently prepares the best  sushi I have had in Arizona.2.  I understand wait time may be an issue.  I suggest that you arrive early and anticipate a wait.  Honestly, is thirty minutes on a Friday night going to bother you?  The food is well worth the wait.  3.  Please stop wearing flip-flops and bathing suits.  Perhaps this is the reason you are experiencing "rude" service.  A pair of jeans and a polo is fine.  Sapporo is a Phenomenal restaurant.  In my opinion, Sapporo serves the best Sushi in Arizona.
3	Sapporo's is just ok.  We ate  at Sapporo's tonight just felt  go to dinner. We used to go in the summer a couple of times a month and we enjoyed. But tonight's sushi was very small in size and quantity. The same food that used to stuff us to satisfaction seemed inadequate for dinner.  While i am not the most experienced Sushi eat , I have had many  different places and  it   is not nearly the best of the good ones. The price wasn't great but it wasn't pricey either. But we didn't feel the portions and  taste were nearly as good as when we last had been there. I was also disappointed in the wait staff. We had  to ask for water refills every time, but  if we ate nearly all the food on a platter they kind of perched over us to see if we were finished. The  busser even took my daughters soup and spoon away before she was done.  The waitress seem to come over to talk but not  really to help or check on us. It seemed to be a good dinner. But not a great dinner. I think this would be perfect if you are meeting someone after work and you both want fast no big deal sushi.  I don't think we will make much effort to go again . There are many other places we 'd rather check out for sushi.
4	I went to Sapporo with my partner for his company holiday party.  We had drinks at the bar and then went in to the teppanyaki area where we had a private room.The food was amazing.  I think we had every kind of sushi you can try, and one in particular stuck out in my mind.  It had a jalapeno on the top but unfortunately I don't know the name of it.  I haven't had a roll with that kind of flavor. There was a citrus taste, and oddly it wasn't very hot at all.  It was so delish!  Then came the Teppanyaki and our chef was a lot of fun.  I had the Kobe filet and sea bass.  YUMMM.  I couldn't believe how large the portion of sea bass was and plenty of filet for me to have left over's for lunch the next day. One thing I cannot overlook was the service. It was a little "wonky" to say that least.  Our waitress seemed to be a little hyper and all over the place.  Not to mention she was sucking on a cough drop when she was talking to us. This to me is tacky and unprofessional.  If you are sick, you shouldn't be at work and handling customer's food, not to mention rolling around a cough drop in your mouth...   Overall the food experience was good and I highly recommended.
5	Been MANY times. Done Happy Hour, Bar, Reg. Tables, Patio, and of course the Teppanyaki Tables (Awesome).  Every single visit, all food, all drinks, service always good.  Mind you, if you try the bar on a Thur or Fri Happy Hr, good luck even trying to find standing room, let alone a drink!  You have to fight for your rights.  All in all GR8 experience.  Luv the Kobe burger (& sweet potatoe fries).  BEST SUSHI anywhere AZ.  I think this is a dressy place & hate seeing casual attire there (flip flops, caps, runners).  Great Place for see/B/seen, fabby lunch specials, kids will luv cook tables - always an experience with out of town visitors :-)
4	I am not the biggest sushi fan but that does not stop me from enjoying Sapporo.  Through the years everyone has told us how good it is.  We finally went there for dinner last night (New Years Eve 2009).  One word describes it all.  GREAT!Love the atmosphere and decor, very modern and contemporary.  The service was very was good our server (JC) was very attentive and the food was spectacular.  I even tried some sushi and  enjoyed it.For dinner I had the Teriyaki chicken and steak.... very tasty!  Also had as an appetizer tempura long beans  with a special type of teriyaki sauce.  The rest of the gang feasted on Fish and Sushi for dinner and they all concurred that it was outstanding.A great way to bring in the new year, a new restaurant for us, great food with good friends!
4	Came here because it always looked packed every time I passed by and was pleasantly surprised by the food here. Didn't order sushi, but had their fish and steak entrees which were really good. Will come here again and try teppan and hang out at the bar.
5	Great dining experience!Love the teppanyaki....Had the kobe filet with rice. Also had the rock lobster..both were superb!!  The chef made the entire night a memorable one.... The desserts were amazing... Try the fried bananas sundae!!!
5	This place has got to be my favorite!the Teppenyaki table is awesome, the cooks are very entertaining!
5	This place never fails to impress. Every time I have friends or relatives visiting from out of town I take them here and consistently hear compliments about it. Not only is the food fabulous, but the bartenders are probably the best I've seen around town. It's always a breath of fresh air when you see someone actually enjoying what they do for work rather than moping around waiting for the time to pass. Bravo to this crew and to the music that seems to keep the atmosphere going stong. For those that think its too loud-turn your hearing aid down a bit.  And for those with one bad experience which I could'nt imagine -you're the ones missing out...especially wiht their INSANE happy hour!
2	It is impossible to review this place without commenting on the crowd. I'm speechless with respect to the people who come here for happy hour, granted I went during the Barrett-Jackson, but wow! Are these people for real? First, when you have valet parking in a large strip mall, that tells you something. I guess if you want to have your Chrysler 300 with the 21 inch rims up front, you gotta go valet. Plus, you don't want to mess up your matching Ed Hardy ensemble walking across the parking lot. If you can find a nice corner table near the bar, it's fun to watch the action. It is like a show on the Discovery channel about bizarre human mating rituals. OK...people aside. The staff is friendly and attentive. My Manhattan was average at best, and to no surprise so was the sushi. The sushi wasn't offensive but it was relatively flavorless and the spicy tuna wasn't remotely spicy. Happy hour here is a good look into the Scottsdale scene...frightening as it may be.
5	Home of the $30,000 millionare.I have a real issue with people who knock a restaurant because it's crowded.  As soon as I read a Yelp on the MVD, I'll look for crowd size as a criterion.  Until then, tell me about the food.And the food at Sapporo is sublime.  I have had teppan yaki at probably ten restaurants in the Phoenix area and this is, by far, the best.  There are a lot of really attractive women there, too, so that doesn't hurt.  But that is mitigated by the high douchebag quotient--any happy hour will see the bar full of more tools than your local Ace.  But if you want teppan yaki, this is the place to go.  Also, they have the best fried rice I've ever had (if you don't count those dive Chinese restaurants that are one health inspector away from shutting their doors, that is.  Sanitary?  No.  But def tasty.)  I have been there dozens of times but the teppan is so good that I've never eaten the pacific rim sit down dinners or whatever else they offer.If you do go there, I would say the filet is good enough to make the Kobe beef a waste of money.  And I would highly recommend the calamari steak as part of your dinner.  It is top notch.The moral of the story is that even though it takes a miracle to find a parking spot, and even though your IQ drops ten points just by being around the clientele at happy hour, it's still more than worth it to eat at this place.
3	Although, yes as many of these reviews say, there are a large amount of cougars and washed-up divorcees, you really can't beat their happy hour.If you are a sushi/Japanese food fan.. I definitely suggest hitting up their happy hour (which goes until 7PM! Mon-Fri)The service is good, not great. But usually they are PACKED, so it's understandable. I recommend the Las Vegas roll and they have a fabulous miso soup.
4	Not a sushi fan (actually I'm allergic...I know it sucks) but all my friends rave about Sapporo's sushi. I CAN speak on the Teppan Yaki dishes which are quite yummy. I haven't had a bad meal to date and I've been countless times. Their Happy Hour menu is quite extensive and impressive with way more goodies than most other restaurants (take a peek at it on their website). If my "F*#! the Recession" List were giving awards, Sopporo's HH menu might just win one!!! P.S. If you've never been, its SUPER crowded Thurs-SaturdayEnjoy!
4	Happy hour here is CRACKIN' although, I do have to agree with the whole old man and young blondes comment or the suger daddy thing. I came here twice in one day with a friend, we had cocktails the first time and had to catch a movie so we came back later for dinner.Visit 1Firey flame torches at the entrance..totally hot. Valet parking when there is available free parking 2 feet away ...totally trying too hard. Although the valet parking is only $3, they park your car next to someone who didn't valet..how dumb is that?! that's arizona trying to be California right there...Drinks were good, lotsa people a good mix of upbeat music and lotsa people looking like they're enjoying themselves. Only thing, our waiter seemd angry that we only ordered a drink so to make him happy we ordered another one. I left thinking this must be the hangout in Scottsdale.Visit 2 (1 bad movie and 3 hours later)We were seated after the funny looks of "weren't you guys just here" We had teppanyaki and a bottle of the Robert Hall wine recommended by our cute waitress. We got a table to ourselves and a crazy asian chef who had a strong yan can cook accent. Ironic though, I was thinking to myself, how do you find these people, I bet he speaks perfect english! So after our performance, he said "thank you have a good night" in perfect english!!! wtf!? But the food was mediocre, lots of food came with our order, like rice, soup, etc..so even though the steak and seafood portion is smaller you're filled up. Ill probably never come here again because I'm not from Arizona but I do recommend this for a hip place to be, it's got a great atmosphere and exceeded my non existant expectations of Asian food in Arizona. Ambiance is key here though
4	I'm torn with Sapporo.On one end, this place has become a delicious restaurant, with great flavors and staff.On the other end, this place caters to people who think they're are being "fancy", cougars, people with roofies, etc etc, you get the idea.So for ambiance, it gets knocked down a few. I can only handle so much bass-blasting techno remixes of that santana song from 6 years ago.However, the food is delicious. The las vegas roll isn't super bready, but light and delicious. Their sweet shrimp is meaty, and the shrimp heads are crispy and flavorful.Their happy hour prices cannot be beaten, and for the first roll that I have ever had seared steak on it, very good.I wouldn't go if you hate loud noises, or are craving a traditional experience. Most of the dishes are american fusion,  and of course, Teppan-Yaki doesn't exist in Japan.
4	Went with a party of 10 this past weekend for my best friend's birthday extravaganza. We had teppanyaki and our chef was terrific. He was very funny, inviting, and did a great job with everyone's food. We had a range of dishes from seafood to chicken to very well done steak and our chef handled it all with his silly little giggle. The happy hour prices can't be beat, but man once you get out of happy hour, the drink prices are STEEP! We had drinks, appetizers, sushi, and then teppanyaki. The calamari was chewy, but the bbq chicken egg rolls are great.  The drinks were yummy. I have no idea what kind of sushi we had, but it was pretty darn tasty too. The only reason this isn't a five star review is that our server had the personality of a rock. If he cracked a smile, it might have killed him. We spent collectively close to $500 and I don't think he could have cared any less about us. Too bad too because it reflected in his tip and generally we are pretty generous tippers. We'll go back to Sapporo in a heartbeat though. The people watching is tremendous!
3	Great food and unbeatable happy hour prices. Great service and very friendly staff! Love the bartenders! :O) Atmosphere however is a whole different story. If you like people watching you will get a kick out of all the cougars and old(er) man trying to pick up young girls! Thursday-Saturday the bar area is packed! Consider yourself lucky if you find a table or a spot nesr the bar! Not a place for a date, or a night out to catch up with a friend. Music is just so-o loud! Put everything aside, I am a fan... of FOOD only!
4	Great happy hour food.  Is located in Snottsdale so pays to dress up a bit and cop an attitude there.  If you are okay with that, it is actually a fun place to visit.  Lots of cougars and old dudes... great place to mingle if you want to find a rich person.  I've seen some pretty fancy cars out front on the weekends, ones you wouldn't even know what they are.All in all the food is great though.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Sapporo!  How can u beat a happy hour that runs from 4p - 7p and we are always able to get a seat at the sushi bar.  The bar is always hopping, the music is jamming and the service is excellent.  My favorite restaurant in this area :)
3	My husband and I moved here from the Bay Area last summer, so it's been a tall order finding a sushi place in the desert that we love as much as our old favorites.  (OK, we did find one on Tatum, but of course its doors shut not long afterward - stupid economy).  Sapporo is close to home for us and seemed like a great spot to check out for my birthday dinner.  We knew it would be a bit scene-y, so I threw on a cocktail dress and fluffed my hair, my beloved Director of IT dug up a shirt with buttons, and off we went.The mammoth fire pillars and line of luxury rides at the entry should've been our first clue that the place was probably not going to be our preferred hangout - the second being the stream of highly-plasticized Scottsdalites pouring in and out of the place.  That being said, we were seated quickly (our reservations were originally for teppanyaki, but I really just wanted sushi, so we requested a table, which was accommodated without fuss), and we received fine service from our waitress.  I'm a little sorry we weren't seated closer to the bar for better viewing of the spectacle of Botox and Rolex - but then again, doing so may have put us off of dinner entirely.The cocktail I had, some martini concoction involving pear liqueur and sake, was pretty tasty.  We ordered a bottle of Momokawa Pearl sake, which we hadn't tried before, but our server didn't mention (or know?) that it might be a good thing if we swirled the bottle to mix in the ricey sediment, so 3/4 of the way through the bottle we were drinking - or rather, not drinking - a gritty, milky mess.  We'll read the label sooner next time, I guess. Our calamari appetizer was rubbery and tasted exactly as if it had been breaded in Shake-N-Bake.  The sushi was adequate, but nothing to rave over.   I will say that my husband's teppanyaki steak was well-prepared, the cubes nicely medium-rare as ordered.  Luckily, Sapporo's having a special this month to offer Happy Hour pricing all evening, so the total price for dinner, including the painfully marked-up Momokawa, was not out of line with what we'd expect to pay for similar sushi in California. At any rate, the staff was on top of things and it was fun to play dress-up and check out the scene, but the food was forgettable and I doubt we'll be back soon.
4	I finally got around to trying out Sapporo for happy hour last night.  During the month of June, they are offering HH pricing all the time - great for those of us that work some strange hours and can't always get were we want to go by 7pm!  Even though it was a Tuesday, the place was packed - fantastic people watching.  While there were plenty of people who were there only to be seen (look at me!  look at my outfit!) there were also those who looked like they came out after work.  Our waitress was awesome - she was covering portions of both the indoor bar area and the patio and she was totally on top of our orders.  Thanks!  The HH prices were very good - $4-$8 for most sushi rolls and $6 for my oh so tasty white cosmo.  For that price, of course I had to have more than one!
4	So I finally gave  Sapporo a try last month as was shocked that I actually enjoyed myself. Besides the fabulous friends that I was with, the drinks were really good (That Mango Martini is wow!) I had order the bbq ribs as an appetizer to share and they were decent. The sushi we ordered was plentiful and very good. There were 8 of us and we spent about 24 dollars total with tip. Not to bad considering we went on a Saturday during happy hour and the amount of Martini's we had with dinner. All in all I will definitely return.
2	Went for dinner on a Sat. night. I made reservations 1 week in advance and when my friend and I arrived to check in for our table, we were handed a pager and told we could go STAND in the bar area seeing as how there was no place to sit and have a cocktail. Not real sure why I bothered to make the reservation. About 40 min later we were taken to our table where there was NO ONE else seated at first for the Teppan cooking.Kind of a bummer. About another half and hour and more people were seated. It's only about 10 pm now and my friend is literally starving. The bar area is a joke. Maybe I just don't go to Scottsdale often enough but are these people serious?? There were maybe 4 guys under 25. The rest were in their mid to late 40's. The women were about the same age probably but wore outfits like they thought we wouldn't know how old they were if we just focused on the sparkly sequined shirt and puffy skirts. Or as my friend said, are these ladies re-living prom night or what?? Anyway, food OF COURSE is so over priced and where you think you might get 4 of an appetizer, you get 2. Nothing real special about this place. Once you look beyond the decor and focus on the "scene", service and food-Thanks, I will go to Hon Machi!!
4	I've been coming here pretty regularly since the spring, so I like to think I've got a pretty good gauge of what you can expect.In terms of service, the servers here do pretty well. The servers are attentive and will come by at frequent but not annoying intervals with water or queries about your meal. Also, if they get your order wrong or forget something (which has only happened once in all the meals I've had here), they'll apologize, correct the error, and possibly send you a little something extra in apology.As for the food, there's no place better for a sushi fix. It's not even a contest. The sushi nigiri is pretty standard-- I highly recommend the binnaga, if only for that savory fried garlic topping, and the spicy hotate [scallop]... I make it a point to get this every time I go. Their sashimi cuts are very generous by any standards. I would recommend the Chirashi C sashimi option, which includes two pieces each of sake, hamachi, and unagi, as well as other accompanying elements. For rolls, the Hawaii roll particularly stands out, and the Blue Moonlight's pretty good. Note: If the prices seem to be a little much, just think about how many kinds of fish you'll be getting.  And if you can't make up your mind, go during happy hour, sit at the bar, and have one of the sushi chefs pick for you. The chefs are friendly and polite, and in these moments of indecision (to which I am prone), they'll ask about what you like and figure out what to serve you.Their general attitude is right on par with the decor: warm, friendly, and bright.  Overall, I'd definitely recommend Sapporos if you're in the mood for a non-casual, sushi-filled meal. It's not the end all, be all of sushi, but it's the best sushi you'll find near Scottsdale Airpark, hands down.
3	This place is okay. They serve fried rice versus white rice, so that's a minus one right there. That basically means its not real Asian food, and its commercialized for it to reach a broader audience. I will say the scallops were quite tasty, but jeez, so much salt is on everything. You don't notice this when you're busy drinking, but I had leftovers the next day, and all I could taste was salt. Bleh. It's also Scottsdale, so this place has valet parking, and the Scottsdale crowd. I can't help but feel violated as I walk through the crowd, and there are like 5 pairs of eyes on you as you walk by. You feel all dirty when you leave. It could be because you smell like smoke, but in the end it was a good show that the chef puts on, and a decent meal.
3	Good Restaurant. However, location is strange considering its surroundings. For example, taco bell and burger king.
4	great atmosphere.great food. their LAMB CHOPS should be changed to " TO DIE FOR". Succulent.Mouth watering. You will forget your name when you take your first bite.Thats how good the lamb chops are...........Their teppanyaki is also a killer! great tasting food!extremely pricey though as in over the top pricey.Itll easily set you back by around 50 dollars per person. Just the lamb chops alone per person is 30 dollars and the serving size is quite small.the trippeppered ahi tuna appetizer is what i had.very very small portion size .13 bucks and just on these two orders alone already totalled 43 bucks without taxes...........delicious but not filling so you still need to order more to feel satiated. Otherwise if you feel like splurging on good food this is the place to go!
4	If you come here, don't do it for the sushi.  The sushi here is tolerable, but for similar prices, I would head to some of the other choices around the area.That said, the teppanyaki is wonderful.  Whether you take in the full experience with some of the most exciting & interactive teppanyaki chef's I've encountered at the tables, or just order it at the bar, the quality is unmistakable.  Delicious!The main attraction here in my opinion however, is the atmosphere and the clientele.  As others have mentioned here, this is a place to see and be seen.  I personally have bumped into a Phoenix Suns player as well as an Arizona Cardinals player while eating at the bar.If you're looking for sushi, I'd suggest elsewhere, but if you want a swanky time, nice teppanyaki, good drink specials, and eye candy aplenty (both male & female), this is a great place to stop by.
4	So another first date, another restaurant that I didn't get to chose.  I'll admit, I wasn't terribly excited about going to Sapporo, seeing as it was in North Scottsdale and I had spent my day drinking with a friend at Rose and Crown.  I'm taking date pregaming to a whole new level!So I roll into Sapporo around 9:15, 45 minutes late for my date.  Again, I don't do North Scottsdale and have no desire to visit the land of the cougars and sugar daddies.  But I figured on a Thursday night at 9 that the bar would be laid back.  Boy was I wrong.  I forgot that cougars are living off of their exes and current sugar daddies and they have kids they couldn't give two sh*ts about.  So they were out in full force, and getting very hammered and trying to dance to Lady Gaga songs.  All the money in the world couldn't buy these hags class.But I'm here to get some free drinks and possibly some high quality sushi.  The waitress was extremely attentive and was nice enough to remind us that the kitchen does eventually close, so we should probably order.  I can't remember the exact name of the roll I order, but I went with my usual roll requirements of spicy tuna, avocado, and scallops.  I have to admit that the sushi was fresh, so no complaints here.  And seeing as I didn't have to pay, and was pretty buzzed throughout my whole date I can give this place 4 stars.  Now if I was sober and actually paid attention to the atmosphere and prices, I know this place would drop in stars.Much love to the server Brittany!  You are absolutely adorable and a total sweetheart!
5	My favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix! Food is consistently delicious...atmosphere is great (fun and alive crowd almost all the time.....despite others saying it's just full of douchebags/sugar daddys and cougars.....if you're not out just to judge, then you should be fine)....service is good....happy hour and reverse happy hour on the week-end is THE BEST!   Love it.
3	The sushi here is not too bad. I have been here twice and was entertained alone by the clientele! (Agree with a couple other reviewers on here in regards to the over abundence of sugar daddies and cougars!)Ok back to the food and drinks. They have a pretty extensive sushi menu as well as non sushi items for those who can`t handle sushi. Large drink list as well. Took a party of 10 in here, hit the happy hour which had a good selection. I ended up ordering Teppanyaki and it was delicious!! But check it out for yourself!!
4	I never really frequented Sapporo unless it was during Happy Hour.They have one of the BEST happy hours.There service is great.  Sushi is fantastic. Clean bathrooms. and atmosphere is a total scene but it comes with North Scottsdale.I always come back here when Im back in town visiting.  It's by far one my favorites.
4	I went to eat at Sapporo and  absolutly loved it. When we got there we learned that they were having happy hour and that made me very happy! Not to many places have sunday happy hour, i will be back because of that alone.   We started off with the Tampura shrimp roll and the Las Vegas roll. After that our  teppanyaki chef came out. He was very funny. He did all the same stuff you see them do at the teppan tables but he was fun to chat with. We ordered the filet and shrimp and it came with soup and salad. The salad dressing was so good and I want some to take home. lol The soup at these places are usually all the same but I seemed to enjoy it more here. I feel sometimes it can be watered down a little but not here. The filet was cooked just perfectly for me. (med rare). The shrimp was great and the rice was delicious. It all had great flavor and did not need a sauce but i did dip a piece of shrimp in the ginger sauce they serve and after that i dipped everything in the sauce. The steak, shrimp, and the veggies. That sauce would make anything taste good. Our waitress was nice and very knowlegable about the menue. Our food came out quickly and all was good. I like the ambiance it was not to dark  just right for me. The staff was nice and the food was great.  Ill be back for sure and especialy for happy hour. Most of the rolls were $10-$12 a few at $14 but during happy hour all are half off. Cant beat that! The next day I did hear they failed there health  inspection a month ago with a 6 and then again a week later with a 9. Not to good at all. I hope they have taken care of all the problems but for me it was a great experience and no problems with the food at all.
4	This is my favorite place to people watch in Scottsdale. You will see your typical North Scottsdale stereotype here. Besides that, they have a great happy hour and I've always enjoyed the sushi and appetizers.
1	I do not understand why Sapporo is still in business.  My only two possible theories is it's a mafia money laundering cover... or it's the tourists.  The sushi is the WORST as well as among the most expensive.  The crowd is scary.  The drinks are lame.  Sapporo had it's day.. and it was a fun scene back then (even though the food and drinks were no better then).  But I just don't see why anyone goes there today.
2	Americanized Sushi.  Decent but not for asians.  Fun place though.Bennihannas type of jap bbq show on one small side of the restaurant.  Definitely a tourist or hotspot to checkout though.  I based my rating on the food.  Service was awesome. Would I come here again? Sure!  Happy hour & just fun lounge type of atmosphere.  Don't come here expecting too much for the food, its not authentic when you see no asians here haha
3	The level of noise is deafening, and loud enough to ruin any attempts at conversation.   There's nowhere in the place to get away from it, as management insists on blaring (BLARING) the sound system, which causes the conversations at every table to rise to the level of SHOUTING to be heard.Part of the problem is that Sapporo is as much a bar/pickup scene as a restaurant.A real shame, because the food and service are very good.   But don't go with more than one person and expect to be able to have a conversation.
5	A lot of people love Sapporo for its happy hour - which I have heard is great. Although I live in and love Scottsdale, sometimes you can find some of the more dolled up, trying a little too hard crowd here. Although there are just as many normal, fun people as well. ;) I love Sapporo for the restaurant' s teppan - the chefs are fun and the food is amazing. Sapporo serves the BEST filet i have ever, ever had. It melts in your mouth and is "to die for". You have to try Sapporo - the atmosphere is great.
2	This place is so loud you can't hear yourself think. It's definitely a place to people watch, since you can't really communicate with anyone at your table. The best part of my meal was the salad, even though it was mostly iceberg lettuce. It was crisp and fresh and the dressing was nice and light. The sushi did not seem very fresh but I guess that's what you get in a land-locked state. Each roll we tried was just a little bit off -- either the spice wasn't right or the mix of flavors just didn't work. We also had coconut shrimp which was very coconutty. Not bad just not very subtle. I think their strong suit is likely their drinks. My friend had a mango & something martini which looked like a slushie in a maritni glass. She enjoyed it, the rest of us enjoyed our wine. Wouldn't go back for the food, but maybe for a drink with someone I didn't want to talk to.
4	I am not a great Sushi fan but this place it was one of the best to eat and hang out.  A little bit pricey but if you cant afford it don't go.  I was there with a couple of friends and we did enjoyed a lot.  The food and service were both good.  It is Americanized a lot (music a little bit loud) but guys this is the US and people need something or anything that will look good, comfortable and at the same time will make some money.  You need to take a look and am pretty sure you will love it.
4	My friend had her birthday dinner last night at Sapporo.  We sat at the teppanyaki table which is always a bunch of fun.  Our chef was great cracking jokes the whole time and making everyone laugh.  I ordered my usual sake and Kirin to wash down my food and to eat I had the Chilean Sea Bass (which I found out today is not actually bass or Chilean) and Filet Mignon.  The fish was amazing.  Cooked perfectly and amazing flavor.  I honestly didn't even want my filet after eating it because it was that good.  Thanks for another fun filled evening with great food Sapporo.
3	Its ok. If you like teppan but the sushi needs little attention here.  Better off going to real Japanese sushi places if you want sashimi or anything special.
4	Sapporo has one of the best Happy Hours I have yet to experience.  Great sushi rolls on there happy hour menu and also great drink specials.  They have a young, fun, hip staff that really fits there atmosphere.  I've done there tepanyaki (sp?) a couple times and have always left with a smile!  Sometimes when they are super busy you may not get the best of service, but if you ever worked in the restaurant industry you have a better understanding.  It's a great atmosphere to people watch!  Always something going on.  Although, Sapporo almost seems like a 'clicky' place.  There are a lot of regulars that go there quite often and know all the wait staff (I may go a couple times a month but sometimes see the same faces).  All in all, food is decent and decently priced especially during happy hour.
4	My family wanted sushi again and sapporo was the closest place to the beauty school where my sis was getting beautified, so we went there for lunch/happy hour a little after 3pm.The whole patio was open and the bar was half full. We sat just inside but close enough to the door to enjoy both. Our server was really good and got me a seaweed salad even though I could not find it on any menu(?) We got a Vegas roll, big eye tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll and 2 pieces of octopus nigiri that were all great. Our last roll was not so great. The caterpillar we could have lived without. Its only redeeming quality was it's avocado hat! I liked Ra a little better, but Sapporo had much better service. And way bigger boobs too!ha
3	I've never been a big fan of the teppanyaki places.  Same tricks, same jokes, same food.  At least the genre is consistent.  Sapporo is better than most.  Very clean, the service is good, and they have a private room if you have enough people.  The Happy Hour specials are pretty good as well.
5	I am a huge fan of this place. I haven't ventured outside of the teppen tables, so my viewpoint may be limited. The atmosphere is quite loud and lively, but definitely fun. It is great for a nice dinner with a group. The food is simply outstanding. The soup, salad, and chicken are all excellent, but the fried rice is the absolute best. I have never had better fried rice anywhere. After you have enjoyed the main course, get the green tea ice cream. I hate green tea, but for some reason, this ice cream is amazing. If you like teppen yaki and don't want to deal with the bland food they serve at Benihana, definitely give this place a shot. You won't be disappointed.
4	I come here strictly for Happy Hour.  The prices are phenomenal for the quality and quantity of sushi you get.  Appetizers are just yummy, Kobe sliders, calamari's, etc.My favorite are the Las Vegas rolls, I totally recommend! The decor is very contemporary and posh all around with eye candy crowd during peak hours in the evening.
5	I'm a huge fan of this restaurant.  Happy hour sushi prices are as cheap as it gets, and even the regular menu prices are very reasonable.  I literally ate here at least once a week (every single week) during my first year living in the valley.  Their dinner dishes are also very very good.  My favorite dinner menu item is the salmon with coconut rice and asparagus.  I am a big fan of their Alaskan roll, Shrimp Tempura, and Saute Roll (which for a long time wasn't on the menu and is more expensive than typical at $16 dollars but very much worth it). The atmosphere on most nights during the week is good enough to keep you hanging out and socializing way after completing your meal.  (Beware: Fridays are extremely packed during and after happy hour so I would advise you all to make reservations when possible...or arrive very early)
5	I love Sapporo.  They have reasonable prices, a big menu, great music always playing, entertainment (people watching), etc...Their sushi is very good.  They have fun drinks.  If you make a reservation for dinner you usually don't have to wait.P.S.  They have amazing deals for happy hour, but get there early cause it gets packed!!
4	Fun place for happy hour. Good prices, good food and great staff.
4	Needed a unique restaurant to host Sandra's birthday party and suggested we get a teppanyaki table as the grandkids would have a lot of fun at the table. That suggestion was a hit! The kids eyes were "wide open" during the whole cooking demonstration and Poppy was a hero for taking them to this cool place.Food was very good and had some outstanding appetizers and drinks. Sapporo keeps on delivering not only food but atmosphere. I have been there several times (without the kiddies) and the sushi is very good. Loved the Poki, Lamb Chops and Hoisin BBQ Ribs appetizers along with Sushi and Sashimi.The Teppan Menu allows great combos whether steak and seafood or seafood and chicken. Can't really go wrong with any of the combinations. Wife decided to have the Emperor which includes Lobster and I had the Imperial. Everything was cooked to perfection and the kids thought this was the "coolest" birthday dinner and Jacob announced that this is where he wants to come. (Sorry Peter Piper!)Great experience.
1	It's a cool looking place but the crowd was very random. From dressy to gym shorts the atmosphere was off for me. Service wasn't great, brought our appetizers with our main meals and we had no room on our table. Had to use the ledge next to the table for the dishes. Our waitress took forever clearing the plates and we were given two bills by two different staff members. Given all that the food was average.
3	Good food, good prices, not great if you want to chat as the venue is very loud. Also, the bathroom smelled like someone crawled in and died. I know I should have told the manager but didn't. Hate to eat and rat, though. What can I say?
4	Great Summer Happy Hour! 1/2 off drinks and discounted apps/sushi.  Been there twice this week. Had sushi the first time and ribs the 2nd. Both we're great. We'll be regulars all summer.
4	I'm not one to scribble out reviews but felt the urge to do so after searching aimlessly for a place to take a date for sushi the other day.  I've visited Sapporo before but it's been a few years since I've walked through their doors, mainly because of the DB Scottsdale crowd that seems to pour out of the bar every night of the week.  My friend suggested we go here as she'd never been so I sucked it up and agreed while expecting the usual.  I read the reviews in hopes maybe it had changed since I moved back to the valley and saw it was under new ownership which provided a bit of hope.The Good-  No Scottsdale DBs!  I couldn't believe it!  Granted, it was a Monday evening but the bar was pretty quiet, you could hear yourself and I think I only spotted one pair of bedazzled Rock Republics on a 45 year old.  I found myself wondering, "Are they all at Blue Martini now?"We sat at the sushi bar (we were the only ones that did) and I have to admit the sushi was good.  Much better than I remembered from ages past.  Definitely recommend the big eye tuna, awesome roll.  Waiter was friendly and came around fairly frequently although the chefs were so bored they got our sushi out before the edamame came.The bad-  what did they do to the decor?  It isn't that bad except for the jellyfish tanks!  I can understand not keeping them up as I'm sure the cost to maintain is a lot but who did they hire to come up with a design to cover them?  Really, they are like the fat girl competing in a swimsuit competition.  You can't help but look at them and they clash with everything else; hideous!Good food, good service, no DBs = 4 stars from me
3	Friends were craving for some sushi and martinis, and decided to check Sapporo out. So here is a bit of recap:Pros:+Decent sushi (Las Vegas roll, Eel roll, and Alaskan roll). I personally really liked the Alaskan roll.+Good Martini, especially the White Cosmo and Kobe Pear+Also tried the Hoisin BBQ Ribs, omg, they were so goooooood! The meat was tasty, sauce was lightly sweet, yummmm~+Great serviceCons:-Music was not so good, and during our three hours, there were at least 5 songs probably repeated 3 times... really?-A-Okay crowd around the bar. But you still hear babies crying and kids screaming from the other side.-Not so friendly hostesses..I might wanna go back just for the ribs, and with the HH price? why not...
4	Sapporo is one of my favorite sushi spots in town. Coming from NYC, I had my fair share of disappointing attempts at finding good sushi, but Sapporo actually has remained on the top of my list for AZ for the 4 years that I have been here. As everyone knows, the crowd is pretentious and the music is too loud. Fine. You can avoid this by going from Sunday-Wednesday. The food is great. Their happy hour is pretty good, although they recently raised their pricing ($5 for a California roll during Happy Hour?Really?).My favorite rolls include the shrimp tempura roll, Alaskan roll, and sautee roll (pricey but worth it- to me, at least). I used to adore their mango passion frozen martini until they started to serve them with less alcohol, thereby sacrificing the flavor and worth. The nigiri is great: fresh, big portions. The calamari is awesome with an addicting dipping sauce. My advice is to check Sapporo out on their "off-days" so you can avoid the hustle and bustle of a crowd looking more TO fish than for fish. If you can handle not being able to hear the person with whom you're dining in exchange for really fresh sushi and good drink deals (50% off, plus 75 cents) then try it out. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
2	If you are looking for a suburban-like, strip mall, sushi restaurant with  New Kids On The Block playing on the radio, Sapporo is the place for you. Unfortunately, it is not the place for me.
4	went last night for their reveal event for the march of dimes...awesome atmosphere, the food rocked and the drinks were flowing!  Can't wait to go back and see chef ray for teppanyaki, he was so entertaining we never wanted to leave his table and the food was just as good.  Excited for our next adventure to Sapporo for happy hour because it's an amazing deal!!  :) P.S. the dessert bar rocked as well...I was so impressed, I didn't really have high expectations of dessert and I was totally blown away.  Bananas Foster, Cheese Cake Lollipops and banana won tons yum
4	came here for a late dinner with my roommate. it was a perfect night to get seating in the patio area by the bar. i love the decor and the atmosphere. we started with a couple of drinks...i got the bourbon ginger lemonade and roomie got the mango mai tai. somehow the drink order got mixed up and i ended up getting a fuji apple sangria instead. however, our waitress was super nice and threw in the sangria for free and came back with the drink i ordered. they were all very good but strong. the sushi was pretty standard, they were yummy but nothing really stood out. we also had the poki appetizer which was awesome. reverse happy hour starts at 10pm so as soon as it was time we ordered a round of sake bombs since all their drinks are half off. we were getting the party started! =)the only drawback to this place is that its not really close to anything else. it would be perfect if it was located in an area that was walking distance to other bars/lounges.
5	Love this place. Went here on a Wednesday night (avoid Thursdays unless you like pickup bars with guys wandering out of the bar and into the seating area)They have a huge seating area with teppanyaki tables in part of it, and a big bar in about 1/3 of the place.  The Happy hour prices made it worth going (before 7pm)VEGAS roll is the bomb, Spicy tuna is excellent. If you can look past the music and the cheeseballs at the bar on the way in and out, this is some GREAT sushi.  Don't bring a date on Thursday!
4	Food is great and prices are comparable. I get the Vegas and the Caterpillar rolls and they are tasty. The signature drink is good and you can tell they are not watering it down. You have to try the Kobe sliders- deelish. I don't care if they use ground turkey, they are so good and the pickles and sauteed onions that come with it are excellent!
4	Pretty damn expensive, but I don't think I could ever get sick of the teppenyaki!
4	Sapporo has been a family favorite for years. We had not been in for maybe 6 months or so. It was a really a great experience last night. We were not aware that there are new owners now. Chef Steve Byrne, Director of Culinary Operations for the whole parent company, was attentive to the entire dining room- checking on food prep; diner's experiences and quality. It has definitely paid off.  We started with the new menu item- pork belly- which literally melted in our mouths. Our son, 13 and his best friend loved it too. Then we ordered our family favorite- teppanaki. Hubby had the calamari steak (DIVINE); I had a NY strip and the kids had steak as well. The meal started impressively with the salad made at the table. They have significantly upgraded the salad adding fresh beets and a fresh ginger dressing instead of the pre-made stuff they had formerly. The teppanaki chef did a great job, entertaining everyone and cooking the food perfectly. The only suggestion I have is that I asked for medium rare and I was closer to medium but it was tasty. BTW, Happy Hour pricing is the way to go. Big discounts on drinks and smaller portioned (but still more than one can eat) teppanaki meals that are affordable and will bring us in more often. Check it out before 7:00 pm All in all a great experience and we are going back for hubby's birthday on Christmas Eve!
2	I sat at the sushi bar, ordered a couple rolls, both were not good. The server was slow, people were screaming, and I was annoyed. I also got a charge on my bill for something I had not ordered. I notified the waitress and she took it off, but still. The decor was pretty, that's about it.I'm curious about all the raving reviews, which is the only reason I went here. Do people just not know what quality is, or am I just spoiled?
4	My friends and I went to Sapporo for a few a few drinks and to hang out. Luckily at 10 pm, they have reverse happy hour. 40% off drinks and $3 off specialized cocktails (excludes wine bottles) along with their special menu.I decided to get two rolls - California and Scottsdale. Both had a little spicy kick. Not the best sushi I ever had, but they satisfied me. As for drinks, I had two Cucumber Sage Martinis. Very refreshing, but very strong. I was tipsy after the second one.Great happy hour place.
4	Sapporo is solid. Went with boyfriend and family visiting from out of town for teppan happy hour (7 days a week. 3-7pm). As entertaining and delicious as promised. A ton of food. NYstrip and chicken were delicious as was the veggies. Ok fried rice. Scallops well cooked but not very tasty. Sushi was great as well. The bus boy was pretty shocked there were no leftovers. Go early to avoid the crowd.
5	What a wonderful dining experience.Service was great, drinks were fast, the food was very flavorful with a nice presentation.  Price was higher than a typical dining experience, but warranted.My first time going and it was a group from the Ferrari club that organized it.  Sometimes group sizes can be challenging, not so here.  Parking out front was reserved and seating was promptly ready at 6:00PM.  We were seated in the private glass windowed Teppan Room up front and we were quickly greeted and offered cocktails.  The happy hour menu was presented and our waiter, Andrew, kept us filled and reminded us when the discounts were about to end.  I wavered on my first selection and asked the him for a drink recommendation.  He responded with a few and the sage and cucumber martini caught my eye which was happy hour priced.  I mated it with two sushi starters, the Sapporo Roll and Rainbow roll.  The martini was refreshing with a light herbal overtone and the two house rolls were exceptional.Our group of four on the North side of the room also received an extra Salmon sushi roll at no charge.  Light orange in color with a very mild flavor, it was a gracious gift.  As we approached dinner the staff added two more gifts to our group, large communal bowls of mai-tai-like drink with a flaming lime slice floating in the middle.  It made for a very fun group social activity (see photos!).Jan had pointed out the Filet Mignon and scallops at $20 so we decided to have those.  Our prep chef had a nice salad presentation of salad with ginger sesame dressing.  Our chefs entered our Teppan room and the action started, jokes were flying as well as food!   First off was the fried rice.  Our chef expertly rolled an egg on his metal spatulas' edges, flung it in the air several times and only after 5 mins of acrobatics, just when we started to doubt it was fragile, he allowed it to crack and start the cooking of the fried rice.  As we all clapped he flung another egg directly at Carol next to me, only to find out it had been hollowed out.  The group roared in laughter from her sartled response!  Our plates lined the Teppan counter and I never saw him dribble each one with a flammable, but the next thing we knew there was a wall of fire on our plates as he cooked the stir fried vegetables.  Main course was next and the scallops and fillet were expertly done.  Complimentary Lychee sorbet finished off the evening.
1	Will not go back. 1st we all ordered and one person ordered sushi and the rest of us ordered dinners....THE DINNERS CAME OUT 5 MINUTES BEFORE THE SUSHI. After we were handed our plates and started to eat my girlfriend said that her dish was very spicy, i then thought my was not. She ordered cashew chicken and i ordered Kung pao. After looking at the dishes we noticed that the food runner gave us the wrong dishes. I mix my food and she likes it separate, so we asked the waitress to fix their mistake. She agreed but came back a few minutes later and told me that I did indeed have the Kung Pao and girlfriend had the cashew. At this point i was done, i told her never mind i did not want anything to eat. Minutes later the mgr came over and argued the same thing. I asked her "does Jung APO have red peppers?" she said yes. Then I asked if the cashew chicken had carrots and she said yes. The menu says the exact opposite. the only thing that these 2 women did right was taking the meals off the check. If they would have admitted their mistake and fixed the problem i would have been fine.....instead i paid $23 (the drinks and HH food) and am going to bed with no dinner. I will say that i will not be returning to this place.
4	Very sexy place where people love to be seen. Very pretentious but I liked it! Food is just ok - I have had better!
4	Good sushi in an awesome, modern enviornment.  Their happy hour is actually pretty decent, It was definately fun on a Firday night, They will also shuttle you to a bar or a club or your choice (even as far as Old Town from here). This is a great place to take someone special to celebrate an anniversary or even a first date.
3	On atmosphere alone I'd give Sapporo five stars. The restaurant offers a trendy, modern decor and its spacious enough to accommodate the vibe you're seeking, whether it's an intimate date, the bar scene, the sushi bar, a group hibachi table or a large party on the patio. And the servers are all gorgeous. Yes, this is the place "to be seen" in Scottsdale. Food was pretty good, although we just stuck with the happy hour menu. With half price wine and cheap rolls it was a reasonably priced meal. We had the tuna nigri, caterpillar roll, spicy salmon roll, veggie roll and the Kobe beef sliders. Tuna was decent, nothing amazing. The rolls were really small too. There was so much eel sauce on the caterpillar roll that when I went to pick up a piece it fell a part in a soggy mess into my soy sauce (which splashed onto my freshly dry-cleaned cream-colored silk blouse. Lovely.) Spicy salmon was standard--nothing special. I enjoyed the veggie roll the most; the biggest of what we ordered, it was crunchy and flavorful. Kobe beef sliders were delicious but, seriously, who messes up Kobe beef?There is one thing that bothers me while dining at a sushi place: requesting more ginger & emphasizing A LOT more ginger and not receiving it (or receiving a puny pinch). I put in requests to two servers and, after waiting 10 minutes, was brought literally three pieces. Call me picky, but seriously, ginger is a freakin Japanese condiment. Show me the money! (or ginger, in this case). I do wish to return to try some hibachi. The aromas wafting around the place from the hot tables was intoxicating. Maybe they'll redeem themselves with more ginger.
2	I was the least bit impressed. I made reservations for a private room for a special occasion that was to be held here. As a host, I made sure I arrived about 15-20 minutes earlier just to make sure that the reservations were okay so that we can be seated and my entourage wouldn't have to wait. I was told that they were running about 15 minutes behind schedule so we'd be seated about 15 minutes after our RSVP time. That's fine with me, but the wait turned out to be 1.5hrs. long TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE. We ended up having to be seated at two separate tables in the regular dining area. Complete disaster. The waitress was a wreck. The sushi was not the absolute best, I cant imagine trying this place again anytime soon. A complete disappointment.
3	on our journey north to the Musical Instrument Museum, we stopped at Sapporo for lunch.  The space is ultra-swanky and hip and full of the typical Scottsdale "beautiful people."  we started with edamame...can't go wrong there. Mom had the Japanese chicken curry noodle bowl that was full of flavor and the noodles were just the right texture.  I had the pad thai tacos that were a flavor explosion -- two tacos, choice of Seared Sea Bass orHoisin BBQ Pork, (I got one of each) Pad Thai Slaw, Sriracha Remoulade and avocado in a rice paper shell.  Hubby had the same as they are SO good.  Service was a bit too cloying, and a bit too much of the upsell (no we don't want a drink at 1130 in the morning).  But the food was excellent for the price.  Next time we find ourselves in the nether reaches of north Scottsdale, we'll stop in again.
3	This is a happy hour review My favorite thing about this happy hour is that top shelf alcohols are included. I get my goose/soda for $5 ea! Awesome!First couple times back to Sapporo HR since the owner change. I had very low expectations, so I guess I was a little surprised that the sushi wasn't half bad for happy hour selections.  Eel and cucumber was decent, as well as the spicy tuna, and the tempura shrimp roll.  We also tried the sliders and they were better than expected.  You get 4 and they come with 4 different toppings, some kind of chili aoli, ketchup, caramelized onion, and a bbq. The creme brulee cheesecake was decent as well. If you can get past the different lighting and the 2 giant fish tanks which are now covered and disguised as obnoxiously oversized saka daru (sake drums).  Not that much has actually changed.  Still packed, same crowd, decent happy hour.Get there early to snag a table with a better view of the bar. Happy hour can also be ordered at the sushi bar, if you don't want to be in the crowded area.
4	Well, if you can get past the scene of the 50+ aged tan wrinkle men trying to pickup the 20 something plastic barbie dolls.....  the food I think is great here .I'm from Atlanta and when in Scottsdale we always make sure to eat here.   Sushi wise love the surf and turf, Scottsdale and Rock & Roll.   Habatchi is like any other as how can you screw up filet migon but the fried rice flavor is great!!Music is loud at times if your trying to have a conversation.   The happy hour prices are great.
4	Expensive but tasty lunch. Bold, distinct flavors, nice plating. Handsome but noisy room.
3	It's a scene from the movies. Fancy fire at the entrance. Killer lighting throughout the restaurant. It's got a very trendy vibe to it.This is the spot for any occasion. Guys night out, a date, whatever. They've got killer Hibachi tables which I am dying to try. A cool bar. I recently popped in for Happy Hour and everything was priced well. The Kobe sliders were delicious. The one thing could've been better was the Caterpillar roll...it was drenched in eel sauce and not only did this make it hard to eat with chop sticks, but the flavor overpowered the roll. Sad faces.Also, my one pet peeve about Happy Hours which knocked the place down a star....being sticklers about Happy Hour to the very minute. I hate that BS. Just because it's 8:01 or 7:01 and it's busy, doesn't mean you can't do the honorable thing and do a customer a favor by offering one last drink or appetizer at a happy hour price.I don't care if the computer won't let you do it. Have a manager fix it. Come on. It's not me being cheap....it's me asking for customer service and decency. It's the kind of thing that will make me feel good about telling my friends about the great experience I had at Sapporo.
4	Honestly, I don't care for the ambience of this place at all. It's always WAY too noisy, I can barely have a conversation. But my 4 star rating is based SOLELY on their happy hour sushi prices. I seriously cannot find a place with cheaper sushi prices during happy hour. And you know what? Their sushi is pretty damn good. Not the best, but I like it. The Las Vegas roll is very yummy. Always comes out nice and toasty! If you're a sushi lover like me, this is the place to go for happy hour. You simply can't beat $4 for a LV roll anywhere. Service is quick and the staff is always friendly. If you can ignore the loud music and typical Scottsdale crowd, you'll love it.
5	So I saw this place while driving and the first thing that came to mind was the movie Date Night and the restraint claw.  FIRST OFF YOU NEED RESERVATIONS!!The first this I ordered was the Surf & Turf roll, it was phenomenal! The combination of the tempura crab and filet where cooked great and the sauce with tobacco was one of the best I have ever had. The soup was bland :-(The salad was made table side and the guy who made it was very enjoyable and had fun with us serving it. The dressing on it was perfect and had a nice kick to it.The fried rice they cooked was cooked perfectly and none of the rice was hard at all nor the vegetables in it. the egg in the rice was also cooked perfectly and not runny or to hard at all.I ordered the Shrimp and Scallops, the shrimp where cooked to perfection and not dry nor chewy in any way. the scallops where cooked till the out side was semi caramelized and not dry nor chewy ether. booth where oh so good!The vegetables; mushrooms, carrot, onion, and squashes; it was cooked great also and all had such a great flavor together too.The desert,  Blueberry sorbet,  it was more like a granita but oh so good. it may have been a tad to sweet but still really good.
3	Coming from Chicago I have eaten at awesome Teppanyaki places such as Rok Bonki, and Ron of Japan (not as awesome as Rok Bonki for the record).  We had an absolutely rockin' server, Ashton.  She may be the sweetest, most friendly and attentive server I've ever encountered in my life.  She was quick to refill our drinks and checked in with us often.  The salad was tasty, but the soup could have used some chicken or noodles, it was boring as is.  I had the filet mignon and shrimp.  The happy hour prices were great and we saved ourselves about $50.  The portions weren't as large as I thought and the shrimp seems a tid bit overcooked.  The ginger sauce was good, but the mustard sauce was lacking flavor.  I may go back and try other items not on the Teppanyaki menu.
5	Trendy sushi and teppan grill that is priced well for what you get.  Try the sushimi platter and get a spot outside!
4	Sapporo is a nice place to get your sushi fix. And by nice I simply mean that the food is fresh, and well priced. I'm not going to tell you that the rolls are amazing, the nigiri mind blowing, and the alternative menu super creative... But I promise that you will leave glad that you ate here.Happy hour is easily one of the best deals around, sushi or otherwise. Half priced sushi and drinks are something I will always adore, especially when well executed, and in the case of the cocktails, strong. Look, you can find better sushi at a lot of places, but more often than not, a heck of a lot worse (sushi brokers, Ra, stingray). If you're in the area, stomach begging for that soy and wasabi kick and a couple bombers, patronize sapporo, you won't be disappointed! And the edamame is done right too...with tons of sea salt.
4	So, firstly when you enter this place for happy hour, its difficult to believe you are in Phoenix. It seems more like LA . Its crowded, people are hip, there is energy in the place and the food is great. Went with a friend for happy hour. So , now while I was not too happy with my cocktail (Mango mai tai) , I loved the food. We ordered the caterpillar roll, the salmon roll and shrimp tempura. The crab puffs werent too great but the stuffed shrimp was awesome and very filling. The service was excellent even though it was really crowded and the ambience is lovely, the music was great. However, its not difficult to have a conversation with your friends as its not so noisy. . Would definitely recommend. They dont take reservations for happy hour, so get there early if you are in a big group.
3	This place is hard to miss when driving on Scottsdale Road. It's got two flame towers that are on every evening surrounding a outdoor patio in the front of the restaurant that always seems poppin' with people. So for the past few months the fiance and I have been saying "We need to try that place" every time we pass by it. Finally, the time came and we found ourselves at Sapporo early on a Saturday evening.We were seated right away although the place was pretty packed. It's a big restaurant with a lot of tables and most people are sitting at the bar or outdoor patio. We were pleasantly surprised when our waitress informed us it was still happy hour for a little while longer and gave us the HH menu so we could take advantage.The fiance promptly ordered a couple beers which were half off. Good thing since drinks are normally pretty pricey. We ordered a variety of sushi including spicy tuna, unagi, crunch roll and a couple others. The rolls are decent enough with a good, fresh flavor and appropriately sticky and sweet rice. Our waitress was super nice and helpful which made the experience much better. With the amount of people in the place I didn't have high expectations for attentive service but she was so cheerful and checked on us often.The ambience is as hip and trendy as a sushi place can be here in Arizona. Good for people watching and satisfying the sushi craving. It's the typical sushi spot that the fiance and I are used to being from SoCal where stylin' sushi is a dime a dozen. Sapporo fits right into our books so we'll probably be heading back whenever we want to grub on on good soosh on happy hour prices.
4	I have been coming here for a couple of years now for one reason and one reason alone. HAPPY HOUR! They have a fantastic happy hour 7 days a week until 7 p.m.. They have specials on all of their drinks and sushi specials as well. The crowd can get annoying as it is in Scottsdale, but they have a nice indoor/outdoor bar for when it is not too hot. Last time we were here, the credit car machine was not working so the waitress gave everyone at our table another beer on the house while we were waiting. Can't complain about that!!!
2	I've always wanted to go here.  The flames outside intrigued me.  So we went on Wednesday night around 8pm.  We were sat fairly quickly with no reservations for habachi.  Music is pumping, and the crowd is a bit older/slightly cougarish.The service was...OK. He went missing from time to time.  He brought me a diet coke after I had only taken a few sips out of my glass.  I must of gotten 4 new glasses by the end of the meal.Soup....is your basic mushroom miso soup.Salad...Tasty, spicy, had a nice kick.  Fresh crunchy greens.Fillet and Chicken....Eh....I found the flavors lacking, the steak a little chewy, and the chicken boring.  Even the dipping sauces were lacking.74 for dinner plus tip for two.  I think you can get better elsewhere.  Not worth the drive down to Scottsdale, find a local joint closer to home.
5	I've been frequenting Saparro's happy hour for several years, and for good reason.  Aside from beautiful decor and beautiful people, the half price sushi and super strong drinks keep me coming back for more.  Many a late night, I hit the reverse happy hour for a late night sushi craving, always leaving satisfied.   I'm glad I don't live closer to Sapporo, I'd spend all my free time and money there.
4	I really like what they've done to the place.  It looks a lot better.  There's always a good crowd in the bar.  Fun place for happy hour or dinner.  Just went on Saturday night and the Sous Chef was so great! He was bringing out Pad Thai Tacos to another table. I had to have them.  SOOOOO good.  Try them.  I guess they're on the "lounge menu." I also had the shrimp stuffed with lobster. I was in heaven.
4	Love this place - have been here several times and would definitely go again if it wasn't so far from home and work.  The ambiance is fabulous!  The teppan table is the best and the sushi is good too.  Only 4 stars because I haven't had more sushi to sample to make certain that it's a 5.  :)
4	Really good happy hour specials and Atmosphere is awesome!
4	I know teppanaki can be kind of cheesy but I don't care.  I love teppanaki food! The decor and atmosphere of this place is incredible.  Its very chic and sexy.  I personally loved the teppanaki food there.  My friends weren't crazy about it, but they aren't the ones rating it.  Drinks were expensive, but I'd like to go here for happy hour even though I hear its cougarville at that time.  I will definetly go back again!
5	This is by far my favorite sushi place in the valley. You get to grub on DELICIOUS sushi while also people watching (mostly middle-aged folk, cougars mostly, going through what seems to be a mid-life crisis). The service is always superb. I never need to ask for a refill or have someone clear the plates. They got their shit together there. The Yummy Yummy Roll is my absolute fave ($12). It's basically a shrimp tempura roll topped with spicy tuna, spicy mayo, and a dab of siracha. Try it and you'll be addicted.The teppanyaki rocks too! Be sure to go during happy hour. You get reduced pricing at the teppanyaki tables and you still get a ton of food.
1	I love sushi.I love happy hours.This sushi was not good. Pretty much your "intro"rolls. You know the California Rolls, the rolls filled with cream cheese and topped with some sauce, and of course the fried rolls.So, nothing against more "commercial" chains, but if you have to go that route, RA would be a much better option. Not to mention, they have a much better happy hour.If you want good sushi, real sushi, go to Nobou or Roka Akor.Sapporo = overpriced and yucky.
3	We always go here for happy hour whenever in town.  Quality of fish is ok, you pretty much get what you pay for.  I remember having the spicy tuna roll and spicy salmon roll, and they were pretty good.  My son (5yr old)loves California rolls but I think he was disappointed here because an imitation crab stick was used instead of the crab salad.People watching is great here.  During Spring Training you will see a lot of guys in baseball jerseys, mixed in with the cougars who frequent the place.
4	This is a good place for happy hour when the weather's nice.  In the bar or out on the patio this place is usually busy with people of all ages.This last visit my bottled beer was probably served with one of the coldest chilled glasses I've ever had.  The coconut chicken skewers were pretty good as well.
5	Delicious! And right across the street from my office! Cucumber Sake Drink!   Delish!
3	Decided to take the fam out for dinner. We kinda need these types of places with the wild little 4 year old we've got. We made a reservation, glad we did. it was pretty busy, but it was also the beginning of happy hour. We opted for the teppanyaki table. The happy hour menu has several decent priced apps, some well priced basic sushi rolls and a decent amount of teppanyaki dishes. Wifey ended up ordering teppanyaki off the happy hour menu and it shaved $8 off of her dinner! I opted to get the steak and shrimp off the big boys menu. The chef was funny, the food was pretty good. I did think the rice was a bit dry and the veggies were a bit undercooked but I really didn't mind. Normally I would, but the service was great and it was just a good environment. The negative things were the waaaayyyy too loud music and the food was probably a 6 or maybe a 7. Other than that, it was a good experience. I'd definitely go back. Each teppanyaki meal came with rice, veggies, the meat you chose, a shrimp appetizer and a sorbet dessert.
4	Last night we came here for dinner in the mood for Teppanyaki and in an effort to avoid Benihana. We came a little after 5pm on a Friday and it was packed. Luckily we made a reservation which you can do on their website. Very convenient. Once we were seated, the server went over the menu with us and explained it very well which was helpful. The happy hour menu (until 7) could be used all over the restaurant and included rolls, some apps, and even better meals from the teppenyaki menu. For the reduction in price, the portion of the meats were reduced. I ordered the shrimp with calamari steak off the happy hour menu ($16) and I did not feel like I missed out by not ordering it off the regular menu ($24). I had plenty of food when factoring in the salad, fried and veggies. The teppan meals also come with miso soup but I wasn't feelin it. For drinks, my husband and I split a large Sapporo ($4.75) and we ordered a crispy calamari app that was pretty good. The chef did the usual tricks which the kids at the table loved and I liked how he played to them. It was fun and I actually saw some tricks I have never seen before. I forgot to add that the meals came with a mango sorbet at the end that was very yummy. The bill came out to $85 which included 2 drinks, 2 kids meals (that included their drinks), an appetizer, a teppan meal from the happy hour menu, and a teppan meal from the regular menu. For the amount of food we got, I thought it was good. I also really enjoyed the music they played (Usher, Pitbull, etc). I had a great time on this Friday night.
4	Wonderful Patio!! Firey pillars mingled with a waterfall surrounding the wall of the patio, and the lovely AZ weather provided a perfect evening happy hour atmosphere! Happy hour specials cannot be beat; being from MN, $10-$15 is average for maki sushi, but on happy hour, usually one only sees the simple rolls (cucumber, salmon, spicy tuna if you are lucky) priced at $5-$7.  At Sapporo, there were "specialty" rolls priced at $5-$7 for the happy hour! Not to mention the yakitori sampler, cream cheese/crab wontons, kobe sliders, and more! I think our group of 6 ordered about 10 different happy hour items, and every one of them was delicious. The only ones that I would rate "average" and not "fabulous" were the sliders and the sweet potato fries. They were good, don't get me wrong, but the wow factor was not there. I was SO impressed with the quality, the price, and the service. The manager came over to chat a couple of times and even comped us a beverage because one of our numerous drink orders was not quite up to par. Great experience, and next time I am in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I will be back!
2	Overpriced, scallops were rubber.  The circus at the table was entertaining though
3	I'm starting to think that the best teppan grill restaurant is just marginally better than the worst teppan grill restaurant. I would rank Sapporo around the middle so I would say its almost the same as the best and the worst. The food was good but not great. Service was excellent as with pretty much every teppan restaurant. Cook was cool. Did the same old tricks that every other cook does. Its like they have a newsletter that goes out to each and every one of them. Japanese egg roll, volcano, yada yada yada. Had a pineapple martini which was very good.
3	I am a huge fan of sushi. Especially cheap, happy hour sushi. Sapporo was really great. We ended up wanting to have happy hour sushi for a birthday dinner and most places dont accept reservations/. Sapporo was easily able to accommodate our large group of 12. The service was good, the waiter was patient and friendly to our large group. The way the place was laid out was neat, there were a lot of different sections with different groups of people which was nice to not feel crowded. I read some reviews about the music being too loud, I personally do not event remember hearing music until I was standing on the curb saying my goodbyes.For the sushi, I really enjoyed the Alaskan Roll and the Yummy Yummy rolls they were both very good. I read another Yelper's review about the yummy yummy and I took the leap and gave it a shot- i wasnt disappointed :)I thought it was a good experience, we'll definitely go back. The happy hour price was fair, our service was good and the food was quite tasty. I am looking forward to trying the tepenyaki tables!
4	I recently wrote a review of a sushi restaurant much closer to home, wherein I lamented over not being able to find good tasting and good priced sushi in the West Valley, also commenting that hubby and I would prefer not to deal with the noise, crowds, or 40 min. drive time each way to get to our fave Scottsdale sushi restaurants. Well, I'm here to tell you I've CHANGED my mind! No, not about the "sushi crisis" in the West Valley. We have no reason to go anywhere else but Sapporo!Yesterday was our wedding anniversary, and we have always enjoyed the sushi at Sapporo, so we decided to make the drive there. SO GLAD WE DID! Noise? Okay, the music was loud, but it was GREAT music. Nothing like eating great food while tapping your foot or nodding your head to the beat. It wasn't so loud that we couldn't have a nice conversation with each other. Crowd? The restaurant was full but we were seated immediately. It was about 5:15 p.m. The layout of seating has been changed since we were there last, and it was better, no feeling of claustrophobia or being trapped by people. We also found the crowd to be diverse, with an average age of 45+, no overly loud or overly "plastic" people. On top of it, it only took 30 mins. to get there. Our good looking waiter was prompt and attentive - 3 great qualities in waitstaff. Our food came out immediately, as each was prepared.Sapporo's Happy Hour Menu cannot be beat! And the sushi is WONDERFUL. We ordered 2 spicy tuna rolls (now THAT'S spicy tuna, thank you very much) which were only $5 each, 2 tootsie rolls (my FAVE) another $5 each, and a satay trio appetizer consisting of 6 large skewers, 2 each of chicken, beef, and deep fried shrimp roll. It came with 2 different dipping sauces and an apple slaw with feta and walnuts - $8. Sushi was EXCELLENT - so fresh, perfect size, mostly filling and a little rice (not the other way around like a lot of "happy hour" sushi can be). Appetizer was good, although just a teensy bit dry (remember, I'm a foodie, so I'm extremely particular). That's the only reason I didn't give a rating of 5 stars.  Wanna "get your real sushi on"? Get to Sapporo, ASAP! We'll be back, SOON!!!
4	Very good food. The tepanyaki was great!It does have a certain atmosphere though. Remember to dress appropriately. It can also be a bit pricey.
3	I come here a lot and overall it's never let me down!The food is good and well portioned and the sushi is fresh. However, I would stay away from the 'scottsdale' roll - not their best and definitely one I stay away from.Other then that, finding a dish that isn't well cooked is tough!Great vibe!
3	This is a great place to enjoy Benihana-style Teppanyaki. The are a ton of options including steaks, seafood and veggies where they put on a great show. Some of their food is excellent, especially the filet. I'd pass on most seafood, except the diver scallops which are excellent. Portions are large and there's little to no chance you'll walk away hungry. Nice happy hour, too.
5	This place is delicious. Great food and when they cook in front of you they do a lot of cool tricks and stuff. I would eat there everyday if I could afford it.
4	Sapporo is always the restaurant of choice when my friends are in town.  The sushi is good, and the cocktails are stiff.  I think the best part of the restaurant is the scenery.  There are all kinds of "interesting" people in that place that serves as a good source of entertainment.  I highly recommend it.
2	Happy Hour Review.We stopped by to try the much ballyhooed Happy Hour and were were pretty damn underwhelmed.    First of all, I guess I'm failing to see what's so happy about a $6.00 spicy tuna roll and $8.00 drink.  Secondly, like other non-japanese sushi joints in this town (cough, cough Ra Sushi), this is sushi for people who don't really like sushi.  Thirdly, seriously attitudinous staff, but one look at the uber-douchy clientele explains that.  Pass.
3	We dropped in to try this place and it was very interesting. We had a great seat which allowed us to people watch. What a crowd! I will start by mentioning that the general manager on staff on Friday night was awesome. He checked in on us many times and made small talk. The service was attentive and nice. The food is good, but not the best sushi I've ever had. I must say, I don't expect great sushi in Arizona, so it wasn't a big disappointment. The Fuji sushi roll was the best of the sushi selection we tried. Would I return? Only if my husband and I want to watch middle-aged adults get drunk and flirt with the snobs that hang out at this bar. Good people watching if you're interested in that sort of thing.
4	There is only one word to describe their lobster dumpling appetizer and it is AWESOMESAUCE. I'm still dreaming of it.  Sushi is fab too. :)
4	The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. Food is good. Although the calamari was a little chewy. Not sure if that happens all the time. What I will tell you impressed the heck out of me, I have sensitivities to some food chemicals so I always ask before I order. The waiter wasn't sure so the Chef comes out and sits with me for about 5 minutes explaining to me what has MSG and what doesn't. He was so nice and caring to make sure I don't order food that will send me to the ER. Wow! Kudos!
3	Just a sidenote/update: I received an email after posting this review from the restaurant, challenging me to come back and try everything again. Oh, and they even offered me some free sushi. But even free is not worth it for me to go back again just for them to save face. No thanks.
3	There are really only 3 reasons to go to a restaurant; food, value, and atmosphere.  Sapporo kills it on one of them.  The other two...eh.  Finding a trendy, overpriced, mediocre sushi place in Scottsdale is about as difficult as finding cacti.  And I won't sugarcoat the fact that that is what Sapporo is.  The food was good.  We tried out the lobster dumplings, some sashimi, and various sushi rolls.  Nothing was stunning or overly memorable about the meal except for the fact that my plate had dried rice stuck to it from the dishwasher.  The value was confusing.  Everything was on happy hour for their summer long happy hour pricing but nothing seemed like a good deal.  How is $8 for a sushi roll happy hour pricing?  When it's $9 normally.  Come on...if you're running a special, make it special.  Good thing there was $5.75 beer on special too.  That's my way of saying "your value sucks."     Since it's clear the inflated pricing doesn't go to the kitchen for ingredients or training, they do heavily invest in decor and atmosphere.  Overall it is a very cool layout with a good crowd, strong energy, but not loud to the point where you can't have a conversation.  Very well done in this regard.Overall, I'll go back for a drink or a group happy hour if in the neighborhood due to the scene but I doubt I'd come back just for the grub.  NOW what will I ever do for sushi!?!
3	Sapporo is definitely not the most comfortable environment. Unless you like being surrounded by a bunch of Scottsdale bros and cougars, then it might be comfortable for you. I go with friends or family for happy hour (which, as others said, is all day long in the summer.) Servers are always very friendly, and I love that they seat all of the parties with children in one area of the restaurant-- I'm sure other patrons love that, too.Beware, though, the food comes out rather quickly and ALL at the same time, so you better condense if you've ordered a lot of dishes. I expect they want a quick turnover on the tables, so indicate if you want any of the dishes as starters.The sushi is definitely nothing to write home about, but it's quick, lively, and fun to go to every once in a while.
1	It was my first time here so we tried happy hour. We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh. Our entree (teppanyaki steak and scallops) came out even before our appetizers. Steak had no flavor and scallops were small and way undercooked. The fried rice was dry as well. We complained to a manager who did nothing but laugh at my complaint. He stopped laughing only long enough to say he'd take the food off the bill and just walked away without any apology. Finally our appetizer arrived. The steak chicken and shrimp satay was mediocre. Our waitress Emma was extremely sweet and understanding but the manager wearing a pastel striped shirt (MIKE) was a bigger tool than you could find at home depot.  To top it off, the cook walked by, stared and made no acknowledgement of us or his terrible food. I will definitely never return to sapporo nor will I recommend it to friends. We opted for benihana just down the street which more than exceeded my expectations. So if you want good food, stay far away from Sapporo.
3	With all the Japanese places in Scottsdale, I think there are much better options. The ambiance and decor is trendy, but it can get noisy, really noisy. We were placed at a table near the restroom and wear servers place their orders. Since there was a ledge next to our table, the servers were constantly stacking dirty plates on the ledge next to us. This was not conducive to an enjoyable dinner. There was so much server foot traffic near our table that one of the servers practically walked into me as he turned around from their ordering station. The food was meh. I ordered the fried rice and udon noodles thinking that I was actually going to get udon noodle soup. Nope. Just udon noodles sauteed with chicken and vegetables. The food was a bit on the salty side to my liking.
3	This is a great place to go just for people watching if nothing else. When we were seated we were put between a table from the cast of Jersey Shore and My Super Sweet 16, good god. That aside, I wasn't sure if I was in a night club or a restaurant. Music was fairly loud but it wasn't a problem. The food was good and the service was good as well. Introduced my wife to Sake for the first time too. Uh, she's NOT a fan (of Sake anyway).
4	I've been here a few times and it's always a fun place to go.  Over the summer they have "Happy Hour All Day Every Day"....what?!  What that translates to is low prices on food & drink and a packed house...good times indeed.Some of the items I've had during my visits...(Happy Hour Pricing)Edamame, $3Coconut Chicken Skewers, $5Kobe Sliders, $8Crispy Chicken Spring Rolls, $8Boneless Chicken Wings, $6Ravenswood Vinter's Blend Zinfandel, $7All of the food is delicious.  My favorites are the Kobe Sliders & Boneless Chicken Wings.  The other food is grub too, but these two are my fav's.The bar area is a meat market and if you get a booth or table that has a view of the bar, it's great for people watching...LOLFinding a table during peak dinner hours 5-7 pm can be a challenge if you don't have reservations, so I recommend calling in advance.  There are also Teppanaki tables available, if that's your preference....we've never dined there but can see the show from our booth....it looks similar to Benihana.Overall, it's a fun place to grab some grub and drinks.Return Factor - 93%
4	I very much enjoy the strange juxtaposition of Cougars on the prowl dressed to the nines sitting next to the closeted Cougars who are there with their kids at the Teppan tables.  A very loud and very mixed crowd.  The happy hour menu is good and the fire always burns brightly.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go. I love their sushi! I liked the decor better when it was blue- the red is a bit too much, especially with how busy it already is. Amazing place to people watch. I think all the bros and cougars are hilarious. I go with friends, or my boyfriend and I've even stopped for lunch alone. I don't think I'd bring my parents since they are still married to each other and would probably be embarassed by the lack of clothing on certain patrons. One time I came with a party of about 45 people, and I thought they accomodated all of us wonderfully on the back patio. Try the Scottsdale roll.
4	We went here with a friend that lives close and had a wonderful dinner! The service was pretty slow, but luckily we weren't in any hurry. We got mostly rolls, but loved every one we got!I would recommend this place for a nice, classy dinner. We can't wait to go back!
5	Love, Love, Love this place.  Fun for a first date, or a fun evening for a married couple.  Definitely make reservations.  Prices are expensive, but we go there for the fun atmosphere. My husband and I have been going there since we first got married, and  now we take our children there for birthdays/special occasions.  The bar is WAY too crowded, but since I'm married I don't have to worry about  trapsing through that area.  I don't like waiting for tables, but don't mind here, because it's really great atmosphere, and know you are going to get great food.
5	The best time to go to Sapporo is in the summer, when they have their all day every day happy hour! Delicious food - try the skewers - and drinks ( I drink wine but try the bellinis!), all in a fun upbeat atmosphere. Love the shuttle...they will pick you up and drop you off within a given radius at no charge. What a service!
4	Good happy hour.  They had a really cool warm sake machine.  Good spicy ahi roll and spring rolls.  Really can't complain.  Even though it's new, it feels like a bar out of the 80's when everyone made money for nothing and the chicks for free.  I'll be back soon, even if it feels like a Japanese restaurant run by Russians.  Still great stuff!  Scottsdale at its cookiest!
3	I have been to Sapporo many times over the ten years I have lived in phoenix. The atmosphere is still excellent but, during my recent visit i noted a few changes in the food menu and service - My sushi came out very quickly - was it pre-prepared and not as fresh as it has been in the past? possibly..Also there was some confusion from the waitstaff about our order..My drink was also a bit weak however the manager did check on us to ensure we were being taken care of - So it seems that Sapporo is likely cutting costs just like everyone in this economy..Still a good place with great surroundings but definitely different from some of my original experiences.
5	The service is awesome here and I really like the atmosphere, music, etc too bad noone wants to sit with a interracial couple at Teppanyaki table ...........too bad for them hahahahaha!!!!!! I am really enjoying this : )
1	The service was horrible! The food was just ok. The waitress order me an extra sushi dish cause she thought we would like it (which is nice)but then we had to pay extra for it!! THEN when paying for our meal the waitress thought she could just help herself to our change!! We were extremely offended!!! A tip is given, you dont just help yourself to someone elses money.... that's called STEALING!!!
2	Its three weeks later and I decided to visit Sapporo again..this time with my mother, brother his new wife and a new woman Im trying to impress..I am somewhat shocked and saddened to write that I had a similarly disappointing experience as the last time I went..our server forgot the olives in my drink..twice..and looked pretty annoyed when I had to remind her the second time..My date, who barely drinks said it tasted like bubbly lemonade, not grey goose and tonic (weak drinks again??).. We ordered three entrees and sushi - we received two entrees and sushi.. Im not really sure how my date's entree was forgotten and by the time we explained the error and they brought her meal out, my lamb chops were cold. My Mom's kung pao chicken was so salty she refused to eat it and although I though it was edible, it had a PF Chang's kind of feel..The saving grace was the outstanding sushi, as always. My out of town guests were impressed so I saved a little face. I am not a serial negative reviewer and this has been one of my favorites for years..but the last two experiences have marred a once swank, must hit in Scottsdale.
5	Love Sapporo! Great food and the wait staff is friendly and the service is wonderful. Will definitely be back for the teppenaki experience!
4	Great Tepanyaki also has decent sushi (so I am told - not a big fan)I personally love the Sum Three for lunch - works well and has some good healthy options.A little on the pricey side, but has a good food selection (if you like Japanese food of course)
5	TRENDY, PRICEY AND YUMMY are the words that come to mind after my first experience here. I've tried the majority of the sushi places around and I can see why this place gets such good reviews. The prices are a little steep and most rolls are between $9-12. (So go here on a date ;) Get there early because they fill up fast for happy hour. If you want something different, try the Scottsdale or Cougar rolls! Very good!
5	Sapporo is my favorite place to take my parents in Phoenix!  Visiting my parents in Phoenix is kind of like reverting to my lazy, angst ridden 12 year old self.  Usually by the time we go to Sapporo we are thoroughly sick of one another and need something to distract us.  I personally think the Japanese invented the Teppanyaki tables for this very situation.  You're hungry and you want to go out to dinner but not with your own family.  You want to meet new people, eat yummy food, be entertained and fit in some quality people watching.   Sapporo is the place to go.  The clientele is mostly upscale, the food is good, the chefs are showmen and the center bar is captivating to observe.
3	Sapporo is the archetype of glam pseudo-Asian restaurants, a medley of things that American people like.What could that possibly imply? You know. It's all too familiar.The waitresses are young and wear skin tight, black clothing, and the music is equally club scene-y. 'Twas verging on dub step last time I was there, but it works nicely in conjunction with the neon green (or is it red now?) interior lighting. There's a bar for the lurking 40-somethings to roost at when lurking becomes tiresome. Women overdress because they can, and seeing cougars drinking and laughing slightly too loudly is a common occurrence. The Tepanyaki chefs do "hilarious" and "adorable" things, like blowing steam in your face and yelling "JAPANESE FACIAL!" or throwing an egg at you that's actually been hollowed out prior to the attack. So hilarious. So adorable. Very popular for birthdays. On to the food...Everything is somewhat expensive, but the Tepanyaki is undoubtedly a better value than the sushi (especially if you like being hit with egg shells). To be fair, not every chef does that. Only the "hilarious" ones. Ordering from the Tepanyaki menu will get you a salad, fried rice, vegetables, your meat of choice, and sorbet. Either way, it's pricey, but you get a good bit of food. The fried rice has always been drool-worthy, but recently it's been incredibly salty, along with everything else. As long as you make time to nap it off afterwards, it's fine.The sushi is mediocre. The rolls are small or cheaply proportioned (fish:rice = 1:5). The Unagi, which is usually my favorite, was extremely fatty and slightly revolting. The tempura'd veggies (another one of those American Asian favorites) are proportioned tempura:veggie = 5:1, because vegetables should never be good for you at a Japanese-ish restaurant, right? I'd choose Tepanyaki over sushi at Sapporo any day, even if it means I have to schedule in a nap immediately afterwards.
5	I had a great time at Sapporo! Went here for the first time on a Friday night and the place was packed. To be honest, the scenery is a little too overwhelming with all of the fire fountain things, the gigantic lantern thing in the center and the cougars and lurking men. I'm more of a laid back, whole in the wall type. BUT the service is what made the difference for us. The wait would have been 45+ min which would have been fine, but a waitress at the bar held a corner bar table for us while closing the tab for her previous custs. We were seated within 10 min. Average people like us getting VIP treatment was awesome! I'm an asian that likes americanized sushi I guess, because I loved the Scottsdale and Salmon Tempura maki. The sashimi was delicate and not too fatty either. The curry mussels didn't seem Japanese at all, but it had a good taste and the bread was even tasty.  It could have been all of the Sapporos and Apple Sangrias, but overall, I had a fabulous time with the company and the food. As busy as it was, the service was top notched too.
1	I'm not gonna lie, the two sushi rolls I ordered for takeout were delicious.  They were "americanized sushi", but the fish was fresh and quality was apparent.But the staff was rude to me from the start.  As soon as I mentioned I had a check-in offer for free edamame, I was made to feel l like a crazy coupon-clipping cat lady.  There was a 10 minute hold while the hostess "checked" if the check-in offer was valid.  When I arrived I was told to stand there because I had to speak with a manager about the check in offer I was using.  All in all, the free edamame was not worth the 20 minute hassle.
4	I truly believe that you are your own experience, if you are easy going you will have a fantastic experience, if you are finicky' then like mick jagger says you can't get no!! Satisfaction! But truly the staff and food are #1 in my opinion, engaging and entertaining all amounting to a dazzling evening from eye to mouth. FIrst visit a definite return for me :)
5	Great sushi, drinks and atmosphere.  Cool spot for a fun date depending on who you'll share your hibachi table with.  Word to the wise, make a reservation.  The weekends are always crowded.
4	We really enjoyed our experience at Sapporo in Scottsdale.We were seated on time, and at exactly the table we requested. Had a couple killer appetizers, Lobster Potstickers and Calamari.Also had some stellar sashimi and rolls. Definitely recommend the Tuna.Our server Sean was exemplary.Only thing keeping this experience a 4 instead of a 5 was the loud music. It seems that a lower volume should have sufficed.Overall though, worth a visit.
4	For some reason, drinking and loud music just seem to go together. You know what else goes with drinking and loud music?Young people.Personally, I like young people. They just seem so much happier than old people. Young people are fun too, as they're often quick to experiment with alcoholic concoctions guaranteed to knock their dick in the dirt. (presuming of course there's a dick involved).This is why I go to Sapporo.No, not to get my dick knocked in the dirt...hell, I can do that at home.I go there because they have a discounted happy hour menu, costing about half of what others charge for this stuff, and, yes...to watch young people get their dick knocked in the dirt.I wish I could offer some guidance as it relates to menu items but I can't.It seems that while the two or three take-charge type A's in our party are dutifully filling out the order form, I'm dutifully filling my gut with sake and beer. Unfortunately, I don't know what I just ate and for all I know, it could be filet of sharpei.In short, if you're young and like to party, and, have a dick sorely in need of getting knocked int he dirt, you might want to try this place.If you don't have a dick, bring your boyfriend or husband. After a few sake bombers....you'll have a dick on your hands for sure.
5	We got there an hour early for happy hour. Pretty packed but we found a good spot to stand. Drinks were strong and the prices were reasonable. The dinner show was cool but the dinner  prices are quite high for the how small the portions were. I got the seabass and my wife got the fillet. You defiantly pay for the atmosphere and ambience. Relatively loud music throughout happy hour but once you sit to eat you really only hear in the background. Had fun!
5	Went to this restaurant for the 1st time last Thursday for a birthday celebration. Everything was awesome from beginning to end. It was pretty packed for a Thursday night but its is also North Scottsdale so I would assume that is the normal crowd. We had a 7:15 reservation & arrived about 20 mins early but we were seating at our reserved time. Everyone's food was good & made well. No complaints from us. They even do free ice cream for birthdays. Really excited about my next experience.
5	Great atmosphere, and the tepanyaki is awesome. Very entertaining to watch the chefs cook.
3	The first time went was excellent the filet and chicken were excellent and our chef was a real entertainer, even though he spoke very broken English and was hard to understand. The waiter wasn't friendly since there were only 2 of us at the teppanyaki table. He didn't honor our Yelp check in coupon. We loved the food. So we went back. The second visit they honored the coupon and the waiter was nicer. The second chef wasn't much of an entertainer and the filet wasn't as good. Neither was the sea bass, which came highly recommended. The bass was kind of fishy and bland. The chicken was still excellent and it was still a good experience. They honored the coupon this time and we still enjoyed ourselves. It is a mixed positive review. A composite of Our two experiences would be one over the top excellent time and one horrible time. So I recommend it but only with a mixed positive. It has the potential to be great.
5	The lunch was absolutely amazing.  I thought it would take a while but I was in and out in under an hour!Serivce was great...everyone was so friendly.Most importantly the tempura lobster was absolutely delicious.  The butter ponzu sauce that came with it was the perfect compliment and I wish I had more.  Will be going back ASAP.
3	I've done the teppanyaki twice.  It is a lot of fun with a group of friends.  The prices are higher than normal, but the food is good.  This is definitely a place to be seen so dress accordingly.
5	Great happy hour with kids.  Really enjoyed the quality food and refreshingly attentive service.
2	Wow! This place has gone way down! First of all eating sushi in Arizona is a horrible idea! Where is the ocean and how long do they leave the sushi out?? Between the loud music and fairly attractive staff, basically, your paying for the drinking and the view. Please do not eat at this place. I hade a common california roll, dragon roll, sashimi , and a vegas roll. They were all warm!! I could taste just dead fish. What do you expect for sushi in the desert? Overal, great and fun atmosphere the place was dark and looked like a fashion show, but sapporo should just be a bar. I gave it two stars because the music and entertainment was good.
4	Had dinner with friends at Sapporo a few months ago.  Although I'm not a fan of Japanese food (that's probably on the what must be a VERY short list of things my husband would change about me), I loved the teppanyaki grill.  Pricing, dependent on your entree, includes a shrimp starter, soup, salad, fried rice, and veggies.  Plus a little sorbet at the end.Standouts were the fried rice, which is a complete meal itself, and the sea bass/filet mignon combo ($42).  The sea bass was melt in your mouth and the filet fork tender.  The pineapple martini was also fantastic.My only complaint is that like most teppan grills, they like to cram in as many seats as possible.  If I wanted to sit in someone's lap, I would prefer to do it in private and away from my spouse.  Also, do not under any circumstances, consider Sapporo for a quiet romantic dinner.  It is crowded and it is loud, but I can see the appeal.
3	Definitely hit up this place of your looking  for a cool atmosphere and great happy hour. Steer clear if you're not looking for a singles meat market...
4	The staff was friendly and engaging.  The food was good - though I wouldn't recommend the calamari steak.
1	The food is mediocre, the crowd too old, it is expensive even in happy hr and the servers are rude. The new manager even worse. I recommend Kyoto Japanese Restaurant at Stetson Dr in Scottadale for the best teppan ($20), sushi and drinks
2	This was my first experience and the service was okay and the food about the same. I sat at the bar with my date since we were interested in watching the playoff games that night. The server took our order promptly. I had to request the server to change the station to TNT to watch b-ball game. The server had so lame excuse that he would "try" to get it changed. First off do not say you will try just go make it happen. Not asking you to do anything special. Secondly it is freaking western final game 6! After 30 min still on the wrong channel. Argg The meal comes out finally but my dates salad had dressing all over it and was asked to be put on the side. So I got the server attention (the one that couldn't change the channel) said there is dressing on the salad. The server made excuses saying that he put it in the system correct and the cook did it wrong. First off I do not care who did it just get it fixed and not a 30 min wait. The salad came back out and looked nice. Now the game has started according to my smart phone but still their tv wrong channel! So I ask another server to change to TNT for the game and she argued it was on ESPN. I was like WTF it is on TNT do you see any game on ESPN? She finally got the remote changed to TNT. Wow the game is on and half way through 2nd quarter. Positive note: The establishment was clean, the bathroom was clean, servers looked good (most of them fake boobs). Note for restaurant: If you make a mistake own up and get it fixed ASAP. If you have a bar know what key games are on TV. If you make error on main dish and have to make another one do not charge customer for salad.
2	This place is as trendy as they get. They put more effort into the gimmick of a sushi restaurant than they do the sushi. For starters, the sushi is way too expensive. Something I'm seeing all over the Valley. The happy hour prices were even expensive. If you go, go during happy hour. That's the only way it's justifiable to buy sushi at those prices. Also, the sushi selections were not that great. Where is the seared ahi tuna? I was surprised to see they had poke on the menu (which they spelled poki for some reason), but of course, it cost way too much for what was probably not enough. I just got back from living in Seattle for five years. There, sushi is made by actual Japanese people (or, more and more these days, Koreans). It doesn't cost so much and they put a lot more effort into it. I swear to God, the guy behind the sushi bar at Sapporo was Mexican trying to pull off the most stereotypical fu-man-chu look imaginable. I guess my biggest complaint was the waiter and service. He took way too long to take our order, didn't bring me my beer, and it took way too long for our sushi rolls to come out. Also, don't try to correct my pronunciation of Sapporo with a mispronunciation of the word. Maybe I'm being too harsh based on just their sushi. They do specialize in Japanese food. Maybe they have great Udon noodles I'll have to try.
5	Sapporo is my favorite place to eat in all of Arizona. I love the teppanyaki grill.  We go for Happy Hour quite a bit and the staff is always so nice and the food is AMAZING! I have suggested it to family and friends and they all rave about the food and experience they have. I love the calamari and the scallops and shrimp. They also have the best drinks. I will be going back consistently!
4	The restaurant looks nice and the quality is super. Perhaps it would be appropriate to describe the ambiance as the PF Chang of Japanese food. If you're looking to get happy hour and dinner, look to spend about 30-40 dollars. But it's easily worth the money.The domestic beer is only 3 dollars and for sashimi, in particular the salmon sashimi, you can get 6 for 6 dollars.
4	My besties took me here for my birthday this year when I said I was craving a little sushi and a little kobe steak. Our waitress was awesome! She recommended different sushis and sashimis that I had not tried before and because it was my birthday and I could do what I wanted, I ordered a ton of different ones to go with a small filet. We polished a bottle (or two) of good red wine, a few martinis, and sake all for the sAKE of birthday girl wishes. What I love about Sapporo is that you can do a Teppan table or just do a basic sushi 'order off the menu' type of dinner. My favorite roll became the 'Friends with Benefits' roll. Everything that a friend.. with benes.. should be. But I ate it and left .. Ha! Mention a birthday or special occasion and they will bring you a treat. Summer has the Happy Hour All Day Menu.. Do that while you watch cougars prey on the young!
4	Great wait staff.  Our waitress was phenomenal (i wish I could recall her name as she truly deserved 5 stars)...,fathers day 7pm reservation....middle Teppanyaki table.  Our chef, "tom cruise", was equally phenomenal and provided the best Teppanyaki dinner show I've seen (blows away Benihana); a true entertainer.  Price wasn't bad and they had both a kids menu for Teppanyaki and a happy hour menu for a slightly smaller portion, which reduced the impact on your wallet.  The wine pour was generous.  My only criticism and reason for 4 stars was the vegetable portion was skimpy and didn't include bean sprouts.  If they could upsize the vegetable portion on their Teppanyaki,  this would be a 5 star review.
5	Amazing HH. Blacken Miso Cod is to die for!!  Bar is FUN ...clever bartenders perform death defying drink pours! HH all day everyday in the summer. (gotta beat those triple digit temps somehow) its insanely PACKED on Fridays starting around 5.  They also have valet so don't fret about the full parking lot.
5	I am for out of town and came here to celebrate my Birthday and it was a blast. The food was delicious and our Tepenyaki chef Robert was hilarious and very on point. This place is definitely a must when going to Scottsdale. I do go to Arizona a lot and will definitely be back soon.
1	I'd like to start off by saying that the atmosphere was great. Now that being said, the service was rancid to say the least. We made reservations and yet it still took 30minutes to be seated. The food was just as bland and over buttered. The waitress was rude and winked at me inappropriately. Awful.
1	I Did love this place untill one bad experience, not sure if ill ever come back. Why pay good money for bad service and rude management? We went to sapporo for our friends 21st birthday, we had a reservation at 7pm. And it ended up being awful service!! As soon as we sat down the waitress took our drink order and came out with a full tray of drinks and ended up dropping all of them on the floor right behind the birthday girls back! glass went flying and every one was splashed with alcohol including the other tables around us! instead of saying sorry and fixing the situation our waitress began to explain how its her first night on the floor and she told the guys in the back not to fill her tray so much and that she was right, she couldnt handle that full of a tray. (we really didnt care to hear her sob story we just wanted our drinks) but it didnt end there. she continued to screw up on forgetting our drinks and food. some ppl at our table didnt get their food for 30 min. after the rest of us got our food. (and again she would tell us how it wasnt her fault and tell us a big long story that we didnt care to hear, just fix the problem!) she forgot my glass of wine for an hour by the time i got it i didnt want it any more. in fact i forgot i ordered it! than we were told by several employees at sapporo that we were able to bring our own champagne in and open it at the table. they brought us a bucket with ice to cool it down and than brought us glasses, when we popped the cork and started pooring glasses a manager came over and in a rude tone said he cant have us drinking a drink that was brought by us. my friend simply asked why. and in a really rude way he responded, " uh because its illegal!" The birthday girl explained how we were told by several ppl that we could have it, he continued to talk rudely to us and couldnt even say sorry for the miscommunication. we finally asked for a second manager. he came out and was much nicer and actually seemed sorry and cared. The waitress was annoying and barely knew how to do her job and the first manager sucked!
5	Sapporo continues to be a favorite place to go.They are still offering all day happy hour, so if you're on a budget, there's plenty of choices. Not just sushi, either. The boneless wings are really good- either sauce (kung pao or honey ginger).I went recently with a friend who is allergic to many foods, and the chef even came out to talk to her to let her know what they could prepare for her that wouldn't cause any health concerns for her. She really appreciated that since she had just found out there were a few more things she was told to avoid. For such a busy Saturday night, we were really impressed that they took the time to accommodate us so well. I still haven't had a problem with the service, and I went again for my birthday this year as well. (4th year in a row)I got my favorites- a pear martini, Philly roll, and Vegas roll. It was just as good as it always is. The rolls came out quickly too, without sacrificing on quality or presentation. I get Philly rolls almost anywhere I go for sushi, and the salmon here is definitely in the top 3 of freshest.Love the blazing torches out front. Even though Sapporo is located right in front of a strip mall after Acoma, when you walk up, you almost feel like you've traveled somewhere else tropical. The "moat" is a nice touch as well. I'm going to bump it up to 5 stars because I actually can't think of anyway they can improve.It's a good place to celebrate an occasion, or just a great day. Try the teppanyaki too!
2	If you are looking for a very mediocre Las Vegas experience in Scottsdale, you've found it.  From the flames out front to the blaring dance music inside, you've got it.  The only suitable way to deal with this place is copious amounts of liquor...  otherwise, you're stuck sober dealing with extremely mediocre food and TERRIBLE sushi.  We had some decent apps... lobster ravioli... but there are so many food obstacles to hurdle, that the place is a borderline disaster.  If you don't care about the quality of your food or someone who wants to eat their sushi with a glowstick, this is the place for you.  However, if you're looking for a good meal, go anywhere but here.
5	Really? How amazing could service and food be? Our children have very severe food allergies and Chef Marc, Manager Travis, waitress Jenna, and our teppanyaki cook each went above and beyond to make a safe, yummy and fun birthday meal for our daughter and her brother and sister.  We can't thank them enough for their care and concern. The smile on our kids' faces said it all!!! Thank you, Sapporo, for a wonderful dinner experience.
3	This place is really big. Beautiful high vaulted ceilings with wood paneling. Plenty of outdoor seating space that is ideal for large parties. COrner booth are avilable hibatchi style that seat 6-12 people each, very intimate with window views. Bar area is stocked with a half circle of bar tables perfect for cocktail/happy hour after work.
5	My first visit to Sapporo was this past weekend. The atmosphere was great and our waitress was very attentive. The food was very good. I had the boneless chicken tenders, spring rolls and a skinny margarita...all amazing! A nice place for a girls night out or date night!
4	Sopporo is in my opinion, the best sushi in Scottsdale. The best time to hit it is during lunch or happy hour. It gets pretty packed in the evening, but during the day I say sit at the bar and have a Vegas Roll, my favorite item on the menu. The prices are a little steep in the evening, but usually they have all day happy hour, and that's where it's at. The service is always good, I've never had a bad experience there.
5	Took my kids here for early sun dinner, they loved it! We had a blast!
4	AMAZING food - horrible bartenders lol
1	Loud!!! Train your staff before they are on the floor. Rolls over spiced to the point you did not taste ingredient. Food served quickly and efficiently when ready. Other than that not a repeat restaurant.
3	Amazing decor, great atmosphere , perhaps a little expensive.  I am glad I went but would try somewhere first.  A good experience that I would definitely recommend.
2	First off, was never offered water throughout entire night!!!!!Gf's tea was never refilled, never brought out silver ware even after being asked to bring some effin silverware.  No God for saken soy sauce plate which comes standard in every single friggin Sushi rstrnt in the entire world. Our waiter, after waiting for sliverware was seen sitting down watching Tv.  The music was absolutely horrible, in the short amount of time we were there we heard a atrocious mixture of music consisting of sweet cherry pie....Craig david crap, country....80's rock.....Maria Carey love ballads....just horrible.  NO toilet paper in women's bathroom.   On a lighter note the decor is cool, too bad the music doesn't match the ambiance of the rstrnt!!  The food was ok, however they spilled sauce all over appetizers and still served it ....the Sushi was ok....worthy of two stars.  The cod breading was overly salty, however the fish was decent!
2	Ate here last night. Our server, Blake, left something to be desired. He forgot to give us the happy hour menu during happy hour!! Sort of defeats the purpose. He seemed new, or just disconnected. My main complaint is the HORRIBLE pear martinis. My wife had 2 of these and they were as weak as dishwater!!!  Also, we were charged the full price instead of happy hour price.Also, there is no way to contact the restaurant itself on their own website.
2	Just visited for NYE withi my girlfriend. She is a restaurant manager and I was formerly a bartender for 6+ years in a 4 star hotel.  I specifically signed up to write a review on this restaurant because I thought the experience was that bad.  The place looks great from the outside and the inside was pretty nice also.  i was surprised that itnwas not as busy around 9:30 on NYEWe ordered a bottle of champagne and he brought out a bottle of Chardonnay. Finally after about 25 minutes after being seated we get our bottle of champagne.  He told us he would be back with a chiller shortly....didn't get that for about 10-15 minutes.  We order our sushi for an appetizer and I was brought out at a regular turn around time.  We did not see our server for another 15 minutes and then we were approached by another server who was great. We ordered another appetizer from the server.  We eventually got to order dinner.  The food was average at best.  Considering the price point for what they are charging, it was a very forgettable experience to say the least.  We ended up dining for 2 hours and 15 minutes which seems ridiculous for what we actually got.  Of all the times I have dined out in the 3 years I've lived in the Phoenix area,I would honestly say this was my least favorite for the amount f money spent.  Last thing I want to add that I saw on anther review.....the music choice is weird....you go from dance music, to Michael Jackson to country.....very strange
5	Best atmosphere, modern, upscale, and energy!  Sushi is good.  Place is a real treat!
2	Just got finished with dinner at Sapporo. Waiting for our reservation time was fine but waiting to eat dinner an hour later was insane, especially at 10pm. The only thing that was good about our experience was the food, which they messed up the order. Maybe if the service staff and cooks didn't spend so much time talking about there personal lives in front of our table things would of been correct! For the price you think service would be more professional. To top the night they didn't get the bill right. I didn't complain about that because we split the bill with 6 people. I won't be dining here again!
4	We dined again at Sapporo last night with friends and it was excellent as always-The clubby atmosphere is really great and the service is wonderful. Ask for JC and she will take great care of you with a big smile :)
2	I generally love Sapporo and have frequented it in the past however this experience was a little different. I will say the food was good however their manager on duty was completely unprofessional and rude. I had made a reservation on Open Table on a Monday and somehow that had gotten messed up as they called me later that day that I made the rez to "confirm" for that evening. I corrected them, and requested a reservation for the following saturday at which time the woman was fine with doing for me. I was requesting a party of 13 for a Teppan table. At that time, no issues had arisen regarding this reservation. I even called Saturday and left a message to add people to the reservation and asked them to please contact me with any issues. No call. Wouldn't you think its strange that someone is calling about a reservation for that evening and you dont have them on your reservation list? Wouldn't a phone call be appropriate? So....then I am on my way, as are my 13 guests, and I get a call from one of my guests saying that there is no reservation. I called the restaurant, and instead of the manager- I think her name was Janelle- apologizing, she proceeds to ARGUE with me that I do not have an open table account because she cannot "find" me under my name or phone number. How could her staff person called me earlier in the week IF I had no account in the first place? She also proceeded to tell me that they have been booked for 2 weeks for the Teppan tables so this was "impossible". Sounds like a training issue- whose fault?? This went on for about 5 min with no resolution being made, just arguring. This was completely unprofessional and I was really upset. It was raining however they did offer us the back covered patio and had heaters so it truned out fine however we did not get the Teppan table I had wanted as the manager stated that there would not be one available until "930" which our original reservation was for 630. The dinner was fine, the management was terrible. At no point did the manager approach us to apologize for the mix up or anything. I will be contacting her boss to let him/her know about thier staffs unprofessionalism.
1	we went to sapporo for my step-daughter's birthday the other night and was overly disappointed.  my step-daughter raved about this place and went to this establishment with an open mind.  here is what we experienced:1.  we had a reservation for 12 for teppanyaki.  when we arrived, 2 out of 3 hostesses seemed confused and clueless because they couldn't find our name. the third hostess (who was on the phone) then overreacted and pointed out where the name was.  WOW! the 2 airhead hostesses were typical of scottsdale, so i was ok with them, but the bitchy 3rd hostess was over the top.  i wasn't expecting this kind of behavior from a so-called upscale restaurant...  (negative points)2.  my wife had to go to the restroom before we got seated, and when she got back to the hostess table (i was already seated at the teppan table), a male host led her to our table.  after going about halfway, he pointed to our table and asked if she saw us.  when my wife said yes, he stopped and wished her a nice dinner.  should he have led her all the way to the table?  (more negative points)3.  while our entire party was waiting for the first course to arrive, a lady (looks like a manager) arrived and snidely told (not asked) one of my party members to either put away the bottled water he brought so it was not publicly visible or throw away the bottle.  again, snidely told, not asked.  we are the paying customers, we could have taken our entire party of 12 and walked out.  i don't think this place knows a thing about customer service...  also later on, the same manager lady was berating one of her wait staff in the dining area.  shouldn't that have been done in private?  management skills are lacking.  (more negative points)4.  for the price of the entrees, the food wasn't worth it.  for a chicken and scallop combo, the chicken was super dry and tasteless.  they only gave us 5 quarter sized scallops.  i feel ripped off by seeing how little food there was.  the ny strip was tasteless and the veggies were undercooked.  our teppanyaki meal included soup, salad, shrimp appetizer and a dessert sorbet.  the soup and salad were fine.  the shrimp appetizer however, consisted of ONE shrimp.  again ripped off..  the desert sorbet consisted of one 1"diameter scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream on a soup spoon.  this wasn't what was advertised and again, the portion was measly/skimpy.  (more negatives!, no kidding!)5.  the overall ambiance was dark and loud.  this was more of a singles bar than a restaurant.  the loud music was irritating and the scottsdale-i-am-better-than-you energy was everywhere (including the restaurant staff).overall, i would have paid about 10-15% more and eaten at Benihana, where the experience was much nicer.   if i wanted to eat marginal food and get snotty service, i would have gone to denny's instead.
5	LOVE it here. Brought family once and my boyfriend. Atmosphere and food are exceptional. Miso cod, grilled sea bass, and Friends with Benefits sushi roll are wonderful.
4	Great place to people watch. The place is packed on Fridays with Scottsdale hip crowd. Sushi is really good and fresh with a good selection of specialty rolls. Drinks are reasonable.
1	We have been to Sapporo a number of times. Food is average but we go for the teppan show.  Last night was a very negative experience for our family.  I called 6 weeks prior to reserve the front room for our party of 13.  The day I wanted (brother's birthday) she said that the room was already booked so together we found another day when we could reserve the room.  When we arrived last night they said the room was taken by another party and that they could never "guarantee" that room in case a larger party called later and asked for it.  Are you kidding me?  How could a restaurant reserve a room for a birthday party and then tell you when you arrived that a larger party had asked for it in the meantime?  Not even a phone call to let you  know?  She also said that they required 14 and at 13 our party was too small.  We would have paid for another dinner if any of this had been told to me when I made my reservation.We got over the disappointment and decided to have fun and not let it spoil our evening.  After we sat down at a table that barely fit us, the hostess put a sticky note behind the grill that said TURN FAST.  Seriously?  She also put one on the table next to us which was another family celebrating a birthday.  We saw the note because some of our party had to sit on the grill side of the table because we were so cramped.  My dad took off the note so our server didn't see it but the poor other table was hurried out of there.  I felt badly for that party.  They had salads, soups and their dinner was being cooked before we had even ordered AND they arrived after us.  It was sad to see how their fun was rushed.  When the woman who looked to be the manager realized that we had not received the TURN FAST treatment she got on it hurrying us along.  She was not sympathetic or helpful when explaining why we didn't get the room and then rushed us out.I've sent many friends to Sapporo in the past but we won't be back and I'm letting my circle know not to go back either.
5	How have I not done a review of this place yet?!? I have been coming here since like 2004! This is probably my most favorite sushi place overall. I highly recommend the Scottsdale roll (spicy scallop roll), the tootsie roll, dragon roll, Las Vegas roll, Kobe pear martini, the delicious frozen Passion Mango martini, & the coconut chicken skewers.Their happy hour is such a great deal & the people watching is awesome! Trout & cougar city baby! The service isn't always great at the high tops in the bar when they are really busy. It is by far the best place to sit & people watch though. The Teppanyaki table experience is good too if you are with a group of friends/family. The food is tasty & the presentation is entertaining & fun. I just love going to this place for happy hour with my girl friends!
4	the best thing there is the stuffed shrimp!!!!!
2	My sister celebrated her 30th birthday last night and she reserved a table for 7 at Sapporo. My family arrived several minutes after she and the rest of the guests were seated. I informed the hostess upon our arrival that we were here for the party and there should be a reservation. She looked at her sheet and said she would have us seated when the seating hostess comes back, in just a moment. 7-10 minutes later a couple walks in behind my group and the seating hostess walks to the front and proceeds to seat the couple behind us.... We still stood there completely ignored. So I walked (2 feet) to the front again to the Hostess and asked her to seat us and she looked puzzled like it wasn't her job. So she sighs and asks us to follow her. She brings us to some table and asks us rudely if this was our party, we say no as everyone watches us. She seemed lost and started walking another way, we stood there waiting.... I ask a waitress that passed us by if there is another birthday party and she hasn't a clue so my family and I just searched for the table ourselves as the Hostess walks back to the front and leaves us to fend for ourselves. Nice job hunny, your job must be much too difficult. The entertainment was fantastic although I don't know if the chef spoke much English, he just laughed and shook his head up and down with everything we said. The taste of the food was pretty boring only soy sauce, lemon juice and garlic butter for my daughters teriyaki chicken... yeah I don't believe in paying so much for salty chicken that I can make at home. I guess you go for the entertainment not the food. I had teppanyaki filet and again soy sauce and garlic butter were the only seasonings. It ruined the $40 filet in my opinion. The soup came to us luke warm, however it was very flavorful. We felt rather rushed because our app. plates hit the table and 6 minutes later they were back to pick them up. They tried clearing away my soup and salad  before I was even halfway finished with them, as in I had to fight to keep my food on the table... The pineapple mojito was not so wonderful, I actually didn't finish it :( Upside they kept my sisters cake in the back for us and brought it out with some plates for us to celebrate. Very neat to have the chef banging about making everyone sing happy birthday!
3	The ambiance here is STRONG. It's pricey but there are some great items on the menu. The Kobe beef sliders and stuffed shrimp with crab meet was awesome. This is a good lookin crowd spot and you pay for it. A great spot for a swanky vibe and good sushi.
3	**Teppanyaki Review**3 out of 5 stars for a GREAT meal and OK entertainment (visit on 4/22/13)4 out of 5 stars for all of my experiences here, combined. Walking into Sapporo, you are blown away by the bigger than life ceilings, torches and fountains in the front. There are several aquariums that contribute to the oriental feel while the bar area offers your traditional North Scottsdale-style ambiance and the patrons fit the mold.The several times I've been here for Teppanyaki, I am impressed by the food and entertainment. Yesterday, our table accommodated 12 people, but the layout was socially uncomfortable for a large group. It's a lot like sitting at a bar. Recently, they've added a salad preparation opening act that is underwhelming but completes the experience.-Miso soup appetizer-House salad (w/ tableside prep)Your personal chef comes out to cook your dinner. The food/show goes in this order, depending on what everyone ordered:-Fried rice (always a hit!) and theatrics-Shrimp appetizer-Seafood and vegetables, then steak/chicken -Small ice cream or sorbetDepending on your chef and your group demographics, the entertainment doesn't budge from a fairly set routine, though the content can be anywhere from 'PG' rated to downright 'R.' On this particular visit, our chef did not spare the raunchy jokes and entendres. Sitting with just my guy friends - that's ok. Sitting with also my mom and girlfriend - he could have turned down the sleaze just a tad. There's a point where you've got to read your audience a little better and he didn't do that very well.When it was time to pay, it took forever to find our waiter. Overall, we all really enjoyed the meal, but the experience itself left more to be desired. Especially with my past experiences, it was a shame this occasion didn't live up to my usual expectations.
4	I came very close to giving this place 3 stars. I went with the wife and some friends during reverse happy hour. Friends made reservations. We got there, were seated and asked for a happy hour menu. At that point, we were told that we had to be at the bar for the happy hour. Thankfully, they managed to get us some seats. If we could not get seats, then that would've been the 3 star review.Now for the good. The sushi was great. The location looks and feels like a ton of fun. Check in on Yelp to get some edamame. Friends with Benefits rolls were good if you like a little heat. We had a drink, 4 orders of sushi, and edamame for $45 after tax and tip for 2 people.The bar does call out drinks. They have Hendrick's Gin which is always a selling point in my book. It was a "super premium" which means that a gin and tonic was $7 but I did order 1 and enjoyed it. They were not skimpy with the alcohol. It tasted as good and strong as anything I would've mixed at home. A friend ordered a red bull and vodka. The drink was clear. Seems like they gave her vodka with a splash of red bull. The bar's prices can be pricey but they are generous with the booze! The bar experience was 4-5 stars. The teppan tables looked entertaining. We may have to try them next time!
4	Their late night happy hour is great, but they don't tell you straight away that it is at the bar only. Fortunately there were enough seats at the bar for our whole party and we had a great time nonetheless. The food was outstanding and the bartenders took great care of us. One of them forgot that I ordered some sushi with no avocado but when he realized his mistake he comped me a beer without even being asked. I am A-OK with that kind of no-hesitation customer service.Nice atmosphere also, great decor. But the place is arranged very tightly and can be very noisy.Also pricey, as sushi/teppan usually is, but I highly recommended Sapporo for a special night out, they certainly exceeded my expectations.
3	We dined here at the Teppanyaki table. The food was prepared well, although it seemed kind of overpriced to me. To be fair though, you get a lot for your money, and I was definitely stuffed after sharing a chicken and sea bass teppanyaki combo ($42) with my husband. Also, I'm sure some of that price is reflected in the entertainment the chef provides for you while cooking your food. We decided to get the additional split charge items for $10, which includes a second appetizer, salad, rice, soup, vegetables, and dessert for the second person sharing the entree. Our chef at the table was pretty entertaining, and he had a few fancy tricks up his sleeve, setting things aflame and showing off his knife skills. Our grilled food was cooked excellently, from the slightly smokey flavor of the fried rice, to the tender, juicy chicken and perfectly cooked sea bass.We also tried the signature Sapporo roll. It was a fairly large roll, with fresh yellowtail, salmon, crab mix, asparagus, tobiko, wrapped with soy nori. Our total with 2 sodas, sharing the combo, and the roll ended up about $80. Although the food was good, and there was a lot of it, that was quite a pricey meal for sharing 1 roll and 1 teppanyaki plate with no alcohol!P.S. If you get the teppanyaki wagyu Australian beef, it's pretty freakin' amazing, but be aware that the market price will be around $60 for this melt in your mouth, marbled, grilled beefy wonderland!
5	I am so happy we decided to do the dinner the night before our kids wedding here.  We had Saki Bombers and a choice of a rice bowl, different sushi rolls and Teppanyaki.  You could have chicken, shrimp or steak.  Service was phenomenal with all the out of towners we had.  All of our guests had a fabulous experience here.  I do not think we could have asked for a better place.  Some guests did order wine and hard alcohol and my husband was a bit nervous for the bill.  He was pleasantly surprised and may I say very happy.  I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  It was a Saturday night to boot.  When we left the place was packed.Next time I visit my kids I will be sure to stop here for a bite and a saki bomber.  Oh they are so good and fun to drink.  Plus it gives you that nice little high.
5	Excellent sushi, very fresh and good quality. We did have a reservation, which I would recommend because it was really packed and that was on a Thursday night.   Everything we had was amazing.  I would go here all the time if I lived in Az.
4	best pork ribs ever
5	I just love this place.... the scottsdale roll is the BEST!!!!
3	I know I would have given the bar 5 stars if I had come here for drinks because it's pretty cool. But I came here for dinner. We started with the Appetizer sampler which was good but not great. My main was mahi-mahi and it was crusted with something that had a kick . This made it interesting but again it was good, not great. My friend had a filet mignon that looked tasty, but meat-lover that she is, I heard no raves so I'll assume that it was good, not great.The service was friendly enough but the girl really couldn't give us any suggestions. When my friend asked what kind of side vegetables we could order, we got a sheepish, giggly "we have all kinds of vegetables" response. So it would have been nice if our server were a little more familiar with the menu so that she could have made some suggestions. We settled on Asparagus and while put we in that order AFTER we'd ordered our mains, we did not get it until we'd nearly finished and had to ask our server when we'd be getting it. So good but not great perfeclty sums up my experience at Sapporo. I don't think I'd frequently make the trip from Cen Pho specifically to eat here. That said the inside is REALLY cool and they play good music at the bar so it's not unlikely that I would come back here for Happy Hour.
4	Although this place can get a little snobby after 5:30 p.m. on any given day, the food and drinks are perfect!Even with being nestled in the middle of the desert, Sapporo serves up some incredibly fresh seafood and some very delicious entrees (if sushi isn't your thing).  If you want to avoid seafood all-together, I would recommend the Wagyu Sliders - They are absolutely delicious little morsels!Although par for the course in Scottsdale, Arizona, you do have to be careful of this place going stuffy after 5:30 p.m.  Any time before (lunch or happy hour) is a wonderful time to sit out on the patio or in the bar, and enjoy!
4	8 people, 15 rolls of sushi, 8 plates of appetizers and 40 bombs of Sake and Sapporo.  Good service, good food and good pricing.The atmosphere is young, loud and lively.  I'd recommend for a big group.
4	Good sushi, good service, bartender was helpful. Happy hour is at the bar only, which they didn't tell us until we had actually been seated. Once we got re-seated at the bar though, it was all good. The sushi was pretty good and they had some unique selections.
4	It's a great sushi bar, and Japanese grill. Especially all summer being happy hour at all hours. Fun to people watch, with all the Scottsdale swingers. Just watch out for some of the single guys prowling the bar in packs. My only real issue is that the sports bar atmosphere pervades with sports on the tv and some of the cliche music being blasted. I'm just the sort of gal that prefers some chill out or traditional Japanese tunes over sushi and sake with friends.
1	First time visit - and rather disappointing.  The sangria was too sweet.  The calamari was really bad - very fishy taste.  I should have sent that back.  We were eating appetizers with drinks - the other items were merely "good"  - this not I've died and gone to Japanese heaven.  They do have an all- day, all-summer Happy Hour menu (you must ask for it) so likely I'll try the place at least once more before I give up and take my Happy Hour business back to SOL.
5	Love this place. Very clean. Great good
4	Good happy hour menu and great specialty drinks. Very fresh food and good service. been here twice and will go back when I am in the area.
4	Very good sushi and tepanyaki grilled items.
4	Has a great Happy Hour.The sake salmon sashimi is excellent.Had several different rolls and they were good too.Only complaint is service can be iffy sometimes.Waitresses spend lots of time chatting with the regulars.
5	Bartender was a bad ass, she dropped some crazy beer knowledge on us and educated us about "what to do in Scottsdale."
4	love the sushi here. service could have been a little more attentive.a little pricy, but sushi is so delicious, it's worth it.would return... despite it being a cougar den!
4	This is where my boyfriend and I go for teppanyaki now when we crave some great food and entertainment. We've been going and now request for the chef Jaime because he is hilarious and mainly one of the reasons we go back. All the teppanyaki places do the same tricks but Jaime has a great sense of humor. Not one for kids tho... But he will tone it down if there are children present. The servers on the other hand, are usually slow and are rarely available.
3	They have a great happy hour, despite their not handing over the happy hour food menu unless you ask for it. It's also highly recommended you don't bring your spouse to the same place you bring your girlfriend. Then things aren't quite so happy anymore.Try the Ginger Bourbon Lemonade. It'll sneak up on you like a gay cellmate.Three of these, an angry mistress I tried pawning off as an unpaid vendor, and a wife with a penchant for sharp cutlery doesn't make for a good happy hour, let alone happy anything.  The Friends with Benefits sushi rolls (delicious) should have been a warning bad things were headed my way. Whatever type of drink my wife had smelled good on my clothes the next day.  I think it was apples or something. The happy hour menu isn't fifty percent off anymore, but it is cheaper than the regular menu.
1	Wow what a disappointment !  I have been a fan for years actually since the opening!Things have continued to change over the years along with management several times.Brought in total of 4 people for early happy hour on Friday and I was not happy at all with my service.  The food arrived in timely fashion at start of meal, but the server was making one mistake after another from taking order at start and throughout the meal.  She never bussed the glasses or empty bottles never pulled empty plates, confused the beer order, put in order late, and was never by except at end of meal! Never asked if we needed water. Only plus was spicy tuna was great! No managers I could spot either to talk with upon leaving about other issues.  But too little too late! Sorry but after $125 there are other sushi places I suspect I can go to for a better experience.
2	Oh Sapporo... I had high hopes for you.. =/I came here with some friends this past weekend and I've heard good things about it..We had reservations, but we were a few minutes late so they gave our table away so we didn't get to do the Teppanyaki... We missed happy hour so we ordered from the regular menu. Let's just say I was disappointed and everything was just only mediocre for me and was extremely overpriced. First, I wanted to try their Pinot Noir. Two of the Pinot Noir's that I picked out they were out of. The 3rd one that I finally received was only ok and it cost me $15! I could've gotten a bottle of wine for that price. My friend ordered a certain Zinfandel and they were out of that as well. I don't understand that because it was a Saturday night. You need to be prepared and stocked for your customers. I ordered the Philly roll of course and the Salmon Tempura. Both rolls were ok but nothing special. All in all, I wasn't satisfied and was upset at how expensive it was. If anything, MAYBE I'll come back to try their happy hour. I did like their decor and ambiance of the restaurant though, and if you check in then you get a free dish of Edamame.
4	I, of course, decided to give my former favorite sushi place a try again and I am pleased to say it was a much better experience - Good service and great food again. Our cute waitress was very attentive..the music from the bar area, which I enjoy when in the bar area, was a bit much in the dining area, but I will be back..
4	Time for a review update.  Sapporo always delivers in the clutch.  It's one of the few places outside of Old Town Scottsdale that stays open late every night of the week.....yes, you can find this place open after 10 pm ANY night of the week!  If you're like me and need to find action and energy, this is the place.I've already covered the happy hour pricing and some of the food we've had here in my prior review...that is still the case....we love happy hour here.  It's still a meat market and is fun to watch when it gets busy.  A lot of professional baseball and football players hang out here, so there are a lot of groupie wannabe girls that hang out trying to land one of those athletes....they're especially fun to watch trying to get the athletes' attention...LOLSince my last review, I've had the BBQ Pork Tacos and they've become one of my fav dishes....add it to the list on the prior review.  These Tacos have a unique flavor and taste.  Instead of a hard corn shell like regular Tacos, they use a crispy Rice shell....and they use a sweet & sour sauce instead of Taco sauce....combine that with the BBQ Pulled Pork and pickled Vegetables....hmmm...so good!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sapporo-scottsdale?select=gFeRmjpDXp9DsOd2a0uM1g#gFeRmjpDXp9DsOd2a0uM1ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sapporo-scottsdale?select=QrtOYowxYl5zJMrna6tPlg#QrtOYowxYl5zJMrna6tPlgYou can find us here at least once a month or more.  One of these days, we will dine at the Teppanyaki tables....but we've seen that kind of cooking many times before, so we're not really motivated to.  We'll keep coming back though.Return Factor - 100%
3	I was a regular at Sapporo when I first moved to AZ a few years ago. I slowly noticed things changing as management changed, but I have been very disappointed on my last few visits. Not only do you have to specifically ask for the Happy Hour menu, but it has changed and isn't all that "happy". I also felt like the food we ordered didnt taste that great. The edamame came out after all of our food and our drinks didnt arrive until after our first roll. I am really hoping the summer months were just a rough spot for the restaurant because I really enjoy the people watching here. I will give it another go and hope that the quality of food and the service has gone back to what it used to be.
4	Great food. Chef was fairly entertaining. Staff was friendly. Just took 1.5 to get served even with a reservation. Everything else was so good they still get 4 stars.
5	Ysabel is the most amazing server ever!!!! Request her (DO IT! You know u wanna...) and also a cucumber martini is a must!
4	I was just here over the weekend for a birthday party. We went on a Saturday night and had a blast. The drink prices were decent and the food was good also. I really enjoyed the music it was a mix of the top 40's. The atmosphere was very romantic and clean. We did have a party of 12 with a reservation at 7pm the table wasn't ready when we arrived but they seated us pretty quickly. Our server was very quick and he was always checking on us. We always had drinks and full waters and when there was a dirty dish it was removed at a fast pace. The food was coming out as fast as we were ordering it. Overall good place and I'll be coming back.
3	Sadly this place has gone downhill since it changed ownership. The original owners did an amazing job. Now just another corporate owned restaurant, where quality gets lost... So sad. Used to be amazing...
5	Always a GREAT time here. I stopped in with some girlfriends shortly after the Polo Championship for the after party and the place was jam packed. We were lucky to get a table in the bar but unfortunately our server was too busy to notice us at first. One of the restaurant managers was dining a few tables down from us and saw us waiting so although it was her night off, she came over to us and got our drink order started. I wish I could remember her name so I could sing her praises all over this review. I was blown away at her customer service even when she was off the clock. KUDOS TO AWESOME MANAGEMENT!!!
5	This is my favorite north Scottsdale Happy hour.  they have a large menu for happy hour.  The Alaskan roll is my favorite roll not he menu.  They play to the crowd that shows up (Cougar roll) It is pretty over the top with some of the people that show up. (classic Scottsdale)  Get here early on Fridays if you want a table on the patio for happy hour.
5	We spent New Years Eve here! Great atmosphere, excellent food and friendly staff!
2	What a meat factory!  There are more people hitting on each other here than in a boxing tournament.  The place is jam packed with weekend and wannabe yuppies all trying to find someone to take home.  The food is mass-produced chic without any real flavor or finesse.  The sushi is simply overdone--perhaps trying to hide a lack of seafood quality.  The food is run-of-the-mill but no one seems to care because most patrons are there to show off a new miniskirt or Hermes tie.  I go to restaurants to try good cuisine so I won't be back.
4	I absolutely love going to Sapporo to get my sushi fix. The best time to go is during happy hour, otherwise their food can be a little pricey. I always go during happy hour, otherwise expect to pay a hefty bill.One thing I always seem to be disappointed with when I go here is their lack of great service. The hosts are never really that friendly nor try to make you feel welcomed. The servers I have gotten never seem to get their sh*t right. It's either we get all our rolls at once or someone else's food always gets delivered to our table. Or one time,  the server failed to ring our food in at the happy hour price resulting in our credit card getting charged twice.I would love Sapporo if only they had better service. For a restaurant in such a high end part of town, they really need to have the best of the best when it comes to their wait staff.
1	This place does not honor reservations.Made a reservation via opentable and specifically requested Teppenyaki only to show up and be told we had to wait 2 hours! Can't speak to tonight's food quality because they decided not to serve it to me.
2	Definitely not impressed. For a place so proud of their stuff, they definitely don't have the quality to match the price. We came in on a Friday and it was steady but not out of control. With experience in the restaurant industry, I try to cut servers some slack but this experience was too much. We ordered an appetizer, then maybe 5 minutes later ordered our meal. Our food came out before the appetizer which completely defeats the purpose, but aside from that it turns out our server never put in the order so our appetizer ended up being our dessert. He took way too long to check in on us and we would have a list of things we needed by the time he came back around. Our glasses were constantly empty. My fried rice tasted like it wasn't fully cooked because it was still crunchy. This place gets two stars for the atmosphere, because otherwise it had nothing going for it. I don't think I will be returning any time soon.
3	This place is great for kids since the cooking show at the teppanyaki table is pretty cool and the cook interacts with the table.The food is decent, nothing to die for but it's fine.I had the Australian "kobe" wich was good, The soup and the salad are barely OK. The edamame was better than average and I also ordered an avocado roll which was pretty good, specially for $4.In general is pricier than average, but not too bad.Cheers.
2	I am so sad that this restaurants service, food and prices have gone downhill since the new ownership in the past year. It was always our go to place, weekly. We have a large family and always spent quite a bit of money. The last time we were there they gave my husband half a bowl of rice and said that was their new portion. Just one example of poor food and service. So sad!
5	Great food and awesome atmosphere! The staff is really nice. The food is good and not too expensive. They have Late night happy hour! from 11pm to Midnight!
2	I went Saturday for dinner. Very bad experience sand the service was horrible. The manager came over life he was interested and didn't do anything. I was really not satisfied at all.
4	Sapporo is so popular that I almost didn't want to like it, but I liked almost everything about it... and I've been back many times.  They have consistently delicious sushi and good drinks.  And they have the best interior design I've seen in a Japanese restaurant around here.  If only the service was better...
3	The atmosphere of Sapporo is very cool. Everything is very modern; fish tanks in the walls, flames, great lighting and great music set the mood for a vibrant evening.We made a reservation and got in with no problem on a Tuesday night. The problems begin when it comes to how long we had to wait for our chef.... The apps came quickly and with no problems but when all of a sudden it was an hour and a half later and our Chef still hadn't shown up, we started to get anxious. The other family at our table had two small children and couldn't wait any longer; they ended up leaving before they could even enjoy their food. The waitress even had to come over and actually ask us if we still planned on sticking around.... We ended up staying after the waitress promised our apps would be on the house.... Which was great cause we accidentally ordered $60 of sushi but that's another story....Once the chef finally came, he did his little act. I found myself staring over at the chef adjacent to our table who seemed much more lively and entertaining. Maybe our chef was just trying to cook our food in a hurry so as not to make us wait any longer.Long story short, the three stars are because we thought the food was delicious. I'm sure on most nights and for the majority of customers the experience is much better than how ours turned out. I would give it another try.
1	Ok, I am officially done here! It has been and fully remains a tourist trap to view "cougars". The California rolls we all agreed could be found at any local 7-11 mini mart. My son has been eating California rolls since he was 2 years, and he nice told me after he finished two whole rolls, they were the worst he has ever eaten. Now, remember that most rolls start out as a California roll so the meal went downhill quickly. We sent back the satay trio and the server apologized in that she said she was going to tell us "not to order that"! Gee thanks! There are so many better places for sushi in Scottsdale! Never going back! RS
4	The only reason I come here is basically for their happy hour dishes and it's very close to home for me so I won't have to worry about drinking and driving.  Their food are very reasonable priced, great decor, and it gets very busy during peak hours.
5	The teppan table was delish!  We started in the bar for happy hour-if you like spicy you must order the Botan roll-I added cream cheese instead of avocado and it was a party in my mouth.  Whats great is for the summer they are offering happy hour all day every day even at the teppan tables.  The drinks are poured just right, portions are large and pricing is right for how much you get and the quality.  Highly recommend the scallops and filet.  Service is fast the only thing I would comment on was the creativity of the chef-I was hoping for more tricks:)
3	One of my favorite places for happy hour--their rolls are good, unique, and pretty inexpensive. However, I've gone three times there now with reservations, and every time we've arrived when our reservation was, and have had to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to 1.5 hours. It's really disappointing when you have a big group of 14 starving adults, and we are being pushed aside as others are being let through. I would NOT recommend coming here for any sort of event, or if you are on a schedule. There is no regard to timeliness or for upholding reservations made.
5	I was here with a really large group for teppanyaki.  The chef was so talented and the show was impressive.  When all was said and done the food was delicious, even the fried rice which I'm usually not a big fan of. They even accommodated my request for half filet and half salmon. The filet especially was delicious but by then I was too full to eat any more. Even the soup that comes with was rich and flavorful. I had an apple cocktail that was really refreshing - I think there was fireball in it. You should skip the tempura.
4	Been here once. The sushi is good and fresh. This place is loud, not for family. Just like RA. I love their baby yellow tail dish. Their rolls are bite-sizes, literally. Ppl gather around the bar area to meet others, it's the loudest place of the restaurant. I don't feel the teppanyaki table is secluded.
5	This place is amazing.  The teppanyaki is so much fun and entertaining for the entire family.  The chef was funny and engaging.  I had steak as my meat and it was delicious.  The soup at the beginning, which I find bland at most teppanyaki places, was full of flavor.Definitely a fun place to go for a causal dinner or celebrating a special event.
3	First visit here on a Thursday evening. I mistakenly came on an evening when two different dating events were going on. It was super crowded with a bunch of members of the older population. I sat at the bar for over 30 minutes before I was able to hail a bartender...and almost equally as long to receive the drink. I was in good company though so I can not complain.  I ordered chicken fried rice but received shrimp fried rice. It was yummy because I ate all of it.   I will come back when it is not so crowded and when I can have dinner in a more secluded area.
4	This restaurant is solid. Fair HH prices and exciting menu items.Be mindful of going during peak dinner times; it can fill up fast with bodies. The lower-level bar is a single pick-up scene crawling with cougars/silver foxes waiting to pounce on younger prey doing sake bombs with their entourage donned in skinny jeans.The sport of ppl putting in work to hopefully make some sweet love later, fully entertains me!! They should have popcorn, as this is better than any screenplay.Oh, yeah - sushi quality is fab also. It is loud as holy hell though. If you're seeking romantic/quiet time with your lover, this ain't the place.
5	I took the girlfriend out for a date here Saturday night and had a great time. I called the day of and got a reservation for one of teppanyaki tables at 8:30. Showed up right at 8:30 and had to wait a couple minutes for the table to be prepared. The teppanyaki tables seat 8, however there was only a group of 4 at our table. The group of 4 we dined with were a lot of fun; we spent most of the night laughing and joking with them. We started out with the edamame, mushroom soup and house salad. The soup and salad are both good, but nothing great. I had the filet and scallops and my girlfriend had the filet and shrimp. The scallops were hands down the best! Our chef was a lot of fun and and did all the normal tricks. Will definitely come back again sometime.
2	We went to Sapporo for a dinner with friends a week ago. I used to go there regularly years ago so this was something I looked forward to and a place I wanted to show to my friends for a while. While the food was great, the server made our stay very disappointing. I do not remember his name but he was very unprofessional to say the least. He was making inappropriate jokes and in the end he even brought us a bill that had FIVE additional items on it that we're not ordered by our table. Luckily I reviewed the bill but in the mean time he actually came and said that he forgot to add one item. I stopped him and explained that several items were not ours. The only reasoning he gave us is that those items may have been from the previous guests which did not make any sense. He did not seem very apologetic or did even try to make it up to us in any way. I usually do not write these reviews but since I almost ended up paying the double for my dinner and the server did not impress us at all, I felt like adding my two cents to our experience. My friends nor I are much inclined on going back there very soon. To add to the whole dilemma, I found out today that my credit card info was stolen. Of course I'm not saying that Sapporo had anything to do with it but that server was shady as it is. Oh well; it was my experience and it had to do with the personnel. At least the food was very good.
5	Love it here. Great happy hour menu. Always be sure to ask about happy hour because right now it's all day everyday until labor day.  Food is good and so is service. Don't forget to check in for the free edamame!
5	Great curb appeal was drawn in from the road by the giant pillars with flames bursting out of them. I was also surprised to find the inside was just as nice as the outside with a really neat atmosphere! Some parts of the resturant and bar were very mellow and laid back while at the tables had live chefs tossing knives and cooking plates right in front of guest! LOVE this place will be back again soon!
5	I've been a fan of this place for years and when it gets crowded can be quite the place for people watching.I think their happy hour menu is great, and if you're looking for a new specialty roll to try, the Friends with Benefits roll is a good choice with a little extra spice from jalapeno on top. I'm not trying to claim this is "real" sushi but it's a good specialty roll! If you like frozen drinks the Passion Mango Martini is very popular and has been a favorite for a while. One of the great things about their happy hour menu is the teppenyaki is included. They say you get slightly smaller portions than the full dinner size but it's still plenty of food. I've never had a bad experience at the teppenyaki table and the food is always phenomenal. You will definitely leave feeling stuffed!
4	I've been going to Sapporo for a long time. It's always good, but I'm not ever blown away with the food. I will say their summer all-day happy hour is genius and will keep me going all season. A good place to grab some sushi and a drink after work!
3	This place is great!!!!!
1	I come to this restaurant all the time and the food is great. I came tonight and we were over sat at the tepanyaki table which was okay.. Although the chef wasn't aware so we had to remind him a few times. The kicker though there was a cockroach.. Crawling across our toes. We were sat at 9 and at 10 a server started.. 10 min after the cockroach was killed and swept away... Did anyone say sorry? No. We had to wait until the end of our $250 bill to get up and ask the manager if he was aware what happened. Which he said he was and was on the phone with "Eco lab" for the whole hour we were eating and couldn't apologize. No one apologized finally when we asked we got a $50 gift card... Well remember there's never just 1 cockroach there's a lot more so I will never go back and that $50 gift card is like a $50 gift certificate to a town dump.
4	i think there food and service is great , really nice people , and great prices .....
4	Sapporo was the happy hour hotspot that my friends and I used to frequent years ago when I'd just moved here.  I took a long hiatus from going once I moved South and started a family... (and by hiatus, I'm talking at least 3 years), but I went back recently for a GNO (girls night out) and had a very pleasant experience.Joe was our waiter and he was fabulous... extremely outgoing and fun personality, but also extremely knowledgeable when it came to both the food and drinks.  He had a bunch of supporters / runners helping him out as well and service overall was impressively attentive!The prices were great too... all day happy hour is the way to go, and what a great value to get discounted but quality sushi!  We shared edamame three ways at our table and I sampled several rolls including the Scottsdale Roll, Friends with Benefits Roll, and eel roll.  All were good! I'll have to take my son back sometime for the hibachi side... and I'll have to capture a video for yelp on my next visit too.  I definitely won't be waiting another several years to return; I hope to be back real soon!
5	Pros:I should have appreciated this place more when I lived in Phoenix. Best hibachi calamari I have ever had. How do they get the flesh so soft and smooth? I liked the mixed drinks and the decor. Cons: This is a beautiful restaurant, where beautiful people go to hit on each other. The other clients are some of the most pretentious, but admittedly attractive, people I have ever encountered in my life. If I felt like coming here, I made sure to do my hair and make up. And I made sure I either drove my Range Rover or I parked my Mini Cooper in the back where no one could see it.
4	I love their fried calamari. The beef sliders are too dry. I will go there just for that. The place is lacked of ambiance but great Happy Hour for all summer!
5	I came to Saporro a few nights ago with my family. Joseph was our server and he was awesome.  He was extremely nice and very attentive. Even though he was very busy we had every thing we needed before we had to ask. It was only my 2nd time there and he was very helpful with the menu and recommend some amazing food. He was very funny and had a great personality I only hope next time we come in to eat that Joseph will be our server again he was awesome!!!!
4	Great place to go for Happy hour and people watch. Marrtin (said with a Spanish flair)...is a wondeful bartender and provides service with a smile...always!
4	Was very good! Will come again. Our chef Umberto was great. He was good with the kids and food was cooked to perfection. Our server Armando was awesome. He took excellent care of our table.
4	I really like this place. I always change up what I get to eat. Overall everything is pretty tasty. I got the sea bass tacos with pork belly yesterday. The place is very well designed and elegant, I feel that many places are losing their "high end lounge" look. Even though this place is old, it still puts up a good fight in today's market. And yes everyone still talks about this place being the "pre-game" of once Barcelona's night club.
4	Went here tonight with my family for a birthday celebration. It was so much fun!! Be prepared to look good though for this restaurant!! I thought my dress was nice till I saw the other girls. Then I just wanted to go home!! Haha : ) Our server Joe was excellent. He was super enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the menu. The bussers came around and cleared plates and refilled drinks in a timely manner. Our chef Goeff was awesome too. He was entertaining for all the ages at our table. If you check in you get free edamame which is what I started with. I ordered the steak and shrimp for the main entree and I was pretty happy with it. I always look forward to the salad though at these restaurants and I was sort of disappointed in that part of it. The rice was so delicious though and the two sauces they serve with the meal were pretty tasty. We ended up getting lots of things for the happy hour price which was so awesome and made the bill a lot less than we expected! Bonus!!
5	Beautiful decor, service is great, the food is incredible, 6 of us went for happy hour and the table was filled with fantastic plates. Lobster potstickers, crab Rangoon, sushi, edamame, Elements bowls etc and very reasonable even with drinks.
4	Decided to go here over Benihana and this did not disappoint. The steak and shrimp were great and the can still use fire for entertainment.
4	This place is very great...sushi is very fresh, great waitstaff and the environment is very sexy
2	This use to be my favorite place for a happy hour.  However - recently they changed the menu and I was disappointed.  Higher prices for drinks and they eliminated the Tapanakki from the happy hour!  That is a huge loss and will cause me not to frequent as much.
5	Sapporo is a great place for happy hour and dinner. I've been to both. Sushi is great and considering how big it is, I never felt as if I was waiting or looking for my server. Price point isn't very bad either. A must try at least once :)
4	One of my favorite sushi places. Uplifting atmosphere. The staff is extremely attentive. Can't beat the happy hour pricing.
5	Great food, club atmosphere, great service, great bar.
4	I love coming here with a big group. I love the tepenaki table and I love the ambience, vibe, and atmosphere here. The food is amazing. I used to go to Benihanas and I can tell you that Sapporo's actually gives you good quality food unlike Benihanas. Everything comes out hot and perfect. The wait time is normal and the service is really good. They have parking all around and you can choose to be seated outside. I would come here once a week with a big group.
5	Absolutely one of the BEST Happy Hour venues.  Lovely open bar and outside bar seating.  The HH menu is fabulous.  Martine, behind the bar, is awesome - makes for a great evening.AND, if you want Sushi or Teppanyaki - you can't go wrong!
2	I wish I could rate the food and service separately!! Food was great and loved the atmosphere but our server was a train wreck.  I think he was new so I tried to give him a break.  My sister and I were bartenders for 10 years (so we love and appreciate the service Industry), but this was pretty bad.  Our order was incorrect, then an additional order was completely forgotten(waited over an hour for it). When it was time for the bill, that was a disaster as well.  We were visiting from Chicago and heard great things about this restaurant. Too bad the service was not so hot.
5	This is hands down the Best Quality Sushi. I go here just about ever Thursday and I will tell you the service is on point. I also have allergies and they cater to this with a smile. Highly recommended!!!!
2	Sometimes I think, "Why can't I just leave a 5 star review and overlook every little detail?" I try so hard...but I am a yelper. So, we came late at night, and I am happy they had no qualms about seating us. The service started out great, and I was so impressed, but then it slowly declined. Drinks got slower, and our waiter became strangely rude and snappy. Then our chef (whatever you call them) came out and started his show. He was really funny and cheerful, but a little inappropriate and used a lot of sexual innuendos with the females. Now, it was not to the point that you wanted to punch him in the face, but it was just hitting the line of too much. Now, as he was doing his show, he broke a bowl on the grill where he was cooking our rice. I guess the show must go on, because he just scooted the bowl off and kept cooking. Needless to say, there was clay bowl in my rice that I kept spitting out. The food was good, excluding the clay bowl rice. Would I come back? Probably not.
4	Sapporo is a great place for happy hour whether that be with friends or co-workers.  There are a decent amount of TV's so if you get dragged there during a game don't worry.  They have Teppanyaki which we did not try but does give it more variety and a family style appeal.  Patio seating available and if it is nice out sit outside for sure!
5	Blue Fin, Lobster Potstickers, Sashimi Platter etc etc all Fabulous. Pork Belly was meh!!! Busy, Sexy place with great food and great drinks
4	Update: the manager ended up calling me and sending us a gift card to make up for the experience. She was very nice and apologetic and treated us very well. She personally made the reservation for us and often visited us at the table to check in. We did get the teppanyaki table as originally asked for. We were pleased with the way the situation was handled and had a great time!
4	This is my second time here and I have to say the food and service are very consistent and exceptional.I'm not a big sushi person however eating here has definitely changed my mind and I love it.I would highly recommend the Las Vegas and friends with benefit which are both a definite must in my book!  you will not be disappointed.
1	Made a reservation using Open Table 4 days in advance of my birthday only to get a phone call hours before telling me there are no teppanyaki tables available & that Open Table isn't a good method of reservations for their restaurant. Well, then don't have it as your reservation tool on your website! Or, you could have at least called with a little more advance notice so that we could make alternate plans when you know this to be an issue.
