4	La Banquise serves "gourmet" poutine in the sense that not only serves the tradional style with curds and gravy. They have at least 25 different variations but all the different variations are very "down-to-earth" unlike the poutine that I once had in a fancy restaurant with lobster, brie and bernaise suace.I tried the one called "Mart poutine" with smoked sausage, bacon and sauteed mushrooms as well as the curds and gravy. That was one delicious combination!This is definitely a place to try if you are in Montreal. The decor is very casual and funky... a great place to hangout with friends. Great place for lunch, snack, dinner, or after a night of partying.
5	I did my Poutine challenge all over Montreal and there were several increbile poutines that I was most pleased with. La Banquise was the best. The plain, old-fashioned fries-curds&gravy poutine was fantastic there. I totally ate that and realised that this was probably the best straight-up poutine I had on my visit, but then I tried the BOM and that just sealed it. It was incredible and my visit was a success because I'd found the perfect poutine. I'd tries at least 8 different poutines that week, and this was the best. Oddly enough, it was recommended to me by a taxi driver who also pointed me to a bowlign alley that did a pretty good one too!
5	My family came up to visit me over Canadian Thanksgiving, and I was asking around for restaurant recommendations (since I'd moved up recently and was a bit of a stranger myself).  Pretty much everyone told me that La Banquise was the best place for poutine, and I'm inclined to agree.  So many varieties, good prices, and they also have some other breakfast/diner type dishes if you don't want poutine (and what is wrong with you?  Poutine is delicious!).  Open 24 hours, although I haven't tested that yet.
5	I give poutine as a whole just one star. It's revolting and amazing at the same time.However, this place is known for the quality and variety of their poutine. It was busy, but they were fast. Portions were generous for the price. Don't order the large; you won't finish it.This place is also in a good and fashionable neighborhood. Enjoy!
5	I drove through snowstorms, twice, from Boston to Montreal for authentic poutine. La Banquise has amazing stuff, it will definitely kill you, but I love it love it!!My buddy and I would always laugh at the "Three Amigos" Poutine - three shady meats haha what a way to go  I heart & miss Montreal a lot.
4	there are a number of recommended places for poutine, a quintessential canadian comfort food, in montreal. not only was la banquise mentioned by anthony bourdain, but a preview of the menu online indicated there was, in addition to a vegetarian version for the pescetarian bf and the classic poutine, a variety of options of toppings for your poutine including a variation on the gravy. we opted for the classic (cheese curds, gravy & fries), the veggie (green peppers, mushrooms & onions plus classic ingredients), the mart (sausage, bacon plus classic) and the jaco (minced beef, onions, pepper sauce instead of generic gravy). although the fries were on the greasy could have been more crunchy side (my main complaint), they were all tasty, and definitely worth the experience. i liked the pepper sauce on the jaco the best. the gravy on the others were a little bland and not memorable. i think if you're going to cover your crunchy pommes frites and render them somewhat mushy, you better have some tasty sauce.the resto has a casual, youthful cafe feel and being open late, seems like a great place for snacking after (or during) drinks. the regular sized poutines are pretty sizable. even if i could eat more, i don't think i could eat a large quantity of such heavy food. they also serve hamburgers and other pub-type foods.
4	This place was jam-packed at 2:30AM on a Friday.  Go figure.  We were bundled-up Americans just stopping by on our way to Mont Tremblant.  Everyone else was a club-goer, looking to sober up with some delicious poutine.We only had to wait about five minutes, though the line was significantly longer as we stepped out.  We ordered the Matty and Kamikaze.  They were great, as I'm sure all the other options would have been.  The curds didn't quite squeak, but they were close.  I would have preferred the fries more crispy, but I guess there's no point if they're soaked in gravy.Cash-only, open 24-hours (!!!), grungy, but fun.
4	If you want to experience the hype in Montreal. This is the place. I went there around 2AM on a saturday and it is PACKED. Long lines for both eat in and take outs. But this is exactly why I went there! They have a long menu of all kinds of poutines, all of them are absolutely UNHEALTHY. That is probably the most unhealthy food I've ever had. But it tasted great. One thing I notice is that it seems the eat in portion is twice as big as the take out version. not sure if they are the same price. But you gotta try it!  An after party must~ ;-)
4	If you want poutine at 4 a.m. after a nite of clubbing...you must make a stop here.  Open 24/7, this hearty serving of fries with cheese curds and brown gravy is the best in town.  I would recommend the "Poutine Galvaude" which consist of a poutine topped with chicken and peas.  The peas in the Galvaude balanced out the meal...so now you can tell your mommy that you had your veggies.  I also tried the T-Rex (Minced meat, pepperoni, bacon and smoked sausages) but that was just too much meat.   I love meat....but there is a limit.  Although a woman who loves meat is a woman after my own heart.
5	As a tourist, I had never heard of this place before entering-I was just hungry and looking for some delicious poutine after spending some time in the parc. (It was 10 years ago, so it may not have had the same reputation)Either way, this place cemented my love for poutine and has become a must-visit for me everytime I'm in the city. While it may seem like it takes forever when sitting down, I suspect this is simply illusion because waiting for poutine can feel torturous. The variety of poutine dishes is amazing, and I've still yet to try them all. Either way, things you would not think should work do. Make a point to visit this mecca of gravy/curd/fries. If you're conscious about your health-well, you only live once, right?
4	Awesome poutine, open 24 hours, and a decent selection of bottled beer...what more could you ask for?Be adventurous, try a funky poutine!
2	Alright, I'm really severe I know, but hey i'll have the decency of saying to future tourist: The Best Poutine in Town? Nah Not so sure. I know where's my best poutine ever now that i've experience the supposedly the best poutine in Montreal.Ok it's 24h. Ok it's cool to see some weird mixt of poutine but please, have the courage to call it something else. Anyway the place is always pact, the service is typically Snack Bar but in a the Trendy Plateau Mont-Royal. So I went there for my 25th birtday, wanted to try the regular poutine thinking i'll be eating the best damn thing ever. 9.10$ for a large regular poutine ( and for the other so called poutine it goes up to 13-14$ ) . It's over expensive for a poutine. For a poutine never pay more than 8$! Anyway, I eat there and feel the regular really acid sauce, I felt i was getting some cheap caned poutine sauce. Really disapointed. The large size is too big so get a regular one and save some money!Location : feels like a neighbourhood restaurant, jammed pack with people 24/7 and like I said, too expensive for a poutine that feel pretty OK.
4	Apparently they have the best poutine in town. If you are new to this, I would go for the original poutine - fries with cheese curds, smothered with yummy gravy. If you want add a kick, try their different variations with merguez sausage, beef etc. Yes, it's a recipe to heart attack but it's oh soo good! The atmosphere inside is cosy and if the weather is nice, definitely check out the outdoor seating.
3	I'm a little obsessed with poutine, ever since having it in, of all places, Chicago.  So when I heard that La Banquise had the best poutine in Montreal, it made my list for "must eat" destinations.Um, this is not the best poutine in Montreal.  In fact, I was only able to get poutine twice while in Montreal (I mean, there's only so much gravy soaked fries and cheese curds one girl can eat) and this was the second best.I ordered the poutine with peppers and onions because I like to try to kid myself that I'm eating semi-healthy.  Veggies help with this illusion.  The poutine is a little pricey at $8-$9 or so, but not too bad.  If you're dining alone, definitely get the regular.  The large is enormous.  Though this poutine was fine, I actually preferred the cheaper yet similarly sized pepper and onion poutine at Patati Patata.I was able to sit on the patio in the back, which was very nice and the staff was friendly but overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to grab poutine at La Banquise while in Montreal.
5	I had never had a real poutine but I'm willing to try anything once. The concept for fries with cheese and gravy didn't sound too bad. My boyfriend took me to La Banquise and told me that it was the best in Montreal. They have a large selection of poutines. After trying mine, I was hooked. It was really good and since it was the first and only one I have ever had, it was the best. The atmosphere of the restaurant is low keyed and cozy. There is a small outside porch area full of plants and small birds looking for a treat. I would suggest visiting La Banquise just for a poutine. ENJOY!
4	Put-zin or poo-teen or something in between? I don't know but the waitress understood me when I asked for Poutine Obelix (smoked meat), one of the 25 poutine variations on the menu. I prounounced it like we do in Manchester, NH (put-zin). Busy, funky restaurant in the Plateau neighborhood. The regular sized serving was more than enough for me. Dinner for two and a couple of beers came to around $30. A bit expensive for fries, gravy and meat, but it was tasty comfort food.
4	Really nice place but I don't believe they serve anything other then poutine after a certain hour. Sad because I'm not a big cheese fan but a must visit place !
5	I've never had poutine before so this is from a tourist perspective. Order the small! because it fills you up!This place is to poutine like what california pizza kitchen is to pizza. Poutine is Fries with Gravy and Cheese Curds (think chunks of mozzerella or something similar). La Banquise mixes it up and it is suprisingly really good!I had the Poutine Mexicane: Fries, Gravy, Cheese Curds, Olives and Peppers. It's was delicious! My friend had the Pizza version: Fries, Gravy, Cheese Curds, Pepperoni, Green Peppers and Mushrooms. That's was really good too!I was here Tuesday Night and I've been thinking and craving poutine for the past 3 days. It's THAT good!I made a video of my experience on youtube incase anyone is curious: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUm-2oaLGvc
3	Ehhhhhh... well... I was here at 3 or 4 am in the morning and had just finished a tour of long islands, so I can't exactly say I was uber sober or alert.  This was my first poutine experience and it wasn't the beeeest, but I guess it did the job.  They have an amazing selection of poutines, to say the least.  My next trip, I tried poutine at Frite Alors, which is a direct competitor of La Banquise and preferred it mucho.  And the burgers at Frite Alors ROCK.  I don't know.  Something about Frite Alors poutine excited me more.Want more of me?  Video foodie blog at http://www.tastytwosome.com
4	In all my trips to Montreal, I'd never had poutine before but we finally decided to try the local grub and when I say grub I mean GRUB. I wouldn't describe poutine any other way. Maybe "slop". Anyway, les gens du coin all said this was the spot to pop your poutine cherry, with its extremely long list of poutine plats and 24-hour 'round the clock service. So we plunked down around midnight and ordered a monstrosity... I believe it was called the T-Rex? A heaping plate of cheese curds & fries, doused in a deluge of gravy and in this case, topped with a couple animals' worth of meaty bits. To be honest, the meaty bits were pretty gross. I LOVED the cheese curds, and the fries with gravy were...well, fries with gravy. Tasty, but you never feel good about eating such nonsense. In retrospect, I would've been -much- happier with the "Classique", sans meat. I'm going to give this place 4 stars because I imagine if you LIKE poutine, or you're a first-timer like I was, you can't get better dished up 'round the clock in Montreal than at La Banquise, nor can you get more varieties. However, it misses a 5 star review because it has just about the nastiest bathroom I have ever encountered, anywhere. Truly, it was awful. Two were out of order, and the one available had no paper, suspicious pools of liquid all over the floor, stench...needless to say I fled. Oh, and after 22H you have to pay your waitress up front, in cash. Just FYI
3	Straight and to the point--- the poutine here isn't any better than a good poutine found in Toronto. The reviews are misleading and mostly from people who have never eaten poutine before so the rating is skewed for the people who just had their first poutine really and think it's the tops...well yes! Poutine is great, but this place doesn't do it "better" necessarily than anywhere else you've enjoyed a poutine before.  Don't go out of your way from the tourist area JUST for this place.
4	The only poutine I have had in Montreal. Agree with the other raving reviews about this place. For as bad as this place is in terms of clogging the arteries, I'd rather die of that then not be able to try the different varieties of poutine they have each day.
5	you can't really go wrong if you offer 20+ variations on an already perfect meal.
5	So I had to go to the hospital today for a procedure. I got up early and was hungry. Not peckish but hungry. So I decided to go to La Banquise for some poutine. I've always had take away there and have never eaten in. I arrive there at 6 am. There is only one other customer. There are about 14 staff members cooking, cleaning and having breakfast. Including one french chap of mixed race who is dancing and singing to Bob Marley! (very cool IMHO). The wait staff wasn't too comfortable in English so they suffered through my bad French. (Doesn't ANYONE speak Gaelic anymore.lol) The menu that the server dropped off was only for breakfast. The server then seamlessly handed off my table to a young lady that had just arrived. They did it so well too. I was impressed. So going with the flow I ordered a complete breakkie. 3 Eggs over easy, ham, bacon , sausages, creton, toast and fresh fruit. As well as OJ and tea. JESUS WEPT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The meal was perfect. The eggs were not overdone at all. I've been to some places here that are much higher end and who pride themselves on their brunches and breakfasts, but no one except The Sparrow can hold a candle to La Banquise. IMHO Try it, you'll like it. As they used to say in an old commercial.
4	Delicious poutine in many, many varieties and open almost 24 hours! What more can you ask for? Admittedly I'm not a poutine expert as I've only had it a few times in my life -- and most of those times I was ten. But you know I HAD to have poutine as my first meal in Montreal and La Banquise handily satiated my craving. I ordered classic poutine and my husband ordered a version with cabbage, both huge servings, came out piping hot with REAL cheese curds! Delicious! Loud, lots of drunk people waiting for a big table to open up (we anticipated a long wait as we saw a bunch of people hanging out by the entrance, but all of them turned out to be people who are waiting for big tables.) I'd happily return anytime.
5	My favorite poutine place in Montreal!* Open 24 hours* Large list of different toppings for poutine* Fresh curds* Gravy that is not too acidic, salty, or runnyMy typical order is the two hot dogs (toasted all dressed) with a side of original poutine!
4	This poutine thing is a real death trap, but so good! I tried the Poutine Dan Dan : Regular Poutine with Onion & Bacon. The cheese burger was nice and cheap. They have good taste in music too!
5	I think I died and went to poutine heaven. Had the Classic, Veggie, and Dance. All were excellent, though I would go back for the Dance and the Classic. Three large portions were (almost) enough to satisfy three very hungry people.Make sure you have cash ahead of time - their ATM was not working when we went, and the nearest one is in some weird bar down the street.
4	ALL POUTINE, ALL THE TIME!This all-night, artery-clogging joint was a gawdsend at 4am when my friends and I left the bar to soak up the alcohol we had ingested. That extra hour of drinking provided a good excuse for me to partake in a large plate full of cheese, starch and not-too salty gravy, no matter how unhealthy it might have been. The menu was full with many, many choices, but I settled on the Poutine Bacon that cost $7.The place was packed and loud, and I'm impressed that the servers did not lose their cool. To be working when the nearby bars are letting out drunk, obnoxious people must be a pain in the ass. I hope they get tipped very well.
5	Easily the bestpoutine in Montreal andit's open all day!
2	*(New photo uploaded!)My dinner companion and I had heard many mentions of La Banquise, however, neither of us had ever had a chance to visit it yet.We made a last minute decision to check it out, as my friend was in serious need of a poutine that chilly winter night.We were lucky enough to find street parking directly across the street. Considering that it was a rather busy Saturday night, we were seated almost immediately. I believe they accept cash only. There is a small ATM on-site, located near the door.My friend ordered the "Three Amigos", which is a poutine topped with three types of sausages. I chose a Club Sandwich made with turkey meat and opted to upgrade my side of fries to a standard poutine. Although there seems to be a variety of local and microbrewery beers available on the menu, we ordered soft drinks with our meals.Between the background music and the chatty crowd, the atmosphere was a bit loud for our tastes, making it a bit difficult to have a conversation across the table. Some of the decor is a bit kitschy, as we were seated under a pillar with a large artificial branches with a few oranges hanging down. Our waitress looked like a throwback to the 80's -- complete with big hair, bright scarlet red lipstick, overdone makeup, skintight black leggings, short booties and a huge bejewelled Madonna-style cross necklace! Luckily, she seemed to be the only one of the sort; the rest of the wait staff were dressed very casual and normal in style.Our meals arrived relatively quickly; although I had to ask for mayonnaise (which is unusual in Montreal, most places almost always bring some with Club Sandwich orders). I also had to ask for a knife for my mayo, as we were only served with napkins and forks.I am rather picky about my poutine and I was rather disappointed by the "standard" one served by La Banquise, as it wasn't exactly to my preferred tastes.There are several sides to poutine lovers -- some absolutely demand the grease-drenched soggy fries, others prefer slightly floppy fries with theirs, and I am one of those that prefer my fries to be somewhat crisper and still have some shape to them.The poutine had somewhat floppy fries and were a bit more greasy than I prefer. The sauce was a touch heavy and almost chunky in texture. At least the cheese curds were fresh, if not overly generous in quantity.My dinner companion was fairly satisfied by his poutine, however he mentioned that what "made it" was the variety of sausages that topped it -- otherwise it was a rather standard fare poutine for Montreal.For most people, the "regular" portion is more than enough; only order the large is you are *really* hungry or are sharing between two people.Overall, we were slightly disappointed by La Banquise; mostly because we had heard such marvelous things about this place. If you have never experienced poutine, or have not had much variety in types of poutine, I could see how this place would seem heavenly.However, as a long-time Montrealer, it was actually only a little above average -- the only major saving grace was the variety of styles of poutine offered on the menu. The prices were a little on the high side, especially for the more standard poutine styles -- you can get better for less money elsewhere in the city.We're not sure if we would bother returning, as neither of us were particularly impressed by our dining experience.
4	I love this place, in the cold Montreal days/night, poutine is the way to go. Here's the skinny... Food: 4.5 (burger?) Decor: 5 to me, but I could see how others would say its too... loud, visually and verbally Dress: No code here people Price: Cheap! just the way I love it. Food Ordered: Traditional Poutine, regular size, killed it... and a cheeseburger "dressed", it too well done for me.. I don't know if they have medium available.. but this review was for Poutine. Cheval Blanc which tastes like a Hoegaarden Tip: After a certain time, waiters want to be paid first, which makes sense (drunken customers w/o cash).
5	Poutine!First time having it, and it was truly epic. I will definitely be eating there again upon my next visit to Montreal.
4	A little pricey, but the place to go for poutine at a random hour. Their variations on a classic are BRILLIANT!
4	I normally don't eat fries, but then again this place doesn't serve fries, they serve Poutine!I loved the variety and the portions were huge. After a long day of snowboarding, extra bacon and gravy was in order.
5	Must try the poutine bacon!  Mmmmmmmmmmmm
5	The best place in town to eat poutine. 24/7. Great selection of poutine, so don't go there for a regular one. Good for quality/price.
4	came here right before it got busy again, but i still had to wait 5-10 min for a table (3pm on a saturday). service was great, i dont see how ANYBODY can eat a large order of the poutine since in the end i couldnt even finish my regular, just ate all the cheese curd. it was really good but i should have gotten something w/ more veggies. i chose to get the beef + onions one... beef is just a hamburger patty crumbled up but overall its good. i would imagine even just a plain one is good. yuuuuuuummmmm
4	Poutine. Gravy, cheese, and fries. A combination so good that I planned my night around it. After many pitchers of beer, I had set things up so that my friends and I could stumble into this place. Granted, I barely remember getting there, but boy do I remember gobbling fries and screaming, "Another order please!!!"Open all night, you will not find a better late night eats.
3	La Banquise has a big reputation to live up to.  I finally tried it last week.  I ordered the Obelix, my wife had the classic poutine.  I say - it's fun to have extra things on a poutine, but when it comes to their fries, cheese and gravy, la banquise is not the best.  They make a great poutine, but this place is not poutine mecca.  Go and enjoy their fancy poutines, and make sure you order one of the special ones.  Bring your extra wallet for la banquise's outrageous prices.  It's nice to experience this place once, maybe even twice...but Montreal has more to offer (like decarie hot-dog)!
5	I had the T. Rex poutine two nights ago.  I still don't think it has left my system.  I don't think I want it to, either.  Great compliment to a very filthy lap dance down the street.Three hungry ruggers failed to take this one down.  Maybe on the next trip we will destroy it.- Juggernaut approved
4	Returned to La Banquise on Friday night, wait, technically Saturday morning.  My friends and I had the small Classic, T-Rex, and Poivre. The classic is the best that I've had so far.  The T-Rex was way too salty with all its smoke meat.  The poivre (pepper as in salt & pepper pepper) sauce didn't go as well with the frites as good old gravy does.  It's best not to diverge.  The Italian sauce isn't as good as gravy either. Though La Banquise's poutine isn't other worldly, it's still the best that I've tried in Montreal.  One cab driver was trying to convince me that the poutine at Costco there was good too.  Somehow, I'm skeptical.
4	I know there is a ton of reviews on this but I have to add mine as a recent Montreal defector, who now lives in BC. This place is horrible. Haha no justa kidding, open 24hours the best service you can find at 4 in the morning and the food is pure laine 100% Quebecois! This what clings to your ribs when it's -40 below or just finished a Forty.. The girl that served us on the day I left was so nice that I didn't want to leave and just remember that January night. Poutinesss, think of it like an ice cream shoppe except for fries, cheese and gravy as the base. If you go to Montreal GO THERE!! Danse la Poutine!
5	I am a big fan of this place after trying it once. A visitor to Montreal should stop in for some great and diverse poutine. They also have non-poutine items for those who are interested.We tried the the T-Rex and the Mexican and both were good. THe staff also speaks both English and French, so no worries from either side.
4	Here's how the conversation went between me and my Montrealer friend, in my first visit to his hometown:- Have you tried the poutine yet?- Yes, but I didn't find it too special - well, maybe because I've tried only the ones from Harvey's and Burger King...- Right, so you haven't tried the poutine yet.If this is how poutine is, it's tremendously good. We had the Matty, and the large portion satisfied me and my wife. All of this for only twenty bucks. The atmosphere is perfect for a good night of talking, laughing and eating.Surely will come back whenever possible.
4	my first poutine experience! read the raves on yelp and my local friend agreed - this is THE spot for poutine. we arrived late thursday night and ordered between the 3 of us 2 medium poutines - one with veggies and another with green peppers, onions, and sausage. fresh, hot, large portions and i really enjoyed it! it does sound a little strange to the typical american - fries topped with cheese curds and gravy - but the cheese curds were melted, chewy, and fresh and we were all stuffed afterward!b/c poutine is a great after-drinking snack, they require you to pay before you get your order but it actually works out pretty well since things get busy and it's hard to catch one of those (cute, young, friendly) servers.
5	This was my first authentic poutine in well over 15 years and it was just as good as I rememberd. There are a ton of reiews already, I just wanted to add that they are the only place I found while in town that has 100 percent vegetarian poutine (gravy included). I had both the traditional and the ground beef with onion variety. So good that I went back twice in the week I stayed in Montreal. I adored my cider, Mystique and hope to find SOMEPLACE in the US to purchase.
5	Le Banquise 24h is a staple of Montreal. Just like Schwartz's or Biftec, it's one of those places that you don't necessarily go to often, but that you never forget and always crave.
5	Poutine Rachel.  So good you'll want to rub it all over your face!
4	My friends and I went to Montreal for the weekend, and they had never tried poutine. We found Resto La Banquise on yelp, and decided to give it a try. We went Sunday around lunchtime. The patio was full and mostly had tables for 2, so we sat indoors, which was really cute. I loved the decor and feel of the place. We ordered 3 different poutines- original, hot dog, and beef/mushrooms/green peppers. We also ordered a hamburger and 2 side salads. The food took a really, really long time, and the service was also pretty slow in general. However, the wait was totally worth it! We ordered the regular poutine size, but they were BIG. None of us finished our plates. The burger was small but delicious and cheap, about $3.50. The side salads were pretty basic, but one of my friends didn't like the seasoning they used. The poutine was delicious. They mostly just throw the additional things (hot dogs, mushrooms, etc.) on top of the original poutine. I loved the hot dog poutine.Definitely worth a trip if you're in search of some delicious poutine and a cute restaurant! When we left, there was quite a long line- so go early!
4	I was told that I must try poutine while in Montreal.  French fries with cheese curds covered in gravy?  Yummmmm.  I have not tried poutine anywhere else so I can't make any comparisons.  When you enter, go left for take-out and go right to eat-in.  I had the Classique while my wife had the Rachel (peppers, mushrooms, and onions).  Both were pretty darn good.  If you love fries and have never tried poutine I can't imagine you being disappointed with the poutine here.
3	This place is a 24 hour diner but the service was surprisingly slow around 1 p.m. (tail end of lunch hour).  There was plenty of hustle and bustle and action, but you had to literally make direct eye contact with a waitress and "glamor" them like a vampire before you got them to come over and take your order.  Just a heads up to those who expect service right away.  Then again, the lack of attention may be their style like some places that pride themselves on rudeness.The poutine is basic (even though they boast 24 different varieties).  And I'd recommend sticking to the basic building blocks (fries, gravy, cheese curds) and maybe adding onions and ground beef because...Well, seriously, what isn't better with onions and ground beef?  Keep in mind that this is Montreal's version of the LA street taco, NY pizza, Chicago hot dog, or whatever other iconic local fast food you can think of and this is the best known place for it.  So even if you don't like it, don't say you don't like it to locals.  That's like telling an Italian that the Vatican is just another chapel or church.  That's a huge no-no.  Just smile, eat the dish for what it is.  French fries with gravy and cheese...nothing more, nothing less.  Maybe try a beer to go with it.  The local blondes are great...er...beer that is.  Remember, Poutine is a heavy dish so prepare yourself for it.  As in....don't have a heavy breakfast (which is hard to do when there are so many delicious pastry shops and croissants to be had).Cheers!
3	This place was mentioned in all nearly all searches for good poutine in Montreal, so I had to try it and see what all the hype was about.In our party of four, only two of us have had poutine before, so trying to describe it to them was best if they had it for themselves.  My friends weren't too fond of their selections, but the Duleton I ordered was good.  I'm happy I ordered just the regular size or else I would've had a lot to bring home!  Next time I return to Montreal, I need to try the plain and standard Classique, just so I can compare it to the other versions I've had at other restaurants.
5	The ultimate comfort food!! I grew as a child making a big bowl of french fries and covering them with ketchup and hot sauce. Resto La Banquise took it to a whole'nother level. Being in Montreal for business, I had experienced other fine food previous to this adventure but the Poutine with ground beef, bell peppers, and onions was like no other. I could have ate it AAAALLLLLLLL day long, it was so good. I could imagine being in college, ordering a regular and sitting on the sofa, studying and eating all day. What is in that gravy? Don't know! But where is the gravy? GONE, I ate it all!
3	Oh poutine, where has your creamy fried richness been all of my life?Resto la banquise is the mecca of poutine spots. They make it practically any which way you want. A couple hours after landing in MTL, we decided this is where I should have my first poutine experience.  It was about 1pm or so, and there was no horde of people waiting to be seated but we were left waiting at the host area for a good sub 10 minutes while servers walked back and forth, passing by the very obviously waiting US numerous times.  Minus a point for that. We were finally seated, a nice little booth by a window overlooking the outside.  The menu was a bit overwhelming, not necessarily because it was written solely in french (I have a fair aptitude of the language), rather because there were so many options! Now I'm undoubtedly a carnivore, no ifs ands or buts, so I had to get myself a meaty dish of poutine.  We ordered the Poutine Mart (bacon, smoked sausage and mushrooms) and Poutine Italienne (meatsauce).  The dishes are large, even their regular sized plates. And their poutine is oozing with toppings.  The fries were cooked well enough, lacked that bit of crisp that I generally like. The gravy was a  nice rich brown gravy. Fair amount of cheesecurds, but you can never have too much of that anyway. I was disappointed in the lack of bacon, and the fact that they used hotdogs (i think) vs smoked sausage. Overall, not bad, but not what I was expecting.The 2nd dish of poutine with the meatsauce was pretty good. The cheesecurds were melty and the sauce was reminiscent of a filipino meatsauce, with a slight sweetness to it. Prices are moderate, under $10 a plate.Would definitely return to gain some redemption for my first experience, as I'm sure they can pull off something magically and deliciously fattening.
5	THE Poutine of Montreal... The menu has a wide selection, including vegatarian poutine. Come with a very empty stomach and be prepared to walk out uncomfortably full... But well worth it!! A must for the poutine explorer...
4	We were wandering around Plateau Mont-Royal looking for a good place for lunch. We weren't necessarily craving poutine, but decided to give La Banquise a try because it came highly recommended by our travel guide (and we needed a walking break). We came in on a weekday afternoon and it was pretty quiet. There were a few people out in the patio area, but we were the only people dining indoors. We both ordered sandwiches and an order of "classic" poutine. The sandwiches were huge and all the ingredients were very fresh. We were a bit intimidated by the giant plate of poutine,which we've only had once before Stateside. However, it was delicious in all its gravy goodness. The gravy wasn't very salty and the cheese curds were very fresh. Service was attentive and friendly. Great spot for a tasty lunch near the park.
4	We arrived at 12:30am and it was lined up out the door but I am glad we toughed it out for the 15 minutes it took to get a table.  We ordered a classique and a duleton.  They were everything a poutine should be - handcut dark fries, rich gravy and tonnes of curds!  The onions on the duleton were amazing.  Well worth the hype.
3	If you want to become a big fat fattie, you have found the perfect place. There are a million permutations of toppings for the innocent little fries. I had to have the Mexican with avocados. It was decent with slightly salty gravy, and rubbery cheese. Goodness, I never thought rubbery cheese was good unless it was haloumi. It is alright here.
3	It was alright. I wouldn't say it's amazing but it's good. I ordered an apricot beer to match the poutine and it was very good. I say it's good to try it at least once but it's not something I would comeback for. There are many more good eats in Montreal to try.
5	The poutine at Resto La Banquise is to die for. Each poutine dish is packed with fries and a lot of toppings and gravy. I had the "3 amigos" poutine several times (several kinds of meat) and it was incredible. Low prices, big portions, and a great variety on the menu. The gravy is not too salty either, which helps. Always busy, but definitely worth the while to try.
3	Vegetarian poutine.  I asked for the veggie gravy on the side, since I'm not much of a gravy fan.  It was all very good.  I split a gigantic portion with my girlfriend and we were super stuffed.  Good stuff here, probably even better if you're a meat eater.
4	A sure bet for great Poutine. Many Variations. Try the Taquise!
5	Epic poutine!!!
5	The only restaurant we visited twice on our trip, the poutine was excellent - especially the vegetarian version with onions! It's a bit crowded and a bit loud, but we never waited more than a few minutes for a table. The taquise poutine was also very tasty, who knew that guacamole and gravy were a winning combination?
4	This was by far the best poutine I had in Montreal, and if you want to eat a plate of the local junk food specialty, you should make this your first stop. The service is fast, the portions are more than you'll ever need (definitely big enough to split), and they have a bunch of fun variations on poutine involving everything from smoked meat to peas. The vegetarian poutine was the only disappointing thing. My wife doesn't eat meat, and I know that veggie poutine can be done better than this since we've had it at Potato Champion in Portland. My other complaint is the silly, tiny waiting area, which is a confusing mess if you come for take-out and only slightly less of a mess if you're waiting for a table. The place seems busy at all hours, so they should figure this out. But this is clearly the place to go for the local heart attack delicacy, and I recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.
5	I have gone twice this trip and the poutine is great. Many kinds to choose from...the one with hot sauce and banana peppers was a great compliment to any of the meat ones. Portions are huge and poutine is great for breakfast when you've been out partying! I went on a weekday morning and was seated right away outside in the back porch. If you go on a weekend prepare to wait, unless you call ahead and do take out. They have a breakfast menu, but to be honest I didn't even give it a look. This place is a must try if you're in Montreal! It's a laid back, casual place, and the waitresses are generally knockouts. I will definetlly make my return!
5	The italian poutine was amazing. My second best poutine in montreal and best for the price.
4	Great Poutine and hearty portions, like  a diner which serves only french fries with various meats and toppings. Great for what it is, very very casual open 24 hrs! lots of drunks at night, which itself can be entertaining to watch!
5	As a Canadian transplant in NYC, I often find myself shaking in poutine-withdrawal. Luckily, on a recent trip to Montreal, I was able to satisfy that craving like never before. There were three of us, and we each ordered a small poutine (classic, Hawaiian, and 3-meat). That was kind of a mistake, since between the three of us, we finished only one of the MASSIVE plates. I ate until I couldn't eat any more, and kept eating some more. The crispy fries, the beefy gravy, and the squeaky cheese curds made for a perfect combination of gooey, cheesy, salty, and yummy. Although they do have over 20 different variations of poutine, I think the classic is really all you need- at some point, the extra stuff just gets in the way.Sure, it's small and packed with French-speaking college kids, the decor is weird in a pseudo-European way (a fake tree dominates much of the ceiling), you will leave smelling like a fry cook (and, if you are anything like me, with the top button of your jeans undone). Is it worth it though? ABSOLUTELY :)
4	First time I had poutine. Came on a super busy day. Everyone orders poutine here. The gravy was nice as well as the cheese curds. The fries were the best. I can see why it's so popular. However, CASH ONLY!!!!
4	This place is bonkers!!  Fries, gravy, cheese curds and three....yes three meats on one plate.  Those french Canadians really know what they're doing when it comes to putting all sorts of goodness on french fries.  It may be worth a trip to Montreal for a poutine from this pace.  they just crank our french fry perfection.  As amazing as it is I can't help but think that its even better after a long night of drinking.  We went on a weekend afternoon and a part of me wants to go back to Montreal, party hardy and binge on poutine. We ordered the Poutine Matty and the Poutine Trois Viandes (3-meat!!). I think the 3 meat poutine was just a little too much to handle. The Matty was delicious.  Doesn't really matter what you order - just make sure you get a poutine. They're all amazing!
4	On my third day in Montreal I came here.  My first poutine came on my first night in Montreal, late from the airport after nearly everything nearby had shut for the night.  This first poutine came from the mini-chain La Bell Province, which provided a solid introduction poutine, but right away I saw possibilities for this strange mix.I read about this place in several poutine based sites, so I made the trip.  I had the Poutine Mart (sausage, bacon, mushrooms, with the regular cheese curds, gravy, and fries).  Wow.  Just to look at made my head spin:  it looked like a hot mess, and tasted great.  I might have gone with a little more curd (because I like that fondue aspect of the poutine when the cheese and gravy blend), but I enjoyed this thing.My colleague ordered the Kamikaze (sausage with what southerners would call "sweet mix:"  marinated vegetables).  Both plates came loaded with food and left the table clean.The staff did not seem to care for us:  perhaps we looked too much like what we were:  business people coming in for a late lunch.  We clearly did not have the cool of many of the other patrons.  This lack of cool seemed to bother the staff more than the patrons.I am not an expert on poutine (yet), but I feel comfortable in adding my recommendation to coming here for the real poutine experience.
5	24 hours of poutine-y goodness, YUM! The cheese curds are squeaky and the fries are crispy; perfect as a base layer before hitting up St Denis or before crashing into bed after a night on St Denis. Every time I go to Montreal I head on over to La Banquise. The only reason why I almost gave this place 4 stars is because of the 'no liquor on the patio' policy, but in the summer, I guess it makes sense.
3	I have been pondering for a while what to write regarding my La Banquise experience.  We had a friend visiting from DC and we decided to give her the ultimate Quebec treat with authentic poutine.  It was everything everyone told me about poutine, and I have to say, it was exactly what I expected. Reading the reviews, I guess the poutine is perfection at Banquise.  Are the fries as crispy as they can be under the heavy gravy?  Yes.  Are the cheese curds "squeaky" and chewy?  Yes.  Is the gravy beefy and greasy?  Yes.  Does the selection include bizarre additions (pineapple and ham, hot dogs and mushrooms, etc)?  Yes.  Will all these ingredients reform in your stomach like an enormous brick?  Definitely.  Will your friend from DC complain from belly pains all night long?  Perhaps.Maybe if you grew up on poutine, this stuff hits the spot.  Maybe if you were drinking all night and need a greasy meal, this is your haven.  I am glad I experienced my first poutine at Banquise. But I am not sure if I will ever go back.
4	variety and a slippery floor. what more could you want?Oh, to be the 100th review of La Banquis, of course!
4	well, the servers are the most rude I have ever had, but there French- Canadian so I think it's normal for them. The Poutine was really good which is why I rated them 4 stars, however the servers didn't "kiss up" to their customers like other restaurants would so it was kinda a cold atmosphere. I suppose some people would prefer "service" like that. Anyways, I would recommend this place. The food got out fast and tasted really good :)
5	I went to Resto La Banquise to experience poutine for the first time and I must say I was not disappointed. It was everything I expected. Greasy fries, thick gravy and hunks of unmelted cheese.I had to wait in line for about 45 minutes before getting a table, but that was probably a good thing, I don't think I could have finished a small plate of poutine without being woozily hungry. The service was fast, but since it was past 9:00 the bill had to be paid in advance. After the order was placed it only took about 10 minutes to get the food and a lot longer to eat our way through that thick mess of fat. The food was basically awesome. I had the bacon poutine which I gathered was just the regular poutine with bacon on top. If you're going to have grease why not go all the way, right? It was super cheap, about 7 bucks a plate for the small and filled me up for the remainder of the night. In fact, I hardly wanted to move after eating all of that. I would definitely go back, especially after a night at a bar. That would be so amazing. I can't even imagine...
4	A couple of beers into a late night, a long day of travel and no dinner in my stomach, what seemed like an endless walk, and finally we were here. We got lucky and scored a table immediately, just seconds before the late night rush in this packed place. You could order hot dogs, if you want, but why would you want when you could order from endless varieties of poutine - even a vegetarian version. The servings are HUGE - order small and try to get it all in. French fries, gravy, squeeky cheese curds, the whole thing is a fatty wonderful mess meant, demanded, to be eaten with a fork and another cold beer. You know you want to.
4	The wait may discourage you. The location is not the most central. But it's all worth it. La Banquise is one of the first places I go to after a long trip away from Montreal.For the "classic" poutine, I don't think it's the best one out there (that would be Ashton's in Quebec City) but the choices of poutine is incredible, the cheese and fries are fresh, the portions are huge and the prices are decent. Go and satisfy your poutine craving. I wonder why is there no other places like this in Montreal!
5	*sigh* I just love this place. I love that it is open 24/7. I love how it has so many different poutines to choose from. I love their gravy (not beefy like New York Fries). I can split a small/regular poutine with someone and be nicely full. Last time I was there, I wanted to try their steamie hotdog, but unfortunately their machine was broken. We were there around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon and there was still a 10-minute wait, but the poutine was well worth it. Note that they do not take credit cards. Will definitely go again and recommend it to everyone!
3	Awesome that it's 24 hours, perfect for late night poutine.I got the poutine mexicaine, and I'm really glad I chose that one. The tomatoes, olives, and pepperoncini helped balance out the crazy grease bomb of fries, gravy, and cheese curds. But once the toppings were gone, it got pretty hard to stomach. Even the small size between two people. I definitely needed the beer to wash it all down.Glad I came, and glad I didn't go back for seconds.After 9pm, you have to pay the bill ahead of time.
4	Resto La Banquise offers 24hr poutine glory! Their menu consists of soups, salads, sandwiches, breakfast, sides, desserts, assorted meals, and over 25 different types of poutine.This place is small and kind of resembles Pita Pit- definitely works if you're looking for an informal dining experience. The staff is kind and provides okay service, nothing great.I had their "small" poutine with breaded chicken. I could not even finish it since the portions are so generous. The poutine here is the best! The fries are thick, drenched in hot gravy with a good amount of chewy cheese curds. The breaded chicken was tender with crispy breading,  chopped in little pieces and truly a delicious touch to my poutine. The downfall about this place is that you may suffer through the service. Also, you may be seated close to other people, especially during peak hours, since the restaurant is cramped. They also don't take visa; only debit or cash. Despite that, I would recommend Resto La Banquise if you're looking for great poutine and more for reasonable prices!
2	I was expecting THE BEST POUTINE EVER(!) when I waited in line at 4am (yes, there was a huge line but it went by pretty quickly) and what I got was slightly-better-than-average-but-still-nothing-to-write-home-about poutine. I definitely was not licking the bottom of my plate as I did with my La Belle Province poutine container. I'd go back to this place if I was close-by but definitely wouldn't make the trek just for it. I think people mostly go for the atmosphere.
4	Hang on. Wait... wait... wait... I need another five minutes before I can get up from the table.I almost died IN poutine heaven.Oh so dirty and so damn good!
5	Hot.Dog.Poutine. Yes, you read that right. You were probably thinking, "Hey, how could poutine get any better?" Oh right, add processed meats and BOO-YEAH- party in your mouth. There are so many different kinds so take your time and choose wisely. Oh, and they're open 24 hours!
3	Ah, the famous La Banquise. Home to Montreal's strangely beloved and most overrated poutine. I've tried different varieties of their poutine many times and still don't understand the love it gets. Sure, you can get a bunch of toppings, and yes, it never closes...but is that really enough reason to elevate this place to legendary status?Personally, I find that the fries are always overcooked and cheap tasting, the toppings are abundant but of low quality, and the curds are decent at best. And to be honest, almost every time that I've eaten a poutine there, I felt sick afterward. Yet I would always find myself coming back because of its proximity to my house and my sometimes lowered standards from drunkeness. Some of the other items I've had on the menu, such as the hotdogs, hamburgers and club sandwiches have been pretty good though. This combined with the great atmosphere and solid service at La Banquise, raised up my review to 3-stars. The poutine though? Don't believe the hype. There are many better spots in MTL to indulge your dirty poutine senses.
5	It's REAL hard to get poutine, let alone decent poutine, stateside.  On my first trip to Montreal (first of many, I hope), we made this our first stop.I ordered the BOM.  Bacon, onions, and Merguez sausage.  I could FEEL myself dying.  They should include a free triple bypass with every order.  And yet, one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.
3	I must've picked a busy time too go coz I literally froze my toes off waiting outside. Then I found out u don't need to wait for takeout. Ah...(-_-)zzzPotatoes a bit on the sweet side...Cheese is chewy, not the usual gooey stuff. Loved it.Gravy was...just salty...Nothing too spectacular about it...maybe because I had poutine classique? (large for $9.45) try their fancier choices?Don't expect too much then maybe u won't be as disappointed as me.
4	Love this place! This place offers one the best poutine made in town. Came here quite often, the food never comes bad and they are cheap too. Tried most of the menu and the are all good. Service is a bit inconsistent depending on who's working. Nevertheless its a good spot to hang out and chill with friends or family and enjoy good food.
4	This place was recommended as having the absolute best poutine and it did not disappoint.After a nice walk in the snow we found La Banquise.  It is a 24/7 restaurant specializing in all kinds of poutine variations.The waitress sat us and brought us some beers.  Looking at the menu I was overwhelmed by the different kinds of poutine contained.  Being a fan of hot food though I decided on the Kamikaze.  It was poutine with hot sausage, hot peppers, and tobasco.  The plate was huge, and I ordered a small.  It was delicious though and very filling.Great spot to hit up anytime.
5	In my opinion, La banquise is the best poutine. EVER. I lived across the street from this joint for about three years and it took a toll on my waistline. Three essential components of the poutine are at their best in La Banquise's poutine:- the french fries are wonderful, thickly cut and perfectly between crispy and soft- the gravy is wonderful, not too watery or thick and not too salty. very flavourful- cheese is wonderfuland they have all sorts of different types, my favorite is the chouxx which adds cole slaw to the traditional poutine. DELICIOUS! the two different textures work perfectly together.It's at its busiest after bars close at around 3 am.
4	As soon as I walked in my mouth was already watering and I could smell the deep frying smell from the street. My friends and I learned to take the Metro just to come here as part of our 3 day trip. Each poutine is very rich with gravy and the portion of cheese on each one is very generous. My friend from Montreal suggested that we share as each portion is pretty filling and I was still full after just half a poutine!
3	Ok kids. Lets be honest here - this is NOT the best poutine place in montreal.What is it then? Well it's 24 hours and its a damn good place to come after the bar.The poutine gravy could be better, and hotter. But what is amazing is the sheer choices - meet over meet over meat over veggie (oh yeah, those)The portions are huge.The options are limitless.My favourite is t-rex when i'm hammed. So please do come here, but let's not call it the best poutine in montreal.
3	This was the first place where we tried Montreal's famous poutine. The staff here preferred speaking to me in French which made me rather uncomfortable. My blank stares didn't help :) After a while, I noticed that we weren't the only non-French speakers struggling with our orders.Ok back to my review - this is a cash or debit only place that serves a lot of different variations of poutine. Poutine is basically a plate of fries mixed with cheese curds, gravy & your choice of toppings.We ordered the Poutine Classique (no meat) & Poutine Dan Dan (bacon) from the menu for about $7 each. In short, the portions were large, tasty, salty & greasy.I remember walking out the place satisfied that I'd tasted poutine & will never want to again.Until I found Smokie's Poutinerie that is... I was then a convert for life.
4	Arrived on a Friday night around 3:30 a.m. and waited in line for 30 minutes. The line moves surprisingly quick IMO. The place has poutine with every kind of topping combination imaginable. The portions were extremely large...way too much for me to finish, that's for sure. I ordered the regular size Poutine T-rex (with ground beef, bacon, smoked sausage and pepperoni) and had plenty leftover. So good though after a long night out on the town! Though the place was a bit far out there, there was a small lineup of cabs ready to take us to wherever we needed to go afterward.
5	Poutine at it's absolute best!
4	Good poutine... Great variety of poutine. Nice staff. Lucky that I didn't need to wait.
4	Very good Poutine! Lost of choices, and with very affordable prices! A must if you're visiting Montreal!
2	I'm not sure what all the hype is about. I ordered the poutine "Elvis". It came with mushrooms, ground beef, green peppers and onions. The cheese curds were squeaky, a must for an authentic poutine. However, what let me down was the fries and gravy. The fries weren't crispy and the gravy didn't have a beefy taste to it. If you 'must' come here for the poutine, get the regular size. Portions are humongous!
3	When in Montreal - je mange poutine!It's a tourist attraction, so visit for that if nothing else. I'll review it on more than just it's reputation.First, it's a ways from anywhere. The closest metro stop is a hike away.There will probably be a line. We only waited about 15 minutes lunchtime on a Sunday. When we left the line went around the building.It's not a great deal. The large classic poutine is close to $10. That's a lot for fries, cheese and gravy. I didn't think it was that large either, but maybe it's because I'm used to American sized portions. Prices go up from there. It was good though and there are many varieties. (But I've had better)It's cash only, which we didn't find out until we had consumed a lot of poutine and a bunch of beers
4	So as everyone knows, we all love Saus, right?This place is Saus on steroids. I went here with 3 other people who did not speak any french. It look me several minutes to read through the 30 plus different options of poutine that they offered here. I knew we were in the right spot when there was a line of 12 or so people in front of us. Somehow, the Gods were smiling on us because we got a great booth at the window.As we mange'd on 3 amigos poutine (fries, cheese curds, gravy, 3 different types of sausage); Mexican poutine (fries, cheese curds, gravy, guac, and sour cream); and the tasty original, I wondered how life could get any better. Then out came our server with our beers. These portions were huge, In hindsight, we should have ordered the Canadian size order instead of the American size. As we continued to eat, the line out the door got longer and longer. By 2p when we left, the line was easily 40 deep and the restaurant could probably seat 60 at a time. If you like Saus, you will love Resto La Banquise. BTW, CASH ONLY
4	Sometimes you just want a quick casual bite with no nonsense and this place gets the job done.  I thought the poutine was solid - I really liked the heat on the Kamikaze.  The portions were a bit larger than I expected - I was actually concerned that my order came out wrong because I was certain that the regulars we ordered came out as larges!  After looking around I found that I was mistaken that the huge mound of poutine in front of me was indeed the regular size.  I'd eat here again any day especially after heavy drinking as this would be the ultimate drunk food.
5	One of Montreal's best poutine places. This place offers different varieties of poutine. Opens 24/7, great taste, and reasonable prices. If you're ever in Montreal or if you're a Montrealer who's never been there, you've got to go there. One of the best poutines in town.  "La Petite Vie" is the hottest poutine on the menu, along with many others. Make sure to check it out, share with others and enjoy :)
4	As all the locals say, it's THE place to go anytime during the day, but the BEST after clubbing/bar hopping. There was a half hour wait at 2:30am, which wasn't too bad actually. I think the greasy goodness smell and watching the people eat was the torture. You just want a hand full of poutine in your mouth instantly. I know that sounds gross, but hey, you have to go try it!!We ordered the T-rex Poutine which is loaded with hot dog, sausages, and ground beef along with the cheese and gravy. I suggest sharing if you don't feel too hungry. One plate is a lot of food.
4	In Montreal, I had to try the poutine. After all, the Mexican poutine (AKA carne asada fries) was a staple college food when I lived in San Diego.I ordered the Matty Poutine, which was topped with gravy, curdled cheese, bacon, green peppers, mushrooms, and onion. I did enjoy lying to myself that the vegetables made the poutine a healthier dish. Still, it was very enjoyable, but frankly, I still prefer carne asada fries. I rather have the yellow shoe string fries and cheddar cheese.My family also ordered an omelette Merguez (Merguez sausages, mushrooms, and onions with green salad and wheat toast) and  BLT sandwich on wheat bread with salad. The omelette was very good while the BLT was pretty average.The cups for water were pretty small, but they give you an entire pitcher, so you don't have to keep asking for refills.All in all, the price was great for the portions I received. The service was okay. The waitress wasn't particularly friendly, but she wasn't rude either. However, it took quite a while to flag the waitress down. The decor was very cute and artsy, and generally, the restaurant was pretty clean.
4	La Banquise has an extensive selection of poutine.  There are other things on the menu of course, but you really go here for the poutine.After a night of drinking, this is where Montreal'ers go to get their eat on.  All their poutines are traditional poutines with added ingredients.  The last time I went was with a group of friends, where I had the smoked meat poutine (traditional with smoked meat), my wife had the Elvis (traditional with beef, green peppers, mushrooms), and my friends had the traditional and the Dan Dan (traditional with pepperoni, bacon and onions).  They make a great poutine here!  There are two sizes, and the regular is a meal in itself.  The gravy is tasty, you get a good amount of cheese curds and the fries are better than most.  They typically like a flimsy, moist french fried potato in Quebec, similar to a five guys style...Personally I prefere a crispier fry, especially when adding gravy.  La Banquise makes them pretty good, comparatively speaking to other restaurants in Montreal.
4	If you are in Canada, you have got to try the poutine, if nothing else to say that you have. Everybody raves about it, but don't go thinking it's as worldly as they make it out to be. It's fries, with gravy and cheese. Some spots, like La Banquise, have all kinds of variations. The poutine doesn't get much better and the price is right. Don't bother getting anything else here. The poutine is a meal in itself, and nothing else in this place is worth writing home about.
5	For poutine, this place is the real deal.  They have every combination of poutine you can imagine.  It's open late night so it's perfect for any time or evening.  The portions are huge so prepare to share, or just pig out!
4	La Banquise is Poutine heaven. There must have been literally near 100 different kinds. This was my first time trying poutine so I opted for the classic, nothing but straight up fries, gravy and cheese curd. Sounds like a heartattack waiting to happen, but it's worth the risk. Next time I'm trying the classic with bacon, can't wait.La Banquise was packed when we arrived around midnight, and this was on a rainy day too. Line was out the door but locals and visitors waited patiently for tables to probably what is the best poutine place in Montreal.
5	went there with friends as it was suggested as the best poutine place. and it's TRUE!not only the selection and variety of the poutine is great and the prices are cheap, and the portions are huge but they also have veg sauce as an option for EVERY and EACH poutine they have on the list!!!! how can it get more awesome than that???? the answer is NOHOW=)) hahahahighly recommended if you love poutine as much as I do=)the staff is friendly. the place is open late and they serve alcool too=)oh and a reminder: don't order large poutine portion unless you're extremely hungry! we were two people sharing reg sized poutine and we couldn't finish it.
4	My Canadian friends recommended me to go to this place for good poutine and it did not disappoint! This was my first poutine ever and I'm glad I waited to go to La Banquise. The portions are huge and they have so many variations of poutine that my friends and I all had trouble deciding what to get. We each got our own regular sized poutine and a large original poutine just to try.We tried the Matty, Elvis, T-Rex, and the Mexicaine. All of them had the gravy sauce and the cheese curds which were chewy and delicious. The Matty and Elvis were pretty similiar except one had bacon and the other beef. In my opinion the T-Rex was a meat feast which was too much for me, but if you're a meat lover this is the one to order. If I were to go back I would order the Mexicaine with the tomatoes, guac, and sour cream, just because its refreshing to eat fresh vegetables on such a heavy dish. My only negative point is that they didnt put enough vegetables in their poutine (such as bell pepper or tomatoes in their respective dish). If this is your first poutine, I feel that you don't need to order the original just because all the variations are similar to it, just more meat. If you've never had poutine, this is the place to go!
5	On My 1st trip to Montreal, I was determined to have poutine.  Everywhere I read said this place had the best poutine.  I finally made it here on my last day in Montreal and at 1st was a bit worried by the appearance.  But, when I let the salty, saucy goodness touch my mouth, I was in poutine Heaven.  I still dream about this place.  Definitely grab a seat, get a order and enjoy a beer.
5	Do yourself a favor and make La Banquise a "must-stop" destination during your trip to Montreal.  Located on the plateau, just outside of Parc la Fontaine, Resto La Banquise is *the* place in Montreal to go for poutine.  The wait can be somewhat long in the evening, especially on weekends, but it's worth the wait.I got the Smoked Meat Poutine and a Belle Gueule Pilsner.  If you haven't experienced it yet, the smoked meat in Montreal rivals the pastrami in NYC.  Put it on top of some high quality poutine and you've got two of the best foods Montreal has to offer.When you're done here, signup for a bike tour with Cycle Tours (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/cycle-tours-montreal-montreal#hrid:KVbPoz7i5mYeFl9qBHq9lA/src:self) to burn off the calories...
4	"Wait... you've never had poutine? But you live closer to Montreal than I do!""It's that ice cream thing, right?""Just... just stop."And then we stumbled over to La Banquise, a little Montreal-style diner near a big, beautiful park.At this establishment, poutine is god. Don't let yourself be tempted by other menu items-- definitely not worth it-- and go for the Quebequois staple of crisp, freshly-cut fries, brown gravy, and melted cheese curds. La Banquise does it right with about twenty varieties and a solid base to go on. The fries are crisp enough to stand up against the herbacious turkey (or chicken?) gravy and chewy, gooey mild curds. Add on a melange (is that correct French?) of excellent toppings ranging from sour cream to corn dogs. Our suggestion? Try the Poutine Matty with green peppers, onions cooked 'til soft and translucent, sauteed mushrooms, and crisp bits of bacon.This gluttonous eastern Canadian specialty comes in two sizes-- large and larger. Canadian and American. Petit and grande. Take it as you will.Service is friendly and responsive to special requests but doesn't follow up with things like refills on water. The host stand often ends up unattended and there always seems to be a wait... even at two in the afternoon. This said, for variety, quality, and a very, very solid introduction to this Montreal delicacy, La Banquise is where it's at.And, for god sakes, do not order the omelets. Have your healthy breakfast moment at another time and place.
3	I think la Banquise is a victim of its own popularity.Yes, there is an incredible selection. Yes, the poutine is delicious. Yes, it is great that it is open 24hrs. But all this being said, unless you have a desire to wait in long, long, longggg lineup of rabid tourists, then go somewhere else. I'm also not convinced this is the BEST poutine in Montreal. The most popular, certainly. The most variety, of course. But the all-around best? I'm not so sure. Personally, I have little desire to wait in the requisite lineups to get into this place.
5	I looove this place, and it's not because it's "the best poutine in Quebec" as their slogan claims:I love that1) I have taken 3 people here within two weeks (on 3 different occasions), and they love it.2) I have been here at 3am with a friend, and he loved it. The atmosphere was awesome!3) I have tried half of the poutine dishes on their menu and cannot find my favourite!4) they made corn & poutine so yummy!5) I hate fat foods/grease/high calories/unhealthy foods, yet I don't feel guilty eating here :) it's toooo goooddddSo crowded, washroom is absolutely gross, occasional terrible service..... 5 stars!Yes, my favourite poutine restaurant so far
4	I've never seen so many versions of poutine! If you thought poutine is just fries, gravy and cheese, think again! Whether it's meat (or multiple meats), vegetables or other sauces that you want on it, it can be done at La Banquise. So many choices, once you can get in of course. I've been a few times, and I've waited about 30 minutes each time to get a seat. Even the time I went in at around 1am.For delicious poutine (and I use the term lightly cause there are so many different types), stop by the Banquise, but make sure you have some time.
4	Do yourself a favor and get one of the crazier poutines. I got the classic poutine, thinking that a classic poutine had meat on it. I was wrong. And do yourself a favor -- do not order the large poutine. No one needs that much food.This was a good place. I enjoyed my poutine, the service was good, and the price was totally reasonable.
4	my first visit to montreal - i had to try the classic poutine - i have had fries with gravy - but this was the first time with cheese curds. i was thinking that this was going to be a salty and oily affair but it was pure goodness. the cheese curds actually made it sweet. the fries were cooked just right to soak up the gravy but not so soggy that it was gross.the mystique cider was pretty good as well. service here is fast and efficient. they have other stuff here like hot dogs but a large poutine is way more than enough for two people with lots left over.take care this place is cash only - like many 24 hour type joints. there is a cash machine by the register.
4	Came here for the poutine, had the one topped with onions, green peppers and mushroom.  regular size is enough for 2 if you plan on snacking other food.  Prompt service and non-pushy servers.
5	I was a girl on a mission to try the best poutine in the city. Our friend who was born and raised in the city, took us to La Banquise and I'm so greatful that she did. This place is THE poutine place, with 25 different varieties of poutine to try from, there's something for everyone. We ordered the classic poutine with gravy and cheese curds. It was unbelievable!!!! I FINALLY totally understand why everyone raves about poutine, it's the perfect comfort food!  We tried Poutine about a month ago in Toronto, and it was nothing like this! They offer 2 sizes, regular and large. We split it 4 ways at 1am, but next time I'm there (and I hope I'll be there soon), I'll be ordering a whole plate for myself. xoxo, Poutine lover for life!
4	I never thought I'd like poutine, and I certainly don't want to eat it every day, but this stuff was really good. Get it with some bacon or sausage on top. Excellent for teenage boys.
5	Poutine BOH. Crack. Absolutely the best drunk food I've ever had; fries, spicy Arab Sausage, caramelized onions, cheese curds, gravy and BACON. YES BACON. Montreals an amazing city to get wasted in. There is no drinking age and the cops are more of a friendly professional party patrol than a gang of armed thugs like in the states. Just try to speak French and people will help you. You will not understand Jouale. Do not try. Just go with the flow, hein?
2	My BFF loves pootin.  Oh yes he does.  Fancy or dirty, he'll gobble it up.  So I thought it best I share this thing I heard.  See, there's this rumour, and like all great rumours it stuck.  Whether it be true or not is up to the individual.  Seeing as this is my blog, ergo I am the individual, I am here to call the rumour false.They say La Banquise is one of the best, if not best places for poutine.  That statement is false.  La Banquise serves poutine 24 hours a day.  That statement is true.This diner is a favourite for many, likely because of that, and not because they serve the best.  Their poutine is okay.  There are many, many, many choices, and that in and of itself is great.  You can have poutine with merguez sausage, with smoked meat, with turkey and peas, etc.  Basically, you can get it with a whole lot of something or with nothing at all.  Your choice.After a long day of shopping I wanted a snack so I got myself the Elvis: beef, mushrooms and green peppers. I ate it all, but don't I always.  It was good but Frite Alors is still my favourite.  Nobody messes with me and my frites.
3	We came here after our late night bar crawl and craving a late night snack. The place was absolutely packed with a line out the door but luckily we had a buddy who had connections. We had a party of 9 and walked right past the line to our table. I've had poutine in the past but never seen a place built around the food itself into a menu. I ordered the three amigos poutine and a cheeseburger. I should've just went with the original or not gotten the burger as well. The poutine was overpowered by the topping of meat but for the most part was enjoyable. The poutine was good but nothing special but I think this is one of those places I have to check out more to give a better review.
4	There was a long line that got seated pretty quickly when we went around 9pm on a Saturday night. Got the Poutine Classique- crispy fries with gravy and chewy cheese curds.  It was pretty good, not too salty and I liked the chewiness of the curds!
3	Lost my poutine innocence to this joint. I ordered a smoked meat poutine. The gravy was tasty and just the right amount of saltiness. I don't think the curds were super fresh because there was no squeek action. If the fries were crispy I would have given this place a higher rating but they were limp and pathetic looking but overall the combination of fries, gravy and curds is a winner for me. The smoked meat was a waste of tummy space, it added nothing to the dish. Next time I would go with the classic. The portions are huge. I split a small among three people and we still couldn't finish it.
4	I've been to La Banquise several times and always enjoy it. The servings are huge. I find the regular is a struggle for one person, but the large is a good portion for two people. I like the variety of different poutines. The T-Rex is usually my go to. Plenty of toppings and curds. Yum!
3	We spent literally months of fantasizing about poutine.  Dreaming of what would adorn our french fries once we finally had the opportunity to gorge.  We walked to Banquise from Vieux Montreal.  We were starving.  We told our super-sweet server we wanted what was most popular.  She suggested the T-Rex for my husband (poutine topped with hot dogs, bacon, ground beef, and seemingly every other meat under the sun) and the Taquise for me (basically Mexican nacho toppings sans ground beef).  We stuffed ourselves, all the while pondering whether the flavor legitimated the calorie intake.  Did it?  I'm not so sure.  But I'm glad we tried it.  And I'm glad we tried it here--the mecca of poutine.  The next time we indulge again, we'll prep ourselves with a serious night of drinking beforehand.  We're convinced gravy and cheese curd laden french fries could cure even the worst hangover...
5	first food stop when we came to montreal. when I heard about poutine, I was already in love. gravy and cheese curds on french fries! I was so glad we found out about La Banquise before we got to Montreal. Our flight came in a little after midnight and lucky for us this place is 24/7! already perfect :]The place was packed! but people were constantly coming and going that we didnt have to wait for a table too long, we were seated right away. Our server was extremely nice and very patient. There is every kind of poutine imaginable! If you can think it up, they probably already have it on the menu. We ordered a large T-Rex to share. it was HUGE! Ground beef, bacon, pepperoni, and hot dogs all on top of gravy, cheese curds, and french fries. it was sooo gooood! fatty meaty goodiness. droollllll. and yet we still had leftovers! If you're going late at night, do expect it to a bit loud and there to be a younger drunk crowd probably leaving the bars. Regardless, this is definitely the POUTINE MECCA you should make pilgrimage to!
3	Had to have poutine if in Canada.  My plans got a little messy, so I ended making the trip down to this area after a hockey game at Bell Centre - a day before leaving town.Great type of food to grab after catching a game in the city and country where hockey is equivalent to oxygen.  From Bell Centre, it's about a 10 minute metro to the Mont Royal station, and then a 15 minute or so walk down St. Denis and through Rue Rachel.  There are a few pubs and bars lining St. Denis, and so it's not so vacant or unsafe.  Rue Rachel itself is a bit sparse and has a few alleyways weaved in, but I saw many girls riding their bikes or taking a jog - so I figure, the natives know it's safe enough to do so.  Just try to avoid walking down the side streets.  Stick to St. Denis - because google maps preferred I take a side street.  Google maps does not know that a side-street at 11pm is not ideal for a girl who is a wimp.  Ok, back to the poutine!  I got in, and they seated me right away, although it was quite busy throughout the restaurant.  I believe they advertise it as cash only, but the table next to mine paid by credit or debit card.  Either way, have cash.  The menu is extensive with toppings you can get, and I went with the one where it's like the original but with ground beef and grilled onions added (hey, I wanted some added protein).  When they take your order, you also pay at the table.  Then they will place your order.  I think mine was around $8?  For the small, and although I'm a big eater and was hungry at the time, I was barely able to put a dent into that monstrosity.  They're pretty quick to bring the food.  The fries are dark and crispy, and medium-thickness, and probably not my favorite type of french fry.  The gravy was not anything special.. and was sort of goopy in a jelly-like way.  The cheese curds were very good, but I'm a newbie with cheese curds.  They had a generous portion of large and small chunks.  The ground beef was very tasty and not salty at all.  I picked the cheese curds and the ground beef/onions, and ate some of the fries with ketchup because the gravy was not too flavorful or appealing.  Nice service.. nothing wow and nothing horrible.  I would probably choose a different place to try poutine next time, if only to compare.  It's a must try though, wherever you decide to get it!
4	First trip to Montreal, first time tasting poutine, smoked meat, beaver tail pastry (queues de castor), and sugar pie.My sister & I split a bacon poutine and really loved it, though it nearly put us in a salt coma.  We were also tempted by the one with guacamole, sour cream and tomatoes.It's a crowded, fun place with many visitors snapping photos of their poutines.
3	Had our poutine initiation here. Looked like your typical eatery in the US. Didn't like how we could see many food debris on the floor. Anywhoo....We ordered the original. Just as expected it was a big slob of  fries with curds of cheeseso much excitement..so much disappointment. Fries were too dark for my liking, soft, not crispy. The cheese was not a good complimentMaybe I'm just being a food snob. I like the concept of the dish, but would rather the elements be of better quality. For this place, we should added a meat to the dish to make it acceptable.
3	Had my very first poutine here, yum... Great late night spot.
3	24 Poutine. It had to be done.  I had original poutine, I think thats why I am not blown away. My DCs all had fancier poutines, including one doused in avocado and fresh chopped tomato. Amazing. My classic was ok, but not really salty enough. Or cheesy. But it was good. We went on a Sunday for lunch to meet some friends who already had a table. Thank goodness, the lineup was massive. It was packed. Service was extremely unremarkable. We were squished into a corner.  I expected more. It was cheap however. I'd go again, but get something more fun.
5	The poutine at La Banquise made our whole trip to Montreal worth it. Down to the last bite, the frites maintained a satisfying crunch despite being coated with an unparalleled blend of gravy and cheese curds. (Yes, we're boring, we only tried the original style instead of one of the dozens of other varieties. We're not complaining.)Tip: You can't order booze on the patio.
4	Finally got to go! I don't do long lines so I didn't get to go last time I was out here but this time we waited. I love poutine. Especially with bacon. And that's what we got. I think we got the bacon, hot dog and onion one. We also got a salad because you really should have something green when eating this stuff, and the one with avocado doesn't count.The cheese was a bit squeaky but other than that I will definitely be back to try all the other variations. After all, isn't that why this place is so popular?
4	I'm unfamiliar with the poutine game in Montreal, but coming here, I thoroughly enjoyed my "Elvis" dish (standard poutine with the addition of beef, mushrooms and green peppers). Fries/chips could have been cooked a little more thoroughly and the gravy seemed a bit watery, but it was overall satisfying. Don't dig the hipster vibe of the place, but the service was friendly enough and a nice hot plate of poutine makes those miserably cold days in Quebec all the more bearable.
5	Seriously............poutine.  SO MUCH POUTINE!!!!!!!!!!!!  I pretty much have made a point to eat poutine as much as possible while visiting Canada, and let me just say, this poutine was outstanding.  Admittedly, I feel as if I ordered wrong since the smoked meat looked amazing and was more realistically what I was wanting to have, but I couldn't resist bacon (who can!?).  Granted the service was pretty much crap, but that seemed to be a theme in Montreal, and it didn't take away from the experience.  I think it was most excusable in an over-crowded resto such as La Banquise.   We were lucky to beat the crowds, because within minutes of sitting down, the herds came a'flockin.  I'm really only sorry I didn't eat here twice!!!!!
4	Best poutine in Montreal, opened 24 hours and reasonable pricesWe were looking for an authentic, non-fancy place for poutine in Montreal and this was awesome! We ordered the regular Poutine BOM (Bacon, Onions, Mersquez Sausages)  with Black Pepper sauce, which was perfect for 3 people to share (we had other side dishes too but just could not stomach a whole poutine by ourselves). I'm not sure how other people have 1 poutine to themselves...it's way too salty, rich and 1 dimensional to finish one individually. *shudder*The black pepper sauce was the way to go; not too peppery...just right.  The fries were crunchy and crispy- perfect fries. We were there at Noon on Sunday and it was pretty much empty. We left around 1p and still...no craziness. Not sure when ppl go to brunch in Montreal...but in SF, it'd have been an hour ++ long wait at that time. Lucky us
5	After a day long bike ride, my friend and I figured we should treat ourselves to some poutine. There were so many choices, I really couldn't choose..they all looked VERY good. I finally decided on the hamburger poutine(hefty fries, cheese curds, ground beef, gravy, and caramelized onions) and my friend had the classique which is fries, gravy and cheese curds. OMG! This was the best artery clogging food ever. They give a huge portion that can feed two but I finished it all. La banquise has another fan.Montreal, je t'aime.
5	Let me start off by saying that as a Quebec child (and therefore, a connoisseur of poutine), La Banquise is by far the most delicious Montreal poutine place I've ever eaten at, and if eating and thinking about eating poutine there all day long is wrong, then I don't want to be right. This place is open real late, so if you're looking for a place to clog up your arteries after bars close, then this is the perfect place to go.They only take cash, but no worries, there's an ATM Machine if you don't have any. If you don't have debit though, well, you're pretty screwed. The service is fast, the place is big and clean, and I've never met an unfriendly waitress there. My favorite is the Poutine Frank, which is a poutine with Merguez sausages, but the Poutine Dan Dan (pepperoni, onions, bacon) and the Poutine T-Rex (bacon, pepperoni, ground beef, sausages) are also awesome.If you're visiting Montreal, make sure you check this place out; and if you live there and haven't experienced this place yet- well then, maybe you ought to consider not calling yourself a Montrealer anymore.
4	Had the Poutine Classique while on tour here last year, after being told by almost every Montreal resident to go here for the best poutine. It was very good and the Large portion is more than enough for one person, I'd say it's even enough for 2 people.
5	Oh my God I'm a believer. As a skeptic of all things Canadian from "eh?" to "aboot", I came to Montreal prepared to hate poutine (though secretly feeling intrigued). I was staying at the Hilton Bonaventure and was feeling pretty lazy. No taxi, no one to go eat poutine with, no car, feeling comfy in my hotel bed, etc. However at the recommendation of a friend who had lived in montreal, I dragged myself out of bed, stomach growling, ready to take on the metro and the cold to get myself some food. I was surprised by Montreal on all accounts. The metro was clean and easy to get to, the weather was amazing for a November afternoon, and the poutine...was...one of the best fast food items I have ever had in my life. I got the one with black pepper sauce (a must get!), ground beef, onions, and mushrooms all smothered by a thick coat of gravy. Unhealthy? definitely. Finger-lickin' good? For sure. I finished 3/4 of the plate by myself...pretty impressive if I say so myself...and finished the remaining 1/4 after I got back to the hotel hours later. The black pepper sauce gave the gravy a spicy aftertaste which I loved. I tried regular poutine later and it was such a letdown. If you're in Montreal make a stop here. The poutine will make you fall in love with the city.
5	Best poutine ever.  So good.  I had the poutine with tomatoes, sour cream, and guac and it was amazing. The prices are super reasonable and you can have beer with your poutine!  Because your meal isn't quite the heart attack you were going for, just add alcohol. :)The waitress was nice and despite the line out the door I did not feel rushed at all.  So good.
4	La Banquise is regarded as having one of the best poutine's in Montreal.  My SO and I made the pilgrimage this past weekend on a weekend getaway to Montreal.  At 3pm on a Saturday, this place was packed!  It is nice to know that they are open 24 hours for future Montreal trips.I ordered the smoked meat poutine regular which could have been shared by 2 people.  It was huge but delicious!  The cheese was fresh and chewy, good signs that it is in fact Quebec cheese curds!  My SO ordered the vegetarian poutine and he really enjoyed it.Service was quick and prices were reasonable.  I will definitely be back when I am in Montreal again.
5	very good!the Poutine (pepperoni, bacon and onion) was delish! the cheese was melted wonderfully. the gravy wasnt overly heavy. the fries were really really good too! music was a bit loud but no big deal! the onion was well sauted too! loved it :)This is supposedly one of those "must do" places in Montreal, and I can see why. If I were sending a friend out for food in Montreal, especially on that side of town, I'd send them here!
5	If you've ever lived in Montreal for a reasonable amount of time, you have been to La Banquise. This establishment is the king of Montreal poutine culture, the emperor of the poutine empire, the gladiator that leaves everyone else in the dust!Why, you ask.. Why should such grandiose compliments be bestowed upon this institution? Well:- Poutine has never seen so much variety! Mushrooms, peas, pepperoni, guacamole, you name it, they've got it as an option to put on their poutine. They have the largest and most delicious menu ever, that would get any poutine-lover riled up!- It is open 24 hours!! YES, that means after those great nights out with friends, you can come and feed yourself some poutine!- Their portions are so big they are meant to be shared! Eat yourself silly, guys!! You probably need it after all the partying you were doing prior to stumbling in here.- They serve beer! Beer with poutine!! Thank god someone understands us!La Banquise should not be missed at any costs, its a CLASSIC. If you havent been to La Banquise, please hang your head in shame! And then make plans to go there THIS WEEKEND!30/30!! YA!!!!
5	Best selection of poutine in Montreal. And the best! A small is great for one person unless you are super hungry then go for the large. A hip, funky place with a great wait staff. Wonderful at 2am or any time.
4	Sloppy poutine is best served late, really late, like 3am. Maybe it's because you're too drunk to really gauge the food, maybe it's because you suddenly don't give a hoot about your diet, or maybe it's the electric vibe you get by being surrounded by a room full of poutine craving lunatics. I say it's all 3!!! Long live La Banquise.
4	I can see how La Banquise would be touristy.  It never closes, serves what you want after you stumble out of a bar, and it has been televised on certain travel shows in the US.  But after going several times at 3am, I'm not so sure if it is.  Every time I was in line, I had gotten into conversations with native Montrealers, even sat and ate with, most of whom were surprised to learn that three dudes from Philly made it to this poutine eatery.  I did not meet anyone that wasn't from Montreal while in queue.  It's also kinda out of the way and even a nice local stripper recommended that I should go here.  I forgot her name, but she danced with reading glasses on so I'd assume she was probably wise.Fries, cheese curds, gravy, and a myriad of meat combinations to put you on your ass for the night.  I recommend the T-Rex, topped with hot dogs, bacon, pepperoni and ground beef.  I'd also recommend visiting St. Luc's hospital as well.
5	This was a must stop on my trip to Montreal. I had heard of this restaurant from the travel shows on Food Network and from some friends that had traveled to Montreal.  When we went the restaurant was packed, but eventually after fifteen minutes or so we got a table and ordered. My friend ordered the T-REX and I had the poutine bacon.  This was a great stop for us as we filled up on great poutine and then headed off to do more sightseeing.  A must stop for anyone in Montreal.
4	Poutine is another famous Montreal dish, especially after a heavy night of drinking.  La Banquise is open 24 hours and a perfect way to end a night with friends in the Plateau.  There is usually a ton of people waiting at any given time, but especially later in the night.There are two lines, one for take out and one for sitting in the restaurant.  I usually just get in the to go line.  The wait can be awhile even after you order since the restaurant is so busy.  They have a ton of variations on the poutine and most of the ones I have had are good.  The best I had was one with all the different meats on it, forget the name.But if you find yourself partying in the Plateau stop by La Banquise for your post boozing meal!
4	24 hr poutinery.  I'm not qualified to say if this is 'the best' poutine in Montreal - but I liked my T-Rex poutine - burger, pepperoni, bacon and hot dog.  Seriously, hot dogs are underrated as a condiment.  I like this place.
2	With so many rave reviews, you would think this place would be great outside of the 11pm-4am hammered crowd timeframe, but not so much.Although getting a seat is much easier, this place is not really recommended for just a regular dinner.  Maybe it's because I'm not the biggest "squeaky curds" fan, but no one at the table seemed to be blown away by the various assemblies of fries, gravy and cheese.I have had other poutines that would knock your socks off drunk, sober, or anytime of the day, but this would not be worth it unless you're drunk enough to wait forever in a line to inhale something that will make your hangover a little less painful.
2	Went to Montreal for the day and wanted to seek out the two best things Quebec has to offer (other than beer and hockey) smoked meat sandwiches and poutine.Narrowed down my selections to Schwartz's for a sangy and La Banquise for poutine.After downing the most delectible smoked meat sandwich ever at schwartzs, we headed over the La Banquise to pile some gravy and cheese curds on top of it!Although poutine isn't very complex, I wasn't all that impressed with La Banquise. They have a huge menu, with all kinds of adaptations on traditional poutine, we stuck to the traditional. It was average, but I was a little disappointed after all the reviews I had read. Although I think anything would have been sub par after Schwartz's. Be sure to bring cash if you do have a Canadian credit card (not even my TD Bank (Toronto Dominion) card would work).
4	Another gem of Montreal, but rather this gem is caked with mud. A small restaurant that is steamy, tight, and not so pleasing to the eye. We had a big group in and had a horrible time communicating or even getting up. Washrooms weren't so great and the place was a very loud, humid, and steamy air to it. But in spite of an aesthetic failure, why were people still lining up in the fridge winter air? The poutine here is UNBELIEVABLE!!!! The one of the best foods I have every had and no doubt the best poutine on this planet!  Cheap, heavy, filling, and of course tasty. The T-Rex satisfied me in more ways then one. Definitely a landmark in poutine and Montreal eatery. A must if your in Montreal!!!!
3	Couldn't wait to have poutine on are trip back to Montreal.  Decided to give this place a try based on their appearance on Bizarre Foods, a good place to go with different options of poutine.  their was a line to the door at 10:30pm, our hopes for good food were really high.   I gave this place three stars based on the average of my dish (poutine with chicken) and my husbands (poutine with turkey)  I didn't like the breaded chicken they used for my dish but the turkey was outstanding.
2	COMPLETELY OVERRATEDThe only reason why this spot gets such a good following is because of the 24hour open sign.Poutine should never cost that much, no matter what one puts on it. It's a good place if you feel adventurous, but when you have tasted amazing poutine before, it kinda falls flat.Service is marginal and food taste ok at best.If you're looking for somewhere to eat after a night of clubbing, this might be it...if you're looking for the best poutine ever made, go somewhere else.
2	Being from Toronto, and used to Toronto poutines with melty (usually shredded) cheese, this review may be biased. After a 20 minute wait in the cold, this place is small, nice atmosphere (very upbeat staff), good and fast service. There was something in our water, however they replaced it immediately with a fresh pitcher. The menu was quite vast with variations of dressing a poutine.We all got different flavours, such as a the kamikaze, matty, hotdog, pizza etc. The toppings were all fresh and tasty however, the poutine itself as a whole was fairly disappointing. This could be because of the cheese curds, as they were firm and cold and not soft and gooey-(what we're used to and enjoy) The cheese squeaked in our teeth which is apparently what good cheese on poutine is supposed to be like, however it wasn't our cup of tea. The gravy was good, nice rich, dark gravy, however the fries were mediocre.
3	Might be a bit overrated. Their menu is extensive but I'd stick to their poutines. Since it's a very renowned establishment among locals and tourists alike, there's almost always a lineup outside, and depending on the time of day, it will take a long time to be seated. Then, you'll have to wait until your order is taken, and food is served, which is also a lengthy process.  The positives: very cheap food, good atmosphere, and you can tell people you went to La Banquise. The down side: it takes a long time to get your food, the food is just meh.
3	Seriously people, we all know that Montreal is known for three things: bagels, smoked meat and poutine. Maybe it's also known for its French culture, but that's besides the point. We are talking about food here! People used to tell me, "Look, you don't know what poutine tastes like until you try it in Montreal." My retort was, "Where's Montreal, and what the schnitzel is poutine?" I admit, this was many many moons ago. Since then, I have not only eaten poutine many times (I did go to university after all), but I've also had it in one of Montreal's most famous poutine eateries - La Banquise. On to the bigger question. Does this place live up to its applause? Well, it does and it doesn't. Let's be honest here, ANYTHING tastes good at 2am when you've just had ten drinks. But, in all honesty, the poutine here is a good time. The line out the door, however, is another story. The menu is loooong and all the types of poutine have names like T-Rex, Elvis, and Frank. I usually get the classic poutine (boring, I know) and leave the bacon, green peppers and beef to other meals that I eat. La Banquise also offers up breakfast, but I'm not sure if anyone ever orders it unless it's to ask for eggs benny on a poutine.So, will I return to this famous Montreal house of poutine? Probably. I just need to get a buzz on and eventually convince them to name a poutine after me.
2	Can't say I'm a fan.  Overpriced for mediocre fries.  The cheese wasn't the awesome.  We ordered the Original, three amigos, and kamikaze.  The Kamikaze was probably the best b/c of the banana peppers.  I'm thinking this is all a personal preference b/c the cheese curds were rubbery and kind of gross.
4	I've been here many many many times, and this time, I actually tried something new. It's been a while since my last visit, and my friends from outta town wanted to have this for dinner. I was super surprised to see a Poutine called La Taquise, that had guacamole, sour cream, fresh tomatoes. Part of me was thinking there's no way that goes with gravy, or there must not be gravy... and sure enough there was gravy and cheese curds to go with all that.I went with the thought that if it sucked, they wouldn't put it on the menu.  I am super happy to try it because the guacamole for some reason actually made a poutine taste even awesome-r.
2	I'll start off by saying I'm definitely not an expert when it comes to the "best Poutine in town," I'm just visiting so what do I know.  With that said, it doesn't mean I haven't had my taste of frites, gravy and cheese curds - separately and together as one dish.  All in all, my rating for La Banquise is solely based on to the two dishes my companion and I ordered (Poutine Matty & Kamikaze).  Sure the frites were hot and crispy, the gravy warmed through and the ingredients by itself ok but the cheese curds were less than satisfying and the merguez (unlike any lamb sausage I've ever had and not in a good way).  I was not impressed.  What happened to the squeaky cheese curds I've read about in my reviews?  The ones I had were chunky, dry, hard and not warmed through by the hot gravy or fries.  Sad.  Thank goodness for the down-to-earth envi, local crowd, music and bearable prices.
4	La Banquise is always busy, especially in the whee hours of the night when everyone is looking for some good late night drunchies. It's definitely a Montreal staple and has had a few appearances on the Food Network because of its large selection and creativity with poutine. Despite the massive line ups, don't be intimidated...they move at a pretty good pace and, in my experience, has always been worth the wait. Their Merguez poutine is delicious, get the Kamikaze if you'd like an extra kick of spice due to the added hot peppers and tabasco (it's on my 'to try' list). The T-Rex is quite popular, although I've never had it, which is loaded with a variety of meat. And for my next visit I'd definitely like to try the Taquise, it seems really interesting since it has guacamole, sour cream, and tomatoes. I've heard the combination works well, and I'm eager to find out!
5	Great poutine! They got you covered when it comes to toppings! But you cant go wrong with the classic. What i think makes la banquise standout is the quality of the fries, great taste and texture. Open 24 hours too! Thats a plus if you are out late/early and want some food to cure that hangover
4	Nothing beats walking about montreal during the night and eating poutine. Always worth a visit, although I prefer to stick with the original offerings and never really venture to try out other ones. Great crispy fries with delicious gravy.
4	Poutine! Wow this place is awesome. If you are out partying on the weekend and need your poutine fix, this is the place to go.Be prepared to wait in line though.Going there between 2-4am can be a mistake because the line can get huge.My favourite poutine is the classic.
4	Wandering the streets of Montreal close to midnight looking for this place was an adventure.  The sign is really small.  In our search, we stumbled on a bar run by an artists' collective.  Had some stiff drinks.  So, getting lost was cool.  I like greasy food, so I liked the poutine.  I had the sausage, bacon, onion poutine.  It was pretty good and hit my gut like a rock.  Along with beer, it was a great combo.  Pretty happening at all hours.
4	Considering the number of Americans posting reviews, I was surprised to see that La Banquise was a charming neighborhood spot full of hungry locals, not just food-crazy tourists.  It's a smallish restaurant, and they're certainly economical about their use of space - no corner shall go unused.  Be prepared for a little bit of a squeeze, but everyone's in such a good mood that it doesn't matter.Aside from 20+ varieties of poutine, they also have some diner favorites - burgers, omelettes, and salads.  But if diners' tables are any indication, seems like 90% of the clientele orders the poutine.  Had a tough time deciding between the Poutine Mart (hot dogs, bacon, and mushrooms) and the T-Rex (ground beef, pepperoni, bacon, and hot dogs)...but we were very happy to experience the Jaco (ground beef, onions, mushrooms, and peppercorn sauce) in all its gravy goodness.See if you can snag a seat outdoors.  They can't serve alcohol outdoors, and you might be seated next to a smoker, but it's worth dining al fresco.
4	We have two official languages here in Canada - English and French. Poutine is iconic as hockey is. When you are in Montreal, Quebec how could you not scavenge the city to find the best poutine available? It was part of our bucket list of the trip to taste a true French-Canadian dish of French fries, fresh cheese curds that are smothered with brown gravy and sauce. None of that New York Fries quickie from a food court. It has to be something I would feel dirty just thinking about. Something that could match a 10 piece Church's Chicken late night! La Banquise Resto 24h is open 24/7 - yes, even at those ungodly hours when your drunk or crave a heart attack! In the heart of Plateau District, a little off from the Latin Quarter. This poutine joint is easily accessible by the Metro. Take the train to either Station Sherbrooke or Station Berri-UQAM.La Banquise offers 25 different dangerously delicious poutines. Play it safe with Classic pork larded fries, fresh curds and sauce to the adventurous Superman limits with piles of ground beef, smoked sausages and meats, extra cheese and the works. Poutine Trois Viandesground beef, pepperoni and bacon. Now this hits the spot. This was amazing. I really wanted to try the other variations such as Poutine Kamikaze - merguez sausages, hot peppers, and tabasco...  but really I don't think we could have fitted anymore inside our satisfied tummies.BLT - bacon lettuce tomatoesWho was I kidding when I thought to order something "healthier". I wanted to balance the poutine with some veggies and a side salad. The Sammy was pretty delicious with the juicy fried pork smothered with mayo.Banquise BurgerGround beef patty, mushrooms, fried onions, Swiss cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, spicy sauce on a sesame seed bun. Dave meant business when he asked the waitress to suggest the best tasting burger in house. Not bad. Not bad. Juicy. Sumptuous. Dirty.Better wash it down with some good old Canadian beer that we don't normally get in Vancouver.  St Ambroise Apricot Beer - Ok I lied. I like this apricot wheat ale a lot in addition to the Belgium Fruli (Strawberry beer). Boreale beer - named after Aurora Borealis. The label features a polar bear above the word Boreale. I found it rather bitter. More so than Asahi Black. The restaurant itself may not be the prettiest, but the staff are friendly. You can expect a fast turnover even though there may be a wait. I wish I tried a few more poutine places so I can compare. But we were pretty satisfied. There is no reason to discount this place just because it is busy. I rather see a busy place than an empty place.
3	Best poutine in Canada...ehhh...I don't know.La Banquise does serve up some pretty good poutine, as mentioned in every review you read about this place (I wonder how many of them were based off sober visits...) The main thing you need to know about this place is that they specialize in Canada's National dish, The Poutine. Montreal is known for having some of the best around despite the fact that Quebec seems to want nothing to do with the rest of Canada... But anyways, I found the poutine here to be good but nothing extraordinary. The place is really cool though and the servers are pretty cute.I ordered up the Poutine La Chick. It's the same thing as a classic poutine (cheese curds, bbq sauce, and fries) but with cut up chunks of breaded chicken. I only wanted a regular size because I wasn't too hungry. Unfortunately, (or fortunately) their regular was a whopping plate of food. The fries were decent. They weren't crispy and I imagined that they were made intentionally soft to soak up all the bbq sauce (which by the way is gravy...no bbq sauce looks or tastes like that...) The fries were also a bit oddly sweet. The gravy was thin which I like and it wasn't globby (is that a word?) at all. The cheese curds were little pieces of perfection that melted perfectly onto each forkful of poutine.My Asian parents couldn't bear watching me eat "french fries with gravy", let alone order one themselves. In disgust, they just ordered a chicken club sandwich. It was a HUGE sandwich with all the fixins in a club; bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, huge pieces of chicken. It also came with a side (more like an entree) of fries as well. The poutine here is good, but as good as it is hyped up to be? Simply put no. But if you're ever craving poutine, you might be hard-pressed to find better ones in the area.
2	We came here after a short night of experiencing Montreal nightlife after nearly every single bar was either at capacity or extremely shady looking. Our cabbie even judged us as losers for heading out for Poutine at 1:30am. Shucks. After a quick 10 min wait, we were seated and placed an order for the T-Rex poutine and a couple of beers. The poutine came with sausage, hot dog, bacon, cheese curd, and a gallon of gravy dumped atop french fries. The sad part is that these could have been the worst fries in the world and you wouldn't be able to tell from all that gunk atop of it. I wasn't very impressed...but maybe a few more drinks in me woulda made all the difference!P.S. They have a weird system where you pay after you order, before you receive your dish. Guess serving drunk people forces you to do that!
4	My first ever poutine was a success.  I can't say that this place is the best at making poutine because it's the only place I've ever tried it at.  Nonetheless, all the other places have a lot to live up to.  I ordered the poutine with smoked meat.  If I go again, I will definitely get something other than the smoked meat.  It was like cubed up pieces of deli meat.  It was good but not really what I expected.  The fries were crispy but were also able to soak up the gravy.  I don't love gravy but this was seasoned well and the curds were squeaking away in my mouth.  I finished the entire thing and felt perfectly satisfied.  The portion was just the right size.  It was priced about right and the service was pretty good.  I definitely want to go back for more poutine and I know I'm gonna miss it as soon as I go back to Ohio because it is not something that will be easy to find.
3	i popped in with friends since they had never had the montreal treat and heard about the spot on their bus tour.  when we walked up there was already a line, but it moved quickly and we were seated in 5 minutes.  we had cheeseburgers and shared a classic poutine.  i've had better poutine and maybe i should have steered my friends to some of the more inventive offerings.  i had a great beer with ginger undertones, which i will never forget.  it's nice that it's open 24 hours for that poutine fix.
5	Mmmmmmmm.........poutine. I got back from a vay-cay in Montreal after Memorial Day, and I'm still thinking of sinking my teeth into some damn good poutine from this damn good place, and regretting that I've only been there once. First stop on my next Montreal trip: La Banquise!My traveling companion and I went around lunch, when it wasn't crowded and ordered La Classique, with french fries, cheese curds, and barbecue sauce (which is really gravy) to go. The french fries were soft in certain places, crispy in others, and the sauce? YUM. The cheese was delish, although it didn't go squeak-squeak like another waiter from anther place told me it should. Hmmmm.... should that be my next quest in Montreal: finding poutine with squeaky cheese?Whatever my next quest will be, I'm sure I'll stick a visit to La Banquise in there on my very first day back. Shame they don't have an American branch in NYC.
4	More poutine than anyone should be able to handle. This spot is super intense. The poutine is loaded with so many different toppings, its hard to handle. That being said, its great - the cheese is tasty but not overly rich. The grazy is more of a light bbq sauce, which allows for more consumption. The fries are also very tasty - and if you put it all together, you get success.(we also had a sandwich, which was completely unmemorable)
4	I made a quick trip to Montreal over the weekend, so to get my fill I tried two different within the span of 30 hours. My trip to La Banquise was my second poutine trip, and last meal in Montreal. First of all, it's cash only so if you're not into carrying a lot of money around when you're visiting another country, there's an ATM at the front. I ordered the "La Taquise" with ground beef added and the vegan boyfriend had the vegetarian poutine with peppers and olives. For a regular, you get a heaping mound of golden brown french fries covered in gravy, cheese curds, massive amounts of guac and sour cream (and the bits of beef I added) so there's no need to order anything else. What I should have realized that the cold guac and sour cream would not help your curds melt so for the curds were solid. From what I understand, the best part of poutine is the gooey ooey cheese curds and my previous (classic) poutine was a melty masterpiece. So, I have to admit- the cheese was underwhelming in La Taquise because it's a mild cheese, and they stayed solid so if I had to do it again, I would have gone for the poutine with the hot dog bits. From what I understand, poutine is Canada's equivalent of chili cheese fries so don't worry if you think having poutine with hot dogs is "trashy". The vegan equivalent sans cheese curds has a brown gravy that tastes like marmite- it was pretty delicious, but of course on the salty side. The fries were not a win with the boyfriend though because he thought they were greasy. So if you're not a fan of thick cut, soft greasy fries you might not like poutine. I personally love soft fries! I don't really eat fries at home because I don't like the cardboardy crispy yellow sticks prevalent here (With the atrocious cornstarch batter to keep them crisp. )
4	I don't really like french fries or gravy all that much, but I was visiting Montreal, so eating poutine was a required activity whether I wanted it or not. My friend sent me here promising it would be a good spot for the (in)famous snack.They have a large menu of poutines, and not much of anything else. I had the classic poutine because I figured that was really the only way to see what all the fuss was about. Not gonna lie, it was pretty good! The fries were crispy and the gravy was thin, almost broth-like, which I liked. The cheese curds were good, but I wish there were more of them. I can't help it, I love cheese! Maybe you can order extra cheese?Overall, a good first real Canadian poutine experience. I can't say I'll be craving the stuff but if you're a poutine fan or just curious then La Banquise is a good starting point!
5	I love the place, but it is always crowded.The good thing is they have English menu. I love poutine. It does not look good, but it tastes great. The poutine I got was the one with all meet. I cannot remember the name, but it is awesome!!!!. If you go to Montreal, YOU MUST STOP HERE AND EAT !!!.5 starts for a great and awesome place !!!
2	Good selection of different poutines but otherwise nothing special.  Fries weren't the greatest and couldn't taste the pepper sauce.  Plus is that it's open 24h for those times when you got the munchies post bar hopping.
5	i never knew what poutine was before, but now i know. And its pure goodness.
5	Love, love, love this place!  Whenever I drop by Montreal I need to top by so that I enjoy a steamed hotdog and a pontine as always I'm never deceived ;)
5	This place is amazing. Not very crowded on a Thursday afternoon as I found. Great atmosphere.I enjoyed a Cidre Mystique while I eagerly awaited my poutine. I ordered La Taquise. A Mexican poutine? What?On a small plate that held so much more than what you'd think, comes my poutine. Covered in dollops of guacamole, sour cream, and diced tomatoes, it's a "Frenchcanexican" treat. Dipping the oil-brown 'frites' in the sour cream proved to be my favourite bit. The Cidre Mystique paired surprisingly well with it, followed by a quick swig of water.I'm a mechanical, gastro-adventurer, so I eat in a certain process in order to satisfy my taste buds the most. So as follows: poutine, cider, water, repeat! Your dish will warm you, your cider will excite you, and your water will cleanse you for another go.They've got a great selection of music here, too. At one point, you hear Johnny Cash, then Daft Punk, then hardcore rap? I don't know how they made it all work, but they really did!Not even half of my regular sized portion is gone and I'm already full, so I don't suggest getting a large unless you're sharing with a friend. They've got two large columns of different poutine that you can choose from. Additional sauces are available if they don't originally come with your choice of poutine.If you're foreign and eating here, don't make the same mistake I did; La Banquise does not accept credit, nor foreign debit. If you have Canadian debit, you're fine. I ended up having to come up with the idea of giving the waitress my driver's license as a sort of promise that I'd be back in a jiff after going to an ATM to withdrawl Canadian dollars (they accept USD, but I preferred CAD). Banque Laurentienne has ATMs that will accept any card, withdraw CAD, and they only charge 2$ as with any ATM. The waitress was very understanding and didn't make me feel like a bumbling fool.La Banquise is a very nice place to go if you're wanting to take a little time to yourself in the afternoon and indulge in wonderful, cheese-curd-covered goodness.
3	Had better, had worse.The food anyway, the service was excellant for being a late night and filled to capacity. I don't know if it was the type of poutine I got, but Ijust couldn't eat it without feeling nauseated. The fries are oddly sweet, which if you like sweet fries is good; they stay crisp even when covered in gravy! Although I did not particularily care for my meal, for the price and service it wasn't a bad deal, I would probably return to try something else.
4	Now THIS is what poutine is all about!This place has quite possibly every tasty variation of poutine imaginable. They offer about 30 different kinds, with toppings ranging from healthy stuff such as green peas, mushrooms, and guac, to the wonderfully heart-clogging meats like pepperoni, hot dogs, and bacon. And obviously, gravy and cheese curds are a given.We ordered La Mart, which had hot dogs, bacon, and mushrooms. So simple, but so good, especially on a cold winter day. It really is the quintessential comfort food, and I don't think you could go wrong with any of the poutines here. We also tried a burger here which was pretty good. If I lived in Montreal, I think I would be coming here at all hours of the day and night (it's open 24/7, which is awesome!). The wait can be long; we waited about 15-20 minutes on a weekend afternoon, between normal lunch and dinner hours. But be patient... it's worth it!!
4	Awesome place to go for Poutine. Eat in or Take out! There's a nice park down the street where you can take your poutine and have a picnic by the lake. I'm from Vancouver where poutine is simply cheese curd and gravy on fries. When I came to Quebec, the birthplace of Poutine, I had to try what has been immortalized into French-Canadian pop culture.They have a long list of different kinds of toppings.  You can choose ones with beef, chicken, bacon, hot dog wiener, or even vegetarian.  The presentation would not win any awards for "plating", but then this is a comfort food, and what more comforting than your favourite topping on fries.We had La Bacon, La Taquies (sour cream, tomatoes and guacamole) and the Special of the day (Turkey with onions).  Our favourite was La Bacon.So good, So filling, So worth the visit.
4	Add our names to the list of "We came here strictly for the poutine & were not disappointed."  We order a large "La Taquies" (sour cream, tomatoes, guacamole) & a small straight-up vegetarian poutine.  Both with veggie gravy.La Taquies was delicious but I'm also glad we got the classic version as well.  The guacamole was more of an avocado spread but I know cilantro isn't for everyone so its probably better for the masses.They achieved what I thought to be the perfect ratio of cheese curds to gravy to fries.There's a split right after the door to separate people ordering take-out from those waiting for a table.  FYI: they don't have a liquor license for their patio but you'll be fine - get drunk off how amazing your meal is.
3	I had the smoked meat poutine here. This is more of a cold weather dish for me or I would order it again if I haven't eaten all day. Come here if you are hungry, also, its open 24/7.
3	Great atmosphere, pretty good service, ok food.It is such a cute place but the food took forever. Our server was very nice and checked in on our table several times but the kitchen was so slow. The food was fine, my sandwich was a little cold but it was still tasty. Everyone seemed to be having a great time, and it seemed like a pretty popular place because when we left the line was out the door. It was definitely cute but I'm not sure I would return if I visit the  area again.
3	Well, drats.  This was just about the last thing I did on a recent trip to Montreal and my expectations were so high.  I'm sure it would have been great as late night drunk food but as a highly anticipated last meal in Montreal, it disappointed.  I have only had poutine once, in Vancouver, which I thought was delicious.  I found La Banquise to be kind of bland.We had the Classique of course and also ordered The Elvis (with ground beef, mushrooms, and peppers) because hey, it's Elvis week!  The fries were too bland and soggy for my taste, the cheese curds didn't have much flavor (and were not squeaky--were they supposed to be squeaky?) and the gravy was a bit thin.  The Elvis was better because it had additional toppings but again the ground beef wasn't that flavorful either.  So...meh.Very curious how the other top places would have tasted.  I did really enjoy the pouding chomeur though!!
4	*3.5* starsWe actually drove into Montreal on the way back to Toronto from Quebec City to try this poutine.  I ordered the standard (regular size) and my DC ordered one with a lot of meat (sausage, ground beef, and possibly some other meat) ~ with gravy and cheese curds of course.  Both were good, not sure that it was worth fighting Montreal traffic for (so I'm hoping this is not the "best" poutine in Montreal).  Having tried several over the last few days, I'd say that it wasn't...but not bad for a diner and there were lots of options for toppings.  It was definitely good, but not amazing.  And we did have it to go, so it's possible that some of the ambience was lost.PS - they only accept Cash or Debit.  So be prepared!
4	Great place near a beautiful park space. I came here based on other yelp reviews. My friends and I wanted to try the best poutine in Montreal and I have to say it did not quite live up to expectation. Yes, they had a huge selection of poutine. But the fries were a little on the sweet side. Not quite sweet potato fries but sort of in between, which I think didnt complement the gravy and other salty toppings. I asked the server if it was a montreal poutine thing but it was apparently only a resto banquise thing. Either way it was strange. I got the "3 amigos" poutine which comes with three kinds of hotdogs and they gave a generous portion of all toppings. I was impressed by how busy they were even on a Monday afternoon, so people must really love it.
4	Meal: Late-night poutineRationale: I got the feeling that my visit to Montreal wouldn't be complete without poutine from the late-night experts. After taking an unnecessarily long nap the afternoon we arrived, we found the sun had set and our appetites had risen. It was time for La Banquise.Food: Poutine, of course. Vegetarian-flavour. My boyfriend was unimpressed. I, however, tend toward xenocentrism and was exhilarated. Actually, it tasted like fries with gravy and squeaky cheese curds, as I imagine it should be. It was the baseline. I can offer neither praise nor condemnation. I can say that I'd happily vacuum it up if I was drunk in the middle of the night. I imagine that's one of La Banquise's major demographics. Service/atmosphere: La Banquise is a madhouse. The fact that I speak almost no French did not help the case. There were empty tables, empty-but-not-yet-bussed tables, and a line of people waiting to be seated. That's a surplus at the same time as a shortage. Does not compute. We were seated and then immediately asked to change to a different table. I could not hear anything. They spoke to me in French and I tried to speak French back and I sounded/looked like a fool. I think they switched to English but it was still so loud! I was sleepy and anxious and hungry and almost had a nervous breakdown. We were asked to prepay, which I didn't understand. I guess people dine-and-dash a lot when they're drunk and the service staff don't know what's goign on. They had rules. It had to be cash or a Canadian debit card. Pas d'exception! It was almost like a bad fever-dream. But it tasted okay, and half of it was due to my ignorance of Conclusion: Eh. I'd go back if I had a craving, spoke more French, and was at least a couple pints in.
5	For our last stop in Montreal, both in this long-winding post and literally, I couldn't leave the city without trying the poutine and although we'd just eaten a filling breakfast at L'Avenue we made our way to La Banquise - what better than cheese curds, fresh frites, and gravy at 9am...or any time, 24/364?While many in The States may not even be aware of what poutine is, the staple Montreal comfort food has apparently been around since the 1950's and featured prominently on most menus in the city in one way or another ($2 at Burger King, or $23 at APdC) I was told by no less than 5 people that La Banquise was where to get it - in one of no less than 30 varieties.  A seemingly small place from the outside but much larger within I found the restaurant without difficulty and entering the doors was greeted by a small line as the open prep kitchen stood to the right with seating on the left.  Given a few moments to make my selection from a menu on the wall or laminate version for dining in I was greeted in English and after placing the order plus a few minutes preparation time I emerged to the street with a Styrofoam clamshell of Poutine Classique.Clocking in at $6.25 for what seemed to be about 6 pounds of food my first bite of the poutine more or less confirmed my thoughts about what good, classic gravy, fries, and cheese would taste like and while not as upscaled or refined other versions I'd tried in the past the words "comfort food" rang through with aplomb.  Rich, starchy, salty, and at times crisp while at others silky the gravy was simple yet perfectly seasoned with plenty savory and a touch of sweet while the cheese curds were presented squeaky fresh yet slightly melted from the heat of the crisp, yet somewhat oily fries.  A food no less comforting than mac n' cheese or spaghetti and meatballs this was one Montreal icon I could definitely embrace and with 30 options I'd gladly return on future visits...perhaps for a "real" breakfast, as they serve that (with a side dish of poutine) as well.
2	First time having poutine here and it was only ok.  Even for a first-timer, I noticed how the fries were soggy and cooked in old oil.  The gravy barely had flavor and it's listed as BBQ sauce when it's just chicken gravy.  Maybe it's a Quebecois thing.  $8 so not really a bargain and the plate's not even that big.The older woman with short hair was bitchy.  Asked her about the Banquise burger to make sure it's with meat and she gave a smart reply of  "It's a burger, of course there's meat."  Really?  Don't they have veggie burgers?  Besides, on the menu, it only lists vegetables under it, whereas other burgers clearly stated it's a double meat patty, blah blah blah.I don't think I'd return here.  Frite Alors was SOOOOOOOOOO much better in all areas.
4	Fries were crunchy and hot, not soggy at all. Delicious gravy and generous portions. Definitely a place to return to!
4	This was my first time ever having poutine, it was AMAZING AND DELICIOUS! I got the original since that would be the best for a first time, the portion was massive for just being small and when seeing the large portion that would of just put me in massive food coma. I would of loved to order so many to go so I could take it back home. The prices are great, the service is great and the place atmosphere was fun. I will defiantly come back here again!
5	Awesome! This is the best place for Poutine! I had Le Kamikazi It really was awesome, the Elvis is great too. Also, this place is 24 hours! NOTE: They ONLY take Canadian Debit and Cash
4	This place takes its poutine seriously. I've gone here repeatedly now, because it's really close to Parc La Fontaine - it's so easy to grab a poutine and head to the park to eat it. I have never seen so many varieties of poutine, and they are very filling, very tasty and very messy. Also, pretty affordable!My favourites are La Elvis (mmmm mushrooms and beef) and La Taquise (MMMM a huge glob of sour cream and two heaping globs of guacamole). If you're looking for fat, this is the place to find it. Every once in a while, a good helping of grease is good for the soul. The helpings are ample and the hip servers and cooks make it a cool place to go. I loved going on a Friday night, when the music was blasting and the cooks were all singing away at the tops of their lungs, obviously having a really good time doing their jobs. I like positive energy being put into my food. The wait is not long at all for take-out, and even less of a wait if you're eating in-restaurant. They have a big indoor section and a small outdoor patio. Great for all ages, and always open.
3	Cheap beers, open late. What more can you ask for? This place is an establishment and it is a pretty solid one at that.I must say though, service was pretty gruff. Their poutine is awesome, can't really disagree with that, but you have to be into that to like this place. I recommend this place if you are super drunk and are craving deep fried super salty, fatty food.
4	The Classic poutine is definitely a must-have!Very tasty and a cool outdoor patio in the back. Would definitely go back!
4	Wow, death by poutine! No kidding. There's only starch and fat to be had here and it's so darn good you won't care. We came for a late lunch and there was a short line but we got a seat within 20 mins. I had a small order of the T-Rex which had sausage, hot dog, ground beef, and bacon. Oh yea! And my friend had bacon, green peppers and mushrooms on hers. Both were really good and I can't believe I actually finished my plate! Of course, the local brews helped wash them down. :)
5	Typically, while I hate to admit it, I eat like a bird. PIcking here and there and going back for more later if I feel like it, getting full easily. But when my boyfriend saw me eating the poutine from La Banquise, he said he had never seen such a beautiful sight.... maybe those weren't his exact words..... but whatever the poutine is killer and I ate more then him and that says a lot right there.
2	Love that they serve the only veggie poutine in the city! Hate the service!  The staff rushed us out when it wasn't crowded and they were the only rude people we encountered in Montreal.
5	Was in Montreal, thus had to have Poutine.  Looked on yelp for some help.   This place was recommended.  Got here for lunch...place was hopping.  So many choices for poutine.  Was torn with the classic or trying something new.  Decided to try La Jaco.  Prices were decent for the portion size.  Extremely happy with my choice.  Gotta come back and try something else.
4	Oh Banquise...Just like Saint-Viateur for bagels and Schwartz's for Smoked Meat, La Banquise has become the go-to place to get a real Montreal poutine. This place has attained a legendary status in people's collective imagination.Locals rave about it to their friends with great pride. Tourists take pictures of themselves eating poutine and proudly post it as their profile picture. Horribly catchy songs are sung about La Banquise and its poutine (http://youtu.be/Gz89dO1F7fs). Bouncers guard the front door, letting the nighttime crowd in one at a time. La Banquise has become nothing short of a phenomenon. I've heard people say that the poutine here is not the best they've ever had. I agree with them, it's not. Personally, the best poutine I've ever had was at a greasy spoon nowhere near Montreal. What La Banquise does well is offer a wide variety of poutines, tailoring the taste of this already unhealthy dish. Bacon? Merguez? Hot Peppers? You can order the poutine of your dreams here! Given the fact that the classic poutine is still really good, the wide variety of poutines that are available is simply the icing on the cake. Whether you're eating alone or with friends, whether you're dead sober or super tipsy, whether you're on a diet or you're someone who doesn't care, it's always nice to have a poutine here once in a while.
4	You're either a poutine lover or hater, right?  After about a dozen visits to Montreal, I finally had to satisfy my curiosity.  Everyone pointed me to La Banquise for the best poutine in the city.  And I'm sure they're right. I'm not the only one using a $1,000 camera to take photos of a pile of soggy french fries with cheese curds.OK, poutine. Lost on me.  Soggy french fries? Yuck.  Then again, I'm not much into gravy.  Now the cheese curds on the other hand... loved it.  But cheese fries are hardly novel.  But usually it's melted cheddar.  I ate about 1/2 the small plate... the bottom half of the fries were just a soggy mush.Service was great... environment was nice.  Be sure to take a stroll around the park across the street to burn off some of those (insane) calories!
5	Hands down the best pouting you'll ever eat! They've got over 30 varieties of poutines, as well as other types of food. They've got poutine for all tastes, Mexican, Italian, meat lovers, and many more... A must try at least once!
4	Poutine: Great when it is fresh, absolutely disgusting looking and heavy after a 20 minute bike ride back to your house.I came here to top off my 24 hour tour of Montreal before heading back home to NYC on the Amtrak Adirondack (an experience best left untried, in my opinion.) I decided I could not leave Montreal without tasting Poutine. So after getting a bit lost on my Bixi bike I finally ended up at la Banquise at about 10pm on a Sunday night. As expected, it was fairly packed, and I did have to wait about 30 minutes between getting there and actually being able to tuck in to my poutine.I have to say that most poutine places in NYC do not get the cheese curds right. They are usually an afterthought and sometimes they just kind of chuck them in from a prep bowl that sits out all day (I'm looking at you, Pommes Frites in St. Mark's Place). This place does. But you cannot avoid what happens to them if you let them get cold.So, it was AWESOME... until I got full. I decided to burn some calories off by biking back to the hostel but by then the whole thing was a congealed mess. I ended up having to chuck it, having no one else to pawn it off on.Moral of the story. Eat excellent poutine here and make sure you eat it on site. Do not take it to go!!!
4	Nice place. Loud but nice and good food.
5	I really wanted to have poutine bcoz I heard from people that poutine in montreal is the best. Here we are!! I could say I love it!! YUMMY! We took subway and walked there. I didn't disappointed even a little! Service was great. They kept checking us some time. It was crowded, so popular though it was not close to subway.If I come to montreal again, I would go back there!!
4	Great poutine for sure! The gravy was fantastic, and the cheese curds were very tasty. The fries tasted well-cooked and fresh as well. We would still need to try more (I mean, there are a lot of different types of poutine on the menu), but so far this was the best poutine that we have had in Montreal.
5	This place is amazing. I mean, you really can't go wrong with a place that serves poutine 24/7. The staff are definitely friendly (once they acknowledge you - see my last comment below) - maybe more so once they realized I didn't speak francais and thus was clearly a tourist. This was my second time to Montreal and I'm glad I did a little more research on Poutine (thanks, yelp!). My first time, albeit good, was certainly not the best considering I probably ate at a tourist trap.I had a small "La Jaco" and it was enough to send me into food coma by the time I got back to my hotel. La Jaco = Ground Beef, Onions, Mushrooms, Cheese Curds (of course), French Fries (well, obviously!) all drenched in a black pepper sauce. Excuse me one moment while I wipe the drool off my face while typing this........and i'm back.Seriously - why are you still reading this? You should be on your way there already!My only real beef was that I was kept waiting at the front for almost 5 minutes even though there were plenty of tables and several waitstaff who clearly saw me yet didn't even say hello.
3	I love the idea of this restaurant, however, my stomach hates it with a passion. Every time I've been here, I've been excited to try something new. However, the nauseating feeling I have upon departure is all too familiar from the time before. The fries are amazing, but seriously, something needs to be done about the copious amounts of oil in those things....Just writing this review is making me queasy....ugh.
5	Amazing!Get the the taco or hawaiian (sometimes it's not on the menu).
3	I've been to Banquise a dozen times over the last 3 years. I use to think it was the best vegetarian poutine in Montreal but, after trying many others, it's hard to keep thinking that.Yea, it's pretty darn good but there's something about their sauce that will make you feel sick after eating it. I don't know what it is, maybe it's MSG in the sauce, the overly sweet taste or just the fat levels being so high. For a lack of better words, It really doesn't taste "clean". It's a bit like eating Cheetos: it tastes great but you know it's really bad for you and that you'll regret it later. And just like those neon orange munchies-satisfiers you just won't be able to stop shoveling Banquise's poutine down your throat because it really is addicting... like crack.While I'd never associate poutine with "health food" - who am I kidding, it is what it is right - there are plenty of options in Montreal for poutine that are much healthier and won't make you suspicious of what ingredients are in the sauce.Anyway......I better stop writing there because the more I write about Banquise's poutine, the more I crave for it. Ugh. I can hear voices in my head, one is clearly drooling while pushing me to go back for more pleasure - and regret - and the other is screaming: "No! Don't do it! You know it's baaaaaad for you!"And clearly, because I rated Banquise 3 stars and not 2, the former has registered a win... yet again.To enjoy, in very small doses.
5	My first time enjoying poutine, this place was recommended by the barista, a bar tender, 4 students and some random strangers.  They are open 24 hours.They did not mislead us.  I tried the La Dan Dan, frites, curds, grilled onions, pepperoni and bacon.  My friends got the original, no meat, and the T-Rex, which had bacon, sausage and pepperoni.We all got the small size, which was really more than enough for one person.  You could share it, but we decided to approach it like a cross country run, by pacing our selves.  Only one of us managed to clean the plate.We all decided that all of it was very good, however to fully appreciate poutine in all its glory, we should have waited till maybe 3 a.m. after coming from a night of bar hopping.  We left, happy, blissed out and very full.
5	Welcome to Montreal, home of the poutine. Of course we had to try only the best poutine place in town, La Banquise.This was my second time in this place, the first being back in March. I tried the traditional the first time (pure awesomeness), but this time I wanted to add some toppings, so I tried to B-O-M. Yummy.The portions are big even for a small (regular) size, I barely finished it (but took me a good 40-45 minutes to do so), and my friends who ordered a large barely finished half of it.When I'm here in Ontario I'll get my Smoke's Poutinerie fix, but it's honestly not even close compared to La Banquise. Cream of the crop right here.
2	The line-up late in the day was over an hour and the staff seemed unorganized.
4	This place was very crowded on a Friday night but it was clear this is the spot to visit in town for poutine.  After all, it has received numerous reviews claiming it has the best poutine in town.  The wait to get seated was probably about twenty minutes or so.  The doorway area serves as both an entry and exit conduit and is very narrow.  People are squeezing to get in and out.   When finally seated, the atmosphere is exactly what you would expect a college type hangout to be, full of mostly young folks but they also had large tables for families.The portions are generous and it was definitely a challenge to finish the entire regular sized plate - I ordered the "La Frank" which was poutine with the Merguez sausage.  The food was delivered pretty quickly and having never had poutine before, I dived in.  Overall impressions - the fries were of all shapes and sizes, but were very tasty.  Its just my preference, but I didn't really care for the cheese curds - it is just like chewy tasteless cheese.  I could have probably also done without the sausage (again, having never tried Merguez) but it reminded me of a slim jim.It took a while to get the bill - the folks sitting to either side of us ate and were gone within 15-20 minutes of sitting down, and we sat for another 15 minutes before anyone came by to clear the table, and even then we had to ask for the bill despite the place being packed and a line running out of the front door.Overall, I think this is a great place for a visitor in town to experience Montreal and its poutine, although I think I'm all poutine'd out after one go at it.
4	i've never tried poutine before, and I'm glad I let my virgin experience be taken by the best poutine place in Montreal, its signature dish. Resto La Banquise is set up somewhat like a fast-casual restaurant: you can order your food to go, or you can sit down in relatively cramped quarters and have your food served to you in a jiffy. I got a combo meal that involved a burger and a classic poutine. I would highly highly recommend not getting anything else but the poutine. The burger buns tasted strongly of popcorn, like artificial butter was slathered onto it, and the burger itself was dry and bland.The poutine, however, was the real star of the show. The fries had a great crisp-to-fluff ratio, and had more crisp since the fries were cut shorter and skinnier than say, Pommes Frites in NYC. I wasn't a fan of the curd cheese, but I think I'm just personally averse to the texture of it. The gravy was quite delicious, though. The entire dish was well-composed of different textures and flavors, and if I ever visited Montreal again, Resto La Banquise will certainly be one of my pitstops.
5	This place has the best poutine in Montreal. A local friend of mine brought me here and it was the most mindmelting experience of my life. We got the ground beef and sausage poutines and I have to say that I have never had poutine as good as what I've had here. The environment is nice and I'd definitely suggest bringing any visitors to the city here.
4	I can't believe I stood in line for 1 hour waiting for french fries. That's what I kept thinking when I stood in line. But I felt a bit better when I realized everyone around me spoke French, meaning they were most likely locals. At least I didn't stand in line at a tourist trap. When I finally got in, it was 9pm and I was starving. Ordered a La Matty and washed it down with a St. Ambroise. Not bad for my first encounter with poutine, but I couldn't finish it because the portion was too big (and I thought I have a healthy appetite for a girl). Better go with a bunch of friends who can keep you entertained in the line and share your food.
4	Came to Montreal, saw a few friends, and had one friend with me who'd never had poutine before.  The friends who lived in Montreal suggested we go to La Banquise, said it was some of the best.  So five of us went; had a great booth by the window.  Line-up but moved quickly (I assume, we go lost along the way and met up with them once they were already inside).By far the Petite Vie was the best (steak, onion, corn).  So delicious, great portion size.  Good drink options.  Overall best poutine I've ever had.
4	This was my first time here when I visited Montreal for the weekend. We went on a Friday afternoon and had to wait about 1/2 hour before getting a table.I got Le Petite Vie - poutine with ground beef, onions and corn. It was soooo good. The fries were deep fried perfectly - perfect combo of fluffy and crispy. There was a generous amount of cheese curds and the gravy was yummy. As other yelpers have mentioned, the food makes you feel pretty gross after because it's so greasy. But I don't think poutine should be any other way. Definitely will be returning the next time I'm in the city!
3	After waiting for an hour and a half on line to get into la banquise after the festival of lights, I can say it was only half worth it. It was freezing cold outside and the line was crazy long. The poutine wasn't even that good it  was decent at best. They do have a lot of options though and that was good. They are also open 24 hours a day so that is why we decided to go here.
4	Don't embarrass yourself by getting anything else. Poutine. That's it.We made the mistake by order a burger and a side of poutine to share. *gasp Locals avert their eyes and you have tourist written all over you without even saying a word.Every single table, each person ordered poutine. The menu has over 20 to choose from!It's quite a huge order for 1 person to tackle. Man up and don't share. It's worth the weight gain and the trouble breathing afterwards.
4	Question 1. How the hell do people in Montreal stay as thin and svelte as they do with places like Resto La Banquise perpetually having a line?Question 2: How the hell can you have a menu with only about 25 different types of poutine and a few hot dog and hamburger options and perpetually have a line?Question 3: Why hasn't the poutine crazed infested NYC (I know it has been tried in the LES but, really, that's it?).Questions I pondered after waiting in line in the freezing Montreal winter cold for 25 minutes, being cramped at a table for 2 and eating 2 small orders of poutine: one, the classique, the other, the smoked meat with pepper sauce.Surrounded by Quebecoise families (all skinny and French speaking may I add) and tourists alike, this poutinnerie has been deemed best poutine in Montreal. Hmmmm. I wouldn't say that. But, it was solidly good and there is definitely a poutine wow factor with the amazing long list of varieties from Mexican Poutine topped with guac and sour cream to the pizza topped with pepperoni, mushrooms and peppers.I preferred the classique version over the smoked meat and pepper sauce version though having the combo was definitely a smart move. Too much of the same taste would have been old and definitely not worth the calories. The smoked meat however wasn't filled with flavor and was a bit of a let down.In and out in like 30 minutes filled to the brim with delicious gravy covered fries with cheese curds = 4 stars. Worth the wait for the poutine? Hmm, I don't think so. Worth the wait for the tourist factor and feeling part of the local scene and being able to say you've dined here to locals? Yep.
5	Fantastic poutine! We got the classic and the gravy had tons of delicious flavor and the cheese curds were very tasty too. My wife and I split a large which was huge.Don't bother getting the chicken sandwich. It's was basically a McChicken for 4x the price.Make the effort to try the poutine and if looking to be adventurous try one of there many variations.
3	Ok, I am sure that the fact that I am not a big fan of poutine reflect the rating I am giving here. I must admit that the place is quite something... I mean, I wouldn't tough that I would wait in line for 20 minutes at 1:30 am (that's right, in the night) to get into a place that serves a snack bar menu. Granted, the place have become somewhat of an institution like Schwartz's and plenty of the bar crowd comes here for a late snack. However, the difference is that I like smoked meat and not so much poutine (It was my first in like 30 years!).The poutine itself (I took the one with pepper sauce) was fine but not spectacular compared to some I had in the "bois-franc" region (birth place of poutine) in the 70s.A worthwhile experience but not one I will redo anytime soon.
5	Long lineup but amazing poutine! The taco poutine was excellent and the serving size monstrous. Worth the wait and taxi ride there, definitely a highlight of Montreal for me.
4	Vegetarian poutine HERE!Just has to get that out, seeing as it's harder to find the stuff than I thought. Resto La Banquise really took me back to these whole-in-the-wall artsy, with just the right amount of punky, funky style of the college town I grew up in. We super lucked out and walked in just before the line filled out to the door and down the block. They have packed every possible space in this place with a seat. Little did I know this place was a total institution in Montreal.I got the vegetarian poutine with hot peppers (not too hot) and mushrooms, a small (which by anyone else's standards is a large)... and I'm so, so glad that I did, because I probably would have stuffed my face with the large if it was sitting in front of me. I've never met a gravy and cheese curds on french fries I didn't like, so this was no different. I must come back for more topping combos!
4	Poutines at their best!
4	This place had the best poutine we had in Montreal.  Crisp, potatoey fries, rich brown gravy, and gooey melted cheese curds.  And, if the traditional poutine isn't for you, they had an entire menu of various inventive takes on this delicious dish.  Around lunchtime, there was a huge line around the corner, so we waited until late afternoon and got in with only a short wait.  Recommended, but go hungry!
2	All the poutine here tasted more or less the same regardless of which toppings you get, mostly because the fries that often make or break a poutine plate, were really boring and really sucked.Despite the friendly service, La Banquise is a big fat tourist trap. I should've known when I was squished in line among a bunch of exuberant americans.
5	Get your snobby nose out of the air-- this is some GREAT poutine. Yeah there's always a line and you might be squished in that little entrance for awhile, but it's worth it. SO worth it. Like, still-dreaming-about-the-poutine-three-days-later worth it.We had the classique and the italienne (with meat sauce instead of gravy)... both were delicious and the best I had during our trip (unofficially dubbed The Great Beer and Poutine Tour of 2013).
4	When in Rome is what poutine is here in Quebec and Montreal especially. I found this place while watching Uncle Anthony on The Layover. This place is legit if you want poutine and different variations of it.The wait and line sometimes varies, but if you go after the clubs get out, you an expect a line down the block. We actually went in the morning right before our trek back to Buffalo..We didn't try the original but we opted for ones that I thought I might like and were more my taste buds. We got three plates total and we didn't even finish the ones we got ourselves, it was ALOT of food! Honestly most of it tasted the same because of the fries and gravy are all the same and the topping is what makes it different. The gravy and grease from the fries sometimes over power the toppings you had but you know your in for a good taste when you feel your arteries start to clog. Also the service was amazing and very friendly!I will for sure be coming back to this place when im in Montreal again.
4	La Banquise is known as the place to get that "real Montreal poutine". My friends took me here when I used to visit and now that I live here I bring my out-of-town friends when they tell me to give them the real poutine stuff. It's a mouthparty and has vegetarian poutine to boot. Good luck choosing from the tonnes of topping options, they all sound delicious, but I recommend keeping it simple. Cheese + gravy + fries. That's all you really need. The rest is just fluff... tasty fluff, but still."Keep it simple, stupid" should be a poutine rule... I just made it a rule.It's 24 hrs and almost always busy here, so there may be a bit of a wait for a table but you can always order take-away if you're impatient. I'd avoid going for that 2AM late night fix on weekends after drinking and dancing... unless you like lining up out the door and in the street waiting to get in, surrounded by drunk young'uns and woo-girls like at that bar you just left because you felt old... no? that's just me? ok, nevermind.I mean, I love poutine, but is it really worth all that? (that was a trick question because it clearly is, since I suffered through it once, whilst gibbled, just to get my hands on some... and lived to tell the tale.)Service is quick and efficient, slightly rushed even if they are really slammed, and the portions are huge at fair prices. I can barely finish their "small" serving. The only downside for me is location; it's out of the way unless you live in the Plateau area.Regardless, you should give it a go at least once... especially if you're visiting. Get some good poutine in your mouthole.
2	The Banquise is a good introduction place for the Poutine, but once you become an addict, this place soon get boring. There are better poutine places with more original recipes. But, one point to them: if you search for a 24h fast food spot on the Plateau Mont-Royal, this is the place to go to fill out your cravings for greasy food!
4	Best poutine in Montreal.... so many choices :))) miam miam
5	Beer and a butt-load of poutine. I'm not going to act like a poutine connoisseur, I live in Canada, I eat poutine- not regularly but whenever I want, La Banquise is the shit. You go, if you're lucky the line isn't too long, have a beer or two with your small or large poutine. I really like the B.O.M. because I really like Bacon, Onion and Mushrooms. Simple.
4	YAY poutine! I got the classic poutine to go. It was really fast service. Noticed that you don't get as much for the to go boxes compared to if I had dined in. But nevertheless, delicious! Wish there were more cheese!
2	Maybe we tried this place on a bad day or something but we came, we saw, and we were disappointed. We split an order of the la classique poutine and it wasn't awful but it certainly didn't live up to the expectations based on all the reviews. Honestly, I've made better at home and I'm not even Canadian.
4	For my first trip to Montreal and my first time trying poutine, this had to be the place for me to go. Read alot of reviews both here and else where, and despite the haters that come out to bash popular spots, my gf and I made our way here from downtown on a saturday afternoon. It was packed, but a table for two only required a wait of a few minutes.Friendly people up front and also our waitress. We both ordered La Classique for our first poutine and were not disappointed. While I have to admit it was exactly what I expected, it was quite good and filling for a lunch meal. Would definitely be back on my next trip to Montreal.
5	After a club or a late night, my friend introduced me to this kick ass restaurant. Honestly you have to try this place, it fills you up and the poutines are delicious! If you are a die hard poutine fan like me, Try it... its self explanatory!
3	THE place to try in Montreal for a touristy taste of poutine. 25+ different types on the menu. Very busy all year round with locals and tourists alike. Yes, there are better poutines out there but there's only one La banquise. So do try it and make your own opinion of it. You'll like it or you won't but at least it'll be a 'check' on your list of things-to-try-in-Montreal!
4	After a hearty late evening of drinking at Le Lab, my friends and I wandered over to La Banquise, which we had walked by earlier and had known was where there was some good poutine being served. Even at 3 AM, there was a pretty solid line out the door to get in - which gives you an idea of how much the inhabitants of Montreal either like their poutine or like La Banquise. We were probably in line for around 20-25 minutes before we got seated, but after that, it's very much a speedy journey until you get your poutine, as the servers are running around frenetically trying to serve and move people out as quickly as they can. You pay for your bill before the food arrives (in case you should be too inebriated to remember to pay), and the food comes out quickly - which, for this kind of joint, you can't ask really any more of.As for the poutine itself, I've only had it once before in Toronto, but this was definitely better stuff. You really can choose from a whole bunch of different kinds; in the end, we got one of the vegetarian ones (I believe it was the with guacamole and sour cream), as two with meat (La Jaco and one of the others with spicy sausage in it). The meat ones were really all about the savory greasiness of meat mixed in with french fries and cheese curd, which adds an interesting texture (if a taste that I'm not terribly good at recalling) to the dish. La Jaco really does a good job with the mushroom goodness, which adds a nice distinct flavor and depth to the greasy sauce that you'll be dipping your bites in. I really liked the vegetarian one, though - it's extremely fatty, but I don't think there's another occasion I'd take to eat sour cream. It pretty much tastes like a taco without the meat, but it's really hearty nonetheless.You can pretty much show up here anytime, as I think it's a 24-hour restaurant, but if you walk by in the evening, you'll definitely see how popular it is. Don't expect incredible service or even necessarily great quarters (we sat at a table that fit 4 but ended up having all 6 of us), but you're here to get your grub on. Probably a must-see if you're insistent on trying some truly local cuisine...and you can take out if you really don't feel like waiting.
3	This was our second stop for poutine on a week long food vakay in Montreal. It was good, and I wish I had more room to stuff my face. It would have been perfect If I had been walking around all day and was slightly drunk and ready to fill up my tank, but I wasn't empty enough for that. Classic savory poutine. Can't go wrong. AND it's a cross the street from a police station and a park, so there's plenty of safe lounging to do afterwards.
4	Guilty and pleasure at the same time. Frequent consumption not advised. La Banquise is the de facto place for poutine in Montreal. In fact, you could almost consider it a tourist attraction! It is known for its 24hr service of delicious but gluttonous fries topped with gravy, cheese curds, and other toppings of your choosing.The best time to visit this jolly spot is after a crazy night out, at around 3 or 4 in the morning (when everyone is hammered beyond repair). But beware, you'll probably have to wait in line for about 30 minutes before you get a seat.
4	Had to try out their poutine after seeing all the line up outside the restaurant and all the positive reviews on yelp. The poutine did not disappoint. We got the Le Miam - poutine fries topped with ground meet, merguez sausage, onion and tomatoes...delish!! The portions are massive so stick to the smaller portion unless you're starving :)
4	This restaurant was very nice looking. The decor was fun and interesting. It was pretty packed, but still not too crowded nor too loud. My boyfriend and I shared 2 different poutines and while one was great, the other was just okay.  The first poutine, with merguez sausage, was very good and the ingredients really complemented each other. The second poutine with chicken and pepper sauce was not as good. I found the peppersauce to taste like a boxed mix.
2	Tried this because it was recommended by Andrew Zimmerman for the Poutine varieties. Didn't find it as good as advertised.  The fries were soggy, the portions small compared to another place we tried and the ingredients bland. Poutineville was another place we tried for poutine. This place was great. The fries there were crispy and ingredients were tasty. I would recommend Poutineville instead if you would like to try Poutine. Good varieties and choices as well.
4	Oh god, still thinking about this gives me the sweats.  We ordered three different kinds so we could properly sample the selection, and the taco poutine, which was the special the night we were there, was awesome.  This isn't classic poutine at it's finest--this is load-up-the-toppings-and-feed-the-drunkards kind of poutine.  (That might just be the best kind.)  The place offers a ridiculous selection of poutine with a ridiculous selection of toppings (four different kinds of meat? guacamole? corn dogs? why not?).  Well worth the lineup.
4	The go-to spot for poutine in Montreal, it seems. There's a reason they have the reputation. On a cold day, or when staving off the effects of overindulgence at one of the many local pubs, what could be better than a plate of fries with cheese curds, brown gravy, and whatever meat or veg you want with it? I don't recommend getting the large platter; the standard is sufficient, unless you're planning to hibernate. The service and the space are great here, too.
5	Les poutines sont excellentes!!!!
5	There is no better poutine in the entire world. I'm certain of it. This poutine is so delicious that it even tastes good the next day, cold. Actually though.. that's quite a feat and they should be proud.
4	you've been drinking for a while.  not too much, or you'd be on the floor in a back alley.  "i need to eat something that i can carry with me while i walk back to the hostel," you think to yourself out loud.  you wonder why people are looking at you, but by then the hunger has set in.  "poutine!!!" you yell.  now people are scared.  but that's their fault.this place is popular.  there was pretty much a bouncer at the door to separate people that were ordering take-out and those who wanted a table.  it felt like i could have been at some place called club curd or disco gravy.after a 15 (maybe 20) minute wait i ordered the standard poutine, small.  i've only had poutine one other time, somewhere in vancouver.  at first i thought it wasn't that good because there were not enough cheese curds.  then i realized that it's sort of portioned off so that you can mix the sauce and the curds into a glorious heap of unhealthy goodness.i took a break from walking along a street named after a saint so that i could eat it.  i agree with another reviewer that poutine is not for everyone.  if you are only into crispy fries, you may not like it.  but give it a try.  i'm only rating the place based on the poutine.  it has the feel of a late night diner that needs a bouncer because of the popularity of the food.  maybe they have crispy fries inside?  i know they have burgers on the menu.adieu.
5	First time to Montreal , first poutine experience.  That's what it is- an experience.we went on a Sunday for lunch this past weekend. Friends recommended this place as they had been there before.   It was packed, there was a line. they dont take reservations. it a great lunch/late night place.  not your fancy dinner type of place. DO NOT MISS IT. I got the Greek Poutine... it was amazing. it was like a greek salad with fries and gravy. I was hesitant as i just couldnt imagine how it could even taste good- but somehow- IT DOES!!!   i love the fact that they serve soda, right in the can, but with a straw! This just tickled me pink!
5	Great choices of poutine.We have had the original and the vegeterian, the vegetarian is so savory and good that you want to have more.
4	The poutine options are plentiful and the line is worth the wait! The gravy wasn't my favorite(I had the vegetarian) but the meal itself was very filling. It's certainly high cholesterol on a plate but who cares! Treat yourself and eat up!
5	Amazing poutine!
4	Oh wow .... so this is Poutine! I don't even like greasy food, but this is great! Had the original... cheese curd and also the beef/tomato/onions.... the size is gigantic! An oval plate piles with at least 2-3 high of fries and its toppings... I prefer the beef/tomato/onions better but that's probably b/c I am not a fan of cheese...Good thing this place is across the street from the fire department ... (though I think their restaurant bio states that this place was opened by a firefighter...lol)
3	3.5 starsNot willing to say it's the best poutine in Montreal but its very good. Many poutine options to pick from but I went with the classic. Two sizes but the regular is big enough for most. Fries are on the greasier side with dark gravy and lot's of big cheese curds.A true poutine connoisseur knows the cheese curds should be at least partially melted if the gravy is hot enough. Unfortunately this was not the case on my visit - the gravy was luke warm at best, and the cheese curds cold.It should be noted that they have a kick ass beer selection - La fin du Monde, Cheval Blanc and multiple selections each from Boreale, Belle Gueule and St. Ambroise.They now ask you to pay your bill before they bring you the food. This is a little odd but I imagine they get their share of drunk folks sneaking out without paying.PS - it's 24 hours - perfect for Montreal since the bars only close at 3am.BK
5	There is very little need for a review of this restaurant. Come early and be ready to wait in line. The lines form quickly and if its cold or raining outside, dress warm and bring an umbrella. Believe me, it's worth the wait. Great staff and they do accept US currency, just not US debit or credit cards. As for as the food, there's not much I can say except look at all the pictures everyone posted. They taste as fantastic as they look.
4	LISTEN.  You DO NOT need to order a sandwich with your poutine.  Your poutine will be huge.  You will look like a pig.  You will not be able to order all the food that comes to your table.Great poutine.  Burger and sandwiches were disappointing (but face it, nobody comes here for anything but poutine).Many, many, many options.  What you choose is up to you, I don't see how any of them can be a wrong choice.  Went with a vegetarian and surprisingly, the vegetarian gravy option was really good, possibly even better than the standard gravy.Fun spot, expect a line, though!
2	This place is really a meh. I walked all the way from downtown because I heard it's the best poutine. It was very average, and the fries are not even hand cut, they are normal fries that you can get at any take out at 3am. For a place that only serves poutine and has been doing so from 1969 (or somewhere around that time) I'd expect better. It's barely give anything under 5 stars but, this place is really not that great. It's just hype, also the line outside will make you think it's great, but it's not.
5	If you want to try poutine, you must come here. Endless options....gravy covered, cheese smothered, goodness. Ranging from spicy, to mild, to endless combinations (such as Mexican, or with bacon and Creme fresh and the list goes on). You come here and wait to be seated, once you do, they take your ordered and bring your meal. This is a must try to truly experience the goodness of poutine.
3	About as good as Poutine gets however... Service is reasonable. Prices - fair. Selection - great. Burgers (yes, burgers) - very good.
3	This was my first Montreal poutine experience and it didn't disappoint! Resto La Banquise was at the top of my "best poutine in Montreal" searches, so I was a little worried that it was simply an institution and was rated accordingly. We went on a Friday afternoon just after the lunch rush and were seated immediately. The server and hostess were very friendly and graciously communicated in our mixture of English and French. Another women (perhaps a manager), also checked on us once and made sure everything was good, so five stars for the service.We tried two of the regular sized poutine plates and had two Quebec beers. The "La Bacon" was rich and hearty with a generous portion of bacon. The "Poivree" was also excellent. We stuck with the traditional cheese curds on both. The amount of sauce on each was inconsistent (much less on the pepper than the bacon), but that was OK and gave us a chance to decide how much sauce we liked. The fries were crispy and well done.The IPA and the Hefeweizen were fairly bland, but were nice with the poutine.Since this was my first poutine experience, I don't really have a great frame of reference; Resto didn't overwhelm me with flavor, but it was a lively atmosphere, great service, and tasty food.
3	First time ever trying Poutine as this is a must try in Montreal.  Tried Resto La Banquise because of the ratings on Poutine.Two of us give it a 4 star, and two gives it a 3 star.  We did not need to wait in line for a table.  The waitress was very friendly.  We did not receive the correct Poutine ordered, but the waitress fixed it immediately.  The gravy was just luke warm, but we really have no comparison as this was our first ever dish of Poutine.  We split a burger which was good, but it is a very small portion, although it is not very pricey.So between the 4 of us for the first time Poutine eating, it probably rates a 3-1/2 star.
4	Realizing that we never had poutine in Montreal despite being here before, I decided to check yelp to find a place that will represent french canadian poutine well, Resto La Banquise came out on top. It was raining cats and dogs on Saturday, but my hubs and I biked here anyways and arrive pretty soaked at about 11am. The place was full but we got seated pretty quickly.There were other diner type foods on the menu like sandwiches, but we really only came for the poutine, and judging by what the other tables have ordered, others came for the same thing. We got La Danse and L'Obelix, which was a chicken with bacon and onions poutine and a smoked meat poutine respectively. The  regular size was quite large and definitely more than enough for one. The La Danse poutine came with a lighter gravy than the L'Obelix poutine, we preferred the darker gravy. The poutines came with lots of topping and cheese curds, and was dripping with gravy. The fries had a home fries taste and texture to them. Overall, we like it but wished that the cheese curds were more melted and that the whole dish came out hotter, it was warmish hot and not pipping hot.When we left around noonish, there was a line to the door for seats, so I guess we got lucky and avoided the huge rush. Overall, I would return to try other poutine dishes here, there were lots of options and you can customize your poutine with whatever topping you want. I probably would not wait in a huge long line in the rain as some other folks were doing for the poutine though.
4	I have a love-hate relationship with this place.  I love fries.  Their fries are really good.  I really like poutine.  They have a great variety of toppings, along with the traditional cheese curds and gravy.  I just don't want to eat a heaping plate of the stuff.  It tastes so good but the guilt kicks in at a certain point.  I wish they served a mini portion.
4	Well, the line was long but we were in the door and seated in their deafeningly loud dining room in 15 minutes flat. We watched all the tables around us turn over (people were seated, ordered, served, ate, paid and left) before complaining that our order had not yet been served after 30 minutes waiting. We didn't get the impression that our waitress even noticed, and she responded with an excuse about our order being complex (a salad, a regular poutine and a poutine with guacamole and sour cream on top). When we tasted the food our jaws dropped. Wow this was an impressive poutine. Definitely worth the wait. Their gravy is excellent, the guacamole was even above average and the salad was fresh. The only complaint about the food was that the curds weren't melted so there was something wrong with the temp. Perhaps our order sat unnoticed in the kitchen? Who knows. So if it weren't for the tepid curds and service, this would have 5 stars.
4	The poutine here is some of the best in Montreal.  Open 24 hours the place is usually packed so there can sometimes be a wait for a table but it is worth it.  They have a vast selection of poutines to try so you can go for the traditional one (gravy and cheese curds only) or mix it up.  I'd suggest getting the small serving if you've never been before because usually it is more than enough to fill you up.
4	This place makes me want to go back and detract stars from other places where I've had poutine (but I'm a nice person, so I won't do that.) BUT the poutine here really put others to shame. They have LOTS of options, you are certain to find one that suits your fancy. I had one with guacamole and tomatoes and honestly could have had a large size instead of the regular. The hot dogs also looked awesome although I didn't try one. I can't wait until our next trip to Montreal so I can try out a different poutine concoction! This place is known for a reason, and you shouldn't be skeptical...go go go!
4	My boyfriend and I were staying at a hotel about 5 minutes away from La Banquise. Everytime we walked past - day or night - a long line of people would be snaking it's way from the door and spilling out onto the street. An investigation was in order. We got in line and took the time to look around and find out what we could about the place. The answer? Poutine, poutine, poutine. When we were finally seated, a menu with an impossibly long list of poutine variations was set before us. We ordered the classic and pizza poutines along with some local beer. The food arrived quickly and our poutine fest began. Fries drenched in gravy and topped with melting cheese curds... yum. The pizza poutine (classic poutine + green pepper + mushrooms + pepperoni) was good although I think I liked the classic better. There is already a lot going on with poutine, adding to it is unnecessary if you ask me. All in all I really enjoyed our meal.
4	Everyone said I had to try poutine when in Canada, and I was so happy to stumble upon La Banquise with their option of vegetarian sauce (thanks to Yelp!). After planning a day of walking around the neighborhood, we made our way over to La Banquise. I had no idea where we were going except for the little map I had in my bag, but I could tell we were in the right spot when I saw a line going three buildings down from the entrance.Is this going to be worth it? Will the line move fast? Neither one of us were particularly hungry so we figured we could afford to wait. Not knowing the tourist:local ratio, it still seemed like it must be a good place to go if the crowd was so big just for dinner. The line moved quickly, and I think we were sitting at our table within 20 minutes of getting there.They tease you by bringing out other peoples' orders first (you know, in the order in which they were taken), so you get to see/smell all the deliciousness before you have your own dish in front of you. Beau ordered the classic, I ordered the vegetarian with peppers and onions. Holy crap. It was heaven on a plate. So yes, the line moved fast, and yes, it was worth the wait. We both could only eat about half of our dishes (both ordered regular size), but were able to grab the leftovers for our hotel fridge.Would definitely recommend!
5	Perfect!!! Friendly service, busy and on the ball. The food is fresh, fast and made in house. Very affordable...go with the trio deals section of the menu.  Cheese curds were squeeky fresh!
3	I didn't think the food was that great.  But, I had the Classique', the regular, I didn't go for a fancy poutine, because it was my first poutine.  Maybe the others are better.  I also did not like the fact that I couldn't sit outside because I wanted to drink alcohol.  So I sat inside.  The service and price makes it worth the trip.
4	Thank god I don't live in Montreal because this would be my after-party go-to! Came here after bar hopping and got the "La Matty". Was not disappointed! It was disco fry deliciousness!! One plate served my boyfriend and I and we left happy. I did end up leaving a shopping bag behind (rookie move) and it was nowhere to be found the next day. Ah, the joys of after-hours.
3	T. rex was all different types of sausages. Not too much of a fan of this item, maybe because what we ordered. They need to give more gravy here.
5	The best poutine I've had so far in Montreal. The atmosphere is great too. I'm surprised they can handle the amount of people that come here. As usual poutine portions are large, so you can probably split one between two people. They do have a vege poutine for those of you who are vegetarian/have someone in your party who is.
5	This place was rated the #1 poutine spot by many source online, so we gave it a try for lunch. At first, we were moderately grossed out by the sheer amount of poutine per portion. Thinking we would simply be overstuffed with grease/cheese, we ended up ordering 2 poutines to share for the table and then individual entrees. Boy was that a mistake! The poutines were delicious and despite our very delicious entrees, we were craving more poutine! One downside is that this place is incredibly busy, and if you come when you're hungry, the wait time will feel like an eternity, especially when you're constantly surrounded by the aromas of gravy and fries!
5	GREAT!, love it, best the prices,
4	Pros:Bacon poutine is amazing. Bravo! 5 stars!Cons:It's a very long line for tourists on touristy days!Poutine with guacamole was bland: the avacado didn't have any taste and had a gritty texture.So if you order right (and there are a lot of options), it's great!
4	It's a hugely popular poutine place in Montreal. Lots of energy. Line ups were long. Even takeouts required 10 mins+ wait. So do your homework and figure out what you want before ordering is a smarter way.I ordered a regular sized classic poutine (without meat) for takeout as the wait for dine-in was too long. It's a big portion, so don't order large size if you're not super hungry. I loved its piping hot gravy over fries, but wished the cheese curds were layered inside the pile of fries so they could be more gooey (cheese curds were a bit too cold) Don't get me wrong, they were still delicious regardless. Next time I should try the meat choices (TONS OF CHOICES TOO). Heard they were even better. It's not expensive either. Open 24 hours.I'm hungry now, LOL.3.5 stars
3	I had incredibly slow service and never got checked on by the waitresses until I asked about my order after waiting about 30 minutes. At least 5 other bigger parties that arrived after me got their orders first and only after I asked about my order did it come out about 5 min later. I ordered the regular classic so it's the most simple one. Not a big deal but it was a little offputting. The poutine itself was quite the experience. While the fries and gravy were delicious, I've learned that I can't handle that many cheese curds...I'm glad to say that I tried it though!
5	I ordered poutine (mushroom, onion, chicken) and really good!   Just warn you all to prepare for long lines!   I came to this place with my friends at like 5pm, it was few people.   But after 7pm, long line!   Highly recommended!
4	I really enjoyed this place while in Montreal. I visited once in the beginning and just before leaving, and both times were excellent. I have heard that everyone has a different opinion of the best poutine, but I think that is because there are different aspects of the poutine experience to like.I would say La Banquise excels in variety. Their menu is extensive - I tried the 3 Amigos and La Kamikaze. Both were awesome. The service was quick and the servers were polite. The location is right by Parc du Fontaine, which is nice to chill at after such a filling meal.
5	This is THE place for poutine in Montreal.  Poutine is the ultimate drunk food.   Not for the health concious, but when in Rome...I just had to try some.
4	Stop #2 on my poutine crawl in Montreal.Bacon, pepperoni and onions poutine. Regular size.  It was quite good.  The flavors worked together very well.  Service was very friendly but it took soooo looooonnnnggg to get my poutine.  It seriously took about 25 minutes for it to get there and I was starving.  Once it came, I attacked it like a dingo at a day care center.   It was maybe just a tad heavy on the onions, and I love onions.Other than that, it was a nice meal.  The place was super busy (it was between 1 and 2 in the afternoon) and the people just kept coming in.   This place knows its poutine so I can heartily recommend it.
2	There was a line out the door and about a 20 minute wait in the freezing cold Montreal winter just for take out!Lines often signify quality and I wanted to try poutine for the first time, so I waited. I ordered the vegetarian poutine and didn't enjoy it, but poutine may not be my thing. I found that they used too much gravy, causing the dish to be sloppy and its fries soggy. I did, however, like the flavor of the cheese curds and I will say two of my friends enjoyed the dish quite a bit.
4	All I remembered I was hungry?All I remembered I ate some poutine with meat inside?All I remembered I was happy?All I remembered I didn't line up or went inside because I needed fresh air?I now finally have a taste of the poutine at Resto La Banquise!All I remembered it was quite a walk back to the metro station.....All I remembered I had something to drink?Why my photos all blurry?
3	On our way here I accidentally ran a red light on Avenue du Parc la Fontaine. I realized halfway through and freaked out, stopped, but then realized I should just pull through. An old French man watching all of this unfold pointed straight at me with his index finger I swear he was performing the cruciatus curse.Walking into the restaurant I was still a little bit shaken and wasn't really sure if I could properly enjoy my meal with the thought of that man judging/hexing me for my honest mistake. But most of my apprehension melted away when the three plates of poutine we ordered hit the table. Out of the three types that we picked (the original, one with pepperoni and ham, and one with beef and peppercorn sauce) I definitely preferred the original. The flavors and the textures quite simply worked better here than in the rest. In general, I think the entire experience could have been improved if the fries were hotter and crispier, the gravy had more flavor, and the water had ice in it. The lasting impression was that La Banquise seems like one of those places that started out as an awesome local joint but eventually devolved into an average touristy trap. But I was happy to get some poutine while in Montreal and by the end of the meal I wasn't thinking about that scary old man at all.
4	French fries topped with gravy and cheese curds. This simplistic yet classic dish that is a favorite of late night drinkers and partygoers originated in rural Quebec. La Banquise is arguably the mecca of this classic Quebecois dish and offers variations on it with countless toppings as far as the reasonable mind can think.  It's not uncommon to find lines well outside the door, especially late at night on weekends.  Though the carb/fat heavy nutritional composition of this dish is not what I would personally go for these days, it's an obligatory stop for anyone visiting Montreal - whether you've had poutine before or not.  There simply isn't a place where you'll find poutine of the sophisticated variety that you find at La Banquise.
4	Do yourself a favor and walk there, so as to begin to burn off the many delicious calories you're about to consume. I ordered the poutine with bacon- and that made a good thing even better. Prepare for a wait though- even on a Sunday night at 9 and with just 2 people, we waited about 30 minutes before we could sit down.
4	I did some research before selectively picking a poutine shop, and this place hit the spot. Very popular with tourists and locals, so it's all good. I love the endless variety and the touch of humor that they have to the restaurant. It's really laid back and casual, which is what I wanted after walking around the whole day. It's also situated in a very relaxing neighborhood.Just go in hungry and expect what poutine should taste like. Don't expect too much and keep an open mind! I really liked the L'Obelix. Would definitely order it again!
3	What did a trip to the highly praised La Banquise teach me and my whole family? ...We don't like poutine.I'm sure there's nothing wrong with the poutine at La Banquise, it's just so hearty and gooey and cheesy. Wait, that sounds good, right? Well, it wasn't for us.Mother was under the impression that her poutine was going to come with very little gravy and a lot of oxtail - see, that is what happens when your only experience with poutine is a fusion interpretation of it.The bf is a fake-poutine lover. Every time we're in Canada, he pleads to go eat poutine. But even he didn't really care for it this time.
2	I hate poutine.  So this may not be a fair review.  This was our first stop in Montreal, as a "must-do."  I don't dislike must-do lists in general, unless they include things like poutine.Artless.  Soggy.  Flavorless (unless you count grease and salt).  All quantity and zero quality.  I tried to keep an open mind, but I thought I might throw up anyway when the "small" orders of poutine were put in front of us.I did like the creme fraiche delicated speckled throughout my poutine, which otherwise had heavy bouts of some kind of processed meat in it.  I like my fries crispy!  I like texture in my food.  I do not want my food to taste or look like the way all food ends up in my stomach -- half digested.And cheese curds - what the hell are cheese curds?  The droppings of other dairy products as they go through their processing factory?  Are they collected, packaged, and sold as cheese curds?  Yes, dairy-product-poop masquerading as an edible treat, the perfect crap to top your pile of crap with.  Is it possible to have taste-blindness -- or does everyone assume they are the unfortunate few who have it for cheese curds?  Do we now enjoy densely-packed calories tasting of nothing?  Models eat tissue paper to stay full, you know.  There's another option.This is turning into a rant against poutine so I will stop discussing that here.  I did walk away with a nice stomachache despite eating 1/4th of my small plate.   There's a nice mosaic mirror thing when you first walk in.  It's pretty.PS. If any Montreal residents are offended by this, please feel free to come to NYC and crap on our lox bagels, pizzas, hot dogs, reuben sandwiches, Halal carts, or anything else we are "known" for.  I really would not mind.
4	I've been here twice- once for take out and once dining on the back patio. If you like Poutine or want to try Poutine for the first time this is a good option as there are so many varieties plus its open 24hrs. Downside is that it is also super busy and you often have to wait for a table.I've had a couple of different varieties-one with 3 different kinds of meat and one with 2 meats and some green peppers and onions. Both were tasty and filling but like with most experiences with Poutine it can end up being a bit sickening by the end and Poutine is never eaten for its looks usually anyway. It is a fairly reasonably priced meal though at about $10 you get more for the same price if you eat in then if you takeout but I found the takeout serving size was a bit more achievable.  If there is a long wait and the takeout line is short I recommend taking it to eat in Parc Lafontaine and you can watch the duckies.Overall, a nice but somewhat sickening meal but if the line was around the corner I would probably go somewhere else unless its your first poutine experience.
5	Late night / early morning poutine with friends after clubbing is a decidedly Monreal-established tradition.  Phenomenal drunk food served fast and pretty much unbeatable at that time of morning!  I wish I had access to this place 365 days per year but my fat ass is thankful I don't.
3	I ordered an original poutine from this famous 24-hour poutinerie and wasn't blown away. The curds were terrific but the gravy wasn't very flavourful and the fries were middle-of-the-road. Just my opinion. The other famous place I heard about is Poutineville (didn't get a chance to try it) in case you're planning a poutine tour of Montreal.
2	Meh, I've had many many many better poutines than this. This place is in the list of top restaurants on Yelp, but I guarantee that it's because a bunch of tourists have written about it. Locals don't come away from La Banquise going "that was a great poutine" - it just doesn't happen.This place has a wide selection of ingredients to make your poutine with, but really there's only three you NEED in a fantastic poutine: fries, cheese curds, and gravy. Everything else is a gimmick. If you really really feel the need to 'choose your own adventure' go to one of the Poutineville restaurants - I've had much better food and service at their restaurants than here.On top of it all, there's often a big queue to get in to this place, and in case you didn't read the rest of my review; It's just not worth it.
3	So, I've never had poutine before. I've also never been to Canada until my husband and I finally decided to spend a few days in Montreal together (his second visit, and yes he's at least had poutine). I knew that I had to try all of the regional specialties, and with poutine up at the top of the list wanted to make sure that where I tried it was goooooood. Yelp to the rescue (as usual)! The list of places that popped up had Resto La Banquise as number 1, so with that decision made we bookmarked its location and after a loooong day of walking around and exploring, found ourselves standing behind a local family who had come there for dinner as well. It's usually a good sign if a restaurant is already 1/3 full when its on the early side of dinner time, and there are so many locals and local families dining there. We were seated immediately (and by the time we left, a line had formed) and quickly looked through the long list of poutine creations.I had to try the classic as my first taste, but we wanted to try something else and opted for the Kamikaze since SPICY is my middle name. We got regular sized plates, which were still huge! Piled with french fries, topped with cheese curds slathered in gravy (and in the case of the Kamikaze, slices of hot peppers, onions, and merguez sausage), they seemed monstrous in size - and then a guy next to us received his LARGE order o_OBoth were tasty, but we couldn't finish either of them. By the time we were stuffed full, it honestly looked like we had barely touched either of them. I've certainly had better gravy, and the fries themselves were pretty good but not amazing (I wish they had been crispier on the outside given the gooeyness of the gravy). Its a very cute place, VERY family friendly, and clearly popular. Prices aren't terrible - IF you know what you're getting yourself into. Glad I came and tried poutine...and now I don't have to again. My stomach should thank me.
3	Food was really good, as expected, but be ready to spend quite a bit. You really are paying a price premium for the reputation of the place. Also, my girlfriend told me there was alcool served, so I was really motivated to spend a good portion of the night there, but they really offered only 5-6 beer types and all in bottles.I would recommend it if you are in the area, but I would not recommend you to travel a medium to long distance to go there.
3	The poutine was good. But not the best Ive had.I stopped by there only because everyone was talking about this restaurant and how their poutine was amazing.Their poutine is expensive for what it is, the place is noisy and full as hell and be prepared to wait a long time before you get your order.If youre not a tourist, you wont be impress. And if you are, go to the Belle Province, its better and less expensive.
4	Short-ish line. 15 min. Someone tried to scalp poutine, pathetic. Others tried to cut in line.The burger is good, but not great, a little overdone. In the style and scale of McDonalds, but obviously way better. The poutine is delicious. I had it plain, which a local told me is like "buying a corvette but not getting the keys." I enjoyed it. Their vegetarian poutine is decent, the cheese is good but the gravy is very salty and tastes of condensed bullion a little.
4	I had just arrived in Montreal after a grueling, rain-filled drive from Toronto.  My friend and I put our bags down at the hotel and headed for a drink, but the bar wasn't serving food.  Where to go?  A patron told us to hop in a cab and go to La Banquise for poutine.  We were not disappointed.I regretfully got the La Classique (fries, cheese curds & bbq sauce) while my buddy wisely embellished and had an additional topping.  Mine was good, but with so many toppings available, I think I missed the boat.It's 24 hours, so I may be back another night.
4	While researching good poutine places in Canada (which by the way I've been moronically pronouncing it 'poo-tin-nay'. Yep, I learned the hard way when I tried to order it at a Dairy Queen and the employee looked at me like I was a stupid American), my studies have shown me that the cheese should be squeaky when you bite down on it.The cheese in the poutine at Resto La Banquise did just that. Granted, this was my first time trying poutine so I really have nothing to compare it to (not including that Dairy Queen fiasco) but something just felt right. Was it the steamy hot gravy caressing each fry? Was it the smell that wafted through the air and into my heart? I don't know. All I know is that this place got it right.We only had enough time (and room in our stomachs) to try La Classique (the regular one) but if I ever come back to Montreal, I would surely try one with meat. Preferably bacon because c'mon...it's bacon!Tip - the regular size was enough to split between four girls since it is pretty heavy. Unless you're in training to become the next star of Man v. Food, I would just stick with that.
3	The poutine is delectable and very authentic. They have interesting variations. However the lineup can be frustrating and the restaurant is not well-lit or spacious at all. But if you like that cafeteria-crammed homey feeling, you'll like this spot. If I can suggest anything you can go to any Belle Province greasy joint and it will be equivalent if it's your first time getting REAL poutine.
4	This was my first proper poutine experience and I am most definitely a fan.It was rainy and horrible outside and we were all starving and desperate to warm up inside. Unfortunately they were really busy and the wait for a table was too long (there was 8 of us) so we decided to take it out.There is lots and lots of choice - I had a bit of a meast feast poutine and my friend had a mexican one I think - well there was definitely guacamole, sour cream and salsa on it. They were both delicious. The portions are generous but then that doesn't overly impress me as I can't eat loads of poutine anyway. Will definitely be returning but this time I think I'd try and get a table.
4	My local coworkers recommended this place for some good poutine. They weren't kidding. It's very popular. Made the stupid mistake of coming by here for a Friday diner. The line up was out the door. The take out line is much shorter. Only had to wait 10 minutes to order. Went with a large petite vie. Basically, it's poutine with beef, corn and caramelized onions. Pretty simple recipe, but it tasted very delicious. The large is easily a meal for 2 or 3. It's big and will set you back about 15$. Ended up eating outside under a tree in the rain because I walked here from the metro. I would recommend driving to your destination because you may need to go elsewhere to get your Montreal sit down experience if it is busy.Overall I loved the product and hope to be back next time to sit down in the dinner!
2	I really dont understand the hype about this place, it is SO overrated. Sure you get a lot of toppings, and the quantity is large, but the poutine doesn't actually TASTE that good. It is more a quantity vs quality place.The fries are soggy and soft, the gravy tasteless and the cheese is hard. If you want to try good poutine, go to Frite Alors and try their Frite Alors poutine.
5	This June I went to Montreal for the first time (a very long over due visit), and while I didn't have a game plan for what to do I did know I wanted to eat. I know it probably seems very touristy, but I did want to find some awesome poutine in Montreal. I've had poutine before, but I've been told you can't really get great poutine outside of Quebec, and I wanted to see if that was the case. So I put out a request on Twitter asking where to find good poutine. I got a response back saying La Banquise, so I thought I'd check it out.Resto La Banquise is apparently open 24 hours, and when I got there around 2pm it was busy. It seems like it's probably busy almost all the time. I got a seat outside, in a nice courtyard area, and proceeded to order poutine. First any good Canadian will be able to attest to the fact poutine needs hot fries (preferabbly fresh cut, which these fries seemed to be), gravy, and arguably most important of all cheese curds (the squeakier the better). If you're visiting Montreal, or Canada just know real poutine uses cheese curds, not grated cheese or cheese sauce.The restaurant was really busy when I was there, but it seems to be the kind place that's always busy. The waitress was very friendly, and my poutine came out perfect and pretty fast. Definitely a good place if you're craving some poutine, or if you've never had this delicious delicacy.
4	La banquise, arguably the best place in Montreal for poutine. I believe this could be true. The staff is really great and they have a great selection of poutines there. There's nothing better than going there after a night in the bars when you're craving for a poutine. Their portions are very generous. Whenever friends from outside the country come visit, I make it an obligation to take them there.
3	I went here to meet some friends who were visiting at their suggestion (maybe they saw it had over 400 reviews on Yelp?) and was a bit disappointed. Sure, you can get poutine almost any way you want, but the fries are not out of this world or anything and it's not like putting ingredients on top of a bed of fried potatoes is very difficult to prepare. Considering this place has so many positive reviews, I expected it to be pretty good, though was not even as tasty as poutine you get at a chain like Frite Alors!Not to mention, once you load poutine up with all manner of things, is it really poutine anymore? I guess like pizza purists, who say only the Margherita is a true pizza, I think I have to agree that poutine is only poutine when it's classic - with gravy and cheese alone. Anything else is just poutine with crap on top.I probably would never have gone here if it were not for the people who wanted to go there, and I definitely won't be back. I would give this place a lower rating if it weren't for the fact that you can get vegetarian classic style poutine.Aside from the food which was only meh, it's super crowded in here! Many places in the city are cramped, but it was a little unbearable here.
3	After chowing down on many a ooutine (and hot dog, pogo, merguez, etc), I can confidently say that La Banquise is pretty darn alright. Perhaps not the best poutine I've ever consumed, but delicious nonetheless. The location is good for post Parc Lafontaine frolicking, or night out poutine cravings.On my most recent visit I discovered I'm starting to feel old. The music was just a little bit too loud, the tables a little bit too close. And the music being played reminded me of what I would have had on my iPod as a teenager ... Because iPods didn't exist back then. The clientele though was a mixed bag, ranging from teens to a couple to older people, so it wasn't the fellow patrons that made me feel old.  The poutine though?  Still delicious!  Some things never change.
5	La Banquise has the best vegetarian (red wine) gravy of any place I've found in Montreal that offers vegetarian poutine. I'd even go as far as to say that the vegetarian gravy is better than their "normal" gravy. I've let anyone I've taken there try it (some serious carnivores) and they've all agreed that it's superior in every way.They also recently started offering vegan poutine made with the vegetarian gravy and Daiya vegan cheese. I'm not a fan of Daiya, so I can't tell you if it's any good or not, but the gravy alone is worth the trip.They're open 24 hrs (one of the few places I've found in MTL) but parking there is *terrible*. It's also right across the street from a police station so think twice about parking illegally.
4	Came for the famous poutine .... was great and enjoyed it.
4	The lineup for this place is very long. I like the variety of their Poutine. They actually put a lot of stuffs (cheese curds, meat, we order the ones with meat), heavy but tasty. We ordered regular size and their portions are good enough for us.
4	really liked the poutine heret-rex and la mart......i think you can also add extra condiments at additional charge.it's just a place which is always packed. the seats are too crowded.there's only this one time when i don't need to wait for long and we get a relatively good table by the window.
4	Waited 30 minutes in line in the frigid Montreal cold, but it was worth it!Got a regular classique (BBQ sauce, not gravy) and a grande T-rex (hot dogs, sausage, and ground beef). The classique was amazing, the curds were squeaky, and the BBQ sauce instead of the gravy didn't make it too rich and heavy.Never thought I'd say this about a dish, but the T-rex had too much meat. It was hard to get meat + cheese + fries. But once the meat dwindled down, it was delicious.The fries were crisp and tasted good even when they became soggy in the end.Definitely a must-eat in Montreal!
5	There's always a line here and it's there for a reason.  This is the best Poutine in Montreal.  I'm not a huge huge fan of Poutine but at least La Banquise makes it bearable for me.  There are tons of options, ranging from the Classic with cheese curds and gravy to toppings like hot dogs, corn dogs and sausages.  Each of the different options is just a classic Poutine with additional toppings on top.  If you get a burger and substitute the fries with a Poutine--- you get a regular portion of Poutine.  Quite a lot of food.  I think 3 orders for a group of 4 is the perfect portion.  The Guacamole is too creamy so I'd avoid that one, the B.O.M. was really good but just too much for one person to handle so i guess the Classic is the way to go.
4	We were told that this is the best place for Poutine in Montreal. We were not let down at all.First Impression: Visiting Montreal in December we waited in the cold at 6pm for about 40 minutes to wait to be seated. Once we were able to get in and get a table I felt like I was at a 50's American diner. The kitchen is in plain view and the cook staff can be seen dancing and grooving to the music that was pumping through out the establishment. The waitresses are young and mostly pleasant. Service: Waitress are busy with the high demand and constant line of this 24 hour shop but I do give them credit as they seem pleasant and attentive. They greeted the table quickly and food came out with in 20 minutes of ordering.Food/ Poutine: I was not coming here for the burgers or anything else on the menu (though their menu is diverse and I saw a burger being served to another table that looked delicious), I was coming here for the poutine and ordered mine with the crispy chicken on top of the standard gravy and cheese curds. I ordered a regular which is more than enough for one person to make a meal out of that serving. The large looked enormous. Everything about it was delicious, the fries were not soggy and the heat of the gravy and now melted cheese curds created the perfect combination. DO NOT take it to go, eat it hot and ready as that is when it is best.  Overall the gravy is the best part of the meal and I was finding my self dipping my chicken in the gravy. The Gravy is very rich and heavy!Pros: Delicious Poutine, Fun Atmosphere, Friendly Staff, Adequately pricedCons: Long line, crowded waiting areaOverall: I would come here again. Easily a three star rating. The 4th star was giving mainly because of the quality of the food.
2	I'm probably the biggest foodie ever and I must say, poutine is one of my guilty pleasures. While visiting the land of the great poutine, I decided to save the best for the last. I was told that this place was a must have. I have to say that I was terribly disappointed because the truck stop on Dundas square serves better poutine and doesn't cost $20!! I mean, I would have no issue with the price point if it was as spectacular as people say it would be. I ordered the "pepper sauce" with spicy sausage and banana peppers.i know right?....sounds delicious on paper for sure but the recommended pepper sauce had peppercorns that were not properly crushed, the cheese curds were massive clumps sitting right in the center away from the sauce, so it didnt even melt properly, and the amount of banana peppers exceeded the amount of fries. I mean I'm sure the recipie isn't hot peppers, cheese curds, gravy and a sprinkle of potatoes now is it? To be honest, I've never written a bad review because I can literally enjoy anything, especially being east indian, my stomach can handle the spice.  However the drive back to Toronto was filled with acidity and indigestion.  More over, when I asked to take it out in a box, I was handed my package, then asked for it back because the guy in the kitchen "forgot" to do something. After handing it back to him, he drops the box, takes it back in the kitchen, does what he needs to and hands it back over to me. After getting in my car and driving off, I start feeling the paper bag leak on my lap! So basically the guy didnt even have the decency to give me a new box after dropping it. I know I should have double checked but hey I thought it is common sense to do that for a customer especially when you slam the box on the floor in front of them! Guess I have high r expectations..... oh and I forgot to mention, the guy went to add extra hot peppers! The only couple good thing I can say about it were the actual fries, but if you go wrong deep frying potatoes,  then there is a problem. The ambiance was also nice and the poutine orders looked delicious from a distance.
5	Best place for poutine experience. Lineup outside at 3am on Saturday nights :-).
4	Brought the GF here for her first poutine dish and it was very good.  Next time, we will go to Au Pied de Cochon for their foie gras poutine.  Before I digress, we split the classic poutine and their gravy was dark, rich, and flavorful.  The fries were crisp while the cheese curds were gooey and delicious. I would recommend. Expect a wait. We had a drink across the street at the corner bar, and then went around 9PM without a long wait.
4	The line for this place was nuts but definitely worth the wait. I enjoy how they have a wide selection of poutines that you can choose from, with toppings such as hot dog pieces, corn, cheese, etc. I especially enjoy that they are open 24 hours therefore, if you are ever hungry in the middle of the night you can drop by to grab a quick bite. Small interior with very friendly service. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Montreal again.
5	Was a bit crowded but seemed like everyone liked the place and was happy. I usually don't like huge crowds because large amounts of people make me angry but this was ok. Service was good, fast, and the food was great. Get the traditional poutine, it's the best.
5	This was the best poutine I had while in Canada! I came here alone and still really enjoyed myself. The staff was really nice, hopefully they appreciated my attempts to speak the language. haha  I ordered the classique poutine and it was incredible! Would absolutely go back. I got the Boreale blonde for my drink and that was great, too! Definitely had a bit of a line to wait in, but it was 100% worth it.
3	The food is okay. But it doesn't seem the reason for its popularity. The environment is just soso like fast food places. The staffs are ok friendly but given the price they should have a service of this level. Unfortunately i cannot understand why it's a must for visitors...
4	We came here super late at night to have our poutine fix after dinner and a visit up mont royal. We were still full from dinner, but the poutine here was pretty good.Decor/ ambiance - 4/5A great thing about this place is that if is open 24/7 and is cheerily painted inside. A not so great thing about being open 24/7 is that after a certain time, you have to pay the check beforehand. Oh well that only makes sense. Also cool hip hop played in the background when we were there.Service - 3/5After our guy sat us down and took our order, he practically disappeared for the rest of the night. Maybe he went to take a nap.Food 4/5We ordered the matty and a cider. Though we had finished dinner at l'express only 2 hours before, the poutine was good enough to dig in. Afterward though I felt like I was going to get a heart attack.Bottom line - for your late night munchies
4	Easily the best poutine I have ever eaten. I got La Classique, wolfed it down, and then felt very sick for about ten minutes afterward. But that's why you don't wolf down poutine-- I should have known better. Be warned: portions here are large! I agree with the person below who thinks three poutines for four people is just the right amount. We went mid-afternoon on a Sunday and there was a short line, but we were seated quickly and got our food promptly as well. My only complaint was that the place is a bit cramped and after we were finished eating our waitress kept checking back to see if we were all set with the check. It felt rushed!
2	This place was a total, ridiculous disappointment. What a tourist trap.We had been hearing about this place since we got here last summer. Twice we thought about going, but a huge queue outside made us change our minds. Poutine just didn't seem like the kind of food I'd queue for, not that I like queuing for anything really.Anyway, last night, late night, we're satisfactorily drunk, in the area, we decide to just do it for the sake of it. To start, it was about a ~20min wait in the freezing cold/snow (it felt like an hour, and note: there's about 150 places within a kilometer radius that sells this same dish, poutine - places we went before, and enjoyed.). And remember, poutine is drunk hangover food, it's not fine dining. Any old greaser can put a good one together. We've had dozens of great ones since we moved here (without visiting Banquise let alone queueing in the snow).So yeah, a loooong wait. Then eventually, once it's your turn the staff don't even look at you, they just sort of gesture their hand for you to run inside (kinda similar to crappy nightclubs), then put you into a corner with two menus and run off without a word. Right off the bat it feels as though you're really making their life unpleasant. I understand it's busy but a simple "Welcome to Banquise. I'll be back in 5 :)" would be great!Inside, the place is super loud and bright, full of other drunk obnoxious people (usually fun but the vibe is off, its not a bar nor an entertainment venue, so it feels a bit weird), and decorated in a pretty bad way. Kinda like a pastoral McDonalds.Anyway, the menu had a ton of awesome poutine options, so we got excited. Ready to order within 2min, it took us forever to actually make the order. You'd think with such a queue outside they'd be on this. Eventually, after about 15min, a server came and took our orders, in a very fast food manner (raised eyebrow, no response). My gf had a regular large poutine, and I got the Dan Dan (pepperoni, bacon, onion). We also ask for two Dr Peppers. Then he snatched the menus with a grin and ran off.We then waited excitedly, very hungry by this point. But then 5min later, the guy comes to us with the cheque, saying we have to pay first, because it's their "nighttime policy" ie ppl sneaking out. I mean I get where he's coming from, but this isn't a take away corn dog, we're sitting down in the damn place!? To me, this speaks volumes about the tourist trap system of this place (designed for maximum speed, absolutely no attention to clients, who is sitting, or standing, or outside, or anything). Remember, ppl are queuing in the snow for this. Anyhow, I pay ($35 for two poutine/soda!!!!) without a complaint. And we waited again (now -$35).Then, 10min later, two poutines arrive. They look amazing, but turn out to be extremely ordinary. Ordinary as in it looks just like the ones up at A&W on St Laurent/Mont Royal that you can get without a queue (not even Poutineville which is open till 5am just down the road. For a quarter price, mind you.So, anyway, being slightly inebriated/hungry, we dig in. And yes, it is satisfactory drunk filler, but nothing great at all, considering queue, price, noise etc. You have to eat it amid shouting and people throwing things, and it's not cheap. It felt like a frat house. I much prefer a quiet greaser at this hour.Being pretty disappointed, after about 15 bites each (about 1/3 of a large plate), we then ask the guy if we can have our food to go. Thankfully this part was done really quickly.I felt kinda conned and scammed into a poutine tourist trap. The queue, the people, the glorification of a drunk food. I mean, AA or all the late night city diners glorify poutine by making the experience and food taste authentic to Montreal, not with colors and queues and self-important staff. I found it a little absurd and kind of disingenuous to visitors, the way this place is advertised. Like Schwartz's and other queue places, offer something specific. Poutine? And not great ones? Are ubiquitous.This is the "go to" Montreal place? The whole approach with this place is wrong. This is not Montreal to me, this is a cartoon tourist trap to rip off people.If you are starving next door with $15 to throw on a poutine and can't be bothered to walk two blocks in any direction, then eat here. But this is not "good poutine". It's over-saturated and phony and.... just a bit of a tourist trap cashing in on tourists MTL poutine stereotypes.My image of Montreal was kinda tainted by this place. But anyway, glad we went and got that out of the way.
3	We waited on line for this poutine for maybe 20 minutes which isnt too bad.  For 3 of us we ordered the small 3 amigos poutine and then a classic large. We were brought out 2 larges, which was fine in the long run.  The poutine tasted good and was enjoyable but I dont think anything to write home about.  It was a very quick meal and our server did bring us the wrong bill to pay.   If im back in Montreal I do not think I would come back here, I would maybe look for a different poutine spot.
3	From some of the reviews, I get the impression that getting poutine here as a visitor is the sort of tourist experience that I would tell my friends who visit New York to never, ever indulge in. You know, waiting on a line to try a particular unhealthy locally beloved food item from a particular restaurant just because it's the "Thing" to do. We New Yorkers, as everyone knows, never fall for that kind of hype. Unless, of course, cro-nuts are involved...ANYWAY, I did it. I walked way out of my way and then waited in a line in the cold to eat the most unhealthy meal of the year (so what if it was only halfway through January) in a horrifyingly short time. I smelled like frites and smoked meat all day and had a vague stomach ache. These are all GOOD THINGS, in case you were wondering.I did it all because first of all, french fries -- sorry, *frites* -- are one of my favorite foods. Second, how can you not get poutine while you're in Canada? Is this the best poutine ever? I have no idea and don't really feel inclined to do the research. But the whole point of poutine is that it's immensely satisfying while you're eating it, consequences be damned, and I left Resto Banquise happy.Oh yeah, get a small order.
3	Maybe I'm too much of a health freak or just don't love fries but I didn't find the poutine here earth-shattering.  We trekked here in the very snowy Canadian weather to be greeted by a long line inside the restaurant.  The wait went fairly quickly and then we got to the fries. We ordered the classic and the 3 amigos which had 3 different types of sausage on it.  I found the 3 amigo poutine more flavorful with the original falling flat on flavor. I also thought that it was quite expensive for a simple dish of fries. If I were to go back to Montreal, I would not need to come back for the poutine.
5	This was the place that converted me on poutine!  Never understood it before I tried La Banquise.  Slowly working my way through the extensive and delicious menu.  All of them have been great so far: t-rex, BOM, mart, reggae, probably a few others I'm forgetting right now. Amazing as post bar food, great any time of day
3	After all the hype I was rather disappointed. I give points for it being open 24 hrs, and yeah they have a great selection of poutines, but it's a really "meh" price and their original and chicken poutines don't beat Belle Province or even PJs in NDG so I was disappointed after hearing so many people rave about this place. Service staff were friendly, and I chatted up one of the waitresses. Seems like a good place if you're in the area and looking to pitch $10-$20 on a poutine but in general its an OK place for a poutine. It's certainly better for people who like the additional ingredients in mix.
3	Ok so I heard a lot of good things about La Banquise, like it is THE place to go and have a Poutine.I heard how crazy and crowded it can get when people start leaving the surrounding bars, craving for fat food.AND SWEET GREASY LORD JESUS, fat it is.I made the terrible mistake of ordering a large one and not the regular (cause you know, it's better when it's large) (I'm still talking about food here) I had the T-Rex (Yes I saw the menu, T-Rex caught my eyes, and my choice was made, why would I check the other poutine when you have one called like that ?)It was a mix between a Poutine and a Meat Salad. You heard me  : A MEAT SALADLike a Salad of meat. Without the healthy salad.I would say it's the kind of dish absolutely amazing when you're drunk, because, ok, it's good, it's fat and you hate yourself so much when you finish it.I actually couldn't sleep all night because I was so full.BUT this is clearly not the best Poutine I had so far, the fattest one, for sure.Might try some other ones, and the regular one this time, thank you very much
5	My friends and I are visiting from Toronto and wanted to hit up a poutine place since our friends from Montreal are always talking about how we don't know what real poutine is. We were deciding between two popular places and based on our friends' recommendations, we decided to try La Banquise. We went at about 530 and there was a line up but it was nothing compared to the line up we saw coming out of the restaurant.I ordered "the reggae" which was not on the menu but my friend from Montreal highly recommended it. IT WAS DIVINE. I am also a huge lover of guac so this poutine was everything I could dream of and more. The service is okay but the place is so busy. The servers however, are super friendly. I would recommend ordering the regular because I found that it was a perfect portion to be satisfied and full.One thing I really really enjoyed about this place is the music. I enjoyed their old school rap and hip hop playlist that kept me moving to the beat while I devoured my poutine.
4	My first poutine (except for some home-made approximation made with Brooklyn-sourced cheese curds, rapidly-cooling takeaway fries and underwhelming instant gravy) was super. We queued for 30 mins on a cold Sunday afternoon (you always queue apparently) but seating was democratic and well-managed. They do 20 plus types of poutine, and most are a riff on the original, plus add-ons. I had a Savoyarde with bacon, onions, emmenthal and creme fraiche, my wife decorated hers with merguez, and another companion had a less successful iteration bedecked with breaded chicken bits. Portions are generous, they split the bill per diner in advance (student tourists must be a significant client base), and it's cheerful. You can't pay with foreign cards so bring cash.
3	Ah Poutine, the Canadian equivalent to SD's Carna Asada Fries. I'm really having a hard time deciding what I think about Resto La Banquise. On the one hand, I definitively enjoyed my poutine here. On the other hand, I almost always enjoy poutine and its hard to me to think that the poutine here was exceptional. The poutine was above average and I thought the selection was great, but I think they know that they're popular and thus the prices reflect it. in the end, the combination of taste and price has lead me to give this a sound 3 star restaurant. Worth a trip if you really want poutine, but nothing go out of your way for.For the record, i got the classic and the B.O.M. The classic is the standard fries, gravy and cheese curds. The curds were chewy and great. The fries held up to the gravy and didn't get soggy too quickly. And the gravy was tasty but nothing special. The B.O.M has bacon, onions and a spicy lamb sausage. The sauce is sweeter and spicer, or maybe it just picked that up from the sausage...not totally sure. This was definitely my favorite as it was unique and more memorable.
5	First time here. Ordered 'La Miam' for takeout. Great flavour. Cheese curds melted nicely. Very busy location, great atmosphere.
5	Am not a poutine person everywhere I go they don't do it well but when I was in montreal and saw this poutine place and I heard that montreal has the best poutine so i decide to try it. and it was really really really good poutine the best I've ever had.This place is a MUST either you like poutine or not because they do it in a perfect way and they have a lot of options you can choose from so defiantly you will find something you like in their menu Price is perfect Portion is more than perfectService is great and friendly
5	The first place I had poutine was La Banquise. It definitely set a high standard as a first time. Poutine everywhere tastes the same since it is cheese, fries and gravy but what makes this place so special is the different types of poutine it offers. The poutine here ranges from Mexican style to pizza style guving the Quebec dish an international dash. Furthermore you can add whatever you want to your poutine to customize it. Food here gets really heavy but it's fabulous. A must visit if you're in Montreal.
2	Poutine is ok. Fries can be dry & soggy. Overall this restaurant is overrated! All the hype is basically the varieties being offered and the fact they are open 24/7. You can def find much better tasting poutine elsewhere
4	So we had to try poutine while in Canada. I already bookmarked this place before getting here and true enough this was one of the places our concierge at the hotel suggested to get some in the city.Before even walking in, I could already smell the thick aroma of grease in the air. What was I thinking, right? Fried food galore! Very hip and casual atmosphere. The place was loud and packed with a younger crowd mostly in groups. Tables are tightly situated right next to each other. We could hear conversations to our left and to our right but that didn't bother us. It was rather amusing. After perusing the menu, I decided to get their POUTINE LA SAVOYARDE: bacon, onions, Swiss cheese, sour cream atop a bed of fries covered in "gravy". Yes, Americans call it that but I hear Canadians prefer to call it "brown sauce". Ok, so it's delicious, but not out of this world amazing. In fact, it's quite overwhelming. Halfway through, I was already forcing it down my throat. It's heavy! No wonder we had people stare at our table when they saw our food. The poutine was only a side dish for my friend and I, while everyone else had it as their main order. And yes, we each had our own poutine! I got the HAMBURGER STEAK as my main entree. This, too was fried and oozing with the goodness of its juices. The patty was well-seasoned...very yummy! I enjoyed this so much more than the poutine.Friendly staff and service. Only complaint was the wait for our food. Others who came after us got their orders before we did. Maybe because we had main entrees and they all got poutines only? I guess... Cash only here with an ATM machine inside but they also accept USD. So thankful for that.Oh and they're open 24/7! Probably because this is good drunk food. Hah!
5	La Banquise is amazing ! My go to poutine place.Everyone should eat poutine hereI bought a poutine here at least 15 times
5	One of the best poutines I have ever had was here. Luckily when I arrived there was hardly a line but the place was packed! Service was quick, however our waitress didn't speak English to us which would be hard for tourists but it was fine with me.
5	I am an absolute passionate about breakfast food, and do they deliver! Their breakfast food is delicious, as well as their poutines. burgers and shepherds pie!
5	My first trip to Montreal and this was the one place that appeared on everyone's recommendation list. It was my last night so I had to go. Took took a 20 minute metro and a walk to find it but it was well worth it! Had to go with the classic with extra curds. We're the curds squeaky? Damn rights, the Poutine was delicious! My friend had the pepper gravy, wow that was amazing too. It's a must go for sure.
5	For muslims I recommend these (ask for vegetarian gravy):1- mexicane(spicy)2- taquise3- rachel
5	I went here in October 2013 and it was AMAZING! I LOVED the original but the Italian was very good also. Go early in the mornings (like 5am) if u wanna beat the rush and get free parking :-)
5	What is there left to say about La Banquise. Its a pretty iconic place in MTL. Easy argument for the best poutine in the city. This is where I had my first poutine, and have continued to eat here for many times. They're open late, so this is a nice place to go after the bar and fill your belly.
5	Ahhhh Poutine!!!!!!!!! This is what Montreal cuisine is all about.  Fries, Cheese Curds, and Gravy.  Simple, yet amazing.  Was able to try to the classic one and the one with onions and bacon.  The onions and bacon are a slamming combo and is highly recommended.  They have a million different varieties.  I have a big appetite and the small was almost impossible to complete, but I did it.  The large is served in a massive bowl and if you are three people you can either get 2 large bowls or 3 smalls.  I think that would be the equivalence.  If you are going to try something, you got to try the best.  I highly suggest making this your first stop for any foodie.  The line was also out the door, so be prepared to wait.  It is well worth it though!!!!
4	After 6 hours of drive into Montreal, checked in and yes this is where I'm heading. It's a pretty nice walk from the hotel I'm staying at, about 30-40 min. we went through some pretty busy streets and music was playing till late at night. When we arrived at the poutine shop at 930, the lineup was waaaaay out the door. I wasn't too impressed with the lineup.. since it was a cold and windy night and we just drove like a gazillion miles to get here. After about half and hour of wait, finally we got seated. We got two poutines - one with guacamole, the other with hot chili, chicken burger and shepard's pie for four people - waaay too much food. guess my eyes were hungrier (is that a word??) than what my stomach can hold. Skip the burger and pie, have the poutine y'all, all the gravey gooey cheesy heavenly mmmmm. We also had several beers - good stuff. The only bone i want to pick is that there's not a whole lot of variety here. I get it's a poutine shop, everyone's here for poutine only blah blah. But c'mon since the lineup was so long, can't I atleast have some fish and chips, pizza, or other stuff to choose from?Anyway poutine was fabulous. adorable little joint, always PACKED! cash only, pay first eat after. yum!
4	Very famous and popular routine shop. We ordered 3 Amigo poutine which contains three kinds of  sausages. Large quantities and tasty
2	Overrated is the first word that comes to mind concerning this very touristic attraction. It's good but let's be honest folks, it's simply not THAT good. Simply put, there's far better poutine to be had elsewhere in Montreal.Thus here's a review of a Montrealer for other Montrealers as well as tourists coming to town on what's what.La Banquise is a 24 hours, eat a variety of pre-established poutines to your heart's delight. The price tag has steadily gone up over the years with small sized STANDARD poutines close to $6 and the larger ones around $10. Obviously, it's far more expensive if you go all out with their toppings so it's unusual to pay close to $13-15... FOR ONLY FOR THE POUTINE. They also offer other fast comfort food but let's be honest, you're coming here for the poutine... RIGHT???On a positive side, the portion sizes are generous. The standard plate should feed most people. The big plate is quite a treat.My major issue with La Banquise is not the price-tag, nor the service, nor it's ridiculous popularity as the GO TO place for poutine in Montreal but simply put... that it's simply a relatively weak poutine. The gravy just isn't that great and the fries aren't right. At least, that's my opinion.In more detail, the gravy lacks substance as it's probably made by the barrel for the non-stop flow of clients coming in and the fries are too thin. Frankly, I'm unsure if they're the best quality of potatoes possible for consumption. Are they even hand cut? It just BLAH, fries that are fried too quickly and they are quite soggy when received. Fries often make or break a poutine plate and this won't do. At least for me.I always recommend to folks to try to visit smaller mom & pop places that make a wicked poutine or perhaps even Poutineville if they want a popular place simply because one can make their very own poutine. Their gravy more consistently good and more importantly... the fries are the right kind with other options that exceed the standard poutine experience that I recommend to everyone willing to have THE BEST POUTINE! Heck, if your cheese curds aren't squeaky, you ain't getting the best poutine!!!I've been to worse Tourist traps in my life so feel free to experience it yourself but be warned, it's simply not the best Montreal has to offer...far from it. So for those of you coming to Montreal, Yelp search poutine and check your other options, La Banquise isn't the best place to have poutine.No, this isn't a ploy to shorten the line-up. :)
4	aahhh!  The poutine critique. You will never again find so much said about a meal with three bland graceless ingredients.My friend has lived in Montreal for ten years and recommended we go here. "Its the most quebecois place to go to at 12:00 AM on a Sunday evening in the Plateau DISTRICT. " This is a real original poutine gourmet cuisine experience. The type of place you overhear modern people talk about, while lining up in some crummy Toronto poutinerie at 2:00 AM.  The "Classic Poutine" was excellent. I found the sauce sweeter to previous poutine experiences and the waiter said this was because it's real cooked-down turkey gravy and fresh cheese curds, and fries. The tables were all beat up and the washroom was in a a bit of a state. Overall a good experience but I won't be bringing it up in line as I wait for shitty poutine in Toronto. There are so many better things to talk about. That being said, there are so many better things to eat.
4	Okay, I am going to give this place 4 stars... but mind you, I don't have much of a basis for comparison because this was my FIRST poutine experience.If you don't know, poutine is a gluttonous concoction.  It goes like this:1)  A pile of greasy french fries;2)  Smothered in a thick brown gravy; 3)  Topped with cheese curds.La Banquise offers an array of poutine, ranging from La Originale (see above) to the meat-lovers version, the T-Rex (hamburger meat, sausage, pepperoni, etc...).  Since it was my first time trying poutine, I figured that I would just go with the basic la Originale.  My first impression:  WOW this is SALTY.  My second impression:  Hm.  Who would've thought cheese curds could taste so nice.All in all, it was tasty.  Total drunk people food though.  It appears they are open 24 hours a day - making this the perfect stop after a late night drinking with friends.  I sat in the patio area and it was really nice.  I would definitely check them out!  They are NOT cash only, contrary to the other posts.
4	La Banquise changed my world. My cousin and I got off our 5 train ride up to Montreal and she insisted we go here that very night. The miserable walk through snowy freezing weather was immediately forgotten the moment we walked in...I tried poutine for the first time here and I guess I spoiled myself because wow it was just so much goodness on my plate and I don't think anything will ever be the same.It's probably a good thing I live on the opposite coast of a completely different country otherwise I think I'd end up here at least once a week for the drunk cravings. We had the La Mexicaine and it was truly divine, especially with the added bacon :)  Definitely a must-try when you're in Montreal
5	The waitresses are gorgeous!! And the food is even better!! "La Matty" w/ side of smoke meat!
5	we just came to montreal for vacation and we were pretty desperate for dinner, and since two restaurants we wanted to go to was closed and fully booked (on a weekday!), we decided to just go with poutine for dinner. this place is so good, that even before we entered the restaurant we could smell the amazingness of their poutine. i have never smelt anything like it! their menu has everything i have never thought could be on a poutine. we had to have them to-go because the place was packed and we were very hungry. our taste buds were forever changed by how tasty the poutine turned out to be. even the classic poutine was not disappointing! definitely will recommend to anyone and everyone!
2	Out of all the poutine I had in Montreal, I think this might've been my least favourite. There was a sweetness to the fries that didn't really work with the gravy and curds. At least not for me. It was also pretty bland. Some friends of mine that live in Montreal say it's been going downhill over the past few years. I was kinda disappointed because a Vancouver friend told me great things about it. I didn't even finish my plate because it didn't seem worth it.However, it was pretty packed in here and everyone seemed pretty stoked on theirs, so there must be something good about this place.
3	For our first meal in Montreal, of course it had to be the real poutine. After reading tons of great reviews, we biked our way to la Banquise. There were a million choices but we narrowed it down to bacon and green peppers and the ham and mushrooms (can't remember the names of the dishes). They were both just ok, and I'm glad I got the salad to start because this is definitely not diet food! I guess we were expecting something amazing but it seems to be a touristy restaurant with many creative options of ok-tasting poutine. I can imagine it must get busy on late nights since this place is opened 24-7!
2	Despite the fact that this is supposed to be one of, if not "the" best poutine in Montreal, I always seem to find myself dissappointed. Yeah, they have a wide selection of poutines, but that doesn't mean anything if they can't even get the gravy right. Had a trio with hotdogs and a small poutine, poutine sauce was bland, cheese didn't even begin to soften,  and the steamed hot dogs were absolutely tasteless. could of gone to Bell P's for half the price and better food...
5	What can I say about La Banquise? It's money in the bank. Whether its 4pm "afternoon delight" or 4am "forget about that night", one thing you can count on is solid poutine from this place. My go-to is the Elvis (ground beef, green pepper, mushrooms). The gravy is tight, the curds are squeaky, and the fries are a touch on the crispy side. The small size is just enough to fill you up for a few hours. The large size is definitely an artery clogger and should only be reserved for comfort food or letting yourself go moments. Add a burger if you're really going to fall off the wagon. If you're here in the summer, opt for the patio in the back. It's the only way to enjoy a steaming hot pile of goodness.
4	I love that T-Rex poutine, but every bite makes my heart's coronary arteries cry.Definitely a tourist spot to add to a foodie's tour of Montreal, but there's no shame in visiting it. A quick Google search will always present this place in the top 3 poutineries of Montreal and when you see the menu of over 2 dozen kinds, you can understand why.I never officially had poutine before, but the concept of fries, gravy and cheese curds (poor man's mozzarella) is simple to understand. The gravy here has a good flavor and the cheese curds give a mild salt factor. The T-Rex version with added bacon, hot dogs and ground beef is a carnivore's dream (duh).For these dense dishes a regular should be sufficient for 2 sharing, unless you're starving. My only dislike about the concept of poutine is the mushy fries. Just my personal preference for crispy/non-soggy fries.By the way, the onion rings here are skinny and super crunchy as a good side order. Service is incredibly friendly as well.
5	Had the vegan poutine. Husband had the classic. Really quick service, generous wait staff. We sat down around 2:30 on a Wednesday. Most of the tables were bustling by the time we left. Classic poutine: cheese curds, gravy, fries. Vegan poutine: shredded vegan cheese, vegan gravy, fries.  Fries were a great slightly crispy on the outside texture and soft on the inside. Good for grabbing all that gravy and cheese. Good ratios for all the three ingredients to have together - wasn't too much or too little of any of the flavors. Would happily recommend to vegetarians or meat eaters.
4	A Montreal classic. This poutine spot is recommended by many. We had them seat us on the terrace and ordered the "Classic Poutine" with two of their Banquise beers. No beer on the patio so we were seated back inside. The poutine as good, not amazing, but the atmosphere and the wild variety of poutine makes this a good place to stop with visitors. Just be sure to bring cash because they only accept cash or Canadian debit cards.
4	My wife and two friends drove into Montreal and the very first thing we had to do was try one of the best restaurants serving up poutine (essentially fries, cheese curds, and gravy). We were staying near Mount Royal so we walked down a cool street to this place. It was PACKED at 10:30PM on a Sunday night (has to be good!). They are know for their classic poutine and T-Rex. My friends got the classic and the cheese curds were squeaky (the true sign of good cheese curds). I got the T-Rex and it was great.Warning: DO NOT ORDER THE LARGE ORDER. It's way too much even for two people. This is the heaviest meal I've ever had so a regular order is more than enough for two people!
3	Fries were overcooked and soggy (not just the ones  in gravy), kind of bland. Very busy, packed with locals and tourists alike. Glad I went there to try their poutine, but will try elsewhere in search of better poutine next time I visit Montreal.
4	Good casual atmosphere, open 24/7. The place to go for poutine. Great and very quick service. They have many kinds of poutines: guacamole, bacon, bell peppers, or sausage for example. I had the classic. It was good. Of course, don't go there if you don't like fries, cheese and gravy. Also don't go there for a light meal.
5	This place definitely turned me 100% into liking poutines! I never fully understood poutines until I tried this place,   I mean, it's just fries with toppings on it, what's the big deal? Then came T-Rex with all its meat and cheese curd. WOW. The large serving is so huge my husband & I could barely finish it! The place does not accept credit cards, just debit or cash. Thank goodness they accept US dollars. There is a bit of a wait, but it goes fast (we came around 9pm, Sunday). The seating is tight, we had to sit on a table right in front of the fire exit door. The downside is their service. They ask you to pay right away, right after you order (but this may be because our server was ready to go home from her shift?) and she assumed that the change from our $20 bill was for her to keep.
4	This place is a restaurant known for its poutine. I give the poutine 5 stars, and the restaurant 4 stars. The beer selection leaves something to be desired, and the service was just a little bit slow (fast enough to warrant 4 stars). The menu has a bunch of different selections of poutine, and my wife and I both only finished half of our "regular size," because we were so full. I repeat: I only give it 4 stars due to the things besides the poutine, if you are looking for great poutine, this is the place!
5	After an exhausting bixi bike ride up TWO mountains and a plateau (it's really just a hill), we finally made it to lunch at La Banquise.We decided on doing take out and eat at La Fontaine Park. We got La Mart (large for $13.25) which contains hot dog sausage, bacon and mushroom. It was a generous portion of food and we had difficulty finishing it between two people. There's something different about the fries (it's sweeter than other poutines I've had) which makes it so good!I would definitely come back here for a cheap eat if I'm back in Montreal.
4	The BEST place to have your first taste of poutine. Reasonable prices, a wide menu selection and a variety of craft beers. The portions are large and they don't chinz on the gravy or curds. I enjoyed it!
5	I was on a hunt for the perfect poutine and I found it!! the cheese curds melt in your mouth, the sauce is nice and flavourful and not too salty. I had the regular vegan poutine with vegan sauce. My friend had the regular poutine with regular sauce (I think the regular sauce has bacon in it). My friend found his bacon sauce to be bland but, loved the vegan sauce. Overall, the poutine were delicious. If you don't mind lining up to be seated then, I highly recommend this place. Perfect late night escape!
5	After living in Montreal for 6 years, I've finally managed to get myself to eat at La Banquise! It was around 2:30 am on a Sunday night when I was craving poutine (happens way too often!)There was a slight line up (be sure you are in the right one since there is a take out and a eat-in lineup). I can't remember which one I ordered but i had bacon and sour cream! It was just amazing! The staff are super friendly and we barely had to wait for the food to finish!The second time I went, it was on a saturday and it was super crowded! It was 3:30am and happened to be grand-prix weekend. Had to wait in line for about 10 minutes to sit down. Food came pretty quick.
4	It is always fun to go to La Banquise. Afterall, it is 24 hours! I have been there late night after a good party and for lunch or dinner. Yesterday, we had dinner there and my boyfriend loves it. I don't really like gravy (a sin of poutine) so I order it without. I love that they have vegan and vegetarian options for gravy and cheese curds. They are not super accommodating to anglophones but they do have an English menu.
3	3.5 StarsI came here in the summer of 2013 (three times) and honestly, I don't find it that amazing!  The most memorable poutine was probably the one with a lot of peppers but in general, I feel that it's a bit over-hyped.  The reason why I'm not giving them 4 stars is because of the long-lines and waits that aren't really justifiable other than fact that they're famous for their poutine.  The portions are really big and if you're not here for a meal (I don't really consider poutine + a pop a meal anywyas) then you can easily split it between 2 or 3 people as a filling snack.  The location isn't exactly easy to get to if you don't have a car (we were here on vacation techncially) so the walk from the center of Montreal is perhaps 20-30 minutes depending on where you're located. Definitely give La Banquise a try if you're in the neighborhood but if you're not a fan of waiting in lines, then you may want to consider one of the many other poutine shops in town! :)
3	Overall :Worth it for the novelty and the food.  The restaurant is cramped, the service is nothing special (although also nothing terrible) and be warned they are CASH-ONLY (see below).  That said, if you want a bunch of different gravy + fries + whatever, this is probably the best game in town.Food :My partner and I split a regular sized hotdog poutine, and a regular sized T-rex.  Both were delightful.  The T-rex had a lot of meat, but that was expected, and somehow the bacon flavor permeated the gravy which was delicious.  One warning - a single regular is enough to share if you're not that hungry.  If you are, you might be able to eat one on your own, or split two like we did.  The large size is huge, it's like a soup bowl filled as high as they can mound it with poutine.Decor / Ambiance :Nifty decor, but holy crap is it cramped.  We were there off of a normal meal time (around 2 PM) and it was full to brimming and we had to step over and around people and their stuff.  Getting a refill on water was painful, mostly because the waitress could barely reach us.  The bathroom was the filthiest I saw in all Montreal, and is unisex.  If I was a woman I would have recoiled in horror.  You have been warned.Cash-Only?!?! :Okay, I get why some places don't want to take credit cards, but this was a special kind of hell.   Canada now has credit / debit cards with microchips, and some ATMs will not process your transaction if your card doesn't have one.  Being from the United States, my cards did not have chipped, and the two walkable ATMs near the restaurant as well as the one inside were all the type of ATM that did not work without chips.  It was probably the most frustrating half hour of my trip, and we ended up just eating what we could afford on pocket change.  We checked their website before we went, it would have been lovely if this had been written clearly on the main page or any of the menu pages... alright, I'm done griping now.
3	Fun place, easy to get a seat, tons of poutine options and they are served like the picture. Good music and they have their own banquise beer. Famous poutine however I wasn't amazed. We has the Mexican poutine - maybe should try another type.
5	Know this: I am an American tourist who has never had poutine before this. That said, this place was so delicious. We had to wait in a line that went out the door, which I assumed was a good sign. It was extremely busy so it felt like the wait staff took a little while to notice we were there, but once noticed, service was friendly and fast as it could be for such a busy time of day. There is a fun vibe to this place--I wanted to take one of the flower painted tables home with me. They had beer, which is never a bad thing, and we immediately received warm tap water (why is all the tap water in Montreal warm?) We ordered the T-rex and the Mexican (I forget what it is in French). Both were delightful. While the toppings were meaty and perfect, I actually found myself saying that a classic poutine would've been enough--it was that good. Portion size was enormous, but I'm not complaining. Aside from the fact that *supposedly* better poutine exists in Montreal, I would absolutely come back here again.
4	What a place! Vast menu options, fun vibe and good food.A goal for any tourist visiting Montreal is to try it's most famous food. On our quest to find the best poutine, La Banquise came up again and again in conversations.The restaurant is fairly large and colourful. It has a very casual vibe, almost feeling like a upscale fast food joint. There was fun music playing and all the staff would sing along while running back and forth between errands.The menu had many, many options that were very customizable. I chose the La Maty, a mix of bacon, green peppers, onions and mushrooms. I added ground beef as suggested by the waitress.My friends who is a vegan was delighted to see that there was a vegan poutine, which he thoroughly enjoyed. The food was good and very filling, I believe that this place is popular because of the heavy options and the exciting environment. I don't know if I would argue that it was the best poutine I've ever had, as it felt more like a dinner than a traditional poutine. I would recommend this place to anyone that wants a treat but if you're looking for Montreal's best classic poutine, I would look elsewhere. Somewhere much smaller perhaps.
4	Got the chicken and peas Poutine this time but got the BOM and others before.  Very good Poutine overall but it gets crowded and difficult to get to as it is in the outskirts of downtown.  The wait is typically long and close sitting with others where you can hear everyone's conversation.  I would return but wished they had another location that is more accessible.Food: 4/5, very delicious and never disappoints. It could be a little less saltier.Service: 2/5, because it's often busy, service is very lacklustre here. The wait sometimes could be very long.Ambience: 2/5, crowded tables and a lot of young people after the bar; it can get a little rowdy.Price: 3/5, about $15 per person, it's a bit up there and versus Ma'am Borduc or Poutineville, the portions are not as big.
5	Yum! If you like poutine then it necessary to try this place. They just get it when it comes to making poutine. I'm not much of a gimmick guy, so I judge poutine by the basic 3 ingredients. Once you get that right,  the rest is child play. 3 ingredients, you say? How hard is it to mess that up, right?  But trust me, the majority of poutine, especially outside of Quebec, is absolutely awful!I usually go for a classic, along with 2 steamy hot dogs (another Montreal fast food staple) and a beer to finish all nicely. If you go to Montreal,  definitely go there.
5	Preparing for my first summer trip to Montreal I had to do my research--I spent days on Yelp and similar sites looking for interesting, well-known, and well-liked restaurants. Food is a big deal in the city and I want the best experience for my money. La Banquise certainly delivered. After a long day of (literally) walking up and down Mont Royal, we decided to stop in for a quick bite. In my head I knew what I wanted, but of course I had to take an eternity browsing the menu. The poutine section alone covers an entire page! But I settled, and patiently awaited my poutine--the BOM. Being from the states, more importantly the south, I'm no stranger to dishes piled high with meat and cheese. But this was like nothing I'd ever tasted before. Well, it was my 2nd poutine of the week, however the first was not even able to compare to this masterpiece. I washed it all down with a local beer, which was so good I wish I could get it back home. Overall, this place did not disappoint a newcomer like me and I can hopefully make coming back routine in the future.
2	If you're going for the plain poutine (La Classique), you can do better (head to Patati Patata). If you're there for the crazy toppings, I can't help you. But really, if that's what you're going there for, skip the dense, heavy fries and bland gravy - just get the toppings.The portions are large, even for the small. And the cheese curds squeak (if that means something to you), but that hardly makes up for the aforementioned shortcomings. If you can't get the base ingredients of poutine down, why bother at all? No wait is worth that.The best thing about this place is that the staff seem to love it. They were singing and dancing and just having a good time.
5	Poutine is pretty subjective, but this place has my absolute favorite. Very fond of not just the original but the Hawaiian poutine! Love that they're open so late and the atmosphere is cool. Love this place. So Montreal!
4	I would have given this place 5 stars, but they only take Canadian debit cards or cash for payment (no credit cards), and this is not indicated on their website.  Unfortunately, there are no banks nearby, and the ATM machine in the restaurant would not accept our credit cards or American debit cards.  Luckily, we pulled together enough cash to pay for our meal.Visiting Montreal, we were so excited to try poutine here, and the food and service were definitely worth the trek from the Metro and the wait (we waited for over an hour on a Monday night!).  The servers were very polite and happy to deal with our questions about the food because of food allergies.Between four of us, we tried La Classique (with vegetarian gravy) and La Taquise.  We preferred the latter - the Mexican toppings really made the dish more interesting.  I would have liked to try more variations, but the portions are generous, and poutine itself is very filling!  I'm glad that we got a chance to try poutine at such a fun and friendly place. :)
3	Of course, when you're in Canada, you must stuff yourself with some artery-cloggingly good poutine. My bf and I decided to share a small plate of poutine cause we had planned an itinerary around food and didn't want to ruin our appetite for other stuff with too much poutine. We ordered La Matty, which was poutine topped with "bacon, poivrons, champignons, et oignons" (bacon, peppers, mushrooms, and onions). My bf had had poutine before; I hadn't. He said it was great poutine so I'll have to trust him on that. I just thought it was great heart-attack food in general! My only two complaints are that the fries were a bit too soggy and there wasn't enough bacon. I was expecting crunchier fries; even though they're being doused in gravy, it doesn't mean the fries need to be wilted. Then again, this could be the way Canadians like their fries. Coming from the States, I like my fries with some integrity of crisp. I was also hoping the gravy would have more of a kick; Instead, it was a bit watered down and unflavorful. But, again, maybe I'm just used to American gravy, which can sometimes be overseasoned. Overall, it was still a good plate of poutine.My bf also ordered a shepherd's pie and two beers: First, the house special, La Banquise, which was too light for his tastes (so I took it instead), and then a L'Ecossaise, a reddish brown beer with hints of caramel and toffee which sat well with him. The shepherd's pie was only ok, nothing exceptional.Food: 3.5/5 -- good, though I wish the fries were crispier, the gravy more seasoned, and the bacon more plentiful (then again, these may just be US preferences)Service: 4/5 -- great! welcoming, friendly, attentiveAtmosphere: 3/5 -- clean, open, brightly-colored space, though a bit noisyOverall: 3/5 -- good
5	oh. my! GOD! THIS ISN'T A RESTAURANT IT'S A COVEN OF FRENCH FRY SORCERERS!Be me, in Montreal.Touristing, don't know where to go. Want "REAL" poutine. See article online, Montrealers saying dis be la place d'etre. Go.Inside looks like Friendly Toast. Feel at home. Don't have to speak Francais. Order poutine with hot dogs.#Klassy Wait 20 minutes.Receive oval bowl with all the nice, transcendent delight of heavenand all the naughty of playing Russian Roulette with your pulmonary stuff.Hot dogs sliced on a slant so you know they ain't playin.Dem cheese curds be squeaky like whaaat. Aww yeah, gravy-soaked fried potatoes.Get in me. Every bite. Oh mah gad. Descend past the top layer, find the ratios of everything hold even to the nuclear center of the gravy-lubed haystack.Try.Can't.Can't even. Eat until you feel Uncle Porkflaps-full.Go and sit in the park not saying a word for 90 minutes while your body catches up.Don't eat poutine the rest of the visit.
3	Went today, a Saturday at 7PM, waited 30 min outside which was fair given the huge line up.Expect lots of noise and no service (order extra water if you drink a lot).My biggest disappointment is that the cheese curds in my poutine didn't melt at all, for a 11$ poutine, I mean... Ok, portions are great but still, the cheese doesn't melt!Onion rings were great though.PS. Credit cards aren't accepted!
3	So here's the thing, the best part about La Banquise is not the actual resto, but grabbing poutine to go, a couple of beers at the dep next door, and then heading to Parc LaFontaine. I am NO poutine expert, by any means. Everyone (clearly!) has their own (very strong!) feelings about poutine. Mine aren't that strong. But I will say, I found the gravy at La Banquise to be somewhat lacking. It was sort of grease, very similar to what you have at a Saint Hubert. But I've had poutine before in totally nondescript corner diners (like Le Fameux on Saint-Denis/Mont-Royal) where the gravy is actually part of the dish, not just a gel to hold the fries to curds to the fries, gravy with the faintest hint of nutmeg and plenty of pepper, gravy without too much salt, gravy you remember. I've also had crispier fries. Fries that don't sink under the weight of delicious gravy and squeaky melting cheese curds...So, the fact that you can get better poutine in random diners, better than this place that specializes in poutine, is kind of a draw back.HOWEVER, we went here because we had a good friend in town and it is ABSOLUTELY something you should do if you or someone you love is visiting Montreal. It's a thing. You stand in line, you marvel at the menu (what! you can get poutine with guac on top! what!) you wait for your order, you get sassed by the sort of unfriendly staff, you look at other people's plates (whaaa! that girl has a corndog on top of her poutine!) and you look at your own plate (how the heck am I going to eat all of this...?) you feel victoriously stuffed and spend the rest of the week biking around the city and eating salad, and it's just a thing that you have to do.So do it. You may not fall in love with poutine, but it's a lot of fun.
5	Don't remember the exact name of the poutine, but it had sausages, swiss cheese, onions, and tomatoes.  Everything was nicely balanced and you can really taste the homemade gravy.  Also ordered a side salad that had surprisingly fresh ingredients.  Need one of these in Toronto for sure.
4	The location is funky, across the Police station.  The place packs locals as a revolving door, so get there early... They don't take credit cards, so bring cash - US or Canadian... As for Poutin... MORE CHOICES THAN YOU CAN SHAKE A STICK AT... Hearty, greasy, clog-your-arteries richness... a Montreal staple, where the young kids (ok, 20-30 college and young metabolic enhanced professionals) stuff their faces with GUSTO.My son and hub shared a bacon ladden service as they also wiped out the 3/4 remaineder of mine...
5	I have to give this place 5 stars! I really do enjoy a good poutine, I'm talking about a regular cheese curd and gravy on fries poutine. This place is next level for any poutine lover.When you first walk up and see the line-up, your first though is likely to be, nope... I'm not waiting in this line-up for a poutine. It was definitely my first thought but the group I was with was not in the mood to relocate and I'm grateful. Apparently there is always a line so don't walk away! So this one hour looking line actually moved quick, we actually got a table in close to 20 minutes. Not bad, and they give you menus as you wait to you can decide on a meal.... so many choices.I ended up getting a poutine called La Trois Viande, which as the name suggests is a poutine covered in 3 different meat (how could I not?). Ground beef, bacon, and pepperoni!!! I washed it down with a new beer for me called La Block. Both delicious. My group shared a Cesar salad and that was also insanely good. I strongly encourage any poutine lover or anyone visiting montreal to hit this place up. I will be back when I'm in Montreal next.
5	I've done the Chicago dogs, the Charelston fried chicken, the Texas tacos, and many a New York slice of za, but this poutine may be one of the greatest food trademarks I have ever tasted. Fries, gravy, and cheese curds (plus exotic topping improv including meat and peppers) made the most delicious dinner after a day of traversing the city - knocking me off my very sore feet.At first thought, you would think it's too easy: lard on top of lard under lard = tasty. But, it really is so much more. Any nacho jockey can throw batches of saturated fats together in a grease sauce and call it a specialty. But, at risk of sounding like a pretentious foodie, the taste is actually rather complex: smokey and salty, crispy and saucy, and oh so cheesy. If you go to Montreal and miss this place, you should be forced to donate the $10 that you would've spent to a charity and provide someone else with the kind of happiness you willfully neglected.
4	A bit noisy and probably best for a younger clientele - out door patio no alcohol allowed.   Arrived around 6:05PM and no line ups.  If it was less noisy we can come back ... teenage son wants to come back though LOL.
5	Poutine has become something of an art here. And they did not let me down. Came here after a night out with friends and the lines were stupid long but well worth the wait.There are two lines late at night: eat-in or take-out. Got in the take out and it moved pretty slow but not as slow as eat-in. The menu is out of control. There are so many different kinds of poutine to choose from. Went with the Elvis. Ground beef, peppers, mushrooms and asked for jalapenos. When i got my order the plate was so hefty. Didn't think a large would be that large considering other things I've seen in Montreal. The flavors were amazing. The gravy was nice and rich and not too salty. The fries held their own and the cheese was above average. The ground beef seasoned just right and there was a great balance of vegetables and just the right amount of jalapenos to make it spicy but not overbearing.So good I ate it in the park next to it in the rain under a tree. The next time I go to Montreal this is a must stop for me.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Before my celiac diagnosis I would come a few times a month to assuage my hunger.  The food is hot, delicious, and despite the line up and crazy amount of traffic, service is reasonable. However, I stopped visiting for a while because I found out that I have celiac disease, which means no poutine sauce.However, fear no more!  The vegomane sauce (vegan poutine sauce) is now gluten free!  You need to be very specific with your waiter to ensure you do not get a vegomane poutine (unless daiya dairy free cheese is your forte) but celiacs and gluten intolerant people can now rejoice again!  Fries are made in a dedicated deep fryer.  I would be leery of their add on ingredients however, as I think they fry everything on the same surface.ENJOY!
2	Well, I guess poutine is not my thing... at least, Resto La Banquise's take on poutine wasn't. I know there are lots of foreigners and locals alike who love and swear by this restaurant, but I'm just not a fan.My thoughts on the regular poutine: I wasn't a fan of the gravy. I thought it was bland and watery. Combined with the fries, the poutine was very heavy and soggy. I think it would have been better paired with fries that could withstand the gravy so it won't turn out gloppy. I agree with another reviewer: the poutine had some sort of strange sweetness (not sure if this was the combination of the ingredients, or just one ingredient). Portion sizes were massive. We asked the waitress for her recommendation on portion sizes, and she thought that between two people, we'd be able to eat a small poutine (for a meal) and regular sized poutine to share, plus other food. My boyfriend ended up eating his small size, but we barely made a dent in the regular size. For sure, a regular size would be able to be shared with at least three people.I did enjoy my Montreal style hot dog though, a "steamie" on a buttered and toasted hot dog roll.The line was pretty long to get seated but it moved. Around dinner time, we managed to stay in line for about 30 minutes. We opted to sit outside in the patio, where we were serenaded by some early 2000's pop and hip-hop music! Totally geared towards the younger crowd. For foreigners: they only take local Canadian cards (No Mastercard/Visa), so cash is best.Hopefully my next trip into Montreal I'll find another poutine place to try out.
3	We had la reggae and la Matty. The poutines we had were amazing! Best we ever had so far. We got takeout because we waited in line forever to be seated when we went in a group of 5 but they let the group of 5 after us seated before us. Why?! That's fine, we then got seated and was left there for 20 mins and nobody served us so we got up and ordered takeout. It sucks when a place's food is so amazing but the service is poor. I understand it's a 24/hr place and is constantly busy but at least make an effort in training and hiring the proper servers. This place would have so much more potential if their service improved. I will consider returning for takeout but def. not dining in.
5	This place is Poutine Heaven, it's very difficult to consider anyone not absolutely loving the incredible selection of Poutine at this restaurant, simply incredible!
1	It was our first time trying poutine. It was also our last time. So much hype about poutine and everytone said go to la banquise. but it was soggy french fries covered in a sweetish gravy with salty cheese curds. HUH? Should we have been plastered to appreciate this novelty? Such a bummer, we paid our bill and left. Sadly, the most disappointing part of Montreal trip.
4	DELICIOUS POUTINE but share it!!  My boyfriend and I ordered two regular Poutines.  They might look small but have in mind you're eating starch and carbs and soon after a few bites (very soon) you wouldn't want more Poutine in a while as your stomach will be painfully full. So share one plate with another person, you won't be able to finish it yourself.
4	We never miss a trip here whenever we are "north of the border". I recommend the smoked meat poutine. My husband gets the T-Rex (meat toppings galore!).
1	Hey, go ahead and ask me why I hate the poutine at Resto La Banquise?  Well, that's a very good question.  Let's go over the basics of Poutine.  It's fries served with a brown gravy and topped with cheese curds.  Yeah, it doesn't make you friends amongst Cardiologists, I have heard Quebecois refer to it jokingly as "Montcalm's revenge", but hey, sex is both funny and kinda disgusting, but who doesn't love getting it on, right?  Right. Poutine is the culinary equivalent of dirty itchy smelly sex that leaves you sweaty all over...so bad and oh so good.  Anyways, In order for poutine to be dirty sex satisfying, a competent establishment should meet several criteria for quality in such a simple (but by no means easy) product:  a) The fries must be crisp on the outside, savory and soft with some moistness on the inside, and not too thin so it'll hold up to an onslaught of gravy.  It should also be salted so it tastes good by itselfb) The gravy should be hot, flavorful and thick, so it'll provide a lipsmacking base of umami.  A good gravy reminds you of a good consomme...you can sip it by itself.c) The cheese curds should be room temperature, or at least it should not be cold.  It should squeak with milky freshness when you bite it.  It should be an ideal vehicle for absorbing and retaining the gravy flavors, and the population numerous enough to act as a meat-like counterpoint to the soft, crisp but bland potatoes.d) All 3 ingredients should form a sublime union, the resultant product a greater sum of its parts.  It should be both crisp and soft, potatoey-and-gravy-meaty, refreshingly cheesy - Quebec cheese curds, Nova Scotia/Ontario potatoes, and their confederation in a good, salty and flavorful, very warm gravy, enough to warm you up on a cool day.And Resto La Banquise...failed on all counts.  Let's start with the potatoes - thinnish potatoes that are inexplicably sweet (did they put sugar in there?  WHAT WERE THEY THINKING), which does not crisp up at all.   There's the gravy - a bit too thin, not much flavor, does not taste good by itself, and in the case of my serving of La Classique?  It was barely lukewarm.  The cheese?  Cool/cold - feels like they just took it out of the fridge.  It's supposed to be returned to room temperature prior to serving so it'll not cool down the gravy/fries when you put it in.  On top of that, it's not an entirely generous portion of it to mingle well with the fries and gravy to make it work.  I wonder if the line cooks preparing poutine hates its very existence?  How else would you explain adding all those crazy toppings onto it to make it taste good to the obvious out-of-towners?I am disappointed by this supposed landmark, a pretender to the pantheon of culinary achievement, one that does not hold up to scrutiny.  The ingredients of greatness are probably there (the steamie hot dogs from Lesters were delicious, the seating is comfortable and the service is passably good), but their poutine needs work.Do not make limp fries, add sugar, dump pieces of cheese curds straight from the fridge, pour weak gravy on it and serve it lukewarm.  That's like asking the guys at Wilensky's to cut the sandwich, for the counterman at Schwartzs to cut the viande fumee thin and lean, or for the staff at Le Centre Bell to hoist a Bruins flag.  You don't go to St. Viateurs and ask for them to make a salty doughy bagel. You don't do stuff like that in Montreal and expect to get away with it.I suppose you want a good alternative for Poutine - okay, here's my suggestion: Patati Patata on Rue Rachel and Rue St. Laurent - there's a reason why they are constantly busy.  They have higher turnover, they also show their Poutine respect by making the fries crisper, the gravy thicker/more flavorful, and their cheese curds are not as cold.  The amount of curds were well balanced and the results blend better into the mix.  This is not to say that their poutine is the best, but they are definitely better.  Rotisserie Romado on Rue Rachel and Rue Buillion will do a good version as well, with lots of crispy salty fries, lots of fresh curds, and their gravy is actually spicy.  Damn the lines and order some with your chicken, and get some Sumol or Guarana.  As for this place?  I don't know.  I guess you should try it just to see how bad Poutine could be, just so you can hanker for much better ones somewhere else.
5	Come on.... Big deal there's a line up regardless what time you go! It's some of the best freaking poutine ever. ESPECIALLY at 4am!! AND they gave me hotdogs AND bacon in my poutine.. I almost proposed to my poutine.
5	Fantastic poutine. Great size for sharing (the large.) I got the 'La Taquise' poutine and it was sooooo good! The best I've had in Montreal! They are open 24 hours which is a blessing and a curse in my book. And to my vegetarian/vegan friends: they have vegetarian sauce and vegan cheese for an additional cost!
4	Docking one star for the fact that after a certain hour they only accept cash, and half the time the on site ATM refuses to dispense cash. I usually would deduct more than that but resto makes up for that by being open and willing to provide poutine all day and all night.    The poutine was amazing, the curds were just sqeeaky enough. The fires were crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside. This really is the perfect post bar drunk food. It was so good we had poutine from here three times during our week long visit.     I had the poutine savoyarde au poivre, the traditional poutine and a poutine with chicken and bacon. Each variety was better than the last and made my stomach very happy. The beer selection features beers made in Canada, many of which I had never seen or heard of before. It was exactly what I wanted. I love immersing myself fully into the culture of those around me when traveling. I loved the beers so much, I just wish I could find some of these small breweries beers here in LA.    The service was awesome, even when I mispronounced au poivre and the waitress thought I had said avec pee. Which made us all laugh quite a bit. Hey I never get to speak french at home, so I'm a bit rusty when trying to keep up with the locals. I wish there was a poutine place close to home, hint hint restauranteurs of Los Angeles.    The next time I'm in Montreal I will be stopping in here for a beer and a large plate of poutine, but don't even think about asking me to share, that is not going to happen.
4	If you want to have a heart attack come here. This place was very good with tons of variety in poutine. Open 24 hours, beer, nothing else is needed! Friendly servers and prompt service with reasonable prices make it a Must try for the classic Quebec dish.
5	Have I really never reviewed this place? It's the prototypical poutine joint. Open 24/7, long line even late at night. Probably the second best poutine in the city (behind the now-renovated AA in St. Henri), and one of the widest selections of toppings for any such place. The one with the merguez is probably the best, although if it's your first poutine, just go classic. Service is good, prices are on the high end but not insane, and they have a good selection of local beer to boot. It's the ideal place for visitors and rookies, and it's still pretty good for locals.
5	Amazing place. I have been here both for breakfast and dinner. First, let me start off with the dinner. I had, of course, a poutine. And I had, of course, the T-Rex. Why? Why not! It is a mountain of meat on a poutine! While they do not skimp on the meats, they did skimp a little on the cheese curds. Therefore, you might want to ask for some extra cheese curds. But overall, it is amazing. And yes, the pictures posted on Yelp are a true interpretation on how insanely over-the-top their poutines are!But one of the real gems of this place is their breakfast. Just a warning, if you go on the weekend, they don't start serving breakfast until 7 AM (hard for us early birds, and no, I am not 87 years old). Just like their poutine, their breakfast is over-the-top as well as reasonably priced. I had three eggs, three strips of bacon, two sausage links, toast, French toast, homefries and some type of spread that is big here in Quebec (have no idea what it is called), with a coffee and orange juice for only $12 total. And, again, the portions are huge. While everything was great with the breakfast, I recommend the French toast.I highly recommend La Banquise for either breakfast or dinner. You leave happy...and full!
3	Good for a late night poutine - especially if you're taking out of town-ers.
4	La Banquise has good poutine. 'The bacon'  is an upgrade from the classic poutine. The portions are huge, order the small. Be prepared for a line up but don't worry because staff are working fast and will sit you soon. They have local brews as well to enjoy. This is a very popular spot with cabs often parked out front waiting to take you to your next destination. One less star because the server didn't see us seated amongst the sea of people and we had to wait and seek her attention.
3	OK poutine.  We were intrigued by all of the toppings choices, but were disappointed with the results.  Would have been better if the veggies were cooked/sauteed instead of dumped on raw.  Very hipster atmosphere- crowded with hand painted tables practically on top of each other and good prices.  However, we didn't think it was worth the line out the door and have had better poutine.
4	Whenever I have friends coming to town from out of the province, I bring them to La Banquise. This place is open 24/7 and is almost always jam packed. The few times I went, there were always a line so nowadays I just make my life easier and order a take-out. It's at least twice as fast, I get to avoid the noisy and overcrowded tables, and the poutines are just as generous.The portions are huuuge. The poutines are very rich with gravy and the portion of cheese and meat on each one is more than worth the price. The fries are nothing spectacular but they were also excellent. I would recommend being a bit adventurous and wander outside the Classic for some of their more exotic offerings since that's what they're known for.
3	Pretty good poutine. Cheese curds were a bit too chewy, but otherwise nice. Lots of flavor choices, quite heavy. Definitely preferred Comptoir 21, though.
5	One of the rare times I ate poutine during the daytime. This is a place where hipsters are bearable. The special gravy for the classic version is quite a good thing. Well worth the trip...
4	My very first experience with poutine, and I am hooked!  I will say that I liked the original better than the one with bacon (which is unheard of, for me), but there you have it.  I'm pretty lucky that I don't live anywhere near here.  Cash Only.
4	This was surprisingly good!! Not too heavy (until we ordered a second poutine).. I enjoyed La B.O.M (bacon, onion, merguez sausage) - love the little bits of flavorful sausage and how it all tied together with the melting cheese curds and gravy sauce. We also had La Miam (ground beef, onion, tomato, merguez sausage, swiss cheese) which was heavier than the first and the tomatoes didn't do much as the pieces were too large. Also had a bit of Hamburger Steak - not bad. There was a long wait when I arrived at lunchtime but they were all just waiting for take-out, so make sure to ask & check. The only downside is they charge mandatory 15% tips.
4	Yum! First time having poutine and it was delicious! We ordered two larges that was enough to share for 3 people. I would recommend getting two dishes that are completely different from each other because they tend to start tasting the same after awhile! You may want to get a coke or some kind of soda to wash down all that fat that you're eating... delicious fat though! We just had water and while it helped, I don't think it did the job.I can't remember which two poutines we had, but I'd say any one of them are good. We got the regular/traditional one and one that had all this meat. The meat one was a bit overbearing because the sausages were huge and very filling. I'd recommend something lighter if you're small like I am and you're sharing just to try it for the first time.Definitely get here early because a line sure does build up quickly! We parked on the streets in the neighborhood ... not sure where else to park!
4	Minus one star only for the funky interior, but the sweet potato burrito is pretty darned good!  The outside was super-crispy, but it held together. Very tasty!The music for mid-week mid-day lunch is perfect: good music, decent volume so you can both hear the music and whoever you're eating with!The staff (or was he an owner/partner?) was engaged and into his work. He explained that the trick is to get the outside crispy whole keeping the tortilla together: timing.Enjoy!
4	Location: On the Plateau. The closest subway is probably Mont-Royal, street parking available (metered). But, if like me you prefer to burn off the calories BEFORE you stuff your face, I suggest walking from Point A to Point B. The place: La Banquise is of a decent size but it's not extra-large and seating is a little cramped. Be prepared for someone's arse to accidentally meet your face. Also, keep in mind that you're not going for the decor, which may or may not remind you of the 80s or 90s (and HEY - how about those Backstreet Boys in the background?!). When we got there, we didn't have to wait for a table, which is rarity in these parts. Of course, we chose a random time of day to get our poutine on (around 2pm).The goods: I wasn't feeling adventurous when I went so I got the Classic. My friend opted for the chicken and peas with vegan cheese. I'm aware of the Banquise's fab reputation, however though very good, I can't say I was blown away by my poutine. Did I enjoy it? Yes I did. The fries were good, the sauce was good - it could have used a little more cheese. I was pretty satisfied with my overall experience but if I were given a choice between La Belle Province and La Banquise, it would be a tough call between the two. All of that said, they ARE the poutine specialist and they offer a variety of crazy options so you should definitely check'em out. Service: Friendly.Price point: I think the small Classic was about $8.
4	This was recommended to me by three locals, who all said this had excellent poutine, and one of the best in the city. I ordered the Le Classique, which is just the fries, gravy, and cheese curds. It seems a bit expensive to me: $6.95 for a plate of fries, gravy and cheese? It seems like it would cost them $0.50 to make something like this, but I'm not a poutine expert, nor have I eaten it a lot.To me, the poutine was just okay. The potatoes tasted sweet to me, the gravy was a bit runny and the cheese curds were kind of hard (I expected them to be softer and more melted). This was only my second time ever eating poutine, so you can take my review with a grain of salt. The fries were crispy, which was good, because soggy fries are never a good thing.My friend got the poutine with the smoked meat ($9.15) -- also pricey in my opinion, but she said it was the best poutine she had ever had.While I liked my poutine, I think there's probably still better elsewhere and I'll be on the hunt for it next time I return to Montreal.  I would still come back here and try the other flavors; best to come with 3+ people so that you can share different flavors. This place opens 24/7 which is pretty amazing, as this would be perfect drunk food. Cash only.
4	Poutine was very good, tasty and good quality ingredients it seemed. The la Rachel was delicious, especially after adding the smoked meat. The grande is a perfect size to comfortably share between two people. The regular is great for a single person. The gravy used has tasty and not too salty. Our table also ordered the la boogalu and the la Maty, which were enjoyed thoroughly. The pulled pork on the boogalu had great flavor. Overall we were very pleased!
5	This (their Poutine) is one of the best things I have ever eaten in my entire life. I've been to about a dozen countries...
5	Poutine!Is this a UNESCO World Heritage site?It's a miracle they limit themselves to acting as a poutine Mecca with only this one location.In preparing to visit Montreal I had researched poutine and encountered La Banquise in the Fodor's guide, on numerous blogs, and on Yelp. However it was the reco from my Montrealer tour guide that sealed the deal for me setting on La Banquise as a destination.I ordered and recommend Le Miam which has ground beef and merguez sausage along with the classic gravy. However I kind of wish I tried the classic or T-Rex. If you are visiting its worth the wait for a manger (eat in) to drum up your anticipation, however it is much (much, much) quicker to order it a emporter (to go). There are two (2) separate lines. The day we went the a manger line was 15 minutes wait outside to enter the 15-20 minute wait inside to get a table. The emporter line allowed you to walk immediately up to the register.I've only known about poutine for 5 or 6 years. Must have been living under a culinary rock. Tried it for the first time in Canada on trip to Toronto in 2010. I think a few restaurants have put it on the menu I'm the U.S. However nothing previous compares to my experience at La Banquise.
5	We got the tip from a local that the best poutine in town was here. She was so right! A bit of a wait in some bitter, bitter cold was well worth it. The food is amazing and the combinations all sound so appetizing. We also loved Poutineville, but this place is far better.
5	We showed up here at 7pm on new years day, when nearly everything else in Montreal was closed.  We got in the outside line to eat inside the restaurant, but after 15 minutes of waiting, we realized the line was probably at least 90 minutes.  *People were waiting 90 minutes outside on a freezing cold night*.  This is a good sign for the quality of food.At that point I noticed that people were able to walk in and place to-go orders very quickly - and there were cabs waiting out front.  We decided with our hunger, our best option was to order to go and cab home.  Surprisingly, the Poutine stands up very well even when ordered to go and suffering a 10 minute cab ride.  I got a poutine with sausage, banana peppers and tabasco sauce, and it was fantastic.  The three keys of Poutine (gravy, fries and cheese curd) were all perfectly prepared and very high quality.  Prices are very reasonable.  Even the small size was too much food for a meal for one.Every good food city has a few places that are shockingly good for what they are, La Banquise Poutine is one of these places for Montreal.
5	Waited about an hour in line to dine in and it was so worth it. Got the Boogalou - pulled pork, coleslaw and sour cream poutine. I was starving while waiting in line so I got the large. I barely made a dent in it before taking the rest back to the hotel to munch on throughout the night. This was the best poutine I've ever had. Going to grab some takeout to accompany me on the ride home.
5	We came here on New Years day to find an extremely long line, so we decided to return today. It was my second time here and I was not disappointed. Today we came around 11:30 AM and there was no line up. The food was amazing and came to us in good time. Their fries are crispy and delicious and really unlike anything I've had before. Veggies were cooked perfectly and the cheese curds and gravy were like a little slice of heaven. We ordered the regular size poutine and I found the portions to be quite large, but I am certainly not complaining about that since they were able to wrap up whatever you don't finish. Perfect food if you're hungover and very reasonably priced.Staff were very friendly and they all spoke English which was helpful for someone who speaks no French. I was pleased with how attentive the staff were - I never had to wait for water because they were always coming around with pitchers of water to fill us up if we were running low. Will definitely be returning next year!
