5	I stopped by and saw the interior in progress.  This place looks great!
5	I was able to go to the soft opening and this place is fantastic! It is a vintage style tiki bar with some great modern tiki art on the walls.  I didn't have many drinks, but I sampled some great ones my friends were having.  I can't wait until December 4 , when it is open  24/7 for good!
5	This bar symbolizes the old classic type of Vegas the way Vegas should be and the decor in this place is amazing! it's TIKI HEAVEN! Plus this place makes the best damn drinks in VEGAS, and the drinks are Dangerously strong and extremely smooth and tasty. Just check out some of the drinks on there website and just tell me you are not hooked http://www.frankiestikiroom.com/drinks.html BEST BAR IN VEGAS! I know a ton of people who have been here already for the grand opening and heard nothing but great things, I've been watching the updates about the building and construction and finally the opening of this place from the owner who posts on Tiki central web forum for awhile now. This place is FINALLY OPEN NOW and it's open 24/7!!!! Hopefully I can make it out to it soon.
5	When I was but a wee child my father used to force me to go to the Enchanted Tiki Room every time we went to Disneyland. It isn't that I didn't love Disneyland, or my dear father, but I really never understood the draw of sitting in a confined space and watching fake singing birds and flowers. The Tiki Room line was always long and it was always sort of oddly humid...perhaps both from the sticky, sweaty tourists and some Disney created faux tropical magic mist. The only good thing was that I would always get dole whip, and dole whip rocks! But then you would go inside and be forced to sit next to more of the sticky, sweaty, tourists...and you are squeezed in for maximum occupancy so you are practically in people's laps. The show would finally start and the birds would sing and the flowers sway and all you could really hear was the loud clacking of the animatronic mouths and perhaps the off-key singing of some Disney fanatic next to you who has been to the Tiki Room 500 times and knows all the words, both songs and dialogue. So, when I became old enough to refuse, I stopped going to the Enchanted Tiki Room.So after this childhood tiki trauma one would understandably think that I would be 100% anti-tiki. But that is not the case, because as I got older I realized what is missing from Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room...Booze! That's right delicious alcoholic tiki drinks in tiki glasses garnished with tropical fruit and a marachino cherry. If I had had booze in addition to my dole whip perhaps Jose the singing bird in a sombrero would have been a bit more tolerable. Perhaps that Disney fanatic singing along next to me and having a great time was completely boozed up and I was too young to realize.I have recently found my perfect enchanted tiki room complete with hand carved tikis, amazing booze filled tiki drinks, fantastic bartenders, a great juke box, and no annoying swaying flowers or singing birds...it's Frankie's Tiki Room! Located in a non-descript building in a non-descript part of town, you pass through the magical red door into a veritable tiki paradise. The room is appropriately dark and fantastically tiki. I walked in from bright sunlight, was completely blind, and had to be led to the bar by the lovely voice of our bartender Allison. Allison is super cool and can talk tiki with the best of them. She made me some amazing boozy tiki concoctions. I had the Tiki Bandit, Kahiki Kai, Lava Letch, and a seriously superior Zombie. Let me tell you, after all of those tiki drinks I didn't see any singing birds or swaying flowers but I swear one of those wooden tikis was talking to me...and he did sound a little like Jose...no sombrero though. He was kind of hot in that wooden tiki kind of way, ya know what I'm saying? No really, the big tiki by the door has a tiki "pee pee" and if you rub it the fog machine goes on. See, I told you this place was cool!They have a menu of signature tiki drinks, familiar tiki drinks, or they can make you just about anything you want. They also have some amazing signature tiki mugs (that go along with the tiki drinks) for sale...apparently they are selling like gangbusters to the tiki collector. Happy Hour is everyday from 10 am -6 pm.So for those of you who hate Disney's Enchanted Tike Room but love drinking delicious tiki drinks, or perhaps you just love to rub a wooden tiki "pee pee,"  Frankie's Tiki Room is the place for you.
5	Love this place, it's off the strip,  amazing interior...great to get away from all the touristy crap on the main drag. You must see and must have a drink here!!
4	We ended up here after dinner. We wanted a bar with lots of personality. This bar is so swank and cheesey. The decor is not halfway tiki; it is fully committed to the wonderful gaud of tiki. The wals are covered with tiki prints and bamboo. There are glass bouys converted into lamps and puffer fish converted into lamps hanging from the ceiling, providing a soft low light. There's sitting space at the bar, where you can play video poker. There's a small elevated area for three parties of four-ish. There's also a table area in the middle of the floor, but the tables and chairs are like for tiny people. The seats are like tree stumps with upright back rests. Only really narrow-assed people can sit on those things. The specialty tiki drinks are all $8 unless you want the souvenir mug, then its $20. The bathrooms are disappointingly normal. There bathroom stalls are wall papered with old south Pacific island inspired music albums and posters. But otherwise austere. The crowd that goes to Frankie's are all arty in some way. There were a couple girls dressed like they were out of Grease and some beatnik-looking guys. And we even saw a prominent artist hanging out at the bar. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I love this little hole in the wall bar. For every $20 or so you put in the video poker machine the pleasant bartender will serve you another tasty drink. My fiance and I both love "girly" drinks (yup, I said it) and have had nothing but great experiences with all the tasty concoctions here. It's awesome because all the drinks come rated between 1-5 skulls so you know what you're getting into! My friends tried the "Zombie" and wow.. there's a reason there are 5 skull symbols under that one! Strong, but oh so delicious.
5	What can I say.  It's definitely a place to chill away from all the hoopla from the strip.  They've got a large amount of specialty drinks to choose from and the bartender we had was generous enough on the alcohol. Dude, I even saw some guy drinking a San Miguel beer (The Filipino staple). Wha??  This is the last place I would think to see brew from my culture. That was pretty cool.Me and my buddies were all loud in the place, not trying to be obnoxious but enjoying our time there.  Everyone we met there was awesome and even the bouncer Jeff was good enough to chat with us about old cartoons. Haha! We had a blast!What's even better are the prices of the drinks.  Man, I swear we drank so much up in there and only spent about 60 bucks!!!!  That same amount in the big casinos will get you about 6 drinks that are not as stiff and that's not including tip!!!! Check out this place and bring some friends.
5	Lord, I love this place! I was planning a trip out to Vegas to meet an old friend, and I found Frankie's on Yelp (a tip of the hat to everyone who reviewed this tavern). I was looking for something different out of this trip (when you live in Los Angeles you have *w a a a y* too many opportunities to venture across the Mojave to get hustled out of your hard earned dough-re-me, and waking up to the harsh desert morning light streaming around the curtains of your cramped Strip "deluxe" hotel room with no money in your pockets, stale tobacco stench in your hair, slot-chimes ringing in your ears, and the hangover dwarfs pickaxing their way through your cranium in proper Snow White style starts to make you feel a little too much like Bill Murray in "Groundhog Day") so Frankie's seemed the way to go for a somewhat different Vegas vibe. Drove out from L.A. last Saturday afternoon with my friend Rob, checked into my hotel and went out searching for something to eat while we were waiting for our friend Ben to get done seeing a show at Luxor with his wife. We met Ben at Bill's Gamblin' Hall (where I quickly won and promptly lost back $200 playing video poker before he got there) at about 10:00, and I immediately insisted that we grab a cab to Frankie's. Man, what a place! The joint was packed when we first got there, so I grabbed the only chair at the bar (not to deny my friends a seat, but only so I could lose more money at video poker while I ordered drinks for the crew). The smiling and most congenial bartender (pardon me if I can't remember his name, thirty skulls later (more on which, below)) promptly took our order for a round of Zombies. After receiving our drinks and taking a few sips we universally proclaimed them the best drink deal in Vegas: $8 for a drink of that size and strength is extraordinarily reasonable, considering the difficulty of getting regularly comped for drinks in Sin City nowadays. After another round of Zombies we finally spotted and moved to an empty table next to the Shag Secret Vice Meter (again, I think that's what it's called, and mine ended up being Television (how did it know?), but thirty skulls later I'm not adamant about much). I was very impressed by the heft of the stools which, while not the most comfortable for larger gents (our group ranged in size from 6'2" to 6'9") were most impressively carved from solid palm trunks and weighed, at the least, fifty pounds apiece. After our third round I told Ben that I would try to find some Sinatra on the jukebox. Little did I know that the selections included nothing but original and atomic surf rock. Not that this is a bad thing: after making several Dick Dale and Ventures selections I reflected that any other type of music would definitely detract from the overall experience. I must say that the crowd seemed a sociable and diverse bunch. I've never seen so many Betty Page hairdos outside of a Reverend Horton Heat concert. While ordering more cocktails I had a nice chat with a local at the bar who had nothing but praise about the place. If I had my druthers, I would wish that the establishment was a little bit larger and served something to nosh on. But if it were larger it wouldn't feel like a lounge, and if they served food the patrons could not smoke, and that would take away from the atmosphere. All in all, I love virtually everything about Frankie's (save that it is not in the South Bay and I am forced therefore to travel hundreds of miles to enjoy their Fink Bombs (my favorite Frankie's cocktail, so far)) and have been recommending it to everyone who will listen since I've returned home. But, at least, I brought back memories and a T-shirt. Final tally: Me: 3 Zombies, 2 Fink Bombs, 1 Bender Ender Ben: 3 Zombies, 1 Fink Bomb, 1 Bender Ender, 1 Bearded Clam Rob: 2 Zombies and 2 Bearded Clams This place is truly, truly Tiki with a capital "T". If you appreciate bamboo covered walls, blow fish lamps, murky lighting, impressively carved tikis , friendly staff, happening patrons and drinks that will leave you fit-to-be-shanghaied, Frankie's is the spot. Just go.
5	In true Vegas style, Frankie's is open 24 hours, so were able to just drop in on a Monday afternoon. It's off-Strip and north of the Strat so you'll need a car or savvy cab driver, but it's well worth seeking out.Stepping in from the bleached-out daylight, we could not see a thing and had to stumble around for a few minutes until our eyes adjusted to the darkness. The space is a smorgasbord of art, carvings and design features from an all-star roster of tiki artists. In the corner is a "Vice Tester" machine designed by Shag that was very amusing. I had the Tiki Bandit, a potent concoction of pineapple rum, 151, apricot brandy and blue curacao, and it was absolutely delicious. It was like an epiphany--Wow, this is what a well-mixed drink is supposed to taste like! The drink's eight bucks on its own or twenty in the take-home slot machine-shaped mug. How could I resist such cleverness?In short, I loved Frankie's and I can't wait to come back!
4	We spent the afternoon at the driving range and were parched so headed to a tiki lounge for some libations. Upon opening the door we were unable to see as it is a very dark and intriguing bar. We found our seats and eventually our eyes adjusted. The height of tiki-liciousness! We really enjoyed our drinks. We had bearded clams and kahiki kai. We all got the tiki glasses to take home with us on the 1st round. What better addition to your home bar than a tiki glass? Fun videos on the tv's. We enjoyed the movie bits that had a plastic tiki who killed women with his plastic sword! Great drinks, good bartender, all that you could ask for in the desert to take you back to the islands. Only drawback was no kitchen or food. I would have loved some coconut shrimp with my tropical drink. Strong drinks make sure you eat before you go.
5	Once a year our spouses let a group of us visit the fabulous city of Vegas once a year. We loose tons of money, look for new locations that give us something to face-book about for the rest of the year, and simply act like juveniles. Based on a recommendation from a fellow Yelper, we ventured to Frankie's. Fortunately we are a group of guys willing to try adventure. I didn't have much to go on how to describe the ambiance. I regrettably gave them a pitch that it will probably resemble the Rainforest Cafe or something you can find at the various Disney properties. We we surprised when we pulled into a parking lot the size a small post office and a building resembling much the same. We all bellowed with laughter. This was certainly not going to have the pop and sizzle of one of those mega-resorts. And thank goodness to boot. Once we adjusted to the dimly lit theater of goodness, we found a booth in the corner to sit and giggle at being transported to the 50's when the Tiki lounges were all the rage in Hollywood and Laguna Beach. We thought Thurston Howell from Gilligan's Island was about to walk in at any moment. Once our eyes adjusted to the darkness we were given much to feast our senses upon. From the vintage surf tunes being pumped out the jukebox to the classic movie clips viewed from behind the bar to the art hanging from the walls -- one will certainly be in awe. This isn't the type of place you bring someone to woo them on a first date. This is a place where you bring the adventuresome and those with a sense of adventure. We loved the drink selection, sampled nearly all of them, and certainly came home with a GREAT impression of this little jewel of Americana tucked beyond the stranglehold of Downtown. Take a couple hours, enjoy the ambiance, sample the great beverages, and be careful when you exit during the day. You will be in the shock of your life. We will definitely add this to our annual pilgrimage.
5	This is one BADASS MOFO of a bar.  You'd have to go to the Double Down first to get a good idea of what kind of BADASS MOFO bar experience you're in for.  If the Double Down is too rude for you then you won't like the Fink Bomb at Frankie's.  And if you don't like the Fink Bomb at Frankie's then you're probably likely to enjoy one of those plastic "Yard" margaritas over at the Mirage.
5	I do love a good dive bar.  There's a few good ones either on Fremont Street or off Strip, but I think I may have found the "King" of cool dive bars.  And sometimes, a man just needs to fulfill his needs for fruity drinks.The decor is fun from the second you walk in.  The bouncer is friendly, the vibe is cool, the people seem mellow, and the music is all surfer rock.  Loud enough to add some ambiance, but low enough to talk with friends.  Glancing at the monitors, a wide variety of clips play from surfers, beach parties, to an unexpected anime clip of this guy REALLY getting his hump on in his eager quest to deflower his animated lady friend.  I thought what I was seeing was the result of the alcohol kicking in too fast, but nope, I saw what I saw.I tried the "Tiki Bandit", and deciding to go the "ridiculous" route, I ordered its specialized souvenir cup.  The cup is seriously very cool, and worth the extra price.  There are 8 different cups for certain specific drink themes. Watching them pour drinks here is like watching a mad scientist.  They must pour twenty different things in each drink, and I laughed when some of the drink ingredients are simply one tiny drop added of some elixir before going back to their regimen of mass ingredients.  They may add another single drop of some liquid if the drink calls for it.  Drink creation here borders on fascinating.I also tried a "Zombie", and whoo, that one will take the edge off of you real fast.  I was "good" after that one.The only thing that I didn't care for is that it is a smoker-friendly bar.  It's a little rough by the bar if you're not into the habit, but there were some secluded places to sit where it didn't become an issue, so everyone wins.  They also don't serve food.  I was hoping for some cool, bar specific treat to nibble on.I will definitely be going back to this place.  The prices are good, the attitude is fun, and just overall a class act for a "hip" dive bar.Easily recommended.  They really went all out for this place.
3	Dive bar supreme. Small (emphasis on small), smokey and dimly lit. Good place to hang with some friends. Music is a cool mix of swanky surfer tunes, old style. Videos playing on the few tv screens are odd but fit in well with the theme.we started at the bar - very friendly bartenders, Then we moved to the tables and sat on highly uncomfortable carved tiki chairs. From there we moved to the, I guess you could call them benches, whatever they were at least it was comfortable. The drinks seem to reign supreme here, I'm a beer drinker so didn't try any but the people I was with all said they were awesome and they do pour heavy. Take note of the skull rating on the drinks.
4	Came here based on all the reviews and loved it. I love me some dive bars with strong drinks! Although, it's so smokey in there I could only handle it for so long before I had to leave.
5	Frankie's is a tiki dive bar of epic proportions.Upon first glance, I was a bit concerned about Frankie's. From the outside, it doesn't really look like much. And since I went in the afternoon, upon entering the establishment, I was completely freaked out that it was SO DARK I COULDN'T SEE ANYTHING expect what may have been a bar and some TVs. (And those TV's were playing videos of dancing 60's girlies and bands performing. How cool is that?)BUT, once my eyes adjusted to the darkness and I ordered my first cocktail in a rad souvenir volcano(!) I was in love. The interior was covered in bamboo, there was a thatched roof covered area,  blowfish lights on the ceiling and weird, carved chairs that were not comfortable to sit in but were awesome none the less.We have decided that on every trip to Vegas, a visit to Frankie's for strong interestingly flavored cocktails is a necessity, especially since we want to collect all the great ceramic tiki glasses that are available to buy! Themed to the cocktails! One has a naked lady on it! Another has a tiki with dice FOR EYES! How could one resist such an awesome place? The answer is, DON'T! Go! It is worth the short trek off the strip!
4	When the cab pulled up my friends and I got a bit nervous since there were only two cars in the lot and it's not really a location you would walk to.  When we walked in there was only one other group there, besides us.  But the bartender soon put us as ease and made us some kick ass tiki drinks (they literally kicked our ass, but were oh so delicious).  Also, as the night went on, a lot more people (most seemed local) showed up.I loved the authentic decor (authenticated by the tikiphiles sitting across from us), the all tiki music jukebox, and that on their drink menu, drink strength was gaged by the number skulls beneath it.  I would for sure make the trek again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Tiki bar perfection.  Insane drinks (made the way drinks are supposed to be made!), fantastic decor (the owner commissioned all the great art from the artists themselves), friendly bartenders, excellent music, and just a great experience overall. The only bummer is the location (kind of out-of-the-way if you're staying on the Strip) but do not let that dissuade you!  It is soooo worth the trip.  I only wish I could have stayed longer and tried more drinks.  Next time for sure!
5	Absolutely the best tiki drinks I've had, and that includes local SF Bay favorites like the Conga Lounge, Kona Club, Tonga Room, and Forbidden Island, and places on Oahu.  Although one drink on Oahu in particular might be in the same league.  The bartender/owner is serious.  I mean, 80 different kinds of rum serious.  You'll marvel at the selection of rums and liqueurs here.We came on a hot afternoon, and were almost scared off by the someone having some sort of fit around the corner.  I think he was on some sort of non-tiki-related drugs, but in the back of my head I thought "if this is what these drinks are gonna do, I might be in trouble."  We walked into an air conditioned tiki paradise and sat down with some older locals for a drink.  They were having beers, and we learned later on in our trip (at Palomino) that it used to be a regular dive bar and some of the regular patrons still go there.  Great people, though.  One of the best parts of Vegas is the people you meet off the strip at amazing places like this, Double Down, Palomino, etc.I had a Green Gasser followed by a Fink Bomb.  The Gasser will wake you up and get you going, and the Fink Bomb will lure you in with sweet coconut rum and pineapple juice and then hit you with a hurt bomb like one of Tyson's legendary '80s knockout blows.  They rate their drinks in skulls, and if you're driving, weigh about 175, and have a reasonable tolerance, you don't want to go over 10 skulls, trust me.Guys, take my advice and don't go through the bathroom door that has a skull with clearly defined cheekbones on it.  It's so dark inside that you won't notice that the skull has lipstick on until it's too late.  And by then you're committed, because the whole bar may be watching.  You would think that the strong cheekbones were for men, but go to the left.One of the must-stop places on any Vegas trip if you want off-the-strip fun, along with Double Down and Hash House a Go Go.
5	Frankie's, you are my dark little love cave in an otherwise scalding, brutally bright lights/big city town called Vegas. When on vacation, the first order of business is usually  your vacation cocktail-many of which are concoctions made of fruits, secrets and lies, with a fun little umbrella on the side. Frankie's did not disappoint in providing me with such a list.There's nowhere else I'd rather be at 3 in the afternoon when it's 100 degrees out than on a bar stool, watching some crazy beach romp on TV and listening to locals talk about their slots play, what's for dinner and who's doin' who. The bar is impressive: over 80 rums, and they are generous with their pours. The take home mugs are cute, but I don't need some ceramic goddess to tell me I'm good at or enjoy tiki drinks. I'll see them again.It's so dark in there, it takes a while for your eyesight to get adjusted...as least that's one patron's excuse for walking into the ladies room and not the men's. I guess it is hard to notice those big juicy red tiki lips on the door after a few Zombies...They break down the strengths of the drinks by skulls, so if you don't feel like ending up pantsless in a back alley way singing Sinatra by 5pm, stick to the two skull drinks. The Green Gasser was great, and we got to sample of the Pikakae with a delightful orange liquer that is hard to come by. I also braved it and had a Zombie. I lived to tell the tale.Every adventure, we try to find a dive or a locals only hang out to get a real taste of the local scene. Frankie's did not disappoint. Great jukebox, great staff and great patrons. I think we'll be back there one day.
5	Darn good tiki drinks, delicious and ranked by skulls so you don't accidentally imbibe more than you mean to. Since I was driving, I ordered a Lapu Lapu instead of the Zombie I really wanted to try (five skulls just seemed a bit much for the driver). My friend ordered the Mutiny. Both drinks were delicious, $8 each.We brought our own macadamia nuts because Frankie's serves no food. The bartender loved it and said was a really good idea. Now if we just knew why the girls in the old black-and-white movie were working so hard to get the shirtless hunk drunk...were they going to sacrifice him or something? It clearly wasn't for sex as he was poured into bed and the girl stalked off refusing his invitation. Ah, the joys of soundless clips on tv. Other sequences were interesting as well; dancers, soundless bands, fashion shows, and Disney's tiki attraction (who knew?) all accompanied by the bar's surf music and the crowd's chants urging others to chug. We should have visited earlier in the week so we could move around and see more of the decor, but the crowd was kind of fun.The puffer fish lanterns are really cool!And yeah, it is dark inside...so dark that even coming in at night, it will take a while to be able to see. It's nice that way, though.
4	Frankie's is awesome! Their decor is cool and their drinks are GRRREAT. I have a few complaints though... they overserved my boyfriend and he drove me nuts. If someone is clearly stumbling around drunk, please stop serving them! haha I know it wasn't totally their fault, but it kind of was. He had been driking before we got there and they couldn't have known that! We went here on a Saturday night and it was smelling kind of Double Down cigarette stank-ish so it would be nice if they improved their ventilation since this is a smoking bar. My best friends purse had that double down stank smell the next day and so did all my clothes, even my bra!  Also, the chairs at the tables.....they look cool but they are uncomfortable and wobbly as all hell. I like the Fink Bomb and the Zombie.
5	I LOVE this bar. One of my favorite tiki bars, and that is especially impressive considering this place is fairly new. I visited in July with my boyfriend, we came early and talked to the owners for a bit. They were friendly and knowledgeable and they obviously take a great deal of pride in the bar, not only as Frankie's tiki room, but they also know a lot about it's previous incarnations. Drinks: The menu has 20 tiki drinks, 15 of which are original concoctions. Your drink is served in a custom designed tiki mug (mostly great low brow artists like Dirk Vermin, Squid, and Von Franco). All drinks are rated with a skull system for their strength. My favorites are the Lava Letch, Kahiki Kai, and the Three Rum Scum. And you kind of have to order a Bearded Clam JUST BECAUSE.Great jukebox, and video poker set in the bar top. This is one of my favorite places to go in Vegas, and I'm even planning on having a pre-wedding party here next March.EDIT:  Had a pre-wedding party at Frankie's in March a few days before the actual wedding. We got to show a ton of our friends from Chicago how cool this place is, and Melo handled our crowd and then some. If it's possible, I love this place even more now!
4	Cozy and dark with the exception of the glow from the video poker machines and a few dim lights. Okay... maybe it wasn't that dark, but I perfectly dim.Sweet frosty drinks are available if that's your delight. The drink menu descriptions deserve to be read twice.If it weren't for being a responsible mom, I'd probably be here much more often.
5	Coolest lounge/bar we went to in all of vegas, well worth the can fare from the strip. The regular priced drinks will make up for the cab fare anyway, no BS $15 cocktails here!I started with a Zombie which lived up to it's name, from there I had countless tatsy coconutty fruity things that made me feel like life was a ok :)Good service and great ambiance .
4	Wow - love the decor!  It's soooo nice to see some real Tiki back in the world!Drinks were delicious.  They do NOT skimp on the alcohol!  Just thought I'd mention that as they don't sell food either - so have a plan to get home!Why not 5 stars?  Too smoky and dark.  Had to use the light from our iphones to read the menu and could only stay for one drink due to the smoke.  We were there on a Sunday night and there were only 5 folks at the bar - the place was empty.  We would have hung around longer if it wasn't for the smoke.
5	I'm a fan of all things Tiki, especially bars..I became a fan when I had my first rum based drink at the young age of 21 at a Tiki bar on sunset blvd, so when we walked into this lounge/bar It was love at first sight. Very cozy, dark, great ambiance, cool ass people, great staff ( shout out to the bouncer Ryan) and the most important part, GREAT DRINKS, and for a few extra dollars you can buy a ceramic Tiki mug to go, which I couldn't pass up and got myself a Tiki slot machine mug. This place was so good, I went twice during the weekend I was in Vegas. But remember it is still in Vegas so I was thrown off when I saw the poker machines at the main bar, then reality hit in. I'm in Vegas, for the first hour being in the Frankie's I forgot that I was even in Nevada. The sitting in the smaller tables is not very comfortable for those with a big booty, but overall a great experience and this is officially my first bar to hit when I go back to Vegas. Oh and sorry if your missing a menu...
5	My #1 favorite bar in Vegas.  All drinks are $8, so don't f*ck around ordering anything less than 4 or 5 skulls (they rate their drinks 2-5 skulls, depending on strength).  I've had just about everything on the menu, and they're all good.  Atmo: totally Quentin Tarantino -- dim, smoky, tiki, jukebox stocked with 60s surf music.  Clean bathrooms, friendly staff.  No food, but there is a Del Taco right across the street!  Gets pretty crowded on Fri/Sat nights, but if you hang out long enough it's almost like the tides rolling in and out -- crowds come and go, all night long.  You;ll be sitting there alone with no-one but the bartender, and next thing you know at 3am a fresh wave of meth heads, Cirque stagehands or rockabillies will come in.  Weird!  Love it!
4	Neon. Tropical drinks. Cool People. My kind of place! It's true--I love exploring new bars in new cities and I'm so glad I found Frankie's. So unique. My dad and I on our Vegas vacation went here and the only downside was that I was the designated driver for the night. The drinks were huge, delicious and fruity.  My dad and I are what I like to call professional drinkers. That being said, my dad ordered "The Zombie" with its two drink maximum and was falling out of his bar stool. Amazing. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	LOOOOVE this place, Its open 24/7 from what I understand. Its got great atmosphere and delish drinkiepoos. I think its the last Tiki Bar in Vegas at this point. (and its practically new at only a year old). The place is dark inside on the brightest days, so if you are a vampire this is where you could sit...be prepared to get smoky as LV'ers love to smoke it up inside...Grab a booth if you can.
5	I want a tiki bar like this in Atlanta. Trader Vic's Atlanta is good, but it doesn't have the soul that this place does. This is tiki dive fabulosity. The decor is perfect from floor to ceiling, from the front door to the bathroom. The juke box only plays appropriate surfer and punk fare. The mixologist truly cared about his craft. The drinks were amazing and potent. The mugs from this place were my sole souveniers from the Vegas trip. I will visit Frankie's every time I'm in town, and push every free spirit I know to do the same.
5	Frankie's is a cute dive bar off the strip. It is nice to find a place in Vegas that doesn't feel like you are in Vegas. The drinks are so reasonably priced and you really only need a couple if they have been rated with several skull. We went here for my husbands birthday. There were about 30 of us. I had called in advance to make sure they were ok with a big birthday group and they had no problem. They stored the cake in the freezer until we needed it. The staff was wonderful!
4	Last Sunday 1/31/10 my friends and I were looking to check out Elements Kitchen and Martini Bar, only to find out that they are closed on Sundays.  Shame on us for not checking their hours online!  So we decided to go to Nora's; also closed on Sundays.  Using the wonderful Yelp app for iphone, my friends saw Frankie's show up in the results, but with couple of us not having had dinner yet, we decided to pass on Frankie's that night since it was purely a bar and hit up McMullan's instead.  Fast forward to Friday 2/5/10.  After skipping this place on Sunday we decide to head to Frankie's after work.  The group of us each ordered two drinks, and between all of us we all got a taste of the Mai Tai, Sea Hag, Lapu Lapu, Jonas Grumby, and the Zombie, along with others that I'm not remembering at the moment.  Neat thing about this place is that each drink is rated on a scale of one to five skulls, with more skulls meaning a more potent drink (the Zombie was rated five skulls, with a limit of 2 per customer per the menu!).  Drinks were tasty and about as potent as the menu had indicated.  I'm not a big fan of rum, yet I still found myself enjoying the drinks.  Tasty tropical drinks, with everyone one of them being $8.00 each.  Not a bad deal when you're getting this much alcohol in each cocktail.The interior is pretty dark, with strange videos playing on two TV's set behind the bar.  A giant tiki sits in front of the entrance waiting to greet all who come in.  This place is pure bar, so no food is served and smoking is allowed.  Seemed like you could bring your own food though, as several other guests were doing just that.I found the place to be a great way to start or end a night out, with well priced and tasty drinks.  The reason one star got knocked off is because of the seating arrangement.  There are four main areas to be seated: the bar itself, a table with maybe eight stools, a side area with a couple tables and benches, and then I think three small tables with tiki carved chairs.  While it's a cool concept that fits the place, I found the tiki chairs to be very uncomfortable; each chair seemed to be individually carved with seat height and size varying from chair to chair.  Some sat quite stable, while others seemed ready to topple forward the moment you shifted your weight towards the table.  It's a little annoying if you're forced to sit at these tables, but at the same time it's not something that would stop me from revisiting Frankie's Tiki Room.
5	This is absolutely the best bar in Vegas, and one of the best I have ever been to. I love the ambience, the fab decor and the hella great cocktails. Such an undiscovered treasure I pray the tourists never find it. The cocktails are reasonably priced, lovingly made, and absolutely impeccable. Two people in party described the type of drink they wanted and the bartender made it from scratch and perfectly. The clientele is eclectic, friendly, and wonderful. This is one of my favorite places ever.
5	I love this place.. 3rd time here, bought another cup to add to my collection.... I will be returning in July to buy yet another addition to my collection.
5	Vegas is the land of horrible music.  Frankie's Tiki Room bar saved us from night filled with Celene Dion and The Black Eyed Peas. Frankie's is an authentic Tiki Bar off the strip.  It's dimly lit, with illuminated puffer fish hanging from the ceiling, and surf music loaded on the jukebox. The drink menu is a mix of Frankie's own signature cocktails and the traditional Tiki Bar fare.  They do not have food and their drinks are boozey so make sure you get a bite to eat if you plan on spending some time here.The cocktails were delicious (I had a Mai Tai, a Zombie and Kahiki Kai) and quite strong.  The menu has a skull rating system denoting the strength of each drink, so you do know what you're getting yourself into.The vibe was comfortable and mellow, and surprisingly quiet for 1:00 on a Friday night.  The whole experience made me long to live on a tropical island with sexy hula ladies and cocktail in hand, for the moment I'll have to settle for another trip to Frankies when I'm back out west.
4	Awesome!This small bar is packed with tiki kitsch. Screens play videos that range from traditional Polynesian dancers to 1960's topless burlesque queens and B-movie trailers.Drinks are strong, reasonably priced, and often quite interesting.When I asked the bartender what the spicy/herbal flavor was in my Zombie, I was told that it was their own bitters blend that included clove and ginger. Very nice!There are several booths and larger tables for groups, but the bar is the place to sit.
5	As a lover of tiki culture and lounges, this place combined to offer the best of both worlds. Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I was able to check out this place first hand.  Everything from the Pink Neon sign, to the tiki decor to drinks to the surfer music is well thought out. The bartenders and local are very friendly. The place reminds of the bar in Fear/Loathing when they trip out on acid. Very surreal. The only warning is that some cabbies don't know of this place so make sure to have the address in hand. See you again soon Frankie's!
5	How'd you get sooo drunk?I was at uh Frankie's..Oh... And you didn't call me?Yeah that's what it's like with Frankies. It's an awesome place to go and get your drink on. Is it a dive bar? Please, the place is too colorful um and the bartenders are wickedly awesome. I'd love to tell you about the drinks but I can't remember the drink names, no problem though. I took all the suggestions from the bartenders and drank them. ALSO! Come here to enjoy life with others.. It seriously does feel like the happy go lucky crowd of Vegas.. INFACT! I'll see you there!
5	Love it!!! Looks real divey from the outside and way small. Inside, total tiki tradition! Salty but sweet bartendress, cheap drinks guaranteed to get you wasted. Get a drink in a mug, they're worth it!!
5	It took 10 mins for my eyes to adjust to the dim lighting, but once they did, I realized I was in tiki-quirk-dive heaven.  We started out on the tree-trunk stools, but quickly had to move to the bar.  If you don't have Buns of Steel, avoid those things (trust me, having a big ass is not good enough).Anyhow, clever STIFF drinks...cheap.  Fantastic jukebox, and great bartender who I'm sure was imported from a far more awesome city.  We started out drinking around 3pm, and stumbled out later...surprised to find it was dark outside.  WTH??   Frankie's is now officially my fave bar to have a mid-day drink, or four.
5	I don't know why there isn't more tiki bars in Las Vegas.Frankie's Tiki Room is fun and the drinks are tasty and many are pretty strong.  It's well off the strip, which is a good thing as I was tired of the overpriced tourist traps and tourists on the strip.
5	I have waited a long time to write this review, because I really didn't want to tell anybody about this jewel. But seeing as there are already 57 reviews, I fear the secret is out.Awesome decour. Great bartender. Funny doorman, and Honest To God REAL Tiki drinks in REAL Tiki mugs.We strolled in on a slow night. Apparently some people don't go out drinking on a Tuesday. amatuers.We walked in, grabbed a seat at the bar, checked out the menu and made a selection.While the barman made our drinks I started taking in the surroundings and pointing out a few peices I recognized. Either by artist, or by style. The barman overheard me and flipped out a folder with pictures of the whole bar and the names of all the contributing artists. Bamboo Ben, Crazy Al, etc. Names you know if you like that kind of thing.I was in heaven. And the music selection was eclectic tiki. Think surf/lucha libre/60's with some rockabilly tossed in. It was all there.Did I mention that I love this place?I'll be back. I just hope I remember how good it was after the third cocktail. I didn't mean to over induldge, but I was on tiki overload. It happens.Don't forget to get a mug. They are super reasonably price and good quality.
4	Great drinks and nice place to get away from all the sun.  Be warned, your eyes will need a light adjustment once you step inside.  It's quite dark inside.Drinks are fruity and just right, you can't even taste the alcohol, which can be a good and a bad thing.
5	OK I should be ashamed of myself for having beer in what is Las Vegas's premier luau drink zone. I was too sun-burnt and tired to drink anything especially with a 5 or 6 skull rating. The beer was cold every inch of the place screams Tiki and I loved it. Keep an eye out as I will be re-reviewing after I power through the drink menu. Oh ya the juke box is a well thought out amalgamation of swinging surf and psychedelic beach lounge. I am fairly sure neither of those are actual music genres but that's all I can come up with to describe it. The staff was really nice and happy to explain all the drinks and why there were crazy 60's cheese-ball videos.
4	Had our UYE AIDs Walk after party here.Ooouuwee. The drinks are well made and generous on the pour even in "2-3" skull level. I thought it was gonna be lighter but it was yum- had a bearded clam. Simple flavors but I knew it would be a nice refresher after a long walk. (Still generally though- heat, walk, booze and light and dark severe transitions..not a good idea- but glad we came.) Tiki cups look cool- I have to definitely get one next time. I dig that it's lowkey and chill, I admire that they took their Tiki theme seriously and teamed up with known artists to make the statues and the Tiki cups. So dark though so your eyes need to adjust, but once it does then it's very comfy to be in the dark setting actually specially if youre lounging in the corner booths. I t was real easy for Yelpers to talk and great specially for someone like me who is just getting their feet into UYEs and getting familiar with all the peeps face to face.   Only problem was the Slider Truck was slidin' through their parking lot (yay!) so going in and out a few times boggled my mind and I was seeing stars by the 5th time in. Transitioning polar environments that many times is a bitch! The Slider Truck is so nice, I went twice.  Extra kudos to the establishment for letting them park and allowing us to bring sliders in- very cool businesses helping another business out. I will come back for some drinks when my galpals are in town- they need to see parts of the real Vegas.  Atmosphere definitely lends to a good and relaxed time or it can easily be a place to be crazy with drinks like Zombies and Bender Ender. You decide.
4	I really like the esoteric jukebox selection, the thoughtful and detailed design, and the overall layout, but wasn't bowled over by the drinks. But then again, I've been spoiled by the Tiki-Ti on Sunset, so standards are admittedly high. I sampled 3 of the 20 drinks on Frankie's menu and found them to be the cliche of modern faux-tropical drinks: way too sweet and syrupy. Starting with the MAI TAI, I found it to be thin, way too sweet, not very complex, and nowhere near the same league as Trader's Vic's or Tiki-Ti's. Next I moved onto the ZOMBIE which was pink, sour, and also not very complex. It tasted much more like a Pink Grapefruit Greyhound. Finally, I had KAHIKI KAI, which was my favorite of the afternoon, but just marginally so. My favorite drink was actually a sip I took of my friend's MALEKULA, which had nice balance and wasn't overly sweet. In sum, I'm glad Frankie's is fighting the good Tiki fight in Vegas and when I make it back, I'll continue right on down the menu to see if I can strike some faux-tropical gold.
4	good atmosphere/value for drinks (most of the other places downtown are stingy with the alcohol). love the jukebox selection and old movies played on the bar tvs. one drawback is limited seating, but it's a small bar.
4	My experience at the Tiki Room demonstrated to me the magnificence of eyeball technology. I was walking in and out of the place in the afternoon with other Yelpers after the AIDS walk. When I first entered the Tiki room it was so dark that I ran into a few benches and wished the menu was printed with raised letters. It reminded me of the time when I blinded myself by using my roommate's hard contact solution to cleanse my soft contacts. The only decorations I could see were the glowing blow fish hanging from the ceiling, which are awesome and not cheesy at all. After about 15 minutes, my eyes adjusted and I could see well enough to notice that I was seated in a lovely booth with other Yelpers sitting next to me. I copied Misty Y, Independent Scholar, and ordered the Lava Letch, which was a great drink flavored with ginger beer. The Independent Scholar is brilliant!I would give the Tiki room five stars if it weren't for the lack of ventilation. The smell of video poker-player smoke lingers.
5	This bar is amazing! The cocktails are delicious and creative. They are $8 a pop for the Tiki Drinks, but just one will knock your socks off! The more skulls a drink has, the more potent the cocktail is!I recommend the Lapu Lapu, the Fink Bomb, and the Bender Ender.Seating is limited. And the little Tiki Tables are cute, but ridiculously uncomfortable. Get here early on the weekends, the place tends to get packed.
5	Kitschy Cool bar with glowing puffer fish hanging from the ceiling, carved tiki poles, and fish nets that add a lot to the very authentic Tiki decor!  A wonderful drink menu featuring lots of tasty tropical refreshments at only $8 each, which is a bargain for Vegasville.  Yes, it is deliciously dark inside, but the bartender will loan you a flashlight, if you like.One of my favorite features is the awesome selection of retro movies, trailers, and vintage tv shows that run on the screens behind the bar.  The night we spent there (yes, pretty much the whole night), we were thoroughly entertained watching reel after reel of old movies, tv shows and vintage burlesque-style stripper shows.  We thought these were a howl, and pretty sexy to boot.  Of course, several four-skull cocktails did a lot towards putting us in a bump-and-grind kind of mood. Frankie's Tiki Room is now tied with the Fireside Lounge at the Peppermill as my favorite places to drink in Las Vegas!Stop in at your earliest convenience to soak in the awesome atmosphere, enjoy a potent and fruity cocktail, and get your Tiki on!
5	I found Frankies online while shopping for new tiki mugs from TIki Farm. After a breeze through their site, I was hooked. We were headed to Las Vegas for the Association of Professional Piercers conference and FTR made the list.Headed over one night after the con to find a quiet spot at about 1030p. Inside of an hour and 3 drinks, the place was filled (on a wednesday night) with what seemed to be locals, casino workers and the like. The drinks were accurate to their description of strength (thank you) and I scored 4 new mugs. Seriously, it's open 24 hours, you can stroll in and have an amazing cocktail for 8$ and listen to the bitchin'est jukebox Ive heard in a long, long while. How is this place anything other than epic win? Unless, you know, you're allergic to fun or something.
5	I love this place! Maybe because it's the only real tiki bar in Vegas, maybe because the decor is amazing, or maybe just because I always have an awesome time here.... First, let's get the bad stuff out of the way.  Parking! What the hell?! This parking lot was designed by a crack monkey.  There are only about 10-12 spaces and they are angled so that it's really hard to get out of them.  Drives me nuts.  But in all fairness, if you are planning to have more than 2 drinks here, you shouldn't have driven anyway.The awesome stuff: rad juke box with surf/tiki/Hawaiian music, random videos playing in the background, amazing woodwork carved by local artists.  Also all of the awesome tiki mugs (7 or 8) were designed by local artists! The drinks are very strong (2 to 5 skulls), ranging from a mojito-like concoction (The Bearded Clam, 2 skulls) to the classic zombie (5), all a decent deal at $8.  My favorites are the Malekula, the Kahiki Kai, and the Fink Bomb.  Pretty much everything on the menu is good though! The sofa area is a great place to sit if you have a big group or a sensitive bootie (the carved wooden chairs can get a big uncomfortable after a few rounds).They have ladies night on Weds 4-7 (Half of first drink), and have started a drawing where you can win free drinks by putting your business card in a bowl.  Two of my friends have won already!It's usually pretty packed on Fri/Sat from ~11-1.  It will be chill and quiet in there early, but then there always seems to be this moment when you look up and think, "holy balls, where the eff did all these people come from?!" and the place is packed.  Clientele is friendly; I've met lots of nice people there just chatting at the bar.  Check it out for yourself!
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  Our bartender. The bouncer who told us the history of the place. The music. The TVs that played weirdly appropriate movies and clips. Their drink rating system.LOVE  The strong drinks especially the Green Gasser. The fully-realized concept of the place. The overall vibe. Tikis everywhere. Open 24 hours.
4	Wow, really wish I would have tried this place out earlier. A very cool little spot with a nice vibe inside. The bartenders were pretty good, no complaints. The drinks were good and fair priced as well.Would be 5 stars if they freshened up the outside a bit and made this place look like something decent. It has so much potential but the outside and the parking lot make it look hella sketchy. Yes, I said "hella". Don't judge me.Anyways, don't be afraid and go try this place out. Very cool.
4	Definitely coolest Tiki bar in Vegas, small and dingy enough to be a dive, but not...somehow awesome.Strongest mixed drinks in disguise I have ever had. Even ordering something on the lighter side I became concerned. Reasons why: 1) Halfway through my first drink, and feeling the same way I do after 3. 2) Can I no longer drink like a 20 something should? 3)What did I eat today because if I drink any more I might see it later...Then I looked around and realized how evil tiki gods can look if you're really really drunk.Frankie's rules.
5	Love this place. Great atmosphere and cocktails. Just what Vegas needed.What's next Moss?
5	Greatest secret in Las Vegas & personally the best bar I've ever been to! You cant find more delicious drinks that are still stronger than taking any shot
5	Whilst in Vegas I try and steer clear of the bars along the strip due to  music taste and even though I'm a tourist I hate tourists and so with this someone said follow the pink neon sign and so I headed to Frankies Tiki Room after reading the reviews on yelp.The crowd was inoffensive which is more then can be said for the bartender who told one of the guys I was with that he was a (catword) for ordering a Heineken. And so the trail of demise began as the bartender riled everyone up into a frenzy ordering Fink Bomb cocktails here there and everywhere. I loved this place, it looked amazing with it's tiki theme- done well! it's drink selection, it's tv choice ( a porn about a puppet) and we even loved the barman for telling it like it is and yes we all left not being able to read the pink neon sign
5	When me and my boyfriend lived down in vegas, we went to this bar all the time, on off hours, which was very nice and quiet. the decor is AMAZING! very traditional vintage tiki right down to the bathrooms, the bartenders have always been very very nice and welcoming, a MUST check out if you are in the vegas area. I believe that the bar does get pretty packed on the weekends.
4	Our first trip to FTR was awesome all around. Strong drinks, awesome friendly bartender-the bar is way kitschy cool. Hanging blowfish are the best! Try the Bender Ender or the.....aww crap. I can't remember what I had. I know it had 4 skulls though. Heh.
5	This is the spot. I love it and the service.
5	i came in as a tourist in the early afternoon with friends. The local folks were having a great time. We got the full tourist tour by the bartender, she was patient and made some great drinks. Love Tiki and this bar was fun!!
5	writing this review from the bar stool. Most awesomest place of awesomestville. Seriously drop what you're doing be it dinner, video games or your wife and get in here. Tiki drinks in 100+ degree weather. You just can't go wrong. Great mugs amazing staff killer Juke box. Dark place stiff drinks and blow fish lights. Dig it.
4	Oh, Frankie's. The joy you bring to me with TIKI TIME!The atmosphere at Frankie's is one of my favorite in Vegas. Dive bar enough but not gross in the way that I hate walking into the Double Down. It's OK to set your purse down at Frankie's - not so much at DD. The decorations are totally authentic and make me feel like I'm in the Enchanted Tiki Room in Disneyland. The drink menu is AWESOME because they rate the drinks via SKULLS. Here is how I would breakdown the skull menu. One skill = something your little sister could drink. Two skulls = order it for mom. Three skulls = week night. Four skulls = looking for trouble. Five skulls = your wife just walked out on you and you are looking to forget about it. Only once have I ordered a 5-skull (the Zombie) and it was so strong (disgusting with alcohol) that we downed it. That was a mistake but made for a great karaoke-night at Dino's down the road. My recommendation would be the Lapu Lapu. VERY delicious and refreshing with a kick of rum to get you going.My only complaint would be the smokey atmosphere. Although it doesn't bother me as much (Tiki Time makes up for it), I know this is a big issue with some of my friends. P.S....Drinks are some of  the most reasonable you will find in Vegas. $8 gets you to Tiki Time.
5	Off the strip and in the ghetto....sorry, anything by UMC is ghetto!  But the place is awesome!  Great drinks, great ambiance, great people!  Oh and it shares a name with me...gotta love that! :)
4	This dive-lounge may be the size of my bathroom, but it's personality is Kamehameha size (king-size). Plus, the drinks are freaking STIFF! An off-strip treasure that is not to be missed!
4	Great place to have a drink while your friend's getting stitched up at the ER. Just because he passed out and cut his face on the toilet doesn't mean that your party has to stop. Located practically adjacent to UMC. It'll take a moment for your eyes to adjust to this dimly lit joint, straining to read the menu under the puffer fish lights hanging overhead. Frankies drinks are ranked by the number of skulls at the bottom of each drinks story and description. Don't forget happy hour: 10a-6p $1 off everything!
4	Frankie's is great for various reasons. The laid back vibe is a nice change from all the clubs on the strip and a welcome change from "sports bars" and other "gaming centered Vegas bars." Love the 1960's, tiki lounge vibe (complete with blowfish hung from the ceiling).  The specialty mixed drinks are super fun. Lots of interesting choices and things I haven't tried at other places like ginger beer mixes. Yum!Most of all I love that it's not a "sketchy" dive bar but really just a cool, old school great hidden gem. The crowd is chill and always seems to just enjoy the environment. Worth a try!
5	Oh Mu Gah. Sooo tiki.I had a drink here called the "Bearded Clam," and it kicked my ass, even at only 2,000 feet above sea level. Got a great souvenir cup for my fiance, and got to watch 60s stag films behind the bar. It's a great spot for tourists looking for someplace off the beaten path, but it seems like there are lots of locals who just come here as regulars, too.Another spot I'll return to next time I'm in Sin City.
5	Such a good vibe here !!!
4	Frankie's is LIKE an old school tiki bars from the '70s...  There is something definitely comforting about the cheap Hawaiian decor and dark smoky atmosphere...  Would definitely recommend a rum punch-y drink to get you into the mood, but don't forget to switch to beer or something after one or two.  They are STRONG and SWEET and definitely a recipe for a rough morning.
5	I LOVE FRANKIES! U should go...
3	The wife and I are at the bar and this guy...probably in his 60's is at the video poker machine next to my wife.  After about 10 minutes he attempts to say "You're cute" to her in Japanese but she has no idea what he's saying.  It sounds more like "aynay tayway kayway deez".  I am able to understand his mumbling being a master of terrible Japanese and he gets all excited over this.  Then find out he's a Red Sox fan/I'm a Red Sox fan blah blah blah.  About 15 minutes into it he says he works at one of the homeless shelters in town and deals w/ a lot of drug addicts and insane people.  Apparently he was stabbed, punched and kicked by someone about a week ago.  Both my wife and I were like "Well..that's fn crazy.  Sorry to hear that."  He then takes off his hat and there is a HUGE BUMP on the left side of his forehead.  It was probably the size of a ping pong ball.  He's all like "Look at this bump!  Can you believe the size of it??  Touch it!  Just touch it!".  Both of us just cringe at this.  All of the sudden he takes my arm and slaps my hand on this huge greasy, sweaty bump on his head.  I try to be as nice as possible about this and just say "Wow".  I probably had my hand on it for like 5 seconds but it felt more like 5 minutes.   So grossed out.  I tried to play it off like I needed to use the restroom and washed my right hand and entire forearm just to make sure.  We left as soon as we finished our drinks.  It's funny now but it was just weird then.
5	Seriously, I could give a damn about going to Vegas ever again to hit up casinos and all of that, JUST DROP ME OFF AT FRANKIE'S. I want to drink all sorts of interesting concoctions that will make me stumble around. SO MUCH FUN. This is my new favorite drinking spot....IN THE WORLD.
3	This place was cute-ish.  We were kinda overdressed amidst the jeans and flip-flop crowd but people seemed friendly.Pretty funny that you can play video arcade while you drink at the bar- classy!  ;)  Had the zombie and mai tai and they were okay.  It's the kind of place you come to once and move on. Kind of bummed that they didn't serve the drinks in tiki mugs but apparently you're supposed to request them and pay extra and then keep them. Oh well! It made for good pics on my FB.
3	I went to Frankie's on my birthday. Their drinks are no joke. Lightweights, beware! Reasonable prices for drinks. I will probably check it out again since I did go there on a first friday and it was pretty packed...
5	This is my new favorite spot in Vegas. Cheap stiff drinks, $8.00 for their specialty drinks and 2.50 for domestic beer. I love this place! The drinks are strong, I had 3 and was buzzed for the next few hours. I'm not sure what the confusion is with the restrooms, but the women's restroom has a carving on the door with lipstick on it and the men's restroom does not. Awesome place with great drinks! Well worth the taxi ride.
4	Good place to start off the night! Pretty chill place with mellow crowd and laid back atmosphere. Drinks are reasonable considering the amount of alcohol they put in them.
3	My friend read about Frankie's Tiki Room so all 20 of us went to check it out. When we first got there we noticed it was pretty small and dark, but after a little while we got an area for all of us, ordered some rum drinks, and had a good time. They even carve a tiki guy right in the bar! You don't see that everyday.My drink was good and I was happy they had a lot of rum. I don't drink vodka or tequila anymore so I was happy their staple wasn't either of those.Chill time, good drinks, and cozy atmosphere. A-OK.
4	I have a natural, well I guess unnatural as I am no sort of Island Nationality, to frequent authentic Tiki Bars, but this one takes the cake. In fact, of the dozen or so I have sought out across the country, there was only one other even close to it. Started of my 30th birthday there with a group of 9, staff was polite and patient even though it was already pretty crowded there. They make one hell of a zombie too! Some places over power for the reaction of the drink, but they have a killer, creeper mind you, recipe. The way it should be. Unless you have a stomach made of stainless steel, 2 drinks authentic drinks is the max, sugar will be the end for you.Well worth the drive away from the glitz and glam of the strip but please don't think you'll be able to go in and be "seen" or expect vip bottle table service...yo. Not that kind of place, and we like it that way.
4	The wife and I have the whole artist cup collection. Really enjoy this place to start off. A little small for my taste and that's the reason for a star drop. Otherwise, love the drinks, decor, and delightful bartenders. We always make a trip in when we're in Vegas. Has to become part of your Vegas experience. Bow to the Tiki Gods, especially in the bathroom after two stiff drinks.
4	I am a huge fan of Frankie's.Some friends and I went here on a spontaneous trip and now it's one of my favorite bars to go to. We usually start around 7pm or so because it can get pretty packed. We were there on a Wednesday and it filled up with people nicely. It is important to note that they are open 24 hours. The tiki themed decor is fun and on Fridays if you go wearing a Hawaiin shirt, your first drink is half priced. However, the prices are already really reasonable which makes going here an easy decision.Frankie's is not kidding about the skull ratings on their drinks. If it's a five, it is very potent (and delicious). So be warned. There's not much in the way of food around the bar so be sure to eat before you get there. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes drinking and rum at reasonable prices.
5	So much fun!  The tiki lounge decor is totally enteraining.  Great tropical drinks and the tiki mugs are awesome!  It looks like from the menu that the mugs only come with certain drinks, but they will put any kind of drink in any of the mugs you want so just ask.  Good for tourists, impromptu birthday gifts, etc.Just some warnings - it is really smoky in there so be prepared.  Also, try to sit at the bar or any of the high tables.  The small, wooden tables are cute but the seats are really uncomfortable.  Other than that, show up and have fun but remember, these drinks are deceptively dangerous!  They rate the drinks with skulls so you'll know how trashed you'll get.  Unless you have crazy alcohol tolerance, 2-3 drinks with 4-5 skulls and you will be done.  And maybe not even know it.
5	Update 9/10. Went BACK with my dad and some friends on another trip to Vegas! Just as great as the last time, but this time the place was packed. The word has definitely gotten out. My friend Tommy only had one drink and could barely function. Even our cab driver was laughing at him! "What, I'm not sleeping!" Good times...
4	This is a cool lounge way away from most tourist traps in Vegas.  Make sure you grab the address before hopping in to a cab becasue your driver may not know where it is.  Thank goodness for my trusyt iPhone and Yelp App!  The drinks here were very delicious and most had a booze-level designated by skulls.  All have the obligatory Tiki funky names but what really let me down was the they were not served in the Tiki idol fun glasses.  ~boo~   I like the vibe here, it's got a cool 50's lounge meets alternative rocker bar feel.  We were here for a few round of drinks to start our evening and I can't think of a better way to get "warmed" up for the night.  We'll be coming back next time in Vegas.
5	Frankies is one of those places that I greatly hesitate to review. When I find a spot that I truly love, I tell only select friends and certainly never write a comprehensive or intelligible review. I am breaking my normal rule as Frankie's is a fair bit away from where I live and while I am in Vegas once or twice a year, I can hardly call myself a regular.    Frankie's is veritable oasis in the neon desert. Away from the strip, on the other side of the freeway, away from the tourists and frequented more with locals than passer throughs. A juke box filled with 60's pop and surf tunes, an absolute balm to the techno boom boom boom assailing you every moment when on the strip. An understated tiki decor, dimly lit, candles atop all of the tables. Fantastic cocktails with awesome custom glasses for prices( for Vegas) that are a pleasure to pay. To top it all off is a friendly staff and an atmosphere that lets you forget the strip and the Mecca of absurdity that is Vegas. For a great time, Dial up Frankie's, she's always a good time.
5	I love Frankie's.  Great little tiki bar.  Everyone is always very friendly.  The drinks are delicious and oh so incredibly strong.  Very reasonable prices.  And there's so much to look at in the bathrooms.
5	Love, love, love Frankie's Tiki Room! We come here every time we visit Vegas. I have worked my way through the tiki drink menu (a couple of times) and they are all yummy, but my favorite is still the Zombie! The drinks and service are always awesome! And watching people walk from the bright sunlight to complete darkness in the bar is priceless...it never gets old.
4	You're going to leave smelling like smoke, amazed that puffer fish could make such interesting light fixtures, and wondering who in their right mind would film half the videos (or star in them for that matter) that are rotated on the television screens behind the bar.And wanting more of the delicious, strong drinks they serve.Frankie's Tiki room is an escape for me.  It's tiny, serves NO food, and every inch of the place is super Hawaiian/Poly themed.  It's a far step from the strip's screaming neon and is a shadowy corner of this culture not far at all from the 15.   They offer strong, flavorful drinks with skull ratings to inform you of the strength of the alcohol content, although I have had a few 2-3 star drinks that have knocked me on my butt.  Their signature drinks come in collectable mugs that they sell for about 20 bucks apiece with the drink included.  (I have seven at this point.)The retro/insane videos shown in the background always make me crack up.  Girls in bikinis on pogo sticks?  Vintage car commercial ads?  Killer Tiki Gods!  They also have movie nights late... Thursday? night.  Last time I stuck around for movie night, (which includes free popcorn), they showed Sin City.  Good times.
5	The ULTIMATE local's secret spot in Las Vegas, in my opinion.The atmosphere in this bar is all I could have wished for.  A collection of South Seas Tiki, 60s Hawaiian, and Classic Las Vegas artists have made this bar their living, breathing canvas.  All the chairs are tikis carved and polished from palm tree trunks, the decor, sculptures, and even the Love Tester machine are all lovingly crafted by some of the biggest names in classic style local art.  The Juke box is an eclectic mix of beach sounds and instrumental lounge music.  Even the TVs behind the bar play a collage of hula dancers and old travelogue scenes (A bar not playing sports 24/7??? Am I in HEAVEN???).  The drinks!  Oh goodness the drinks.  If you can appreciate a cocktail for more than it's ability to mask alcohol's bite, then this is the pace for you.  Not only do they boast a very large assortment of Frankie's original cocktail creations, but a full compliment of classic tiki drinks, all with recipes passed down full of secret syrups and mixes.  Even the mugs, nine in all, are created by tiki artists.  You can even buy them with your drink! Last time I went, I had just one Green Gasser, rated 5 skulls out of 5 on the menu, and I was already feeling good and tight.  I would recommend not getting more than two 5 skull drinks in a night unless you have a driver! If I lived closer, I'd probably go there every weekend until I had tried every drink, in every combination I could.  And maybe had a few of those awesome mugs...
5	I have been a regular at frankies for 2 years now. I love this place. Great drinks and conversations with the staff. I love the zombie, and they have a nice beer selection as well.
5	This  place is the best!!!!
4	Whoa! What a Zombie! Very strong and just what I was looking for.The place was pretty crowded but the staff were awesome, very accommodating to the group I was with. We we're clearly from out of town and a bit out of our element but the bartenders helped us with our selection. They recommended one of the many extremely strong Tiki drinks.It's a tiny, dimly lit joint with a lot of Hawaiian/Polynesian decor including chainsaw carved chairs and stools. Pretty awesome but not comfortable to sit in.I love how this place wasn't like every other bar that I stopped at. It's quiet, intimate, and full of people that like it that way. I'll return even though its a little off the strip. I've gotta go back for another Zombie!
5	We sought out the Tiki room after learning that the folks from the DD were affiliated with it. Thank God we had the address because the cabby and hotel personal had no clue. We drank Sea Hags, Thurston Howl's and Bearded Clams throughout the day. Cigarettes, surf music, cool locals and an excellent bartender made us feel welcome. We arrived as skeptical Boston cynics and left converts to the Tiki ! Get off the Strip immediately and sink into the dark,smoky,alcohol soaked paradise that is Frankie'sTiki Room !
5	Straight out of a Tarantino movie. I heart this place. My only problem is their ventilation sucks  so you reek of cigs when you leave, but it's a small price to pay. Their drinks seriously sneak up on you, beware...
5	This place is so cool! The surf rock music is great and not too loud, the atmosphere is relaxed and the cocktails will give you a mellow buzz that will last all night long.
5	cool setting for Vegas locals that want a hideaway!!!  Watch out for the Zombies...2 is the limit!
5	Let the So-Cal tourists have their $20 drinks on the strip.  I'll take Frankie's any day of the week.  Frankie's Tiki Room is a local treasure.  It belongs on everyone's top 5 list of non-strip drinking spots.  It has a unique decor (well . . .tiki rooms are rare on the mainland if not unique), serious charm and a comfy but stylish atmosphere.  And by stylish I mean hip, but not hipster and filled with a decor that was cheesy in the 80s, ironic in the 90s and just plain awesome today.  The 1950s ideal of Hawaiian culture exploded in this place and out of the explosion the bar's owners have sculpted a wonderful collection of mixed drinks and a solid drinking spot.  Think warm, dark cave, but with carved tiki poles and 1950s Hawaii icons on the wall.  And next to the bar--two plasma televisions showing hula dancing, surfing and 1950s erotic dancing.Damn, I love this place.  Just talking about it, I wish it was happy hour o'clock. The bar offers a nice happy hour and surprisingly powerful pours on mixed drinks.  Seriously.  Be careful ordering off that drink menu without a pre-appointed designated driver.  More than one person has enjoyed a few sweeter-than-sweet cocktails and slurrily ordered a taxi to take them home.  Bottom line: it's a great place to hang out most nights of the week and a bar I hope stays in business for a long time.
5	I'm becoming a regular. I want to try all of those FABULOUS TIKI DRINKS!!! The interior takes you someplace tropical even in winter. I especially love the 70's porn-esqe burlesque hula dancing peep show kung foo looping on the bar Televisions, which makes for either conversation or distraction if your date's just not cutting it. The Zombie is incredibly boozy and will put you on your ass, so beware. Personally I love the Fink Bomb which is still boozy but with a hint of coconut to  make for some delicious drinking.Usually I can only handle 2 Tiki drinks before venturing into slurry blurry mode... But no need to worry, bartender Mellow, is always watching out for the ladies ;D
5	This is seriously my favorite bar/place I've ever been.  I live in California and I think of this place, recommend it to anyone going to Las Vegas, and then talk about how great it is with people who take the recommendations.  There's just a need to try and explain how great it is to other people.  It's a really laid back atmosphere with great bartenders who can make anything according to the real recipies (no mixes), and can always make the special requests like Painkillers or anything else I've had/heard of.  Really friendly vibe and the decor just makes it all the better.The best bar I've ever been to, hands down.
5	While having Tiki ti in my neighborhood doesn't make me an expert per se, I can easily say that Frankie's Mai Tai is perfect. No, really, it's the one and only perfect Mai Tai I've ever found. I've had about half the menu to date and every drink has been great - probably the most consistently good tiki drink making in the US.
5	hands down my new favorite place in Nevada.  Completely awesome.  it's not inexpensive - but compared to the strip - it's heaven.  great rum drinks, great regular drinks - friendly staff - including the doorman, who could be a jerk and no one would blame him, but he is just cool.  went on a friday, had such a good time came back on saturday. love the surf music soundtrack and the tiki decor.  good parking and a $12 cab ride from downtown or the strip.  if i was forced to make a complaint it would be that on both friday and saturday when i went there wasn't a single lady to be found in the place.  definitely a bunny-free zone.  but if you are with your boys and want a fun, crazy night in vegas between casino stops that won't break the bank - head here.  i can't wait to go back.
5	If Las Vegas were a tropical island, this would be it's dive bar.  Frankie's isn't really a dive bar, but compared to the plastic watering holes on the strip, its definitely got more character.  Walking in to this awesome Eastside spot, you notice lots of straw, tiki masks, and holiday lights. Beautiful hawaiian music was playing at a perfect level over the speakers, creating a great ambience.The menu is filled with original and classic concotions mostly consisting of various rums and fruit juices.  The drinks are also listed with a skull rating system, the more skulls, the stronger the drink.Even though I am not a lover of sweet drinks, I couldn't help myself when I sat down to my mini drink-cation at Frankies.  Try one or two, worst case scenario is you default back to whiskey splash of ginger, or whatever your go-to drink may be.Aloha and welcome to your favorite island bar!
5	Of all the tiki joints, in all the world, this place is my favorite. Great decorations, lots of low brow original tiki art, hand carved tiki statues everywhere, great jukebox with surf, lounge and 60's music and incredible drinks.Did I mention the cocktails?  All tiki drinks are $8 and pack a wallop.  If you're thinking "I can get a beer for less than that" then you don't know the value of a good cocktail.  All drinks on the menu are rated on a skull system.  The more skulls, the stronger the drink.  You can purchase a tiki mug, including cocktail for $20.  They have a selection of tiki mugs to match their more popular drinks designed by well known, low brow tiki artists. Make sure to designate a driver or bring cab fare. These drinks are strong!
5	This is a fabulous place to go for a fun themed atmosphere without having to go near the Strip. I checked it out with a couple of my friends and loved it. The atmosphere is fun and relaxed, the people are friendly, the drinks are awesome (watch out for the 160 proof rum). Would love to come back!
3	i should not have made this the last stop of the night.  not sure what i expected in my inebriated state, but i remember being very underwhelmed.  i suppose i was looking for something more themed and lively. we were there late on a friday night and the place was empty. the drinks were good , but i have no memory of the bartender
5	I stopped by for an afternoon island concoction and got exactly what I was looking for. A heavy handed yet well balanced rum and sugar drink that was right up my alley.Once again, the bartender was really friendly and offered great service and nice conversation. Obviously we were from out of town, and yet the neighborhood bar was very welcoming. A couple of the locals chatted it up and offered my girlfriend and I well being as we departed.I will continue to stop here when in town.Only gripe: The restroom doors are marked only with Polynesian masks which can be a bit confusing to a first timer. It's hard to make out which one is more masculine or feminine in the dim lighting, so I'd recommend just asking. Or, Women's is on the right.
4	This place is great. It's small, dark and smoky. Or if it's not smoky, it had a smoky vibe to it. It's not fancy, but you don't come here for fancy.The drinks are stiff and cheap, especially compared to Vegas standards -- really, the best of both worlds in the land of alcohol. Each drink is slightly big, enough to start feeling warm and fuzzy, so make sure to have a DD!As someone else mentioned, the strength of the drinks is measured by skulls pictured next to the drink on the menu.  I had the Fink Bomb, which is not enough to knock you on your butt the first time around, but definitely will on your second drink.The drinks were actually good. Mai tai-ish drinks can be a hit or miss because some bartenders make them too sweet. The drinks here have a great balance between slightly sweet, coconuty and strong. A great option for happy hour!
4	I love this place! Bartenders are friendly and know their stuff. Cocktails were good to.
5	I read some great reviews of this place so the wife and I decided to give it a try.  We went early on a Sunday around 3pm.  Only us and a couple of patrons were at the bar.  We had what else? We had some tiki drinks.  They were freaking amazing.  Tania did a great job of making the drinks.  She was helpful and gave awesome suggestions.  Do yourself a favor and leave the cheesy strip to explore other cool parts of Vegas like this one.  Its a hidden gem and you wont regret it.  Try Frankies Tiki Room
4	You know what is great about Frankie's Tiki Room? It is a bar I would go back to and there are so very few bars in Las Vegas I can say that about.Went here on a Saturday night with a bunch of friends. Even though it was late we were still able to find some seating for everyone. And if there is one thing I look for in Vegas it is definitely seating. I am not interested in standing around in high heels ordering over-priced drinks in a club.The drinks are amazing and the atmosphere is relaxed and fun. Not uppity and glam-fested like all the bars on the strip. It is funny - the more I explore around Vegas the better places I find. I guess Vegas does have some decent places to go on a Saturday night, you just won't find them on the strip.
5	I've visited Vegas about a dozen times and I honestly didn't think it could get much better. Then I learned of the existence of Frankie's Tiki Room! Wow, what a perfect addition to a city that already seems perfectly suited to tiki culture.Stopped by for the first time on a Sunday afternoon after a mimosa-soaked brunch at Hash House a Go Go with a couple of locals in tow. After the requisite 5-minute adjustment from desert sun to nearly pitch black, my eyes and liver were both ready to partake. This place is beautifully decorated with art and carvings by some of the best artists in the tiki world.After spying the gorgeous original tiki mugs available, I had to own the Tiki Bandit mug. The good news is, the drink inside the souvenir was just as amazing! We enjoyed a Malekula, a Thurston Howl and a good old traditional Mai Tai to round out the mix. Everyone loved their drinks and everyone floated away happy.I have to say that while this bar is a bit of a haul from center Strip, it would likely be ruined if it were any closer. It would be inundated with tourists 24/7 and the vibe would be shot. Where it stands now it takes a bit of a tikiphile (or a local with a car) to deem the trip worthwhile, and I appreciate that.Keep it up...this is my only true must-do in Las Vegas now!
5	This is one of the best local, 'dive', themed bars in Las Vegas. And that's saying something. The only real Tiki bar in town and as authentic as they come without an ocean or beach out front.From the outside it kind of looks like a bunker and the neighborhood looks a little sketchy during the daytime, but at night the place lights up with an inviting pink glow. Inside its dark and intimate (and a little smokey if crowded) with classic surf and tki music playing. Several tv's play random mid century modern, tiki/surf classic videos. From the playboy club in the 50's to Gilligan's Island, classic surf movies and some pretty strange stuff!This place has the best rum drinks in town. They are rated by 'skulls' from one to five. The mai tai will drop you if you're not careful, and the sweet creaminess of the kahiki kai will have you drinking more than you thought.Collect all 8 of the custom Tiki Room ceramic mugs designed by well known tiki artists. At $20 (which includes the drink inside) these are a great deal since these are REAL CERAMIC mugs and not the cheap crap they sell on the strip.
4	Last night we finally stopped into Frankie's for a few of their libations. We got there around 9pm so it wasn't too crowded or too loud and we could enjoy our conversation with some of our great friends.Some very interesting drinks and classic cocktails were listed on their menu and we sampled a variety. The staff was friendly & efficient and the drinks were fairly strong.We also bumped into the Yelp crowd and got to meet Misti :) If you're reading this we hope you had a fun night and apologize for not having a chance to say goodbye. Hope to see you out again in the near future!
5	I randomly found out about this place when searching for more off beat Vegas "must sees." I knew I had to check it out myself but when the cabbies even ask "What place are you talkin' about?" you know it's gotta be awesome. It took a couple of tries to get to this area off the strip (it's sort of towards the Premium Outlets...a bit of a sketchy area as others have said, including our cabbie out there). My group started harassing me that the place would be lame given the look on the outside. Within minutes of sitting at the bar though, we knew we had  a bad ass bartender and were going to be in for a ride with the drink "skull system." The skulls denote how strong a drink is- I don't recall seeing a 1 but I do know we didn't want to mess around and went straight for the 5s. Whoa, Nelly!Not only was I surprised at the amount of bang for the buck (seriously, 1 drink will have most people on their ass) but the drinks didn't taste like syrupy, fruity crap! Mike (one of the best bartenders I've ever met) not only knew his stuff but changed the way I look (and taste) tropical and tiki drinks. An original Mai Tai? Whodathunk it resembles more of a Long Island than a pineapple drink with lots of rum? As he said, "It ain't a real Mai Tai without a lime and a mint sprig." Good, good stuff. Not only are the drinks memorable but the decor is totally cool and different. The place itself is smaller than I was expecting (I can't even imagine how packed it gets at night). We went during an odd time in the late afternoon and there were a few people in there but by no means crowded- a very cool and mellow vibe. We intended to only stay for 45 minutes or so but didn't want to leave and even canceled our 5 star dinner reservations that we had struggled to get. Yes...this place is that good.  I could keep going on and on how cool this place was- the drinks, the bartender, the decor, and the crowd- but you really need to see it for yourself to appreciate it. Don't be surprised if no one knows where or what it is when you're trying to get here- just keep an address and/or map handy. Not only will I be back but it will definitely become a regular stop for me when I'm in Vegas...even if the cab ride costs more than the drinks.
5	What's more awesome than drinking some fruity concoctions, escaping the lights ( and expensive drinks) on the strip...and *drum roll* hanging out with some very cool Vegas yelpers? *crickets* ...nothing that I can think of at the moment! Frankie's is a really tiny place, the pictures threw me off, so when I asked the battledress if the bar area was it..she said yes... I guess I overlooked the "room" part in Frankies. Anyhow all drinks are $8 no matter how weak or strong they are, indicated by the number of skulls listed below the drinks. Being the ever conscious spender I went for the 4-5 skull drinks...more bang for the buck..and yes they were worth the hangover the next day. Just be advised they don't serve food so plan on pre/post gaming on some greasy noms to get a good base on that tummy!
5	Fantastic! I was in town for Viva Las Vegas and had to check out Frankie's. It's in a shady part of town (but then most of LV is shady), and I had to take a taxi to get there, but for me it was worth the aprox 40$ in cab fare I had to pay. I had a really tasty drink called the Tiki Bandit that was that first drink in the whole trip that I caught a buzz from, and I only finished half of it.  The bartender was very nice and let me have the drink in a regular glass so that the tiki mug that came with the drink wasn't all sticky for my trip home.  They have great decor and love tester designed by the artist Shag that is pretty cool, and they also have a nice bathroom that continues the theme. The only drawback is that it is super dark in the bar. Coming in from the mid-day sun it took me at least a full minute to where my eyes could adjust and I could see anything. Luckily the first table by the door was free so I just sat down and waited till I could tell what I was looking at. I'm going back to Vegas in May with some girlfriends and we are definitely catching a cab to Frankie's for some cocktails.
5	"Hi I'm Tom!"- Ten Second TomVegas Ratings are either 5-Star or 1-Star... because you are either having the greatest time EVER or not...We try to go to Tiki rooms as much as possible... because usually the drinks are crazy... the people are nice and the way they close you off from the outside world is just the best... Frankie's did not disappoint...Drinks are Phenomenal and get the job done... the ambiance is 5-Star Tiki: Down to the chairs made out of some sort of tree trunk (coconut?)...  Which I had the fortunate experience of taking a header off of... anyways...  it wasn't my fault... anyways... no really! anyways:Do yourself a favor... if your in Vegas for 2 days or more... take some time to get away from the showy lights and stuff and hit up Frankie's... Relax with a signature mug of something tiki (which I left due to short-term memory brought on by drinking, hence the quote), say hi to the gal from Zacatecas sitting next to you and let it all go for about an hour or 2...Then get back to the Strip!  You are in Vegas for pete's sake! Those Fat Tuesday monstrosities aren't going to drink themselves...Good times: 5-Star
4	This is a great dive bar and worth venturing off the Vegas Strip. As a local this is a favorite destination for our Friday Happy Hour. Upon entering the Tiki Room it will take your eyes a bit to adjust to the darkness, but once adjusted you can take in the interesting and festive decor throughout the small space. I love all the lighted puffer fish strung across the ceiling.  You can read the cocktail menu by candle light and you will want to, the descriptions are hilarious. Pay attention to the number of skulls after each cocktail, this will give you an indication of how strong each drink is. The drinks are tasty, potent and will not disappoint. You will find traditional tiki drinks such as the Lapu Lapu and several of Frankie's original tiki drinks. My favorite drink is the Lava Letch, made with ginger beer.Frankie's is a great time with cool decor, strong drinks and a fun vibe. Cheers.
4	I know I'm gonna get crap for this but I'm givin' Frankie's 4 stars. Maybe it was hyped too much by friends to the point where I was expecting something else. I don't know what else that would be exactly. It's a well appointed tiki bar. The drinks are good...as well as the mugs. It's comfortable. Extra points for the cool neon exterior. However, being from CA I feel like there's tiki bars here that are just as great: Don the Beachcomber's, Tiki Ti, Trader Vic's. Not complainin' tho....worth checkin' out. I give them big kudos for playin' appropriate music. There's nothing worse than going to a tiki bar that blasts the wrong genre of music (see my Don the Beachcomber review).
5	I love Frankie's!!! Best drinks in Las Vegas! The bartenders are amazing and the ambiance can't be beat! The placeis pretty small and can be packed on the weekends.
5	Great stiff Tiki drinks, I cant wait to try everything. I had the Fink Bomb and it was strong and good. I came for Yelp Drinks and I will return. The Tiki chairs hurt my fat ass so I wish there were more booths. But a great hidden dive place that if it had more TV's I could come everyday.
2	Sorry, Frank, your Tiki Room wasn't built for me.  Small room means the guy smoking across the bar is basically smoking on top of you, uncomfortable stools at the tables, and fruity drinks that just don't appeal to me.  The place reminds me of a rockabilly bar I remember from San Diego -- cool if that's your scene, it's just not mine.
5	Best time ever! Drinks definitely STRONG. Mmmmmmmm good!
5	Are you kidding! The sister to the Double Down! So happy to see that this little dive bar has been preserved and turned into something that will continue to attribute to the good things about Las Vegas. The things that the big corporate monsters can't ruin, implode or exploit!!! A place that was, and now is, even better. Bringing back the days of exotica, polynesian and hawaiian symbolism, and dirty, dirty garage surf bands and stag films!!! Frankie's is the place to go! Whether you want to sit in a corner and go goo goo over one another or meet up with all your friends to tear it up with amazing, delicious rum drinks like the Kahiki Kai or the Fink Bomb until the wee hours...this IS the place. Mugs made by our fav low brow artists, built to hold any concoction, be it on the menu or in your twisted head. Artwork and carvings from even more of our fav low brow fellas. Big Toe, Pizz, Von Franco, Shag, Tiki Ray, Thor, Doug Horne, and more!!! Super dark for an even more tranquil setting. Owner, Moss has been known for his 'what time of the day or night is it?' trickery. You will not know until it's way late!!! Or super early...in the morning!!! Not to mention special guest artist, like Billy TheCrud, performing live tiki carvings and raffles. Stumped on what to give your good buddy or your special someone's uncle as a gift? Stop by Frankie's, have a drink, and buy a mug!!!  You can even order them online!!! The bartenders are super friendly and always happy to see you. This spot is the top 3 favorite places to frequent on my list!!! Love it!!! Thank you, Moss, for keeping you locals, and many others, happy campers!
4	I enjoyed this place. The people are friendly, drinks are good and you even get to keep the souvenir cup!  Two thumbs up!
4	This was my second time here at this bar a little way off the strip... The first time I came here we were offered take-out menus since they do not serve food here. This wasn't problem this past night because right out side was the Fuku burger truck. How can I not like a place that allowed me to enter with a burger in one hand and a cigar in the other..You certainly don't feel like your in Vegas when entering this place, with blowfish hanging from the ceiling and tribal tiki surroundings. I did receive some scornful looks for the smoke clouds I was creating but I got to tell ya... that I love this place. Low lit, and great service. I got my drinks extremely quick. Enjoyed the Fink Bomb and the Primo Lager Beer. Perfect to end the weekend at this place.Had a difficult time trying to keep my balance on their small tiki totem seats, even though they look great, not so great for sitting on. Definitely a great place to start or end your night... coming back here again for sure..
2	Frankie's Tiki Room pissed me off before I even got a drink. The wooden seats they use are the most uncomfortable things I have had the displeasure of sitting on. Whoever decided to use those tiki torture chairs clearly hates their customers. There can not be any other explanation. On top of that, the place is tiny and seating options are limited. It was also hot as hell the one time I went there. When arriving, be prepared for a small parking lot. The vibe of the place wasn't very welcoming, and for a tiki bar that's a shame. That being said, if you manage to get a decent seat and just want a tropical drink, then this place may be for you. Also hopefully, heat doesn't bug you. Clearly from other reviews, I'm in the minority here. So this place is definitely for a lot of people. I do have to say that the giant tiki decorations are pretty awesome, along with the artwork hanging on the walls. That was the highlight of my visit here, and I think that's slightly sad. The theme is pretty cool and consistent throughout the room. They also have cool tropical shaped mugs that you can buy. I really wanted to give this place a 3, but I couldn't. It might be a 2 and 1/2 but that's as far as I'd ever give it.
3	You know how you go to a place, and you're like oh wow would have never guessed it was so big on the inside. Yea, this ain't one of those places. Very small place, hard to get a seat. Would be nice if they had tv screens actually showing tv instead of some black and white scene on a loop. Came during the yelp drinks weekend. Had 3 fink bombs. I barely felt buzzed afterwards, I felt bloated more than anything. Damn things were so sugary. The 5 skull designation should be changed to 5 bunnies. I felt kinda nice and fluffy afterwards. Probably would have needed another 3 to knock me on my ass. But the drink was well made, and while it was too sweet for me, it wasn't the cheap kind of sweet. The bartenders were great. If you like sweet rum drinks then this place should suit you just fine. But if you're not a huge fan of the stuff, there are better choices elsewhere.
5	Once again... I dk why I havent already written a review on this.... i stop here every time im in Vegas!!!!!Anywho.....For many Vegas visitors, the strip is the place to be, and most often than not... the only place they ever go. But let us not forget, Vegas does have some history... a history worth being explored. Frankies Tiki Room is one place that every Vegas visitor should go to at least once in their life, but I guarantee you'll be hooked after one visit. Twenty four hours a day you too can step inside this hidden oasis of tiki artwork, drink out of a unique ceramic mug (with a naked lady on it of course), and sip on the famous "Bearded Clam." The bartenders bring as much personality to the bar as the surroundings, and are more than happy to explain the drinks in detail as well as there origins. The drinks themselves include the best kinds of alcohol and fresh cane sticks, mint, ect. Not the sugary hang over mixes that the strip will pour you and charge 20 bucks a pop. It is smokey but nothing compared to the normal Vegas joints, surprisingly you can breathe! So next time your in Vegas, be sure to stop at Frankies and take in the tiki legends artwork all around you. I love you tiki ray, BigToe, Doug,
4	Some people know that I love getting FTR (first to review). Well this is another FTR that I have quickly grown to love.Frankie's Tiki Room is a little gem that I finally discovered thanks to Yelp Drinks. I like alcoholic beverages of all kinds and I am not afraid to go fruity. So far, I've only had the Fink Bomb and the Lapu Lapu, but I'm sure every drink on their creative menu is every bit as delicious. I guess the next one on my list has to be the Zombie. It's a five-skuller and they supposedly limit you to only two of them.Granted, FTR is tiny and can get uncomfortably packed. Sure, their parking lot is also tiny and can make parking a nightmare. And yes, it does get pretty damn smoky in there. But the fun tiki decor, the awesome fruity drinks, and the friendly bar staff more than make up for that.I can't wait to go back.
3	From bikers to suits, this place gets it all.  It's definitely funky, but I'm not sure it's my kind of funk.  My first visit to Frankie's during Yelp Drinks week was a lot of fun, but only after we were able to relocate to the booths in the back.  Those seats are painful, and I heard that the cushions provided were a relatively recent accommodation for aching tushies.  I ordered a 3-pirate drink, and it packed a wallop.  Maybe we'll go back, maybe not.  But it has a character all its own, so it's worth the trip, if only to experience it.
5	The Fink Bomb Will Kick Your Ass. Every tiki drink is $8, and they're rated by the skull. 5 skulls = a delicious buzz.  If you drink more than one, you're getting drunk. The place is pretty small, and I often wonder if some company just sells a "tiki bar in a box" kit that they used to decorate the place, but if you spend all night here, you're not going to remember anything about the inside of the bar anyway.
4	A well over due review...We were visiting from out of town (of course) and wanted something fun off the lively, but touristy, Strip.  Thank you Yelpers for your Tiki Room reviews!  When the four of us pulled up in the cab, it looked dead.  Not just dead, but the type of outer facade that implied you could get dead there as well.  Not so much - thank God we went in!It was a little slow when we arrived, but I was still on East Coast time and couldn't get my body-clock to catch back.  We grabbed an elevated booth with a prickly blow-fish light above (I am now searching for where they retail), and set to order.  How many 'skulls' could we handle?  I am not a fan of rum - none of us are - BUT, these drinks where AMAZING!  I stuck to a gingery 2-skull order, my partner opted for the 4-skull option(s).  Our drinking companions had a flight to catch that night and figured they would be sleeping anyway.  They did.I have no idea what rum they used - but I need to go back to figure it out.  The other "K" has tried to get a local bar to figure out their own version of "The Bearded Clam", however he decided to dub it, "The Shaved Clam"...I won't explain that further.Once we were settled in paradise, the crowd started coming in.  No Elvis', no 5-inch heels, no Ocean's 11 suits.  Just people who enjoy a good drink, relaxed atmosphere, and copious amounts of palm thatching.
4	This place is great. I love the decor, I love the drinks, I love the location. Don't be put off by the exterior, this place is fun and you're chances of getting stabbed are very low.Let me give you a few tips for maximizing your enjoyment of this gem of an establishment:1) If it's a Friday or Saturday night, parking can be a problem. Park at the dental school and walk over (note: don't try this during a weekday, you will get ticketed or towed).2) There are no waiters or waitresses here, only a bartender or two, so if you want a drink, go up to the bar, order it, wait for the bartender to make it, pay for it, and carry it back to your table (anyone who's been to the Double Down should be familiar with this idea).3) The men's room is the one on the left, the ladies is on the right (trust me, this is not obvious when you haven't been there before and you've been drinking).4) The 5 skulls will wreck you. Yes, they are delicious. No, I also would not have expected anything with that much booze to taste that good.5) If you play Surfin' Bird on the jukebox you have a 90% of the bartender killing it. Don't be pissy. I figure it's better that than having them snap and kill everyone.6) There is no food. Call Boston Pizza and have something delivered if you're hungry.
5	I had a couple of Zombies and a good buzz.  Dark.  We had a hard time seeing the hand-carved tiki poles,   Our eyes adjusted and we met what we determined was one of the local characters named Laura Jones.  Everybody was friendly and drinks were great.
4	I was lured into Frankie's by the promise of getting bombed on fruity drinks in tiki glasses and by the possibility of hooking up with hot rockabilly dudes. I also have a soft spot for Polynesian kitsch. This place made one of my dreams come true. I don't remember exactly what drink I ordered, but it was basically an oversized glass of rum mixed with the gentlest whisper of pineapple juice (and it was only rated 3 skulls out of 5 in their booze-potency rating system). This helped me achieve a comfortable state of inebriation quickly and for only $8. (I didn't spring for the souvenir glass--a fact that I now deeply regret).As for the rest of my experience, allow me to break it down*:- Decoration: A++- Music: A++ - Customer Service: C (Bartenders have major 'tude, and that is if you are fortunate enough to have them condescend to acknowledge your presence.) - Value: B+ (Drinks are $8 and up, but are 95% alcohol. Ah, Vegas.)- Crowd: C (I brought the coolest people in there that night. I'm pretty sure everyone else was either a hooker or a john.)- Vegas Experience: B+- Clearly marked bathroom facilities: F (Not only is it too dark inside the bar to see a foot in front of your face, but the men's and women's rooms are only loosely differentiated by ambiguous Polynesian figures on the doors. Needless to say, I chose the women's room completely by accident.) - Drinks required to achieve requisite level of inebriation to facilitate mistake-making: 1 1/2.- Ratio of men to women: 4:1 (As I said, I suspect the only other women there that night were escorts.)-Average age of patrons: 40- Number of people wearing Hawaiian shirts: 3 (apparently there is some sort of promotion if you wear a Hawaiian shirt. I was sad that I didn't get the memo.)- Number of hot Rockabilly dudes at the bar: 0*based on my visit in February, on a Friday night around 1am. In conclusion, I would most definitely go there again to get thoroughly and efficiently shit-hammered. Not bad at all.
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas. As a former resident of Ye Olde Sin City, this was my regular spot.   Reason 1: Atmosphere. Bar genius P Moss (also of Double Down Saloon Fame) hires a wide range of super-talented Tiki/Polynesian style artists to create a ton of crazy and unusual stuff for the bar. Exhibit 1: Giant wooden statue in the entrance to the bar,  with over-sized red dice for eyes, like a demon, will sometimes emit smoke from the ground like a god if you touch his erection. It has happened. Exhibit 2: SHAG "Vice" machine, which works like a Love Tester, but will expose you. Worst vice on the machine? No vice at all. Where has your life taken you?  Exhibit 3: Hand-carved tiki chairs. Each chair was carved by hand and they are wicked cool but also heavy as fuck and that makes them so much harder to steal. People complain that they're uncomfortable, but they're really not bad. Especially after a couple of Fink Bombs. 4) Lighting: Bunches of puffer fish and colored light orbs suspended in fisherman's netting, which lend the perfect along-the-shore summer feeling, a real feat since you're really smack-dab in the high desert.Reason 2: Tiki Mugs. As a collector of the strange and unusual, Frankie's delivers the awesome goods. Limited-edition high-quality ceramic mugs, each design commissioned by an awesome artist, on sale for $15 or $20 with one of their signature drinks inside (designed to match the mugs themselves). They release a new one every few months, and have anniversary ones too. Sign up on their website to receive their emails. They'll let you known when they come out (also offer you free drinks, bonus!) These are SO cool, I have most of them and everyone, EVERYONE comments on how amazing they are.Reason 3: Two words: Fink Bomb.Two more words: Order it.Overall the staff is pretty cool, and while this is a pretty popular place, even for off the Strip, it's really a local's bar and feels like it while you're there. Next time you're in town, take a cab there, and order that Fink Bomb! Remember to ask for it in the specialty Tiki Mug.
5	Had a birthday here and thought I was grown enough to handle the skull rating and picked a drink with a 5 skull rating (don't remember the name) I was so very wrong. I had to ask for more juice on the side. These drinks are made to obliterate. The decor is tiki all over with beach loops playing on the TVs. Grab a booth on the right and you'll feel like you're on a tropical vacation, getting totally tossed on fruity goodness. Worth stopping by for the tiki art and drink cup souvenirs, the drinks will keep you coming back.
4	I have a love/hate thing going on with Frankie's.  The drinks are fruity, potent, and will knock your socks off within no time.  But the place can get very cramped and smokey very quickly.  I'm a fan on potent drinks that make me forget what I had for lunch.  But I'm not a fan of burning cigarettes everywhere.All the specialty drinks are $8.  You can get them served in a bigger take-home souvenir glass for $20.  All the drinks are rated on a 1-to-5 skull level, with 5 being the top.I've honestly never had a bad drink here.  Some I've liked better than others.  Namely the Thurston Howl, Polynesian Pile Driver, Ninth Island (those three are 4 skulls), Fink Bomb, and the Zombie (those two are 5 skulls).  They're very fruity and so easy to drink that you have to watch out or they'll knock your dick into the dirt in no time.  I like most of the artwork and decor in here.  The tiki hut definitely provides the best and most comfortable seating possible.  The chairs on the floor are some of the most uncomfortable things you'll ever sit your ass into...I'd rather stand than sit in those things.  And like I mentioned earlier, the smoke can become very overwhelming to us non-smokers.  I hate dealing with an abundance of smoke, and going home and having the stench attach itself to your clothes is never fun either.But all in all I would recommend coming here, whether you're a local or a tourist.
4	The drink menu will impress you to the fullest. They have an entire creative menu with different tropical drink options, with how potent the drink next to the drink so you know what you are getting yourself into, because these drinks are smooth but STRONG, you will be wasted pretty quickly if you don't pay attention. Surf style music plays, the lighting is dark (awesome for when you are wasted, lol), and the decor is luau themed. Pretty groovy.
5	THE BEST!!!I HAVE to visit again before I move away. :(FINK BOMB & ZOMBIE are the best drinks I've ever had. And at $8 each, you can't beat them!I love you Frankie's!!!
5	LOVE this place! Went to Vegas in August '10 and was taken here by locals; loved it then. Went back to Vegas last week and went again (twice) and still love it! I am on a mission to collect all their fab tiki glasses plus we got local friends to drive so we didn't have to pay a taxi. It is pretty close to Fremont Street and Olympic Gardens (a superior strip club), so it's not too bad. Only negative is that it's off-Strip, but this means their drink prices are WAY better!Keep rockin' Frankie's!!
5	Had a great time at Frankie's. The space is small and dark, the drinks are strong and delicious ...The Bandit was amazing and their Mai-Tai was a KO - super strong. Cool jukebox playing Hawaiian/surf/exotica/rockabilly/etc. Cool waitresses. Cool tiki mugs (just know that if you ask for a drink in the mug, you're buying the mug... girl sitting next to us didn't get it!). Old school stag films and hula movies playing on the flatscreens behind the bar. All that ...AND plenty of funky tikis. It's SUPER dark and mysterious inside... but a few drinks in, your eyes adjust and you notice all classic decor and funky features (puffer fish lamps, wood details, and gigantic tiki!).Definitely worth a stop if you're in town... just make sure you're not driving anywhere for a while. ;)
4	My God these drinks are STRONG! You can skip the collectable mug for a regular cup and get absobloodilutely trashed for less than $20. The only downfall is the HORRIBLE ventilation system or lack there of. You smell like you've rolled around in an ashtray even if you simply walk in and walk right back out. You have to throw your clothes directly into the washer when you get home from this place. BUT....It's a great place, with great patrons,great vibe and great drinks. So go!
5	Important Note:  This is a bar for a certain kind of person.  The kind of person who wants to sit and drink and chat and drink some more.  I am that person.We came to Frankie's while in town for Viva Las Vegas, after having checked out the website.  It was everything we had hoped: fruity, deadly drinks, far-out decor and sweet music.  We each had two drinks, and sent out our friend Dave for tacos across the street to slow the drunkeness.  We had so much fun that we returned later in the week after forcing Dave to get a tattoo.  The tiki glasses that we returned to Canada with are our most prized souvenirs of the week.  I'll be heading back next year!
5	In the Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki room, in the Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki room the most amazing bartenders shake up yummy concoctions.  On our last night in Vegas we checked out Frankie's Tiki Room in DT Las Vegas and we were not disappointed. The bar was definitely worth the long cab ride from the strip but once inside we forgot all about the long trek and sipped on our tiki drinks. We mingled with the locals and had shots with the bartenders, who shared hilarious Vegas stories with us.If you're in Vegas & looking for a place to grab delightful drinks with friends this place is worth checking out!
4	This place was a nice break from the strip. We found it here on Yelp and stopped in on our way back from downtown. It was well worth the cab ride. Delicious drinks, very friendly bartender and fun atmosphere. It is pretty smokey which we are not used to coming from Oregon. Check out the Bearded Clam. It was amazing.
5	Update time! I took a bunch of out of town friends here last night and we all really enjoyed it. My friends loved it because of their really strong drinks. Plus we scored a table that would fit all seven of us.We all had a different drink off of their specialty drink menus. Since I was driving I just got a "2 skulls" concoction. Yes, the way they rate their drinks by how much alcohol is in it is by skulls underneath the description of the drink! Here's a tip: If you're out with a big group and you don't mind sharing drinks, then make sure everyone gets something different. ALL of the specialty drinks are blended really well so you'll pretty much enjoy anything on the menu if you like fruity rum-based drinks. Plus everyone can have a sip of everyone elses' drink. Mine had a very pineapply taste and it went down smooth. Frankie's is a fun time, especially if you like the dark bar type of place. But is also an awesome place to take out-of-towners to show them a different side of Vegas!
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas. The atmosphere is great, the decor is beautiful and the music is awesome. They have a large list of different tropical drinks and for a few extra bucks you can get a tiki mug with their logo on it as a nice souvenir. Its a small place that looks big on the outside so it can get pretty packed. Definitely worth trying if you're in Vegas.
2	Be prepared to feel like you are going blind if you come before the sun sets. Walking into Frankie's Tiki Room, it took 10 minutes before I could regain my vision, because it is so dimly lit. I have come to terms that part of the appeal in a dive bar is the lack of sight. Maybe it is to prevent you from freaking out if you knew what you are sitting or standing in. The drinks come with skull ratings that range from candy to could be used to sanitize. Being accosted with "Start with a five skull or I will just order for you" is unnerving. Katrina M. ordered me the green gasser and it was potent. If I said that the pour was generous, it would be a gross understatement. At first, it was not consumable, but it started to taste better as the ice melted. The service is somewhat slow. I know my friends were waiting a while every time they went up. Even when it was starting to clear out. That put a damper on the hanging out because it felt like someone was always being left out.
3	Smoky, dimly lit at best, and adorned with Tikis and the remnants of grass skirts everywhere, Frankie's Tiki Room definitely epitomizes kitschy and divey. It took a few moments to track our party, and a few more minutes to adjust to the assault of smoke to our eyes.Need I say that rum drinks are this establishment's specialty? The drinks are made strong - based on a skull system. Five skulls, no go. I started out "weak" with the Bearded Clam - a mojito spiked with passion fruit. A two skulled drink, yet I still recoiled. It was clear that a heavy hand poured the liquor, but as for taste, I was unimpressed with its tropical claim of passion fruit. The service was slow - it was nearly fifteen minutes until we started our booze brigade. As for the bar, it is merely a lounge with kitschy thrown up all over it. I was both impressed and somewhat flabbergasted at the theme of tiki all the way to the jukebox - with every album showcasing an unidentifiable Hawaiian-shirted band. In the end, a decent place with drinks that have enough booze to justify the 8 dollar cost.
5	Frankie has some of the best Retro, Unique drinks In town!! the Mai Tais have style and the Bloody Marys have kick.
5	This bar is the perfect place for me...lots of strong girly drinks and my man can grab a Primo (Hawaiian beer...I think) and a shot of Jameson. I opted to for the Lapu Lapu and felt it after a few sips (I think it only measured 2-3 skulls out of 5...I'm a wuss). The environment is chill and you are still allowed to smoke (I don't smoke but I feel bars should have the choice whether or not to be smoke free...getting off my soapbox now). Melo is the nicest bartender (they are all good but Melo is my favorite). He is so down to earth and pours a mean drink. Overall this is one of my favorite bars to visit in town. Will be back soon :)
4	This is right around the corner from my office (glad they don't have riblets at lunch) and not too far from "TheGayBoyClub" (my pad) so, I love it! Everything tiki is here and custom made. Grab a booth in the hit because the chairs here are the most uncomfortable on earth. Order another 3 Rum Scum or three and u won't notice after awhile. Open, well, always. I like after work during the week. Weekends are a bit poseur 50s for my taste. Check it out!
5	Best place to get drunk quick. Any one of their specialty $9 cocktails is enough for me for the night, but they are so tasty! Add pufferfish lights, vintage hula and Hawaiian movies in the background and the most bamboo in one place, and you have the ingredients for a fantastic evening.
5	Great service, great drinks and their custom glasses are awesome.  I personally recommend getting a Zombie in a Bearded Clam glass.
4	Everything I expected. Nice decor Great Jukebox and even Greater bartenders that know their drinks! *Stiff Drinks* Chill spot even on busy nites. Great place if youre into Garage rock, Surf Rock, Punk, Rockabilly or 1960's Motorcycle culture.
5	I was in town visiting my sister and after getting a tattoo we hit up Frankie's! Cool little hang out, enjoyed the tasty drinks and decor. I could do without the cigarettes but all in all a great place. Wish there were more bars like this in my hometown...
5	I love this place, its dark, strong pour on the drinks for a great price, and the tiki theme.  It's a great dive.  It's so dark when you walk in u can only see shadows and the slots, and when u walk out your eyes burn from the sun and too much rum.  It is the perfect place for a nice laid back drink, great envrionment, and friendly bar keeps.  Bonus: they allow indoor smoking.
5	Oh Frankie's, how I love thee? Let me count the ways...1) You're open all the time - doesn't matter if I'm craving a Zombie at 4 a.m. or 4 p.m., you're ready to roll.2) The decor can't be beat. You just have to go there and see for yourself folks.3) Great vintage Hawaiian movies playing in the background.4) A jukebox with enough surf rock to keep a girl occupied for hours.5) Drinks that will literally knock your socks off. And put a little hair on your chest, too.Yeah, people might complain that it's a little dingy or smoky inside, but I. Don't. Care. You can't find a Frankie's just anywhere, so let 'em do whatever they want.
5	Definitely "the happiest place on earth". Never a bad time. Tanya is perhaps the top mixologist in Las Vegas. Love it.
4	It's been 2 weeks since I was at Frankie's & I'm still craving another Thurston Howell.  When you walk in, it's dark.  Extremely dark.  Then, your eyes adjust and you get into the decor.  The drinks are extremely yummy and will definitely put a smile on your face.  My gf & I brought our men here before the 4 of us had to attend a religious ceremony - glad we did, the guys were feeling no pain after an hour at Frankie's!
5	I go to vegas at least 4 times a year and finally got off the strip and tried something new.  I am so glad I did.  This place is my new bar to go to in vegas.  Yes it is extremely dark, strange, and smoky.  After your first drink you will relax and end up staying till you "feel really good".  The drinks are delicious (cheap for vegas) and ended up really enjoying the "Lapu Lapu".  Bartender was friendly and was cool about answering any questions that we had.  Sat at the bar and had a really good relaxing time at this place.  Looking forward to going back in Dec.
4	Nice little hidden gem on the north side of town.  Gave me the feeling that I was in the move "Swingers".  Good mix of drinks with island inspired names. Video poker and slot machines at the bar but dont expect ti get comp drinks unless you put in a $20 and are betting max credits. Funky jutebox all with vitage music.  Arrive early and snag a seat in the back or at the bar- the tables in center of the lounge are uncomfortable and kinda feel like a childrens play table - if you have tall or more curvy friends get a table in the back with the couches. Bartenders were pretty friendly and were preety quick on the service. Look forward to my next visit.
4	My boyfriend and I are always on a mission to go to as many of our Yelp bookmarks as possible when we have free time and Frankie's has been bookmarked for quite some time now. We decided to check it out while waiting for the Herbs and Rye HH to start. The first thing we noticed was their tiny parking lot (as many people have mentioned). We just drove all the way to the back and were able to find a tight parking space pretty quickly. When we walked in there was a man sitting at a chair next to the door that checked our IDs. We took a seat at a small table with two carved, tiki style chairs. To be honest, they were pretty damn uncomfortable and I actually toppled over at one point when I was trying to scoot my chair closer the table. Good thing I have ninja reflexes; I was able to stop myself from completely falling over. I also wasn't very fond of the thick smoke lingering everywhere. On to the good stuff...We perused the menu of very appealing/catchy cocktail descriptions and ended up ordering the Malekula (2 skeletons) and the Polynesian Pile Driver (4 skeletons). I didn't even know about the skeletons and strength of the cocktails until right now when I was looking at the online menu! It was so dark inside that we just thought they were menu decorations. My Malekula was very delicious and tropical. I normally hate coconut and melon flavors (I ordered it because of the words "glowing elixir), but I was surprisingly delighted with this drink. All the flavors of the pineapple, Tuaca, coconut, and melon were so perfectly blended that nothing overpowered another. My boyfriend's Poly Pile Driver was so strong (duh, four stars). I ended up trading drinks with him because I could tell he didn't really like it and he was the one driving us home later. I was in the mood to DRINK that night though and I enjoyed the taste of the carambola. Within 10 minutes I was already feeling pretty buzzed. By the time I finished my drink, I just had a big grin on my face and slurred speech (yes, I'm a lightweight). That's when I said, "You know, I didn't really know what all the hype was about when we walked in, but I can see it now." I am definitely a fan of Frankie's and plan on being back many more times. My goal is to try all the drinks!
5	If you love tiki bars, you HAVE to come here! Definitely worth the cab ride out there from way far down the southern part of the strip. My husband was beyond happy he could smoke inside here - you'll smell like an ashtray the next day, but it was totally worth it! We got the souvenir tiki glasses 20 bucks each and all the delicious drinks were 8 bucks. Total bargain as far as I'm concerned. Can't wait to come back!
5	Frankie's is a bar for the cool kids, which explains why it's approximately three minutes from my house. ;] Their eight dollar drinks will get you tipsy off half, drunky off one, and wastey off two. If you wanna have some fun drinks with a couple friends and you're tryna get drunk, this is your spot.If you're not a fan of rum, sorry but this is prob not your spot. If your drink of choice is a fourteen dollar Red-Bull-and-watered-down-vodka, this def isn't your spot, keep your ass on the Strip.x
4	It's cozy, dark and the perfect place to get your drink on. It's TIKI TIME! I first came to Frankie's Tiki Room a couple years ago for what I think was a UYE or a CMYE. I don't really remember, but it was back when the Slider Truck first revved up it's engine, and the gas prices are cheaper....but I digress.Frankie's is the perfect place to get hang out, bring good friends. It's divey, so leave your snobby friends elsewhere. The potency of the drinks are rated by skulls. How awesome is that?!? Try a Four or Five Skull drink. That means you are just looking for serious trouble and a good time...all in one.The drinks are about $8 which is pretty reasonable considering they are complicated cocktails with many different elements. My favorites are the Bender Ender (a bunch of rums topped off with a REAALLLY strong one), and the Green Gasser (energy drink, rum, and a melon liquer). Both are SOOO good. You will get a little sloppy afterwards. Get a cab, and go to Firefly afterwards. Get your nosh on.Fair warning: It's a bit smoky inside. It's old school Vegas. But hey...who cares? If you are in Vegas, you can handle it.
5	I think I've seen a vision...of Thurston Howell (or is it Howl, after the drink)!  Frankie's is a perfect, dark, getaway from the lights of Vegas.  I took co-workers there, and our cabbie asked me why I was going to "the dangerous" part of Vegas, and let me know that he wouldn't be back to pick me up.  I'm from Detroit, so his bit didn't scare me away.    One walk inside made me wonder what it would be like to enter when the sun is on your face.  It's really dark.  REALLY dark.  The drinks are mighty and strong, and probably the best $8 you'll spend.  Back on the strip, your $8 might buy you a small beer.  Here at Frankie's, they are happy to serve you, for as long as you can stand.    My co-workers met a nice lady named Cricket, who ended up calling me "Vegas Mary".  Seemed like an oxymoron to me, in Sin City.  There are cool old 50's surfer movies playing and I think there was a jukebox too, but after one drink, it was quite a blur.  We settled ourselves into what I dubbed the Tiki Womb, which was the area to the right of the door, which had comfy little seating areas.  I learned by loading quarters into the old fashioned "pick your vice" machine that I actually have no vices (see photos as evidence).  However, after visiting, your vice may become Frankie's.  Just go, you won't be sorry.
5	This is a great spot. And a "must-see" bar when one is visiting Las Vegas.  So take the time to cab over to this hole-in-the-wall.  The drinks are amazing.  The ambience is great (reminds me of Donnie Dirk's Zombie Den in Minneapolis, which I love as well) - and you're bound to have a great time!
4	Great staffFun tiki vibeConveniently located next to the trauma center at UMC across the street
2	I've been trying to get someone to visit Frankies with me since it opened. I'm now not sure why I wanted to go there so badly. 8:30 pm on Friday night with some close friends. The place is so small and not a lot of room for a large group, we claimed the middle of the booth and some benches up inside the tiki. We soon realized there are no waitresses so to the bar we go. Service was pretty quick. I got the Three Rum Scum, the first one was good, for a 4 skull rating it wasn't very strong, I got another later on and it wasn't mixed well, chunks of coconut goop kept making its way up my straw. A friend got the Zombie, now that tasted strong. My husband got the Lava Letch, it reminded me of weak sangria. Prices are good. Crowd is really trendy. Cool decor and fun music. Apparently there was a burlesque dancer there, which drew a large crowd of guys in..when I saw her I thought it was some old lady in a tutu trying to find her youth, oh well, what do I know.The worst part of the night was the smoke, with ever sip of my drink I tasted nasty cigar. As I entered the night air after our drinks, my lung filled with the almost fresh air of Las Vegas and I coughed all the way home. We couldn't wait to get in the shower, we smelled of an ashtray. If your a smoker, I'm sure you'll love this place. I think smokers should have places to smoke, but provide us that do not smoke some ventilation please. The smoke knocked it down a star, and makes me not want to go back, unless they change the smoking policy.
5	I think this is the best bar I've ever been to.Not only do they have Zombie's on the menu (one of my favorite drinks), but they mix them so strong you won't need more than 2. Their tiki glasses are an awesome souvenir to take home, though this is not a place full of tourists. I'm not a native to Vegas, but I do have a love for tiki bars, hence why my friends and I ended up here.There is definitely a strong smoking odor, but I'm a smoker, so I didn't care. Frankie's is definitely worth the cab ride. And though I can't say enough awesome things about Frankie's, I do hope it stays the awesome little secret place that I love.
4	A bit of a cab ride, but a new favorite hot spot when visiting Vegas! Their mai tais are a new love, strong and tasty, and the glasses and swizzle sticks are unique and a nice touch. I kept the swizzle stick as a souvenir! Cheaper than bars on the strip, nice ambiance, and super chill. I'll be back!
5	Finally decided to act on some of the amazing Yelp reviews and start checking out a few more locals' places around town.  Hit up Frankie's a few weeks ago, and we're hooked.  Like several other reviewers have said, the drink menu is coded with 1-5 skulls to tell you how strong they are.  Well, I have officially declared that I have a 10-skull limit for any night we visit.  Any more than that and you'll regret it in the morning.  The drinks are amazing- deceptively strong and very tasty.  Bartenders are excellent and attentive and the vibe in the place is totally mellow.  We have only been there pretty early in the evening, and it looks like it can get hopping later on, but when it's half empty, it's completely relaxing.
4	Frankies Tiki Room is one of my favorite spots in Vegas.  I prefer to frequent spots that are more geared toward locals, and Frankies off the strip location is just that.  A small, dimly lit, intimate spot with killer drinks and a surf guitar themed soundtrack.  The TV monitors over the bar flash clips from old kitschy movies, and the crowd is as eclectic as the movie clips.  The drink menu touts drinks from 1 to 5 skulls with names such as "The Lava Letch", "Bearded Clam," and the standard Zombies and Mai Tai's.  The deceptively sneaky drinks are served up cold and strong, and the Zombies are limited to two per customer as is tradition. My only criticism of Frankies is its limited seating.  Trying to perch myself on one of the tiki chairs for more than 30 minutes became unbearable and standing was my only option since all other seating was taken. If you're in Vegas and looking for a spot to relax and talk with friends over great drinks Frankies should be on your list.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE FRANKIES! I love the fact that it's a hole in the wall- looks like crap on the outside- YET, walk-in and you'll jump into the 1950's-60 for some retro beach-surf-lovin vibe. The inside is dimly lit- so be careful- not good for blind dates :b It would be great to bring a group of friends but the place is really tiny and theres maybe two  spots available for large groups (6-8)- If it's just you and your hunny or a friend then your good or Take a spot at the bar where you'll find poker machines. This place is just simply interesting- even the restrooms are cool. As for the drinks- I would describe them as a fun, creative, and CHEAP. My fave is the ZOMBIE. What I like the most is ONE DRINK and YOURE GOOD TO GO- I like to think I have a high tolerance for alcohol so if I pay $8 for ONE drink- that not only tastes great AND gets me in the mode- then Mamas happy :DQuick tips: *Bring cash, sometimes their debit machines aren't working. *Choose your server carefully, as the drinks are only as good as the person who makes them- so far the owners (Blond short-white female and Tall lanky white guy-brown hair-sorry don't know their names :b) make the drinks the best- and they're almost always hangin out serving drinks at the bar.
5	Visited Frankie's at about 7pm on a Tuesday night -awesome. A couple sat down the bar from us and off in the "dark" corner was something. This place is awesome and should not be missed if you enjoy a bar with a great atmosphere.
5	Another classic vegas Gem!  I love Frankies, but man will the drinks mess you up.  I had the one drink without rum, and I do not recommend it because it tasted like Robotusen, however I chased it with another drink, which left me on my ass.  The drinks are good price $20 with a (nice) tiki glass and $9 otherwise.  It has a skull rating, so I suggest you pay attention, if you don't' want to get drunk.Frankies is laid back, and pure tiki.  Two larger seating areas int eh back which are good for groups and then smaller tables as well.  The chairs at the small tables are not comfortable, but very tiki.  The vibe is laid back, and has a Jon Waters feel to it.
4	Treacherous!! Bring a DD and have fun!!
5	Holy crap...their drinks are crazy strong.  I fancy myself to be a bit of a drinker...two drinks from here and I was wasted.  Seriously.  The location will throw you a bit (across from a gas station) but as soon as you walk in you will know it was worth the trip.  The decor is classic, cheesy tiki and definitely makes you feel like you have left Vegas.  A must visit bar...
4	I'm going to try and piece together what I remember about this place and why it is worth going back.  The strip and dumb dumb show gets old when you go to Vegas regularly.  All the tourists are running amok, scrounging for cheap hookups, free deals, bad blow, and complaining about waiting in line or how expensive bottle service is.  The whole circus gets intolerable unless you're 23 and fueled by hormones and/or some narcotic.Off the strip is a tiny oasis of intoxicating pleasure called Frankie's.  We ended up there after dinner and this dim, cozy lounge was exactly what we had all been looking for.  The drinks are tropical and potency is measured by skulls.  The more skulls there are, the more trouble you are asking for.  Bartenders are friendly and it won't break the bank.  This place can either be the launching pad for a long night of shenanigans, or the place you all meet after to piece together where the night went wrong.
5	There is something very special about Frankie's. I worked right across the street from this place for months and never even realized it was there. There's not much to the outside and from first glance I would've NEVER stepped inside if it hadn't been from a fellow Yelper/ best friend who highly recommeded we come for a drink!We came on a Tuesday night and aside from the bouncer at the door, only one bartender was holding down the fort.. err hut.. It is a lot to take in at first glance: the naked dancing ladies on the TV behind the bar, the authentic tiki memorabilia and the stumps of wood that double as chairs. It didn't take long before this small bar began to feel like home. The bartender was beyond friendly and so helpful when discussing the many drinks offered. I'm not sure what I drank but I remembered it was blue. The bartender advised never trust a blue drink and halfway through it I began to see why. Had I drank more than one, they would've needed to pick me up off of the floor!The bartender spent a lot of time discussing other local dives that we have to try out sometime and was full of great conversation. He also cleared up the confusion about the bathrooms!!! To the average joe, the bathroom doors say nothing to help decipher men vs womens. However, Yelpers now will know that if you look closely, the women's tiki mask has LIPSTICK!! ;) For a place that doesn't look like it has much to offer, it is amazing and I would recommend it to any yelper looking for a good drink!
5	The story you are about to read is true. This is the real city, away from the strip with its glitz, pits and fake, um, volcanoes is the real Vegas. A city that remembers the names and faces of regulars. That prides itself in simple sins and doesn't torch your wallet for bottle service and private cabanas. My name is Skacey, and I remember.10:23 pm, Tuesday. With the trivia shift over, the gang heads uptown to Frankie's. From the outside it looks like an office supply building with a neon splash of pink lipstick. As you approach the doorway you are greeted by a tiki statue and a bouncer who will humorlessly ask for your plastic face.Once inside, the atmosphere is instantly Vegas does Hawaii, with regulars puffin at the bar and lights made from inflated fish that will puff no more. The drink menu has most of the classic tropical fare conveniently coded by skulls showing you how many before you meet the tiki god of porcelain.This is paradise by my standards, and like the Jungle Cruise, my skippers, Chris and Tanya were more than willing to show me the way. If you are not into fruit juice, might I recommend the Lava Letch, flavored with a slight ginger bite. After three and you'll forget all about why you ventured from the strip and you too might call this home.
1	The bartender is a know-it-all lying b-sing pretentious prick. He thinks he knows about everything but he doesn't know how to talk to people, and is obviously insecure since he has to one-up every one of his customers. No wonder he only works 2 days there. Surprised he's even a bartender at all, not sure how he's made any money in this profession seeing how awful he, his false knowledge and his drinks are. He's seen everything but the wind and been everywhere but the moon. Sub par. Not worth smelling like an ashtray when you leave.
5	I can't explain how much I love this place.  It's dark and super smoky (I hate smoke) and the place is tiki heaven.  The bar gets you up close to view their countless rums and more tiki toys!  There are also many tables to lounge at if the bar is full.  I love the Fink Bomb and could drink it all day, or until I pass out under the aforementioned tables.  The mai tai and zombie are also favorites.  There is just something about this joint that we gravitate to at least twice a day when we are in Vegas.   Love it!
4	Frankies Tiki room! You must go check this place out. Its my go to spot! The roomates and I are here at least once a week. The Bartenders are fantastic, they don't skimp and are very good to their regulars. The speciality drinks are $8 which may seem a tad high if you're used to the local dives, but these babies are POTENT. I only need one! I also have made it my personal mission to collect all the tiki mugs they sell. (for $20 you get a mug and one of the special drinks is included--NOT a bad deal at all) Each mug was designed by a different artist, and occasionally they'll have a new one on special occasions come out for a limited time) Lots of rockabilly folk come out to this bar too of course, so if you're a fan of the look, you definitely want to hang out here on a saturday night. I would suggest sitting at the bar or at the booths if possible, the tiki chairs are cool to look at but uncomfortable to sit in. LAST resort seating IMHO.. Also parking can be a little tricky. arrive early on a sat. night... or drive your scooter, you can lock up near the door, not many auto parking spaces. A great place to bring a first date, Ive done it twice and both times the dates were very excited by the venue, the fancy drinks, the music, the decor, the people watching. Always a good choice I would say definitely give it a try if you've never been.UPDATE! they got rid of the awful chairs, so comfortable sitting for EVERYONE!!!! still, like misty said, try and get there early and grab the tiki hut. :)
5	I found this place when I moved to the art district, and I was pretty impressed. The decor is fun, the music is always fitting and the videos on the TV are always entertaining. The drinks are pretty cheap for what you get. Most of their specialty tiki drinks are only $8, which is such a steal. You would spent $16 on the strip for something similar, but less strong. Every time I go in here in I end up spending the whole night chatting up with strangers. People are very friendly, sociable. This is the perfect bar if your a local.
4	It was a long wait (20 minutes) to get our drinks but the atmosphere was cool.
5	When there's something to be celebrated and we want to lay low, my friends and I go here. It's a locals spot, I'd say, since it's always packed with your average joes and janes. Nonetheless, a pretty cool bar that plays vintage adult films to laugh about and not too loud of an environment.
4	One of the most unique and authentic bars in Vegas. The small bar is dark and cozy. They have surf music and old surf movies playing. The drink menu features tropical creations as well as a full bar. The bartender, Tonia, is out-going and great at mixing drinks. There are several original tiki mugs for sale for the tiki enthusiasts, as well as tee shirts. Definitely a must for those into Tiki, dive bars, or hipsters.
5	Very fun bar.  Tiki decor?  I am always down!
5	Perfect...the Jukebox is a spot on mix of retro exotica, driving surf and danelectro stylings...Behind the bar... 50's striptease video interlaced with Saturday Morning's Groovy Ghoulies...is it possible to "get it" more?  Great experience provided by obviously cool folks...Long Live Frankie's ....
4	Been coming to the Tiki Room since it opened.  Not much that I can say that's not already been said.  I make this a regular stop when visitors come to town.  The atomosphere is fun, the drinks are delicious and stiff, prices are reasonable.  The staff is always gracious and friendly.  Decor and music is authentic.  It's just a cool place.  Chris, Allison, Mahlo and the night guy (sorry that I can't remember his name) are always happy to concoct some killer drinks for you.Parking is a nightmare when it's crowded, so try to go a little earlier or later.  The bathrooms are confusing the first time around (ladies go to the one with lips... you'll see what I mean).If you want to have real fun, tell the bartender that you want to rub the Tiki for luck.  I make all of my visitors do it.  Try it out for a good laugh.  Also, make sure that you check out the cool take home cups.
4	This place is a real novelty bar, They serve a wide variety of cocktails made from different kinds of rum. You can get any of these beverages for around 8 bucks in a regular cocktail glass, or for $12 dollars you can get it in one of their several different designed Tiki Glasses that you can take home as a souvenir, and this place feels like a 60's to 70's Hawaiian Tiki feel to it,  and their music in the Jukebox is mainly Old Surf Rock music. Kind of like Pulp Fiction..  It's a great place to bring friends.
4	I had to get away from the Strip, and have a couple of drinks somewhere away from the madness. I love Tiki joints, and Frankie's does not disappoint. Nice, glass floats hanging from the ceiling, fishnets, Tiki sculpture, bamboo, surf music on the jukebox and old 8mm striptease footage running on the TVs behind the bar. And the most important thing... Awesome, strong drinks, cool bartenders.The only thing I can complain about is that Vegas still allows you to smoke inside, but that's a plus for some folks...
4	Affectionately known in my parts as "Building F," Frankies Tiki Room sits just a stones throw away from where I have worked for the last two years.  Yet last night was the first time I had been in.  I have always wanted to check it out.  Thanks to high reviews from my fellow Yelpers I decided to finally go.  I was pleased with it.  I love the surf music.  I dropped a few quarters into the old juke and grooved for about an hour.  In that hour I ordered two drinks.  One Ninth Island, a drink I can see as being a bit dangerous (can't taste the alcohol).  The other was a Navy Grog.  Holy cow was that ever potent.  I could taste the rum in that without a doubt.  The service was friendly.  The music was great.  The drinks were good.  At $9 a pop it is a tad on the pricey side but you are by no means getting a watered down drink like at some places.  These are quality adult beverages.  I plan on heading back some Friday after work for an evening night cap.  Park your car.  Park your butt.  Most of all, enjoy.
5	Hazy, dark, atmospheric to the point that it's pulpy. The bartender is razor sharp, affable, and no nonsense while still being congenial. Tiki statues litter the lounge, their wooden maws agape and their bulbous eyes in perpetual 1000 yard stares. There is something intangible that makes you feel at home, despite the extraterrestrial surroundings of Frankie's Tiki Room. Don't be fooled by the bright, innocuous looking drinks that zip and snap on your tongue; the cocktails may endorse the color wheel and taste of fruit and saccharine, but these syrupy concoctions will put your unsuspecting body in a headlock and repeatedly knee you in the eye socket. A couple of Zombies and a few Ninth Islands later and you'll find yourself talking to the wedge of pineapple planted on the rim of your glass. I think I even attempted to solve complicated math problems in front of my friends, after a few drinks, because I was convinced that I was John Nash. Later on, I figured out that I was simply doing simple addition. If you're a louse that screams "whoooo!" after one drink, you should probably stick to the strip, but if you can maim your liver in style while not being a confrontational rebel rouser, spin the bottle on Frankie's the next time you're in town.
4	I was introduced to this bar by a guy I used to date.  It is one of the best dive bars in down.  It has a little bit of everything for everyone.  They are known for their strong drink.  The drinks are ranked on their menu by 3 to 5 skulls.  A 5 skull drink uses 160 proof vodka and you do not want to have too many of those.  I usually opt for a 4 skull option myself.The place is overall quite and the bartenders don't bug your or pressure you to buy more drinks.  Plus the bar is open 24/7 for whenever you may need to get away. :-) The drinks are all $8-$9 which is not bad for the amount of alcohol you get.  They have random sexual scenes that pop up on the TV, but more in an artistic way than a soft porn vulgar way, which I can appreciate.  It is a place to chill out and relax for sure.
5	Not only is this place my favorite dive bar in vegas, this is my favorite bar as well. These are some of the best drinks you'll ever have.. anywhere. Never watered down and well poured.Fink Bomb - What more can I say about this classic? 5 Skulls and just 1 drink and your ready to go. This is the best cocktail I have ever had.Will definetely be back to try their Zombie!!
5	PULL UP A STOOL, ORDER AN UMBRELLA DRINK, and get over the uncool, over-priced  tourist crap Vegas offers. This place ROCKS! Its a dive bar disguised as a tropical oasis of plastic hula-esq lovliness. Get in here!
4	Fair Warning - I am a Tiki culture aficionado so I was predisposed to liking this place. Happily, I can report that Frankie's does not disappoint. A smallish sized space but, nice attention to detail with many authentic tiki culture items. The place is open 24 hours and they seem to encourage smoking - which adds to the retro decadent ambiance. The drinks were well made and went down really easy - the Zombie and the Mai Tai were awesome. My cohort was very pleased with her Bearded Clam, so much so she had two. She stated that she was now a bearded clam fan...sounds promising, no? The wait staff seemed a bit disengaged, but I groove how sometimes you just don't want to wear the grass skirt...Overall worth an hour or two, Daddy-O...
5	Really an awesome place..small but not like cookie cutter places that are all the same; good drinks and fair prices and a cool ambiance
5	best drinks.  ever.
5	There are some bars where you come in find yourself directly in a cool atmosphere. Frankie's Tiki Room is one of them. Do not mind the drunken American tourists gamblin' at the bar but take place on a wooden tiki table on a homemade tiki chair and watch the (sticky) menu. Choice enough to give you "a piece in your nuts" (ja, een stuk in uw kloten) and drink in a very cozy interior. Is this Hawaii?  No, you're still here in Las Vegas. Oh yes, I see... The American drunks are still gamblin at the bar.  :-)
4	Gotta love a tiki bar in the desert!  Service was friendly, if a little hands-off, but otherwise worth the trip off the strip.
5	I'm usually long winded in my reviews, but there's not much to say here.Frankie's is the coolest f'in place in Las Vegas.Period.
4	If you live in Vegas and you've never visited Frankie's Tiki Room, you're really missing out on a one-of-a-kind experience.  Yes, it's a little bit of a hole-in-the-wall, not particularly big, popular, or even cheap.  But originality goes a long way here, as well as the hours.Frankie's is on Charleston just west of the highway with the big pink neon signs.  Inside the decor is all tiki.  You will really feel like you're inside a hawaiian touristy bar with tiki statutes, wooden chairs, surfer music and videos playing, and tons of rum inspired special drinks that come in your choice of take-home tiki style mugs, if you want to pay extra for the souvenir (and you should).  The bar tenders make great drinks and are all very nice.Many people complain about the smokey atmosphere, I really haven't experienced that and I've been here a few times.  It is pretty small, so maybe if there are lots of smokers, I can see it happening.  This is one of those places that you have to visit at least once while you live in LV, and there really is no excuse considering it's open 24 hrs.Two recommendations. 1) Order the Fink Bomb, it's delicious and strong, better tasting than the weaker drinks actually.  2) Play the "Vice" game for a quarter.
4	Wow! I must admit I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked this place!!  The location doesn't exactly elicit excitement (it's on Charleston just west of I-15 near the health district), it's on a small lot next to a gas station, and the bar itself is nothing much to look at on the outside, just a run down white building (though at night the Frankie's sign does come to life, ablaze in neon pink).  But once you step inside...WOW!  So cool!  It's not a very big place, but whoever re-vamped this bar into a tiki room went all out - from the tiki decor to the awesome voodoo surf selections on the jukebox.  And let's not forget about the tropical concoctions:  The Zombie, Bender Ender, Thurston Howl...and my personal favorite: The Fink Bomb! ... a coconut rum drink with a 160 proof rum floater.  Oh yesss...a great Rx after a long work week.
5	Love it, favorite bar in Vegas by far.It's seedy, but in an endearing way. The owner of this joint knows how to maximize his decor abilities.... And the collection of vintage vids (some porn, beware prudes) just clinches it for me. I love sitting at the bar and watching the random, fascinating loop.My advice-- sit at the bar. Order a special drink, but no more than 2 or you won't be able to find the bathroom. (Trust me, personal experience). The bartenders here are very friendly, which is hard to come by nowadays in Vegas; sitting at the bar, you get a chance to have an authentic, dive bar experience! This place is definitely a throwback to a simpler, boozier time in Vegas; it wasn't pretty in the daylight, but at night it comes alive!Gets crowded around midnight. It's small, and can be loud. If you want the booths, you're going to have to come very early. The tables and chair are very uncomfortable, so you're better off standing of getting a barstool.Also, I love that they support the bourdoir/pin-up/alterna-culture in Vegas, as small as it may be. I'm not one myself, but I love looking at 'em.
4	A Las Vegas classic.  A little dark inside and the chairs could be more comfortable - but the drinks are strong and you can't beat the theme.
5	I finally tried this place and I only wish I had gone sooner.  It's small, dark, and smoky just as I imagined it would be.  That being said  am very smoke sensitive and I really didn't have a problem here like I thought I might. I had the Fink Bomb and another five skull drink that I can't recall the name of and finished that off with just a rum and coke.  The drinks definitely sneak up on you as I really didn't taste the alcohol as they were going down.  I love the overall Tiki theme.  My only complaint would be the wooden seats are hella hard but that was quickly forgotten after my first drink.
5	Hello hangover. Happy hour is 10a.m.-6p.m. $1 off drinks.
4	Some locals told me this place was in the "bad part of town."  I think you guys need to tough up.  IT IS FINE.  Frankie's is a gem. Super potent rum drinks, great friendly bartenders (ask for Mike,) and a decor like no place else in town make this place a winner.  Frankie's plays great surf and vintage rock over the speakers and weird blends of surf movies and exploitation films on the tvs.  Saddle up at the bar, order a fink bomb, and talk to the inevitable psychopath who sits next to you.Only reason this plays gets 4 instead of 5 stars, is it could benefit from a few more cute girls and less 60 year old male weirdos.  Still, check it out.
5	Old crappy horror movie on in the background - checkCrazy concoction in ceramic tiki mug with fruit - checkDark and dreary with a hint of color from the red lips and tattoos of fellow patrons - checkEveryone nice as hell?!!! - double check
5	All I had was one Ninth Island and it was perfect.  Of course I had a big Arrogant Bastard and a couple black IPAs before I got to Frankies, but this place is rad.  Awesome chill vibe inside which totally fits the theme and nice strong drinks that are all $9 a pop.  Go for any of the five skullers! :)
5	Frankie's Tiki Room might be my most favorite bar on the planet. The atmosphere is great, the bartenders are top notch, and the drinks are great.If you've never had a Fink Bomb,  you've never experienced how delicious getting hit by a Mack truck can be.Don't forget to get a mug. If you're like me, it's the most awesome souvenir one can take with them from Vegas.
4	I've passed by this bar quite a few times and never gave it much thought.  I thought it would be one of those really crappy bars that are filled with down on their luck types but was I wrong!  Frankie's is a diamond in the rough!  Upon entering, the decor is delightfully tacky and corny; everything opposite of those overpriced, snooty bars found littered along the Strip.  You'll feel like your stepped into a drunken version of Gilligan's Island, minus Gilligan.  There are also TV screens showing strange and eclectic films which fits perfectly with the theme.  The place is a little bit cramped but still plenty of seating to be had.Their signature drinks are of the rum based sort; very sweet and very strong as indicated by the skull ratings on the drink menu.  Also, their rum drinks all run $9.00, regardless of skull rating but will run approximately $23.00 if you get their souvenir Tiki mugs.  I highly recommend the Fink Bomb (five skull rating) and the Malekula (three skull rating).  They do have beer and liquor on hand but do yourselves a favor and try their rum based drinks!The clientele caters to anyone and everyone seems to be very friendly.  The staff are very attentive and very friendly, a trait that is hard to find in any bar on the Strip.  I highly recommend people to check this place out at least once for a strange experience!
5	I wanted a Vince Vaughn Swingers sort of experience so I hit Frankie's. It was great! I have since now hit this place a few times and each time I find enjoyable and a great overall experience. The Tiki is so TIKI! It is over the top done up in the vintage Tiki Lounge kind of way which is exactly what this place should be doing. The theme is complete and the menu is loaded with custom rum drink concoctions. Normally I am a whiskey, bourbon, scotch on the rocks kind of guy. However, here you feel compelled to order up the crazy drinks on the menu. I have not had a bad beverage yet. They are all super tasty and makes you feel like you are anywhere but in Las Vegas. I felt as if I was in the South Pacific getting ready to hit the beach. Well, after a few drinks (5 Skull Rated), I think I did actually believe the cab ride home was in fact some type of sailing vessel, cause I was floating. This is my new spot to take people from out of town and show them something they didn't know exists in this city. It is a locals hideaway with a few tourists, which is cool because I didn't see a single fanny pack! Love it.. See u there
5	Whoa, I think this might be my first bar review! Admittedly, I am not an alcohol-kinda person. However, since I wasn't driving tonight, I decided to go all-out. I took a gander at some of the five-skull drinks, and I eventually settled on the Zombie. It was not as sweet as the my friends' three-skull drinks, which I probably would try next time (if there's a next time), but it definitely set me up for the rest of the night. You'll know that there's alcohol in this bad boy.The real standout here is the atmosphere. It's somewhat intense and relaxed at the same time with the not-too-loud surfer music, old surfer videos, and dim lighting. I also enjoyed the attention to detail with the chairs, tables, and overall decor, as well as those nice custom Frankie's stir sticks (took mine home as a souvenir).There's one of those old coin-operated machines that offers to reveal your secret vice for only a quarter. It revealed mine to be Alcohol, which I suppose was accurate by the end of the night. The best part came afterward though. It correctly identified a cigarette-toting friend with Smoking and one of the girls as hiding a Shopping habit. She was astonished.
3	Now, I really enjoyed my drinks, the decor and the music.....BUT....the parking is horrible and the smoky air needs to be circulated out....a cheap owner to not update the ventilation so people (including their employees) don't die a slow, painful death from second hand smoke.  It's  too fierce to be in there for long.  If the air quality inside was better, I would've given my experience 5 stars.
5	Old school bar with an old school theme.  The chairs are made of palm trees, the lights are hollowed out blow fish, nearly all the drinks are made with rum in them and they aren't too expensive.  We had a few different rum fruit drinks and they were all flavorful and potent.  If it weren't so smoky in here I would definitely make a habit of it.
5	Are you freaken serious 10 stars for you!!!! I had two of their 5 skull tiki drinks and yeah... passed out at midnight. In vegas?! Thanks Frankies.
4	Interesting place, totally different inside than outside. Drinks were great! Service was ok. No table service, you have to go to the bar for your drinks.
5	Tropical rum drinks in a Hep, Cool Cat  Hawaiian vibe  50's Retro bar, what's not to like???   Answer... the hangover (vegas style) the following day if your not careful, I can barely remember being kicked out of that strip club later, after insulting those Russian (Tourists?)PS:  O well, thank God for Taxi's , Alka Seltzer and Hot spicy Menudo.
5	Awesome, STRONG drinks in cool glasses and a dark, dark room.  Need I say more young grasshopper?
5	My absolute favorite bar in town! My group of friends and family always meet up here. Employees are always cool. They have let us order pizza and eat it in the bar before. The bouncer guy even cleans up after you.Great place!!!
5	I am so angry that I have put off stopping by Frankie's for so long! What an idiot!This place has gone above and beyond to create their tiki room vibe. Tiki's, tiki's and more tiki's, blow fish lights and a ton of other little eccentricity's give this place a funky Polynesian feel. And their drinks, I am going to spend the rest of my days in Vegas trying every one of their signature cocktails, and damn it I will own every tiki souvenir cup they make!  Do yourself a huge favor and check out Frankie's and you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is too cool.  The drinks are a bit more on the pricey side but the atomosphere makes up for it.  Stop by and check it out!  I look forward to stoping by again.
4	Come to Frankie's Tiki Room if you want great Polynesian / South Pacific Inspired drinks...and small stumps of wood to sit on that are not really big enough for your behind!The seats really are my only gripe...and not all the seats are horrible...just most of them.  I do love Frankie's!  Lots and lots of great drinks and a feel that is all its own!  I can't tell you how much I like going somewhere that feels unique and has a great ambiance/vibe all throughout it...you are literally transported into a chill, relaxed tiki hut on a far off island!...well maybe not literally, but it certainly feels that way.  Frankie's is the quintessential bar for that!  It is a great place for small groups to come and hangout...plus you can try more drinks that way...
5	Seriously feel like I'm in Hawaii every time I come here. This has been one of my favorite bars in Vegas for years and I don't think that will ever change! With island inspired drinks filled with various rums and juices... bring your sweet tooth! They even sell collection glassware for $20 and it comes with one of their signature drinks. Ive bought all of them haha. Vegas's best Mai Tai by far and amazing decor what more could you ask for! Oh yea and on Fridays from 4-8 if your wearing a Hawaiian shirt your drinks are half priced! The only bad thing about Frankies is there aren't more locations in town.
5	a good tiki bar just to chill & have a drink a little pricey
4	Our visit to Las Vegas included this bar to meet a friend at their suggestion. We visited in the late afternoon so it was fairly empty. First off it's really dark in there walking in from the brilliant sunlight outside, so it's quite disorientating until your eyes get adjusted to the low light decor. Once they do you discover a very cool old-world tiki bar that serves a variety of delicious cocktails. Well worth the visit.
4	Loved this place. Dark and weird with wacky drinks. Cool offbeat place.
5	The best place to be, whether you're local or a tourist! If you're looking for a good 'ol time - go to Frankie's! The atmosphere from the ambiance to the vibe is absolutely amazing and relaxing! Drinks? Amazing! When it says 5 skulls, it literally means potent aka taste-the-alcohol beverage! You want a fruit concoction? Ask ANY bartender and you will get something different from every one of them! Which means service is exceptional! Frankie's has a way of tiki-ing!
5	Best damn tiki bar on the mainland!
5	The drinks are a little sugary but boy is this place fun!!!!!!!!  I came here for the first time a few weeks ago with a big group of co workers.  We called ahead to let them know that about 50 of us will be rolling in and they were extremely happy to hear that big number!  $$$$$$$$$$$$!!!  They had some more employees come on it serve our needs.  The place is a tad small but they had enough sitting area for us all to fit.  I think our group took up the entire place!  The service was great! CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
4	Suggested by several respected people, Frankie's is the real deal. It's a tiki bar that has old school polynesian decor, including internally lit puffer fish, and yet is not tired and gross. There are some carved coconut palm chairs (very upright) and benched alcoves along with  barstools. The space is pretty much the perfect size for a neighborhood bar and has a fascinating mix of patrons.The drink list is classic tiki with some proprietary concoctions. As one would expect, the drinks descriptions are more humorous than a guide to what brand of liquor is actually used. We tried the Lava Leche, Thurston Howl, and Mai Tai. All were very respectable. For many of the drinks, one can either get the drink in a glass or in a specific tiki ceramic tumbler. They also have an on-line store for the drinkware and wearables.Certainly worth a visit for those interested in tiki bars or just a fun setting to socialize.
4	Stopped by at the recommendation of a friend. Not disappointed, cool swank, and Tiki...ish....the crowd vibe was cool and friendly. quite a few musicians and artists in the crowd. not exactly in the best part of town but, the staff at the door did a great job keeping the riff raff out.The bar has some classic tiki decor, but could certainly use a bit of revamping....i didnt see a single lava lamp....:)music was purely Tiki type surf music, and they had TVs with old school surf videos.If you cant handle cigarette smoke DONT GO....poor ventilation and heavy smoking.the drinks were awesome, and had plently of booze in them. I would go back in a heartbeat...
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas! I was here on opening day, bought nearly all of their tiki mugs, bring out of town friends here (when we lived in LV), spent my 40th birthday here, and spent my last night of Las Vegas residency here. I LOVE FRANKIE'S. The fact that it is opened 24 hours a day is a major plus! On First Friday, it's difficult to get in, but showing up early or really late on FF is always an option. I usually show up on a Sunday afternoon, because I am certain that Tanya will be behind the bar. Tanya makes the best mai tai on Earth. Having sampled mai tais in several countries, and falling head over heels with the original mai tai, Trader Vic's, I am no stranger to the varied (and horrible) concoctions some bars call a mai tai. Tanya's is only second to Trader Vic's.... but what makes her mai tais the BEST is that it  is served up with Tanya's awesome personality. She always remembers us and never disappoints. The only complaint I have ever had about this place is this one bartender (don't know her name, but I refer to her as attituding nerdy chubby white girl) had the nerve to cop a major attitude with me when she served up an undrinkable thing she tried to call a mai tai. Word to the wise: NEVER SHOULD THERE BE SIMPLE SYRUP IN ANY MAI TAI! It was like drinking a glass of sugar and when I returned it to the bar, she replied 'well, have you ever HAD our mai tais?'...... yes, witch, I have had more than a thousand of your mai tais!!!! That episode got me very very close to never showing up in that place again, but lucky for attituding nerdy chubby white girl, Tanya was on that night and gladly remade my mai tai. Other than that, don't miss Frankie's. Visit. Have a seat. throw a 20 in the video poker, and have a good time.
5	This  place is the best!!!!
5	Drink menu and prices:   http://www.frankiestikiroom.com/drinks.htmlFriend and I were here Wed/14 Nov and had a nice time.5-stars because:- Cheap, strong drinks.  My friend had their $9 Wild Watusi (at 5 skulls strength) which was really strong and still tasted good.  I had a screwdriver (I think it was $6) and I definitely got my money's worth considering the amount of Ketel One it had.- Nice tiki decor, great locals' vibe, cool bouncer & bartender.
4	I love Frankie's - they do proper old-school Tiki drinks and are really friendly.The interior decor is just plain awesome.My only minor complaints: really, really smoky (even for a 24hr bar in Vegas) and the Tiki drinks are all on the sweet side (even for Tiki drinks.)  Otherwise a win.
4	Old school tiki done right. You really need to see this place.
4	Awesome bar, great vibe, good variety of drinks (all $9), unlike any place I've been to. Also known as a locals hangout in Veags
5	Look....this place never fails to please me.  The coolest little quaint bar in town with a total cheesy tiki room vibe and super strong rum conconctions to be enjoyed whilst 50s beach themed movies play on the flat screens and surf music echoes in the backdrop.I've never had a bad time here.  5 stars!
5	My first experience at Frankie's was back in 2010.  A very good friend of mine was out here at the same time as us.  I never get to see this guy in San Diego, but in Vegas, no problem.  What's up with that?  The sad thing is that I have not seen him and his girlfriend since.  So of course, Frankie's is a special place for me.  This time, met up with another good friend and his girlfriend, who had just moved back here.The vibe here is so inviting and fun.  How can you not have a great time in a place with dark lighting and colored lights, and fun tropical drinks!  The only thing I don't like is the small chairs around the tables.  They are tiki chairs that will give you perfect posture, but don't lean back on them or you just might end up on the floor!  LOL!Me: If you fall back, I'm moving to another table....oh wait, I'll see if you're okay first, then I'll walk away.We moved to the couch in the little cabana that could seat about 20 people if need be.  This is a great place to start your evening and so much better than anything on the strip.  Nice people who aren't the least bit pretentious...my kind of place!  The parking lot is small so count your blessings if you scored a space.Mahalo Frankie!(Who is Frankie anyway???)
5	Oh Frankie's, I wish I could live here! I love this place, great tiki drinks and atmosphere. Bizarre film clips playing on the tv's. Great music that goes along with those film clips or maybe they don't?  Maybe it was too many fink bombs! Allison, the bartender was great too :)
4	Great dive bar atmosphere with a strong tiki theme. Custom drinks are poured strong and not badly priced! Very fun, will definitely go again! Four stars for small parking lot.
4	Rockabilly ;p
5	This place has soul.When you see the sign out front you have an idea your going to have some fun. This place has the late 60's Tiki vibe going on. Outside its a plain looking building with a cool sign and marquee. Its also got a Tiki carving near the entry door. Not too much parking but you just need to get in where you fit in.The Bar..... Once you walk in prepare to be blinded. This lasts about 20 seconds as the room is so dark you wont see a thing. While you are blind yo can soak up the Tiki surf music. As you regain your vision try and not notice the awesome furniture and decorations. Everything is bamboo, woven, carved, painted and has tons of character. At this time you need a drink. Do yourself a favor and start it off right. Buy one of the drinks with the souvenir glasses. These glasses are really nice, they have the Frankie's emblem ingrained on the back of them. They aren't some crappy souvenir. They are a "proud to own" "show to your friends" souvenir. I plan on getting them all, just not in one visit!Drinks are tasty and the menu is creative and fun to read. I would definitely come back here, matter of fact its a staple of Vegas, a "don't leave Vegas without visiting" kinda place.Good Times!
5	I love this Vegas dive, locals only, you can buy tiki mugs and shirts too
2	I past this bar every so often on the way work and never took a second glance at it until friend suggested we go there.  As we enter I was shocked how small it was.  The place is extremely dark and reeked of cigarettes.  They offer tiki drinks which I was excited about till I got my drink.  It came in a regular glass that was nothing special  I was really hoping for something cool to hold my blue alcoholic drink which could save my experience here but sadly it didn't.
5	Let's have a Tiki, I wanna have a TikiLock the doors, tightLet's have a Tiki, mother rummerI'm gonna let you have itLet's have a TikiI wanna have a TikiDive, turn, workLet's have a TikiWe're gonna serve, and work and turn*word of the wise.. pay attention to the number of skulls under each drink on the menu honey. The more skulls the more you wont remember what happened last night. Let's have a Tiki.
5	This is the place to come down to and run in to locals you tend to wounded what the hell happened to them. Now for the drinks there's not one that you won't like they are all based off classic rum cocktails and by your second time there you'll have figured you need to order the fink bomb.
5	We love Frankie's! This bar has such a cool vibe. The "regulars" aren't territorial, the drinks are so good, and I love the passion for tiki decor! We had a bartender there on a weeknight (maybe a Monday?), he had a Hawaiian name that escapes me now, but he was the coolest guy and we enjoyed our time chatting with him! Keep it up Frankie's, you guys are badass.
5	If you're not drunk by 3 five-skull rating drinks, then you must be a lush. Across the board $9 specialty drinks. There are skull ratings on each drinks, the more skulls there are, the drunker you'll get.It's a very small establishment, next to a gas station. What I don't like about this place if that it gets so smoky in there that you'll end up smelling like smoke. Well, it's a bar, duh!My fave drinks: Fink Bomb, Zombie and Lava Lech. Go get it!!!
5	My gripe was that Frankie's had some horribly uncomfortable seats at several of their tables...They changed them out...Nothing to hate on here anymore.Frankie's is a welcome portal in the Vegas community with a lot of great drinks...a nice, slightly divey feel...and plenty of reasons to come back again and again!
5	I love this place. The drinks are strong and tasty. To all those people bitching about it being smokey... its a freaking bar! I dont smoke but i know im in a bar so its no big deal. The parking is no fun but the drinks are well worth it. Try to get there a little early so you can grab a nice table to sit at. Makes a nice date night fellas.
5	This place is awesome, awesome strong drinks plus a great atmosphere inside its  little dark so if you're not good at seeing in the dark recommended that you bring someone to help you around other than that this place is awesome and it's kind of hidden but once you get there you'll see why people keep coming back
4	Making a stop here is a must if you need a break from the strip and love cool dive-y vars. Good drinks! All go for $9 & $23 if u want them in cool kitschy souvenir tiki glasses. Try the Tiki Bandit--mmm mmm good!
5	I just love this place.  Located on Charleston. Great place to sneak away and throw back a few.  Not a very big establishment, but small and friendly.  Staff is personable and you never have to wait long for your drink.  By definition a dive bar, but not hipster at all.  Very mellow mood, dark and mysterious when you walk in.  Alcohol is reasonably priced, and they have great drink specials that will do the trick.
5	Buzz-in late.  Take a trip back to the 50's in hawaii - and stay.    Dark, un-pretentious.  Favorite stop in Vegas.
5	One of the best bars to hang out, you can go to the bar or Lounge in the tiki area where there are good drinks to order!!! The lighting and Atmosphere is great to feel good! Good price drinks too!
5	I came here for a quick drop in and ended up staying five hours!!!I feel the need to type no more. But I want to be sure to say that it is a cozy dark spot where you can hang solo or gab (did I just write that?) with some unknowns. And video poker to boot. Look for a food truck in the parking lot most nights. I can't wait to go back.
4	Fink Bomb is very good.  Place is smaller than I thought it would be but they are 100% committed to the decor.  On the downside- it is pretty smokey.  :(
5	After a long night of drinking in Las Vegas . . . I did not feel so great in the morning . . . so before our dive bar trek began . . . we decided to get some juice into us . . . and what better than some tropical drinks . . . so off to Frankie's Tiki Room we went.Spoiler Alert  -  If you happen to enter during daylight hours . . . stop immediately upon entering . . . DO NOT keep walking and run into the BIG tiki carving.After about a minute the eyes adjusted and we found our way to bar . . . order a Malekula . . . and that was just what I needed to clear the head and get ready for the day ahead . . . OOPS . . . it was so good . . . I had 3.The place was great . . . the Tropical Theme . . . the great service . . . and I must be ammune to smoke, or it was just becasue it was earlly in the day, but I did not smell anything.  I will be back . . . not sure if it will be this trip with so many dive bars yet to hit . . . but some day, some how, I will be back.
4	This place is great. Drink during the day and you will never know what time it is. The bartenders are super local and can give you the local lowdown on other places to haunt. It's a classic.
5	Visited Frankie's last weekend and I loved it!It's a small space so i'm sure it gets really packed during busy hrs. It's open 24 hrs a day which is very cool!They have a ton of drinks to choose from and be careful because some are very strong!! You can get a souvenir tiki mug for about $22 What I loved about this place is they have tv's that play old clips from the 50's of movies, commercials, sensual girls. Very cool!!They also have a juke box!! So that automatically adds to it's greatness.I definitely recommend this place and I can't wait to go back!!
2	I know I'm in the minority here, but I really didn't like Frankie's.I think that perhaps the people who love it haven't been to many other tiki bars and don't have much to compare it against.Here's what I didn't like:*first and most importantly: THE SMOKE!!! It was so unbelievably nasty. Old, stale, a-million-old-ashtrays STANKYNESS. I can normally handle a bit of smoke...I'm honestly not a prude in this area...I'm a non-smoker (of cigarettes, hehe) and I used to work in the smokiest of bars, so I can hang, normally. But the smoke at Frankie's was so intense that my eyes were literally tearing up after about half an hour and we were forced to leave shortly thereafter. When we got back to our hotel, my hair REEKED of smoke so badly that I had to wash it.*the drinks: waaaay over-priced, weak, and bad-tasting. I's bet you could get a better Mai Tai at a TGI Friday's.*the parking: parking lot is miniscule and a perfect set-up for a fender-bender.What did I like?The decorThe music selection on the jukeboxThe cool/random old movies playing on the TV screen.My suggestion is that you go to Frankie's ONCE to check it out, but only if you LOVE TIKI and aren't bothered by smoke.
4	Super fun little joint with great unique drinks and a super fun crowd. The best seats are up in the corner at the little tables. My boss and I like to go here to lounge and smoke cigars and be classy. It's pretty close to downtown as well. I WISH they served food, BUT they do have some menus at the bar for a couple places close by that deliver. So we orders wings every now and then. I wish I knew what THAT place was called because they are pretty dig-dang good! They deliever right to your table! Four stars only because they should have food. ;)
5	love this place!   one of my favorite places to go in las vegas!
5	P. Moss really did it right with this new venture. Decor was flawlessly executed to maximize the space and impart the Rock n Roll meets Enchanted Tiki Room vibe that a Vegas Tiki bar needs. Drinks are a little on the sweet side but they are constantly offering new ones and updating the menu and occasionally have specials. Plus there are about 50 drinks on the menu so you are bound to be able to find something ou like!A fantastic new Tiki bar in a historic location (was a vintage classic bar that had turned slightly divey, so now at least the structure is preserved)
5	This has to be by far one of the best local bars in town. The staff is friendly and atentive, and the drinks are always good. Just beware of the bender ender haha
4	This place is a lovely getaway from the tourist trappy las vegas strip.  As soon as you walk in, you are suddenly in a Tiki style cave. I love the music, the ambiance and the drinks. The only reason I did not give five stars is because I detected the taste of high fructose corn syrup in the cocktails.   I did however, enjoy the ceramic tiki drinking vessels, I purchased two of them.
4	One of my favorite spots in Vegas. The decor is amazing. So are the drinks and service. Great juke! Gaming tables at the bar and its super dark which makes for a lovely morning buzz!!
3	Love tiki bars and wanted to visit here for awhile.  Well, this trip we did.  Took a cab from downtown and walked in to total darkness.  As a previous poster mentioned coming from bright to dark takes a moment or two adjustment.I was surprised at how small it is but the decor was very cool.The drink choices were outstanding and numerous.  We had three each and were not unhappy with any.The only bad issue, maybe unfortunate is a better word, was after 1.5 hours or so some regulars came in and wanted our seats, or more specifically our slot machines and since we were just drinking and not playing we were told, not asked, to find other seats (wow!!!).  In retrospect I get it.  These people are regulars who will continue to contribute to the bottom line while we won't be back for a year.  So no big deal but you would think a comped drink might have been in order.  I mean we took a cab to visit the place.  Anyway all's well that ends well as a couple of very nice locals we were talking with at the bar were bit distressed by our situation and offered to drive us back downtown saving us the cab fare.  We brought them to our pool with us and shared a nice afternoon with a couple of great folks!
4	Met with my wife and her co-workers here for drinks several times. My wife likes the fancy mixed drinks and sassy service. I don't care about those very much. The best thing about this place (and the Double Down, same owner) is that you will NOT hear Don't Stop Believing or the cha cha slide or modern country music, ect......this bar has a juke box loaded with surf and lounge music. Even if that's not your thing it's a nice change! I like that it's dark inside too.
4	The bartender Michael can make you the greatest drinks ever!  Be careful, they're so good you don't realize how much you drink!  Loose machines and always a very casual chill crowd.  The lighting is dim and music never too loud to socialize.  Awesome spot to stop in any time of day and unwind.
4	Dive bar FTW!!!!frankie's is a relatively late discovery for me(a year ago) its been for awhile a long favorite of several friends of mine. From the outside frankie's doesn't really attract quite the attention you'd expect, but on the inside is where things change. It a very dark bar, If it wasn't so tropical i'd put good money that it could double as a goth bar. Everything is tropical themed. Theres palm facades, and theres the drinking area on the side that appears almost slightly like a hut.However, this is a bar that you come to drink. The drinks are definately on point. They have their own specialty menu and I've gone down the entire list.  My two favorites are the fink bomb and the ninth island. Those drinks are sweet and they provide quite the punch. I also love them because the bartenders are one of the ones who will mix up a 151 and fun without batting an eye. They're also open 24 hours like all good vegas bars so they are good to either be my start or my end of drinking.
5	Reasonably priced, nice selection of well made cocktails that are a bit on the sweet side, but they get the job done. You can pay a couple more bucks to get a souvenir tiki mug. They got some new comfortable chairs, since the last time I've been. The parking lot is a bit on the small side.Fun decor, music (drop some dollars on the jukebox instead of the slots, you'll win every time), a great atmosphere and friendly staff.
5	Took the Wife this visit . . . and yes . . . I was kind enough to hold the door open long enough for her to not run head first into the Tiki God.  Had almost as much fun this time as last . . . wife is not a big RUM drinker, but she found one she liked . . . and I stayed with my Malekulas.Finish with a Bender Ender . . . OOPS this turned out to be a Bender Starter.Best part was that I e-mailed the owner before we went and got an Autographed copy of two of his books . . . Blue Vegas and Vegas Knockout . . . Thanks MOSS.Will definitely be back again on the next Vegas trip.
5	Old Vegas has always been appealing to me. The Strip is fun, but I love the mid-century aesthetic that makes up old Vegas. Frankie's Tiki Room is one of those places that epitomize the old school feel. On a recent trip to Vegas, we rolled into Frankie's late night. The place was quiet and the drinks included large amounts of rum, fruit and umbrellas. Tiki themed with fun drinks and a vibe that probably hasn't changed much since it opened make Frankie's a great spot. It feels like tiki bars are a dying breed, making Frankie's very special.
4	Tropical cocktails and tiki lounges may or may not be the next big thing.  San Francisco has an awesome tropical cocktail place called "Smuggler's Cove."  After people out west went to war with Japan, many were stationed in Hawaii in transit, and that's where they encountered the whole tropical island meme, and after the ware, full of nostalgia, many opened tiki bars along the west coast, and so it will forever be tied to the 50's.  Then it died out and became the butt of jokes in the 70s and 80s.  I went to a tiki place in LA/Rosemead called Bahooka in the 90s and they had flaming bowls of tropical drinks.  These guys go overboard on the tiki theme with odd 50s/60s TV shows with tropical themes.  I guess the surf scene also blended into the whole tropical theme.  Their jukebox is practically a museum of obscure 50's/60s tropical them and surfer music, real historic stuff, no pirate sh t here.  It was super dark inside, but your eyes adjust which only means when you leave you'll go blind in the sun.  What's truly missing from the authentic tropical island bar experience is humidity.  I worked in Hawaii in the early 90s and I'll never forget that wet, humid, tropical air.  Otherwise, this is the real deal with nice, large tropical drinks.
4	alot of fun chill atmosphere
5	Frankie's has added a bunch of new drinks and replaced the uncomfortable chairs so the experience is better than the previous 5 stars. The place is so tiki'd out I'm transformed into a new world, and that's before the terrific drinks. Bamboo Ben's decor and Crazy Al's masterful tiki are off the hook. Music is so good I purchased many of the same albums for my own bar- flanging guitar surf music and exotica. A few things to be aware of. The smoke gets heavy so come in the morning (it's 5:00 somewhere) and maybe you'll be lucky. No food (even pretzels) can be served in a smoking bar but it's ok to bring food inside (Del Taco is across the street). Someone objected to the poor table service- there isn't any table service. Head up to the bar and place your order there. Order two different drinks and the efficient bartenders pour 8 different ingredients into each glass- that's two different bottles in each hand repeated four times with varying times for each. Several people commented on the long cab drive- Frankie's is actually close to the strip, but on the opposite side of the freeway (NEVER walk there!). It's at Charleston which is further north than most of the popular strip locations.A few thoughts about tiki bars. Supposedly there is a tiki resurgence but it is hard to find a great tiki bar. Others have mentioned Smuggler's Cove in SF but it has nautical decor, not tiki. Trader Vic's looks corporate. Frankie's limited competition is Forbidden Island in Alameda and the Tiki Ti in LA. So when in Vegas come to Frankie's for great drinks, decor and vibe.
3	The drinks are amazing!! But the places so bad from smoking and being old... its kinda a trade off.... I would go back if a group of friends were going but I wouldn't make it a point to want to go there with just me and the hubby!
5	No review necessary. Stumbled in here about 5 years ago, haven't stopped since, will continue until I can't.
5	I was bored one night and decided to yelp "unique bars" and this came up.  It seemed worth a try and was glad I did. The place is really dark upon entering and takes a minute or two before your eyes adjust.  You'll see all the Tiki heads around the room along with a killer puffer fish light.  The whole place has an old school hideaway feel to it.I had a few Zombies and a Fink Bomb, the gf had something else which I can't remember at this point.  All the drinks were strong and worth the price.  The bartender was super friendly and seemed more knowledgeable than I'd expect.  After not being able to decide on what I'd order next, he made me up some concoction that he said didn't make it into the book.  Wish I could remember what he said the name was but it was fantastic.  Overall I'm sure I'll be back here soon, great divey feel to the place and seems great to just have a beer and relax.
4	Welcome to terrific tacky tiki:  Hawaii Five-O on acid takes on a skull rated rum-yum menu.We headed over to mark our territory in the cavelike snook, which was easy enough since we were the only ones back there.  This place is exceedingly-I might be going blind-dark, even with the blowfish lights I had to turn on my phone flashlight to read the menu. We went to the bar to order our drinks (Mai Tai & Scorpion) from a very friendly and agile bartender and retreated back to our cave to chill and Shazam some of these tunes that I last heard while I was still in the womb.  The drinks were potent, syrupy tasty and totally lived up to their gaudy plastic swivel sticks.  Just as we were thinking about exploring some of the house specialties, a large group of revelers complete with glow wristbands and enormous afro wigs stumbled loudly into our rum nest and we had to fly away.  They didn't get the memo about the glow leis and hula skirts.
4	Dark, small, a bit smelly but good drinks and vibe.
5	This place is awesome! Friends have raved about Frankie's for years and now I know why. It lives up to its name and offers an authentic tiki bar experience. The place is wonderfully decorated with totem poles and different colored lanterns - making you feel like you're in a quaint little Hawaiian tiki bar rather than the middle of the Nevada dessert. They play surf rock and hulabilly music = very good sound track to drink to! Even the drinks are authentic tiki room drinks. They have 23 signature tiki cocktails - all of them worth every penny as the bartenders do not skimp on the alcohol. Will definitely be going back.
5	The drinks are very well executed and the cocktail menu is extensive.  I would say this is a must visit place for TIKI fans.  I was told by the bartender that Frankie's had only need Tiki style for around 5 years now, but you would never know.   The decor looks like its been there in the building for ever.   And I mean that in a good way.  Oh, I should mention they had many signature mugs that could be bought and taken home.
5	Yes. If you want to get hammered fast, this is the place to go. It is a very very dark bar and it took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust. It is of course decorated island style with the drinks carrying that theme as well. There were some incredibly delicious yet dangerously potent drinks on that menu. The specialty cocktails run around $8 a pop. Pay attention to the number of skulls under the drink description. I had a drink that later I realized had a five skull rating, and then it clicked why I was feeling it so soon. The drinks were delicious and the staff was very friendly and conversational. Other than that, it is a pretty low key, low maintenance bar with some strong yet delicious drinks at reasonable prices. The TVs do play some bizarre stuff, but after a few drinks you quickly become intrigued by all the nonsense.
5	Super yummy drinks, awesome environment. I love Frankies!
5	I'm not sure what to add beyond what the other reviews have said. The souvenir cups are a little pricy ($25 but includes your drink of choice, and they do wash it out for you and box it up for travel). Oh, and THE WORLD NEEDS MORE BLOWFISH LAMPS.Thank you, that is all.Highly recommended!!
5	Best bar in Vegas.  It's actually a landmark. I come here on my birthday to get the latest tiki mug. Any local will tell you this is the standard for all bars, tiki, Vegas, or otherwise.  If you want a cool vegas souvenir, come here and get a glass, mug, or t shirt
5	A friend who lived in Vegas recommended this place to me, and it's right up my alley. If you like tiki bar culture, this place will absolutely live up to your expectations. It's a little off the beaten path from the Strip, but worth it. The drinks are strong, and  the prices are fair. We had a very cool, personable bartender. It's a dark little hideaway with true vintage flair. I'm a fan!
5	Awesome Tiki Bar in Vegas! Nice and dark with delicious cocktails great glassware and theme appropriate juke box! We always make it a point to stop by when we are in town to get a drink, live up the tiki vibe and add a new mug to our collection! They have upgraded the seating in here since our visit last year, much more comfortable chairs now! We will be back again and again!
5	It was such a chill bar, my boyfriend and I had an amazing time and all I have to say is that they do not mess around with those drinks! They were showing some very strange shows on the tvs, mainly from the sixties but it was alright, cant wait to go back soon!
4	smoky, comfortable, great drinksso hard to leaveprobably best during the day
3	As a Bloody Mary maven, i had to go check out their much touted Mu'u Mu'u Mary that is at the top of the list for the Absolute Vodka Best Bloody Mary in the country. This is our 3rd visit to Frankie's so I feel somewhat qualified to review it. 1st time we went - i was just a lotta bit tipsy and all I remember really was having to go to the bar to get drinks and the tiny log chairs. the 2nd time I went - i was less tipsy but still had to go to the bar to get service. Last night we went early (5pm on a Saturday night) and sat at the bar. Guess what? I still had to walk down to the service area to get service. And it's not like we are TINY people. My son is 6' 8" We specifically told the bartender we were there to check out their Mu"u Mu'u Mary's. So here is how it went. 18 minutes after sitting at the bar we finally got up and got her attention. There were a total of 8 people, 2 security & 1 working on their electronics. 45 minutes later she came back (after my 6'8" son WAIVED frantically at her. I had 1 more & we bought a book. Our cab was waiting outside for 10 minutes until she finally came back with the check. About the Mu'u Mu'u Mary:It was pretty good. The part I loved the most was the Span garnish. The quail egg seemed to be just stuck on there for unusualness. It was very vodka-y. I mean a punch. I had a 2nd one just to make sure it wasn't just that one. Nope. PUNCH. the black/pink sea salt was a nice touch. I have an entire blog dedicated to Bloody Marys. I exclusively only drink them. This was a passable one It probably ranks in the top 10 for Vegas and certainly higher for atmosphere.Overall, when we have company in Vegas, we'll still probably put this on the list and just know that we have to get up off our fat asses to get the drinks. the atmosphere is great. dark, kitchey, smokey and loud. The black and white beach movies were a nice touch. But I wouldn't specifically get up and say "Oh let's go to Frankies" just not worth the Service portion. Oh and for the fat folks.. they did change their seats to regular chairs so much better & now they have open booth seating as well.
5	First time here, and it definitely won't be the last!  Just a fun little bar for  great tropical drinks.  Love the styling.  Yes it's smoky and dark, but it's still worth it to be in a tiki environment.  The bartender chick was really cool too.
4	pros...are you in the mood to go to a tiki bar?  well if you are in vegas this is the place to go.  the drinks are awesome and the place has a great vibe to it.  i would say that this is one of those places were you go there to hang out with your friends and just chill.  no waiting in line, no club scene, just a good old fashioned bar.  you can meet people here and talk and sit in a genuine tiki atmosphere.  drinks were awesome.  well at least according to my friends, as i am almost always the designated driver.  my other thing is to collect tee shirts of all the cool places and this place qualifies.  so i got a shirt instead of a drink.  cons...watch out for the bathrooms...it's dark and unless you have been there before, you won't really know which one to go in.  but luckily there were some very nice people who lead me to the right door.  and just in case you are wondering, Left is for the men and right door for the women.
4	Love this place, the drinks are awesoooooo.....mmmmmmm....
5	I've passed this place for years and had never been! When my friend Jasmine came to town my group of friends decided to meet here!Frankie's decor is awesome! It has low lighting and blow fish as lighting fixtures! It is a very small intimate bar. They have a back booth for larger groups and small tables for couples or you can always sit at the bar. Which was full up cause it was a Friday night.Their specialty is of course tiki drinks. They have a lot of them. The potency is rated by the number of skulls given to each drink. You can even purchase a tiki glass to bring home. My first drink was a Lava Letch. It only had 3 skulls, but was very tasty and went down smooth. Let me just interject here and tell you as we were deciding on what our second drinks would be, Nicholas Cage walked in the bar! At first we all thought it was an impersonator being Vegas and all. But my friend Carrie went up to where he was and looked him right in the face and realized it was not an impersonator and booked it back to the table. So I decided that this would be a good time to go up to the bar and directly past Nicholas Cage's table, to order my drink. Luckly my friend Becki came too!. She ordered her drink first and just as I was squeezing my way up to the bar there he was standing over me!! Nicholas Cage! Let me tell you he smelled good! I wanted to say something , but I clammed up. He was quick to order and like a flash was back at his table. You can understand it took me a minute to recover from that. I finally made my drink order which was a not well thought out move. I ordered the Wai'anae Wipeout which had five skulls. If you like super sweet drinks this is for you, but the mango juice was just way too sweet. Overpowered the whole cocktail. I couldn't even finish it. I really enjoyed Frankie's and not just because Nicholas Cage showed up. Show's he's got good taste though!  I can't wait to go back and try some of their other tiki drinks! Maybe we should do an UYE event there!
1	This place is a dive.  It appears to have been a strip joint in the past as there are no windows in the place.There was only one person working there and the place had quite a few customers.  To get drinks you have to belly up to the bar and it took a while.  They really need to hire a waitress to help take orders and serve drinks.The drinks are good and pack a punch.  They were definitely loaded with flavor, I give the bar tender high marks for that.This place is a $20 dollar cab ride from the Vegas strip and is definitely not worth the travel.The place was so full of smoke we could hardly see.  It is also very dark inside, not always a bad thing but bring a pen light to read the menu.  I shared my light with several people or they were using their cell phones for light.STAY AWAY, there are better places along the Vegas strip, and you are at least safe walking along the Vegas strip
5	If you are deciding to go to Frankie's Tiki Room ask yourself the following:1.  Am I going to complain loudly about being in a smoky room?2.  Am I too lazy to get off my ass to go the bar to order my drinks?3.  Am I scared to go to a neighborhood that isn't part of a master planned community?If you said yes to any of those 3, don't go, we don't want you anyway.  Frankie's is a divey Tiki Bar with poor ventilation and lots of smokers.  It is dark, has tacky decor and has no waitresses.  But you know what?  That is why most people like it.  That and the awesome drinks.  Great menu, all retro tiki drinks, also fun ceramic mugs to buy.  This isn't a place about looking beautiful or being hip, it is about good strong drinks and enjoying the people you are with.  Go to Frankie's to have a laugh, hang out and get drunk.
5	Frankie's is easily the most unique bar in Vegas. Stepping in the door you are transported to a dirty Hawaiian Tiki Hut. Frankie's is dark, smoky, and has a jukebox full of psychedelic surfer acid rock. The TVs are showing old Hawaiian films, burlesque troupes, or vintage porn. After talking to the bartenders, I found that the Tiki's and all of Frankie's is carved by the grandson of the man who created the Enchanted Tiki Room at Disneyland (now, if only the bird sang words and the flowers bloomed here). Frankie's is a total dive. Unlike ordinary dives, this is not the type of place you order a Jameson Neat, it's the place where you go to drink the delicious hand-crafted cocktails.  Pretty sure I've said this before, but the drinks and atmosphere transport you out of Vegas and to a tropical getaway.My only beefs with Frankie's are the parking lot and how smokey it is, but that's water under the bridge. It's been great since it all began, I'm a regular Frankie fan. (Anyone get the punny I made?)Since my last review, they've extended the tiki drink menu and still have the skull system in place. The more skulls, the more potent. Being the "lightweight" that I am, a 3 skull drink will still put me on the edge of tipsy and for only $8. Total score!When I have friends that come to visit me from out of town that aren't club/strip folks, Frankie's is 1 of 2 spots I offer up. Frankie's is a legit spot for delicious one-of-kind cocktails, ambience, people watching, and good times to hang with friends.
5	A+. My friend and I are natives and have been searching for the places where all of the real Las Vegans hang out, as lately it seems as though tourists have taken everything over.... I think we found it... No pretension here. It's smoky, and dark, but not at all dirty or unnerving. Weird to think we've driven past this place thousands of times and never thought to stop in. I'm glad finally we did. A previous reviewer had mentioned that the doorman was really friendly; the gentleman working the door the night we visited (Mike!) was incredibly friendly, and my friend and I both agreed that we'd be back in part because of that first impression (so nice!!). It's small inside... a lot smaller than I had anticipated; however, it wasn't at all loud or rowdy; as some smaller bars can seem when they start to fill up.I think the only thing that could have made the place better was if it had a rooftop terrace (random, I know) but the extra space would've been nice and it wouldn't have been as smoky. Oh, and the drinks were good too. I had something with whiskey in it, as I'm not one for sweet, fruity drinks, but for the price it was good and strong.
5	One of my favorite bars in Las Vegas :))) Drinks are unique and strong. Flat rate lol for drinks $9 which may seem pricey BUT they are yummy :) Parking is not big and it always seems busy which is weird cuz I don't know where everyone parks lolI highly recommend visiting this place when you visit Vegas tho. But don't climb the tiki's they don't like that. Something about the tikis being authentic or something! Lol
5	What a great place.!Very smoky but had lots of personality!  Tasty and strong,  the drinks were very interesting. My friend bought one of their souvenir mugs which was well worth the price. Weird videos on their TVs just added to that overall retro feel. You won't want to miss this place!
4	My best friend loves to come here, so I tag along. It is quite smokey, but the staff here are fantastic. My friend walks in (she visits a bit since she lives close by) and they know her drink without her asking or anything. The drinks typically have rum in them, but they are all tasty and are great. Good reasonable prices, but great to go to. Not my favorite place to go, but a solid second when my friend suggest.
5	Long before P. Moss took this place over I came here. The diviest of dive bars. Back then you had better come in strapped. Now the place is popping and I still go in strapped. Ha ha! I see a lot of summerlin ladies slumming. Young hip crowd. Tattooed hipsters. Geek winding FB types. Twitter tweeks. But the bartenders are best. Focused and friendly.
5	What a fun place!  Prepare to be blind when you first walk in - going from Vegas sun into a cave takes some adjustment.   And if you are allergic to cigarette smoke, stay far, far away. But once you are past those obstacles, kick back with their drink menu and your iPhone flashlight, and find the drink(s) that call your name.  We were there for happy hour, so all drinks were only $8.  Every drink has a potency rating - I had the Lava Letch and it was 3 skulls, with a great flavor.  I tried my friend's 5 skull rated beverage and it just tasted like cheap booze.  Two TVs show weird videos and movie clips the entire time, and there are gambling machines built directly into the bar.  I bought their latest tiki mug, and while expensive, it is AWESOME!  Very similar to the Brady Bunch tiki necklace, for those that remember... Makes me want to visit Frankie's every year, just for the latest mug. Final tip:  the ladies room tiki is the one wearing the lipstick. :)
4	Love, love, love the tiki room! The drinks are a bit pricey but definitely worth the moolah.
3	Kind of a Las Vegas legendary bar and worthy of a trip to any Las Vegas local or out of towner who wants to cross something off the Las Vegas checklist for having done it once, but maybe not a need to do it twice.  Small space, themed and appropriately decorated and great fun strong drinks.  On the downside, you will walk out of there smelling like an ashtray.  Because of the space, years of smoke are simply in the walls, floors, fabrics.
4	Got to love Frankies.  Its a trip back to old Vegas.  Its fun, good classic music. and a list of specialty cocktails that all have a lot of life.   Not just a bunch of basic cocktails with a minor twist of new garnish, these things each have a story and a great name.  The menus also gives each drink a SKULL rating for strength.   5 is the highest but they are still delicious.
5	My last visit to Vegas, I stopped in at Frankie's Tiki Room and immediately loved the atmosphere. The small quaint vibe with the Polynesian theme seems to be a favorite of mine.  So what I liked the most, is you can sit at the bar and gamble, watch a sports game, or watch a 1950's, what seems to be, a funky porno. :-)  Not quite sure what I was watching; but it was interesting & FUN! (I'm pretty sure it was definitely a 50's porno)So we ordered three different drinks and 2 out of 3 were yummy! I can't recall the names, but one tasted like a pina colada (wasn't) Yum; second was a pineapple flavor blend (Yummier than the first) and third...well let's just call it cherry cough syrup.  :-) No bueno! The drinks were fun with lots of flavor.  The menu seemed like a wide variety of tropical blends and all sounded fabulous. The bad thing is, they're so yummy you can definitely over indulge yourself. These drinks were not lacking alcohol and are silently deadly. I hope to taste every drink at some point.Another cool feature in the bar; if you don't fancy sitting on a bar stool, you can sit in the cabana style booths. I didn't get a chance to sit back in this area, but will on my next visit. They had a more private, tucked away feel on a tropical island. My favorite!Overall, I really enjoyed this place and from the sounds of it, it can get very busy.  I was fortunate to be able to enjoy this place without the large crowds and cigarette smoke. Frankie's will definitely become a favorite of mine and frequent stop for me when in town.
4	I love going in here because it's so unique. BUT with that said be prepared for it to be smokey inside. But everyone is nice, drinks are amazing, and the atmosphere is unique and fun.
5	Best Mai Tai!! Cool little spot off the beaten path.... A locals spot - not slammed with tourists which was nice ( I was the tourist ). No pretense, flashing lights or unce, unce fist pumping music. Good conversation, cool bartender and a little vintage boob visual on the screens - loved it!
5	Fun little local hot spot! Awesome super strong drinks you will love! Super dark so when you walk outside it's almost blinding!! Bartenders are fun laid back and always having a good time! Very random people that come from all walks of life tend to hit up this bar!
5	The Lapu Lapu is beyond fabulous! It's a fruity drink for those who aren't big on alcohol. All the drinks are fresh and wonderful and come with a souvenir swizzle stick. You can get any drink in a tiki glass to match the authentic vintage decor. Such a great, chill local spot. A must!
5	Oh Frankie.  You are going to be the end of me.  I can't walk into this place without leaving completely shit faced.  & that's usually only after two drinks!  Each cocktail is rated with a number of skulls - 5 being the most alcoholic.  Watch out for those!  One 5 skull drink will knock your socks off!  The drinks are expensive ($9) but they are definitely loaded.  They don't pour light at Frankie's!  They also have a full bar if you aren't in the mood for a cocktail.My favorite thing about Frankie's is that they will let you bring in your own food!  My friends and I like to make a pit stop at the Carl's Jr. down the street to grab some greasy food to soak up all that booze.  The bar is decorated like a vintage tiki hut.  Blowfish lights, cool tiki art and typical 60's style tiki music plays in the background.  The only thing that I have a hard time with at Frankie's is the haze of cigarette smoke that never seems to leave.  It's a super small place so when even one person lights up, it fills the whole place.  Since a lot of people smoke when they drink, I can't stay but for a couple of hours.  The whole next day my eyes sting & my throat is raw.  I know Las Vegas will never ban smoking in public places/bars/etc. but a girl can dream.Tip - If you wear a Hawaiian shirt on Fridays, you get half off your 1st drink!
5	Definitely a favorite! I particularly like bringing my out of town guests here for some amazing drinks and fun time. The drink menu gives amazing descriptions of each one and the skulls after the description describe how strong it is. Personal favorites are the Zombie and the FInk Bomb. Sometimes it gets really packed and the parking lot is pretty small so you may have to park and walk across the street.
5	Super, super nice! Tikied out! Not to far from DTLV
5	Classic tiki bar in the old school tradition. amazing decor , fantastic drink menu and great bartender. loved it !
3	This bar is very unique I love the decor and the ambiance,! Having said that the bartender needs a class .in social interaction. After asking about the specialty bar menu she basically said what you see is what you get...nice touch! Then when she was mixing our drinks she commented to me and my friend that ,this is not brain surgery... Really??? I think she needs training in customer service, this local will never go back and it's a shame. Nice place, but bad vibe behind the bar, she needs a lot of work Frankie...maybe brain surgery!
4	If you wanna feel like you're in Hawaii, come here. When my friends visit I love bringing them here. It's a really relaxed and chill place. They have signature drinks that will rock your world that range from $8-11. Worth it considering the flavors you get. I love the Tiki Bandit and The Sea Hag! Get in now!!!!!!
5	Not only do they have the largest list of Tiki drinks, they are also happy to make Non-alcohol drinks. The Bartenders are really the nicest and best in town!!!!
5	My favorite bar ever. Bartenders are super friendly.  Mike is my favorite.  Decor is great. We always get fink bombs. Beware: these drinks taste Soooo good. You will get shit faced. We always stop in for some night caps when we are in town. Now that I'm prego, that make me a wonderful "mothers milk" concoction of juices. Love this place!!
5	All who know me know that Frankie's is my go to bar when I'm home in Vegas. On the outside, I'll be honest, the place looks way small and a little dated. But you walk in and get put into a dark Hawaiian paradise. If you are into original monster movies or rockabilly sensibility then you adore this place. They have a special drink menu, they list potency by skull ratings from 1 to 5. Be warned, 5 skulls is no joke. It will put you on your ass. (They have beer and other drinks as well.) Recently I had a Bloody Mary and it was probably the best I've had in Vegas, aside from my house. Just keep in mind first Fridays, Fridays, and Saturdays can get super packed.
4	Divey and fun. Welcoming vibe without being all touchy-feely. Order at the bar and let them call you a cab.
4	Since I didn't drink (unfortunately) due to driving commitments this review will solely be on atmosphere and coolness and my friend's opinion of their Mai Tai.Atmosphere is awesomely Tiki, almost candlelit, and the chairs, tables and even the faux straw umbrellas gave it an authentic Island feel in a city of fakeness.  The only downside was the stench of the place, a mixture of old spilled sugary drinks on the floor creating a funky smell combined with the cigarette smoke created an otherworldly scent that might take you a few minutes to get used to.Service was overall good, tropical drinks were reasonable priced considering how many ingredients are in them and how strong they are (my friend stated their strength).  My only qualms with the place is the cost of a soda for Designated Drivers, I understand the way a business works and marking stuff up, but seriously you are just giving DD's an incentive to drink instead of being the DD.  (Just saying)  Definitely plan on coming back and having a few drinks though!!!  Great Jukebox too!!!
3	Friend wanted to check out a new spot. Frankie's it is. Small little dive bar with specialty drinks and gaming at the bar. It was pretty smokey inside though and I was thankful I wore my glasses rather than my contacts because my eyes were dry as fuuuuck!!! Other than that it was pretty cool, the specialty drinks weren't too expensive and they were STRONG!
5	Such a cute spot. The drinks are delicious, the bartenders are nice, mellow environment , and pretty fun. It's a good pregame place. Must bring all my friends here.
5	While I was in Vegas on business, I made it my immediate goal to shun the strip and the horde of mid-westerners there (yes I am from michigan, If I wanted to be surrounded by drunk people from the midwest I would have stayed home.)My business partner and I are definitely punk-rock / rockabilly dudes so this place and the double down quickly became our go-to spots. Our plane got in LATE, and we had slept on the plane so at 2 am on a sunday what are you to do ? Get a cab to the Tiki room. We knew it was a good sign when the cabbie didn't know where it was. Went inside to a giant tiki right as it bellowed smoke, knew this was THE place for us. Filled with local friendly people spent an hour or so talking with the bartender and the bouncer both of whom were awesome and very friendly. Had 2 drinks, Green gassers to start which were awesome, Mellow the bartender recommended Fink Bombs next also delicious. Then came time to walk to the hotel. Unbenounced to us our legs were much drunker than our minds, nevertheless we made it back safely walking to the LVH. (**Note, this walk is VERY long and through some bad neighborhoods so I won't say it's a good idea.)Went back multiple times throughout the week, will be back!!
5	You'll never find another Frankie's Tiki Room anywhere this is must stop if you're in Vegas. We stumbled upon this cave like dive bar early early afternoon when the sun was full, after about 10 minutes we could actually see our hands in front of our face and it had a glass of some strange concoction. It's a very unique establishment that serves killer drinks ( be warned and be smart).  It's a very cool place friendly people everywhere we really enjoyed the decor and found a corner to hunker down and enjoyed the potions served up. This is booked marked for future use we loved it and definitely will return hope it never goes away :-)
5	Small, local, cute, Hawaiian themed bar! It's a bit smokey and dark in the place but none the less still a good place to kick it at.Their drinks are rated with skulls, from 1-5, 5 being the strongest! I had a Kahiki Kai! Best mixed cocktail I've ever had! It was only a 3 skull drink, did not taste how strong the alcohol content was, but man did it hit me! Some of the guys had a Bender Ender, which was 5 skulls, personally was too strong for me!I wish they had food because who doesn't want food when they're drunk??? Lol BUT ANYWAYS..I will def go back here to try the other drinks!
3	Great drinks , tiki mugs made in china, NOT COOL!!!!!! But they ran out of glasses and served us in plastic cups that were several ounces shorter them the glasses, but we were charged the same!!
3	This place is small, dark, and drinks are somewhat strong. The only complaint is it's kinda smokey (buy u get tht at most bars) and the room doesnt have enough places to sit for all the people coming in.
2	Great atmosphere & delicious drinks, but this place reeks of cigarettes. The stench is overwhelming & is the only reason I probably won't return.
4	Classic tiki drinks, awesome collectible tiki mugs, dark, not-to-be-bothered vibe. I love this place. Always a stop when I'm visiting Vegas.
5	Great Hawaiian mixed drinks  drinks cute girls and very odd TV selection
5	Frankie's is the greatest. Good music, tasty drinks and awesome tiki decor. my favorited have always been the Kahiki Kai and the Fink Bomb. I haven't had a chance to try a lot of the updated menu but from what I've had, it's just as good and it's always nice to have more options.
4	I hate using the term local gem, but that's really what Frankies Tiki Room is. You will walk out smelling like a cigar, but the drink menu is fantastic and you can always find some great local characters at the bar.
4	Looking for that eclectic oasis in the downtown area?  Maybe you're looking for a tropical fix, anytime of the day? Well Frankie's Tiki Room definitely has what you're looking for! I chose this joint one night, partly because my friends have said some pretty amazing things about this place. Man, I'm glad I chose it!Frankie's is located west of the I-15 on Charleston.  If you've passed the gas station and Wendy's, you've already missed it.  Bright pink neon lights line the side and front of the building.  Trust me, you'll see it! The building looks like an old adobe style building with a half circle arch entrance.  Along with the joint's name on the building, the archway is labeled with "Kahi Maluhia Loa I Ka Honua."  With all my years of high school Hawaiian 101 classes, the only meaning I can think of is "Peace on Earth."  Keep in mind that Hawaiian is super conceptual and can have many meanings but I think they meant to wish everyone good peace! Once you enter the tiki guarded doors, you are literally taken to the entertainment version of the southern Pacific islands.  The lights are super dim and intimate. The place is filled with the Pacific island theme: wooden carvings, netting, fisherman's glass balls, thatched hut awnings and of course, tikis!  The seating area offers variety for everyone.  There's bar tops, high tops, table seating and booths.  Along with low lit green, yellow and blue ceiling lights, the main color in the room is red.  Red glass candle holders on tables and red lights against the walls, creates a fiery, lava look.  All in all, this place offers a very on point theme!On the night I visited, the bartenders were Mike who had dreads and Nate who rocked an epic beard.  When it came to the service, they were AH-MAZE-ING! Super nice, they introduced themselves to me and my guest.  These guys were attentive, personable and really made my experience a great one.  As my first visit, I enlisted them to choose some of their most popular drinks. Here's what they recommended to me.  Keep in mind that there are more ingredients in these drinks.  The menu only displayed the main ones:Fink Bomb: A mellow blend of coconut rum, 160-proof rum floater, melon liqueur and pineapple juice. The bartenders recommend mixing the floater in. Man, this drink gives you a kick! The 160-proof rum floater is super strong and brings a spunky life to this libation.  Thank goodness for the sweetness of the coconut and pineapple combination or I'd be sleeping in the booth!Kahiki Kai: Coconut rum, banana liqueur and pineapple juice, garnished with a cherry and cut of pineapple. This drink is the tropical punch you've been waiting for.  The pineapple juice offers a pleasant tart flavor, accompanied with coconut and hint of banana.Malekula: Coconut rum, Tuaca, melon liqueur and pineapple juice.  The coconut rum is super prominent in this drink.  Accompanied with the melon liqueur, your sweet tooth with certainly thank you!Bearded Clam: Light rum, simple syrup, mint leaves and passion fruit juice.  This is your classic mojito with a tropical twist.  First sip is a bit tart; however the passion fruit really changes the flavor in the after taste.  Super awesome!At the end of the day, I had a wonderful time at this place.  Minus the smoky atmosphere, you have great bartenders, a chill vibe and super awesome drinks.  I don't know why it's taken this long to try this place out but I can tell you this: I will definitely be back!  If you're in the area, you need to check this place out!
4	This is one of my favorite bars in town. When I meet tourists and they want to do a non-Vegas, strip related activities, and to experience local bars, this is one of my top recommendations. Obviously, the tiki room is a luau style/island style bar. They have signature rum style drinks. On their menu each drink has a rating 1-5 "skulls". My favorite is the Wild Watsui-- 5 skulls. It's not strong, not too sweet, but gets the job done. What's also great is surf music that they play. Think Dick Dale and the Del-tones or The Phantom Surfers. If you really like the bar, you have to buy Frankie's tiki glassware. They have multiple choices (tiki man, eastern island, volcano). It's a small bar but once you walk in, it is a must love environment.
5	Finally . . . back in Las Vegas . . . and this time . . . a night time visit to Frankie's Tiki Room.This place is off the hook at night . . . a packed house . . . with hipsters . . . tourist . . . regulars . . . and all here for one reason . . . to sample and drink the outrageous, tasty libations prepared by one of Frankie's great bartenders.Another place that I wish was closer to home . . . okay . . . maybe not . . . but only because I would be here every night . . . enjoying the great drinks.See you next trip . . .
4	Cheesy as hell...wanted to hate this beach bar in Neveda, but I just couldn't help myself.  Drinks are so damn tasty and inventive it is a new fav now.  Better like rum drinks if you come here or it's a waste of time.  Not a big place so get there early to get a seat.
4	We love Frankie's and their Fink Bombs! Great tiki bar in Vegas to visit and kick back!
5	Great bar! Feels exactly how a tiki lounge should feel.  Came here Valentines day night and it was crowded, I had a seat while my date stood until a seat became available, the 2 bartenders working were busy but still took time to talk about their drinks and recommendations.  I ordered a drink in a souvenir cup, I don't remember what it was but the bartender asked what flavors I liked, after she shined the flashlight on the sample cups on the shelf I chose the Wild Watusi cup, and she recommended something with passion fruit/guava flavors in it.  These drinks could get dangerous, even though it tasted like a tropical fruit punch it wasn't super sweet and/or syrupy tasting, it was a great combination of flavors and liquor!  After I finished my drink they rinsed out my tiki cup and swizzle stick and boxed it back up.  I want to go back and collect them all...Pokemon style!!
4	How can anyone NOT love this place?  It's so kitschy.  The drinks are totally delish.  I had a Nakalele Knockout (which seemed more gingery than hibiscus-limey) and a Scorpion.  Loved them both.  Ponied up for the current Tiki Mug, which was a Frankenstein motif.  Cute.Only negative is the 20 year old ashtray smell that permeates the place, your clothes, and your hair, but otherwise, the decor in this tiny little piece of paradise rocks.  The bartenders were pretty good, the lady was super friendly.  Bring a designated driver and come get your drink on!
5	Frankie's is always a good time. Tropical drinks & tiki mugs. Video poker & 1950's topless videos. A "Sin-o-meter". AHHHH yes this is Frankie's. Fun for locals and tourists alike. A little bit kitsch, a little bit dive bar...just what Vegas needed. There is nothing new Vegas about it, thank goodness. Love their newest mug, Frankiestein! Everyone should try the Kahiki Kai once in their life. A 5 skull is an extra stiff drink if that's what you're after. One tip: Get there early for your large group to grab a booth spot.
5	Frankie! Great spot - off tha Strip! Local joint with an amazing assortment of libations! The service was good and the drinks were great - thanks Mike! You are a great mixologist! Cant wait to make this a regular stop everytime im back
5	Great decor. Great vibe.. Great bartenders. GREAT jukebox. Great videos. And.....GREAT DRINKS! This is what every "dive bar" should be like!
5	My favorite bar since moving to Las Vegas!! I am a little biased however, because Rum is my favorite liquor. The staff is rally friendly, and their signature drinks are amazing. Go there if you like to be adventurous in your drinking (you're definitely there to try something new). It's dark and a little smokey in there, and the vibe is super cool if you're into dive bars. They also have Tiki Carvings once in a while, which is really cool. Their drinks are all $10, but as a moderate drinker, I have yet to drink more than three per visit (although I stick to the 5 skull drinks). Try the Fink Bomb, you won't be disappointed.
4	We found out about Frankie's from Yelp, but it turns out this place has quite the reputation amongst our friends as well.  We had to see it for ourselves and were not disappointed.  When I walked in, it almost felt like I walked into the set of Indiana Jones.  Like we were in the midst of some kind of treasure hunt, in some kind of dark swamp.  The contrast between the bright lights outside (because who doesn't need a drink at 11AM) and the darkness inside took some getting used to.  The interior design is fantastic; they've done a great job of creating a relaxed atmosphere with Hawaiian-themed decor.  There's a little TV running old school black & white topless videos, which were quite entertaining.  It's odd to think of women doing that in the 50s.  They seemed more wholesome back then.  As a big Gilligan Island's fan, I had to order the Thurston Howell and it was everything I had hoped, and more.  Strong drinks, low-key atmosphere, and fast/friendly service.  We will definitely be back to visit this little gem off the strip!
5	This is by far the best bar I've been in since we moved to Vegas 20 years ago. Yes, it's that good. The atmosphere, the drinks (strong) the bartenders - all top notch.Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
3	Great dive bar. This is one of the popular places when Viva Las Vegas is in town. It is a little dark, very dark in the place (had to take the cell phone out to see the menu), but who needs to see at a bar. Seems to be a popular place for locals for Happy Hour. They have a great selection of tropical drinks. Perfect place to go to be incognito! If you have to use the restroom, make sure you observer a little while, since the only indication of mens vs women's is the lipstick on the tiki mask (which is hard to see in the dark)! Very Vegasy! I will definitely visit again!
4	Great spot with to meet up with friends before or after a night out on the town, Excellent drinks, amazing atmosphere and a friendly staff. Cant go wrong! only complaint is that it is a small building and it fills up very quickly which occasionally makes it difficult to find a seat.
4	Oh Frankie's how I love thee. Smoky, dark, divey with fun drinks. Now, I'm not the biggest fan of rum drinks but it is a must here. You have the choice to have your drink served in one of the many souvenir glasses (I really want the Easter Island statue replica). On weekend nights, it's quite busy and one night they even had a man with a chainsaw making a fresh totem pole out of a log. It's also a great place to wind down after a night shift when it's less busy and you get one on one time with one of the many great bartenders. Let's just take a moment to talk about the random clips that play on the tvs. Sometimes, old school porn, sometimes old school porn with marionettes who then kill their partner, surfing scenes, beach scenes and just all and all randomness. Never a dull moment. In summary, solid drinks, casual, fun and great service.
5	You MUST go to Frankies when in Vegas.  The vibe is old school Hawaii and they are open 24-7. There is a rating scale, the more skulls the stronger the drink, be warned they are all strong.  It was packed and dark by time we got there, hence no photos. I had the Lapu Lapu, it seemed so innocent in its passion fruit goodness but it packed a Hawaiian punch! A must stop on my next trip, hit me again Frankie!
5	This place is legit!  Yes it is located in a gas station parking lot!!  Well worth your drive off the strip...only 10 min away from any resort. The Tiki Room is a great dive bar full of people watching and strong cocktails. The bartenders are friendly and know how to make a great drink. The menu is full of signature cocktails that are sure to get the fire started, or you can have them make you anything your heart desires. All the signature cocktails are $9 and served in a jumbo glass. For $25 you get your drink in a keepsake tiki mug. There is also video poker and a jukebox.
5	Awesome. Surf music and strong drinks in a dark but tropical oasis. Perfect place if you enjoy retro kitsch and get tired of the monotony of the strip. This place may look big from the photos, but is actually quite small. Don't worry, just be patient cuz tables open up quickly. I think we only waited about 10 min till a table of 4 opened up for us. Oh, and don't forget to get a souvenir tiki mug to bring home!
5	A Vegas treasure. It's a great alternative to the cookie cutter poker bars throughout the valley. Killer drinks, a very unique juke box and random old movie clips on the TV. The crowd is interesting too. It evolves as the night gets later.
5	So in love with this place. I wish I could wrap it up and put it in my pocket. I have been dying for a true Tiki experience for years. I was pleasantly surprised when I found Frankie's and added it to my bookmarked places for Vegas. The outside has pink neon lighting and really give you that vintage vibe before you walk in the door. Once inside you feel like you walked into a Shag painting. They really know how to capture that 1960's vibe. They have an extensive drink list as well as a full bar. We were lucky enough to find a spot inside the little tiki hut. There were a bunch of locals and only a handful of easy to spot tourists. All of the drinks are $9 and are very large and strong. There are skulls next to each drink that describes its intensity. The one downer that they are not all served in traditional tiki glasses. If you want one you can purchase them for $25 including the drink. I was sort of bummed out by that because the best part of tiki bars are those cool vintage glasses. I had 2 of the drinks, both which included tropical juices and I was feelin' pretty good. I can't remember exactly which I had, I know one was blue and the other was pineapple something. Both were delish. 2 drinks are more than enough for one person to enjoy. This place is a total experience. I highly recommend this place both for locals and for tourists. Totally relaxing and fun environment with a twist.
5	Great spot off the strip with great staff!  My friend is a regular so it's even more fun even though I'm not a fan of the weekly bar visit this place is pretty fun!
4	The joy of a tiki bar is escaping the madness of the day to day life.... I needed a break from the Vegas Strip. Frankie's scratched that itch perfectly. On a scale of 1 - Elvis: the drinks = Chuck Berry, Atmosphere = Elvis (early 70s, sweaty but still kicking butt). I forget the bartender's name, but he was awesome at navigating my haole co-workers to libations that fall in the more familiar shores for their tastes. This helped extinguish any mutiny that might have occured in our crew  due to me dragging them 20 minutes from the hotel. I would absolutely take the time to go back next time I pass through Vegas. The cheap drinks offset any cab fare you pay to get out there. They were cheaper than that well-liquor crap the casinos dish out. I also got a fist bump for being a tourist taking the time to come out to Frankie's. How about that? Also, it seems locals call it "Frankie's" and the cab driver got confused when we called it by its full name.
5	LOVE me some Frankie's. It is one of my very favorite bars in LV. Ask for Mike, he's the best!!(As a local, I'm kinda hesitant to share gems like these with tourists. haha)
5	YES~~GO HERE~~such a relief to find this place in vegas, a desert of authenticity.  even though this is a tiki themed bar, it is charming, quaint, and comfortable - unlike everything else on the vegas strip.  there's a huge selection of tiki drinks that come loaded with booze.  the ambience is really chill: its a really dark spot lit by candles, lamps and slot machines, with little booths tucked away in the back.  one of my FAVORITE things was the stellar compilation of island/tiki/surfer-themed film+video clips playing behind the bar!  the bartender said the owner has been adding footage to the reel for years...its full of weird+rare stuff!  in sum, its worth the cab ride here!!!!!!
3	A little too dark but still a nice place. Forgot what drink I ordered but it was tasty. Its a small  setting and good for small group of friends to have a few drinks. Very relaxed atmosphere.
1	Frankie's Tiki Room USED TO BE one of my favorite places to grab a drink... until last night.The short story:For no apparent reason, the husky bartender and a skinnier tattooed barback killed the music and shouted "last call!" to trick my group into thinking they were closing (even though it's a 24 hour bar).Reading this, you might wonder if my friends and I were causing trouble, being loud, or not tipping... in actuality, we paid for 9 drinks, acted right, and we know how to tip.After a large private party left around 3AM, we were the only group in the bar.The caucasian tattooed barback walks up to our table and says "did I hear you were heading out? I'm heading to a Crazy Horse Too as soon as I clean up your table!"I have no idea why the bartender and barback killed the music, and made us feel so unwelcome last night (Saturday night, 5/17/2014).Maybe they wanted to get rid of customers so they could sit around for a while.Maybe they didn't like our plaid shirts, or that we didn't have any females in the group.I won't be going back. Which is unfortunate. I have always received great service from other bartenders, and their drinks were incredible! I'll miss you Frankie's.I wish your tattooed barback and deceitful bartender would have given us some clue as to why they wanted us out.
3	I like Frankie's and it is certainly unique in terms of decor. I'll go back, but it really isn't all that unless you like to drink exotic specialty rum drinks. If you like them you will have a field day. If you don't, it's really not all that extraordinary.The music and the retro footage on the TV are cool, but it's not enough to really grab my attention for an extended period of time.Though it would seem to be very cool and eclectic, it actually feels kind of sterile to me once you settle in and know what to expect. Mos def experience it and see for yourself, there's nothing wrong with the place.
5	The drinks are so good. They are a bit pricey but they are so good. I was shit faced with only three drinks! I'm not sure if that's good or bad. But very fun atmosphere
5	This place is like heaven. Strong drinks, friendly service and dark. Always a must when visiting Vegas.
4	Went here after it was recommended by others on a travel forum.  Found the place, parked, and debated whether to go in or not.  Just not the friendliest of places from the outside.  Knew what to expect when we entered, and it was very dark as others have said.  Used the cell phone to order our drinks (Polynesian Pile Driver, Mutiny, and later, a Zombie).  All were fantastic.  Was a relief to get away from the watered down drinks of the strip and taste a real drink.  Everyone from the bartender to the other customers was super friendly.  Only left off a star due to the unfriendly nature of the outside.
4	This place is a dive came here because of yelp reviews and was a little disappointed,  I walked in to find it a very small square bar with only a couple tables. You have to order at bar and drinks run $9 if you like tiki souvenir cup it will cost you $25 each.Now the drinks were very strong but also very good. It's located way off the strip closer to freemont.
3	This is a well known bar in LV worth a trip for the locals or tourists who want to cross something off their bucket list or yelp bookmarks.  The parking lot is small and needs to be resurfaced and striped.  I am not sure why it needs to be so dark inside or why it is so smoky.  You will walk out smelling like an ashtray.  It seems you get better service if the bartender knows you and or you are a regular.  A good place to take visiting friends or family once but with aforementioned issues and $9 drinks not going to be my regular watering hole or featured stop on my next pub crawl.
5	My all-time favorite bar in Las Vegas. Deliciously strong drinks, amazing bartenders, fabulous decor, and groovy music. I've Never had a bad experience at Frankie's.
5	Best bar and drinks in Las Vegas. I can't imagine not liking it. The drinks are very strong and use authentic high quality ingredients. Not the kind of "tiki" drinks you get at Bahama Breeze! Love how dark the bar is. Very comfortable. The music is great too: surf, punk, garage, r n b, etc.
5	I'll write this review in "letters to Frankie's" style:Dear Frankie's,         Your drinks are amazing. When I show up here in the middle of the day on any random day I am always pleased. One time I showed up and the costumed cast of beetle juice was there... Another time I came after a fancy social event and met some great strangers... I used to live so close to you that I could walk over, and stumble home. It made me super happy.  As an avid lover of rum and all things tiki, this place has my name written ALL OVER IT. As misspelled and poorly written as it may be... It's there. Thank you for existing. I bring all my out of townies here. I love you Frankie. Love, Karlee
5	Frankie's is the living epitome what a tiki bar should be. It's size is small, but comfortable( on week days). The drinks are crafted well and reasonably priced. The bar staff is more than competent.  I have taken every out of town guest that has ever visited me to this little gem of a bar. In the vast expanse of lame Vegas bars, Frankie's is a bright shining star....
5	Just found this little gem on my last trip to Vegas. It's one of the coolest little dives I've ever found. The staff was great. Thanks Mike!!! Great drinks, friendly, knowledgable, attentive staff in a fun, darkly lit, chill spot. I can't wait to get back into town and take some friends there.
4	Frankie's is one of the most unique bars that I've ever been to. The ambiance is what you'd expect to see on some island in the middle of the South Pacific! Sure, they have a full bar where you can order a beer or a mixed drink but really what you're coming here for is the wide selection of tiki drinks! I'm used to drinking at dive bars so the $9 price tag on most of these drinks may seem a bit steep at first but they're carefully crafted, beautifully garnished and chock full of alcohol. If you're a lightweight like me, you'll feel pretty buzzed on just one and if you decide to drink two, you're pry not ok to drive. There is always some vintage film playing on tv and the music is generally surf influenced. Great ambiance, great place to talk. When people come from out of town, this is the kind of place that you must bring them!
5	Stepping into Frankie's for the first time is a time warp out of the desert of the millennium and into a dark Polynesian lagoon set from a 1960's tropical B-horror movie.  The lighting is almost pitch dim and a cloud of smoke floats out as you open the door.  As soon as your eyes adjust you are bombarded with totems and bamboo at every nook and corner.  There is no possible explanation for just how much detail has been paid to the decor.  "Tiki room" is not a gimmick for this place at all!  It puts even Disneyland's tropical attempt to shame.  The jukebox plays surf and lounge accordingly and the crowd is lively and eclectic.  Yet nobody is apt to pull any tomsnickery here either.  The bar is much cooler than anyone in it at any time.  You get a sense of respect, almost, for the Gods of the Pacific that surround you at every angle.  Snap out of it!  It's time to order your drinks!                                                                *I recommend the FINK BOMB*The drinks aren't cheap for any old bar($9 for signature drinks), but no bar serves drinks of this caliber anywhere.  Strong too!  Look towards the bar and adorn the array of signature tiki-mugs each made specifically for this oasis in the desert.  Make a choice and buy your drink in one for 25$.  You must!  They are amazingly posh and necessary for your collection.  We own 2 sets of each of them.  Yeah, the drinks are that good.  I cannot go into great detail for you here just take my words as an invitation.  If you think you are into this kind of thing than go!
5	I agree with all the 4 & 5 star ratings but not one mention of the Hawaiian bartender named "Mello" he is the greatest! How could people complain about  $9 tiki drinks? Tiki drinks take alot more work. Vegas is loaded with crappy $13 drinks!  I only wish the music jukebox had better speakers placed around the bar and more of it.  I love the 60's selection. Yes it is dark, so dark you can't see the menu and smokey but it is a "dive bar" I doubt the owner will do much to change anything we say, as customers, just be thankful something so unique is around.  Very very rare to find a bar quite like this. It is so puzzling to see people order only beer, but they just like the dark "vibe" I guess.
4	Great atmosphere and drinks...a little smoky overall for me (nonsmoker) but I always have a great time anyway. The specialty drinks are very strong and worth the price.
5	An essential stop for me when in Vegas. Strong drinks plus awesome atmosphere. Old school tiki at it's best with a touch of dive bar. Also... The tiki mugs they sell are some of the best available.
5	Every time we are in town we stop at Frankies. Drinks are stiff and we love buying the souvenir mug(s). No one is pretentious. Free parking.  Close to up and comping Fremont. Yes it's off of the strip but that's what makes it great. You don't have to deal with the drunks on the strip.  Every one here at Frankie's is pretty chill at this "dive"bar.   Please don't expect the $500 bottle service or VIP lounge.
4	Frankie's is a great dive bar. They have really good tiki drinks with a lot of crazy videos playing on the TV. This is one of the few places in Vegas that you can get high quality drinks comp'd while gambling. It's located right outside UMC. It gets pretty busy on the weekends and their parking lot is pretty small. So occasionally it's difficult to park. But it's worth a stop!
5	Frankie's is a terrific, authentic tiki bar with an amazing vibe. Great drinks. This is one of the better Tiki bars I have ever been in.
5	This bar is home! Many years ago my husband and I heard about Frankies but on our first visit to Vegas we were unable to find time to visit Frankies.  However on our next trip to Sin City we made it a point to get a drink and collectors mug! A few years ago my hubby flew in for a job interview and met some internet friends in person at Frankies!  Both the bar and our friends continue to delight and amaze us! Order a Zombie if you aren't driving!  The Scurvy and The Thurston Howl are interesting drinks! The Scurvy is a bit on the bitter side, while the Thurston is sweet and kind!!!!
5	There is an art to making a cocktail instead of a drink, Frankie's knows that. No cheap mixers here. You get fresh ingredients. Cocktails aren't about getting drunk, it's about relaxation, having a perfectly made drink that you can savor while you enjoy good company and great ambience. Thank you Frankie's for making a place that understands what a cocktail was meant to be.
5	I've been here a few times in the early evening, when it's not crowded. The place is really dark, but once your eyes adjust the place is adorable. All the drinks are $8, and arranged in a skull ranking. Bartenders are friendly and chatty, at least when they aren't busy. You can get cute little collectible tiki cups, as well as a tiki drink recipe book. Old 70's/Hawaiian themed videos play in the background constantly, and the jukebox pumps out appropriately themed music. Stop in, have a drink or two, but make sure you bring your designated driver. These drinks don't play.
4	I love the Tiki Room.  I've been coming here since I had my first fake ID (long long ago).  The drink menu is amazing, very wild, very tropical and lots of booze.  Total dive bar so don't come expecting fancy.  If you show up during the day, be prepared to be blind when you walk in.  Bottom line.  You need to come here, you need to drink too much, you need to thank me after.
4	WOW. Cant believe Ive lived here 3 years and barely showed up now. Fricking awesome drinks, reasonably priced, and fun decor! This dive bar rocks!! Very small, come early. Drink strength is rated on menu with skulls!! AWESOME!! Smokey as hell inside...otherwise 5 stars. Small price to pay for awesomeness!!
5	Plain and simple...Frankie's is an awesome tiki bar oasis, in the middle of the desert, with drinks that will knock you on your ass!Here are a couple tips...1. If it is still sunny outside, close your eyes before you come in so you don't look like a stumbling idiot when walking in the very dark bar. And don't forget those sunglasses when you exit, stumbling out of a bar is even worse!2. Its all about the skulls.  The more the better in my book. More = STRONGER drinks3. Go when it is not slammed so the bartender has time to make the drink right, with all of the many ingredients that go into their great cocktails.
5	Been coming to this tiki paradise ever since I discovered it while I was in Las Vegas. The drinks and atmosphere are amazing and I always get a tiki mug when I visit. To kill time you can play video poker at the bar. Go during the day to beat the crowds.
5	One word: amazing.
5	Let me just say this, I only had 3 drinks here and I was feeling awesome. Haha. All of the drinks here are a set 9 dollar price unless you want the really cool looking souvenir cups which are 25 I believe. The price isn't bad considering what only 3 of the drinks had me feeling. I tried the infamous Fink Bomb, Ninth Island and Zombie. The Ninth Island drink was definitely my favorite. They all have some type of fruit juices in them. The environment is really chill. It's a small, dark, dive bar. The bartender was also super nice and friendly. I will be returning here with some more friends next time. :)
5	What's not to love about Frankie's?? The drinks are crazy strong, service rocks, and the Tiki Mugs kick ass!!!!
5	Just the best!! Fabulous decor, delicious drinks, well worth a trip off the Strip.But here's the best part: I don't drink often these days, so was unexpectedly sloshed after only two drinks. (No joke about how strong they are!). And like a jackass I left my credit card at the bar. Which I only realized after I got home to Chicago. So I called Frankie's and they offered to send it to me via snail mail! I got my credit card back safe and sound. I didn't expect that level of service, but I was very grateful for it. That's some seriously exceptional service--I'll always be a fan!!
4	A really cool retro tiki-bar!  Great drinks and ambiance in a friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommended!
5	Their Kahiki Kai & Mu'u Mu'u Mary are my faves off the list.  I like to visit mostly when Melo works (Sun & Mon nights) because I've established a friendship with him from frequenting the Double Down, and as I've stated from my DD review, he's from Hawaii so it just enhances the tiki oasis experience
5	Awesome tiki bar that feels like you've been transported to an old Hawaiian hut soon as you enter the establishment.  Typical dive atmosphere; dark and smokey just the way I like it.  It tends to get crowded especially on weekends so be prepared to stand.  However, if you're one of the lucky groups who end up getting a table, seating/carved tiki stools are actually quite uncomfortable so I'd rather stand if I were you.I remember having the Fink Bomb as my first ever legal drink and it has been one of my top five favorite libations in Las Vegas ever since!  I like how the Cruzan Coconut rum, Midori melon liqueur and pineapple juice creates this tropical bliss that perfectly masks the floating Stroh 160 proof rum on top.  This is one of those drinks you gotta be careful of as it may initially appear as this totally fruity booze that you can down in one gulp but it certainly comes right around and next thing you know you've passed out in the alley next to the gas station.Overall, Frankie's Tiki Room is definitely one of those destinations you have to go to at least once while visiting Las Vegas.  Take a night out of clubbing and check out this dive.  Do me a favor, save your beer/typical mixed drinks at another bar and order something from their menu.
5	Tasty tiki goodness.
4	Granted, Frankie's Tiki Room has gotten quite touristy, but I still love to go there every once in a while. It is kind of funny to watch the tourists get all confused on how to order, or ask them what kinds of beer they have :o) The beer is great, the atmosphere is fun, and--music or not---it's always a raucous good time. It's like they say, you haven't been drunk in New York until you've been drunk at Frankie's Tiki Room.
4	Fun Atmosphere - Classic Tiki CocktailsI enjoyed this place. The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a tiki bar. The drinks were comically named and strong. It's what you want from a trendy tiki stop. The service was a little pushy/glaring, but I could look past that. It's a fun place to stop over with friends and grab a strong drink. I would definitely come back. Thurston Howel, I'll see you again!
5	Great joint! A Las Vegas legend and the ultimate throw back to the vintage years of Vegas.  A little Karaoke, a couple of drinks and excellent atmosphere make this watering hole - NUMBER ONE!!Stop by and visit. Mingle with the friendly patrons and relax.  No Expensive drinks here!!
5	By the time you're enjoying your second Fink Bomb, the crazy retro movie scenes showing over the bar begin to make sense. Smoky. Smelly. Not exactly friendly customer service....wish I could live here. If only. And I've finally learned which bathroom to use!
5	Wow first time here! Great dive bar with FULL tiki theme and and amazing strong speciality cocktails. Will be back!
4	Better than expected it a pretty small spot but very good atmosphere and decor. The bar tender was very laid back and gave us great service. We will definitely be coming back regularly with friendsThe drink menu is full of mid to very strong tasteful and creative drinks all drinks on the menu are $9 but well worth it after my first drink I was feeling pretty good. I would recommend the fink bomb its a creeper so don't take it lightly
5	I love this place! Can't wait to go back
4	Solid cocktails. Friendly atmosphere.
5	The Atmosphere is fantastic,  The drinks are great with a wide selection of options. I highly recommend this bar.
4	Tiki dive bar!  Decor is awesome, it's super dark in here even when it's still light out.  We lingered for quite a while and enjoyed a lot of drinks.  Pick up a T-shirt or a unique tiki mug!  Took us a long time to get a cab leaving, this place is really off the beaten path, but worth it!Only downside is the insane amount of cigarette smoke.  It took a good hour for my eyes to stop watering.
4	This is a fun place, but talking to each other and looking at each other is pretty much impossible so I'd say a very small group is good so you're right up next to each other. It's SO dark in there, and the music is very loud. The drinks are all super fun tropical types, be prepared to be F*#&ed up if you plan to drink more than a couple. They are sweet and delicious and will sneak up on you like my cat, who always seems to magically appear out of nowhere to trip me up when I'm trying to walk back to the couch with a plate full of food. Anyway, Frankie's doesn't serve food but will order you pizza or you can go get food and bring it in. BYOF?? It was really awesome that FUKU showed up when I needed it most. FUKU to save the day! I got my burger and brought it back in and ate it while enjoying my delicious coconut rum something something.
5	This is absolutely my favorite bar in Vegas, although my poor liver can only handle coming here once every couple of months. The bartenders are always awesome and helpful, and the decor is super fun.All the specialty drinks are $9 and rated by skulls, and are always super strong. I've tried many of the drinks on the menu (maybe 50-60%?) and haven't come across one yet that I don't like. My personal favorite drinks are the Zombie, Bender Ender, and Ninth Island. Always delicious, always strong. After two drinks you'll be feeling pretty good. After three I don't usually remember much!The only two downfalls of this place are that it's pretty small and can be hard to find a place to squeeze a group on the busier nights, and that parking can be pretty freaking hard to find - we've parked at the hospital on more than one occasion. Otherwise though, you can't go wrong at Frankie's!
5	Amazing place to chill with your friends. They have the best drinks in keeping with the tiki traditions. They have souvenir glasses. I have a whole set. Love the feel if this place.
5	I love this place!  The tiki drinks are delicious but strong, two five skull drinks is all you need.  Also, the decor is spot on, love the puffer fish lights!
5	A must see for any tiki lover. It's how bars should be. A must stop anytime in Vegas. If you love great drinks, tikis and great bar tenders this is the place. Aloha
5	Had a great time at Frankie's. I had a friend who moved to Vegas and told me about this place. Its off the strip and definitely a place for locals. We liked it tho. Wish I could pick it up and drop it in Burbank or North Hollywood. It'd be a cool place to go during the week hangout, relax and have a stiff drink.
5	One of the last old school Tiki bars in America.  Whenever I am playing tour guide in Vegas I always take my friends to Frankie's.  The drinks and atmosphere are absolutely awesome.  A nice break from the glitz and noise of the strip.  Like everything in Vegas it won't be here forever so see it while you can.
5	Two things brought my wife and I to Vegas...the prospect of being married by Elvis, and Frankie's Tiki Room. This place is literally my favorite bar in any city I've ever been. They've got it all figured out. Bamboo, thatch, and wood cover every square inch of this tribute to all things "tiki". From amazing original carvings, prints, furniture, and cocktails, to the best exotica, surf, and tiki music and vintage reels rolling 24/7, Frankie's has everything you could want in a tiki hangout. We arrived in Vegas on the red eye from Baltimore on a Saturday night exhausted, but we knew we wanted to check out Frankie's first thing. We caught a cab over around 1am, and stayed til after 4am, fueled by a mix of great conversation with Mike and Allison, and amazing tiki cocktails that were both delicious and imaginative. We ended up collecting 9 of their 10 current mugs that night, only stopping because they'd run out of a key ingredient for the 10th drink. But not to worry, in the 5 days we spent in Vegas, we managed to go back to Frankie's 3 times...once with our entire wedding party directly following the wedding ceremony, so we were able to collect the 10th and final mug. We also picked up their awesome book "Liquid Vacation". With all 77 of the cocktails they serve listed with easy to follow instructions on how to recreate their amazing drinks at home. I cannot say enough good things about Frankie's. The staff, drinks, atmosphere, and everything else was Aces!
5	I am not sure what I expected. What I got was a welcome exit from the strip. Right next to a gas station, Frankie's is where you want to be. The bartender, Mike is an epic dude. Personable, friendly and willing to chat out what's really going on with drinks. Is a small place, but you won't be disappointed.
5	Our favorite bar to go to while in Vegas! Atmosphere is awesome and the bartenders are fantastic. Grab yourself one of their signature mugs and suck down a nakalele knockout... I guarantee you'll be having a blast in no time.
2	The bar guy lost my card told me he gave it to me.I told them I was not leaving until they found it.They told me I was a liar. I stood at the bar for 30 min.Another bar person  found my card on the floor.I was handed the card which was covered in booze.And told they had not lost it.Not even a sorry after spending $200 on drinks.Avoid this overpriced  bar. With shifty staff.
5	always love this place, its on the list for every visit to town. Doesn't need a review just get down there and enjoy.
5	This is a legit Tiki bar. I come from Hawaii but was blown away by the awesomeness of this place. The drinks are delicious. They are rated on a "skull" system. Trust me go for the 5 skulls. Everything we tried was awesome. If you don't like a strong rum drink...... This is not your place. I was thrilled with everything. Bartender was good natured for being a guy working 10pm to 9am..... Yah we walked in at 3am and left at 8am.... Hello morning sun!!Love Frankie's and will be back on my next trip to downtown Vegas!!
3	It's definitely a tiki bar...I'll say that much, but for all the hype and history I have to say I was a little bit underwhelmed. It's small, and DARK, which are both fine, but when you walk in you are ASSAULTED by the worst stench of cigar and cigarette smoke I've ever smelled- and this is Las Vegas. I don't know why it's particularly bad, but you can't escape it. There is a very large selection of "tiki" drinks to choose from that have varying degrees of "poison" power depending on how s***faced you want to get, and with all the decor, light up blowfish, and hula girl porn playing behind the bar, I can't help but feel I'm at a Sharkeez. You don't even get the drink in an actual tiki cup unless you pay extra for it, which seems to negate the point of going to a tiki bar and ordering a strong and nearly undrinkable rum beverage. Anyway, I came, I saw, I went, not rushing back.
5	I love it. The Hawaiian theme really works here. The drinks are super strong and the bartenders are great!
5	Strong drinks...I mean really strong and super delicious. Cool environment as tiki bars go with spooky surf tunes and dancing hula girls on a video loop. Lit by puffer fish lamps and watched over by tiki gods that would make Greg Brady flee in fear Frankie's Tiki Room is a true local gem. Given its proximity to the strip (in a somewhat dingier area) you can't beat the prices. $9 for every drink!!! Did I mention how strong they were? Wife and I had 2 each including a Zombie (powerful to the point of being for expert drinkers only), a Thurston Howl and a Tiki Bandit (each like sweet nectar that sneak up and kick you in the ass) and were pretty sloshed by the end of the affair. It's a small joint so get there early if you want a seat and prepare yourself for some "local types" who get a little rambunctious but it's all quite worth it. If you go to Vegas for clubs and Steve Aoki please don't come here but if you want a good time without the hassle of the "new" Las Vegas than this spot is a necessary stop.
3	Bartender was a heinous miserable female but the drinks were bomb!  I would go back just for the gnarly drinks but the service was totally Yucca yucca!
5	If you haven't been to Frankie's, you are missing out on a true Vegas experience. This place is the ultimate hole-in-the-wall, with a parking lot big enough for a dozen cars. Come early in the evening or on a weeknight because it fills up fast. Bar can be a bit smokey because of its size but the drinks and mood lighting more than make up for it. Drinks are noted on the menu with their level of potency, and all of them are $9. (Unless you want to buy and keep a souvenir glass.) Bartenders pour 'em nice and strong, adding the ice at the end. If you're looking to have more than two drinks, plan to call a cab! If the great service and strong drinks aren't enough to keep you, come for the decor alone. TVs behind the bar play everything from old WWE clips to top less Hawaiian dancers. Can't say enough good things about this place. By far, my favorite after-hours spot in Las Vegas!
4	Love this place. It's a historic landmark. That being said, you will probably get some of the worst service in Las Vegas. It's dark to the extreme and maybe they  have a hard time seeing but yikes. Still worth going but you've been warned
4	This place has very good drinks. Their menu consists of tropical and fruity drinks, majority of them have rum or a fruity liqueur.
5	Fun Fun Fun! For Tiki fans and historians Frankie's tiki room is a must stop in Vegas! 24 hours how can you miss it! I love the limited edition selection of tiki souvenir mugs by array of artists. The Frankie's original tiki drink recipes available on menu as well as the classics. Great juke box filled with fun tiki music. Blowfish, bamboo, neon smoke lights and other kitsch memorabilia on the walls. Always promised a fun time.
4	All I can say is AMAZING DRINKS!!! Majority of them have rum, multiple rums, fruit liqueur, or vodka, but they do have a full bar. Most of them are very fruity and tropical drinks so this place is perfect for the ladies. This bar has no windows at all so if you're coming in the day, prepare to not be able to see inside for about 3 minutes because it is pretty dark inside, but once you get used it you'll see it is a nice setting full of Hawaiian decor, tiki statues, crazy lamp, and provocative art. They have two tv's behind the bar always playing old Hawaiian movie scenes, some maybe even Rated R status. Overall this place is great, and they are open 24/7!!!!!
3	Frankie's Tiki Room, a historic establishment in Las Vegas.  This is a no frills local watering hole.  Don't expect to be given 5 star service.  It's a non spectacular building. We showed up somewhat early, 4:30 p.m. and saw no cars in lot, I thought they we're closed, but they're open 24/7. Place is dark and old. If you have asthma, don't go.  The place smells like old cigarette smoke.  We sat at a table for about 10 minutes before I figured out no one was coming out to take our order. Only the bartenderess was there. So you have to go up and order your drink at bar.   Also, while you look at the drink menu, keep in mind that the strength of drink is marked by amount of skulls, three being weakest and five strongest.  I didn't figure out until I had ordered what sounded like a strong drink and wound up with a somewhat girlie one.  So I then ordered the Zombie.  Delish.  My wife and bro in law ordered Mai Tais and he couldn't  finish in a timely manner.  Too strong!  Drinks are $8 and I think $25 if you want to keep souvenir tiki glass.  Place is dark and stinky, but the drinks are fabulous.  Like I said, don't expect much attention from young lady behind bar and don't wrinkle your nose because of cigarette stink, you're not in California anymore.  Frankie's is a place that's worth a visit for a good stiff drink.
3	Stop # 6 of my Southwest Tiki Tour.Honestly, I wanted to like Frankie's more, but the cigarette smoke really got to me.  It was very strong that night.  Plus since it was a chilly night, the heat was on, making the inside of the bar very stuffy.  On several occasions, I had to go outside just to get some fresh air.Yet again, I got a Mai Tai.  It was just a bit too sweet for my liking.  I came to find out later, the bartender on duty that night, has a tendency to make them too sweet.  But because of the cigarette smoke, I opted not to drink anymore.  The husband got a few more drinks, and what sips I did have, they tasted better than my Mai Tai.The one thing that Frankie's gets totally right is the atmosphere.  The tiki decorations and overall vibe of the bar is perfect.
5	The best tikki Bar in Town,the bartenders that works there know their job pretty well,great knowledge in alcohol and drinks .They got a huge selection of all kind different rum from all around the world...if you looking to dive in great atmosphere and taste some good rum cocktail this is your  place.
5	This review is waaaay overdue. Christie is the best Tiki bartender! (I sure hope I spelled her name right) She's the cool blond chick who works on Mondays during the day and she is so pleasant and makes the most amazing drinks. Every time we come to Vegas we go to Frankie's and hope she's working. This Monday we pulled in and saw a party bus and I thought oh no it's going to be packed and we'll never get a drink. But luckily Christie was there and had full control of the place and made sure everyone was able to appreciate the incredible vibe that is Frankie's. It's because of her that we have a couple of sets of all the Tiki mugs and have bought so many others to give as gifts. The first time i went there another bartender was working and I got a mug and when I was done I wasn't sure how to get it home so I dumped the ice in the parking lot and wrapped the mug in a t-shirt in the car so it wouldn't break. The next time we went and got mugs and Christie surprised us by kindly washing them and boxing them nicely and putting them in a shopping bag. I love all things Tiki, and I display my Frankie's mugs on a small Tiki bar  made by Bamboo Ben. That said- what really makes Frankie's Tiki bar come to life is a bartender who sets a gracious welcoming tone. Thank you Christie!
5	Absolutely a must go to bar while in Vegas.  It's grown in popularity over the past couple years and I would recommend going in during the slow times.  The drinks are amazingly strong so be careful!  I can have 1 or 2 and be very merry.  The decor is top notch authentic tiki.  They even have blow fish lamps from the 1930's and a vice tester made by the famous "Shag".  Be sure to ask about the "real" shrunken head behind the bar while sipping down your "Fink Bomb".
5	This is my favorite bar in Vegas!  Yeah, it's somewhat of a dive, and it's smoky and can get crowded, but they got tiki's and blowfish lamps! The BF and I try to stop whenever we are in the area.  It's just a chill place to hang out and have a few drinks.  We always meet some great people, locals and tourists when we sit at the bar.  The drinks here, OMG, they are amazing, but they are sneaky, you won't feel it right away, but believe me, you will after a couple, these drinks are no joke!
4	Awesome dark tiki bar with loads of kitschy tiki decor. Guy in the cab told us it's a pretty new place. some of the best tasting tiki drinks, around, and potent! Try the bandit or the ninth island. These bartenders know what they're doing. Lots of out of Towners on the night we went (Sunday) but everyone was friendly. Just be ready with some febreeze, the cigarette smoke is like a smelly tropical fog.
5	I love this little dive bar. It's themed, dark and smokey. They have cups you can purchase to take home (I now want to collect them all but have no idea where to put them.) Fair warning, I was drunk after two drinks. They are not kidding around with their pours. So have a designated driver. :)
4	I am a fan of the blue cocktail drinks. Delicious adult beverages that include the Blue Hawaiian. They are delicious and bring you to a state of Space Mountain relatively fast. I notice that I am a friendlier drinker when drinking the Blue Hawaiian than a Whiskey Neat. Friends joke with me that these are girl's drinks. If they only knew how good they are. But they are only joking and to each their own. And to the lover of the colorful drinks, Franki's Tiki Room is our own.   Franki's Tiki Room is an indoor fantasy world of tikis and the Southern Seas off the heavily traveled Charleston Boulevard (Route 159) between Interstate 15 and Rancho Boulevard. It is a fantasy world that I have been to twice to feel at home enjoying a strong blue and yellow concoction.   From the outside there is nothing striking about Franki's Tiki Room. It reminds me of a building next to a gas station from the 1970s. As soon as you enter Franki's Tiki Room you enter the dark side. Literally! The inside is known for being pitch dark to the degree that a smartphone flash light is advantageous. In one of my tips, I half-joked that this is the place to go to meet somebody if you have a bad hair day and that after one drink it wouldn't matter anyway. Realistically the darkness adds to the uniqueness of the experience. It was an experience that I spent at the bar instead of at the tables that are really dark.   The bar is a unique place to hang out. And that is even before drinking a Tiki Bandit. It is very themed. All around the room are tikis. Once your eyes adjust, you are sitting in this tiki museum. According to the Franki's Tiki Room official website, Bamboo Ben who is the grandson of Eli Hedley the man that helped design Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room played an essential role in designing it. Regardless of whether or not my eyes adjusted, the soundtrack of surf, exotica, and garage music was a conducive soundtrack to enjoying the blue and yellow drinks that I so enjoy.   The drinks here are potent. They are rated on a scale of 1 to 5 skeletons that parallel the star system on a yelp review. A 5 skeleton drink is the strongest. The both times I went here I was driving. I made an agreement to stick to one drink. Using a Disney World analogy, the one drink never brought me to a state of Space Mountain where they put me to a state of being on the Mad Hatter Tea Ride. I will close off this review mentioning alternatives to a DWI or worse if you plan on having a few drinks at Franki's Tiki Room. That will be later.   On my two different Franki's Tiki Room experiences, I drunk the Tiki Bandit and the Thurston Howl. The Tiki Bandit is a delicious blue three Skelton strong drink made up of rums, pineapple juice, passion fruit syrup and blue curacao. It tastes like quality Kool Aid. The next time I went a skeleton stronger opting for the Thurston Howl. It is a yellow adult beverage of rum, brandy, gin, and papaya nectar. The official Franki's Tiki Room website states, "A couple of these and Lovey Howell will look like Ginger Grant." This is one of the reasons that I stress using public transit or a cab if you intend to have a few drinks here.   Franki's Tiki Room is not the place to sober up. There is zero hangout spots nearby. If I knew that I was going to have a few drinks here, I would have a couple of options. Option 1 would be parking at Palace Station then using the CAT 119 route which runs along Rancho and get off at Charleston Boulevard walking eastbound. On the way back I would use a taxi. Option 2 would be to park in downtown and use the CAT 206 route. This route also serves the Bonneville Transfer Station. Just say that I did not follow my advice and was drinking; I would dial (702)-456-7433 to reach a service that transports impaired individuals.             _______________________        I     The Daniel. S            I        I          2014                      I        I    Yelp 150 Challenge   I        I       CHALLENGE            I        I       COMPLETE              I        I------------  II--------------------I                         II                         II                         II
5	There's an analogy I like to use for places like Frankie's Tiki Room:  it's like the Danny Trejo of dive bars - it's good at what it does, and what it does ain't pretty.Holy shit are the drinks in this place strong.  I don't know how accurate this rating is, but I swear no cocktail here is under 150 proof.  They are lethal concoctions of liquors that if they weren't so goddamn good, you'd think you're better off putting it in your gas tank.  Seriously, be warned, the drinks here are like delicious-but-deadly libation ninjas that sneak up on you and next thing you know, you're dry-humping a wall and snapchatting your shady ex.  It's the perfect place to bring that one guy you know that brags about his alcohol tolerance, because he'll act a fool after a couple of drinks, and you'll get to call him "a pussy".If you're looking for a more laid-back experience, they have a full bar with beer, wine and other things that don't kill quite as many brain cells.  The atmosphere is dark and smokey like any good dive bar, and the tikki bar decor and vibe is as authentic as it gets.  They do not serve food, but you can bring in your own, which is probably great news for the Carl's Jr. next door.Drinks are pricey, but you won't need many!Frankie's is seriously a gem.  It's grimey and covered in shit you don't want to know about, but a gem nonetheless.  It's a genuine, bona-fide, honest-to-goodness local dive bar experience in a city that is sadly bereft of such a thing.  Best enjoyed with a group and most importantly, A DESIGNATED DRIVER.  It's easy to get in trouble here, but you'll be glad you did!
4	Cool old school atmosphere.  Good bartenders and stiff drinks that are reasonably priced.  Definitely beats hitting up a PT's 8 days a week...
5	AwesomeTawnya you rockTHE place in Vegas to enjoy old school Tiki drinksGreat vibeCheers
5	This place is a cozy, unique spot to have a few drinks with friends. The drinks are bomb, though I have no clue what's in them. I like that it's away from the strip and it was in "Swingers," so a flavor of history there. Now, do I care about that? Not really, as long as the place is cool, that's all that matters. Definitely a great date spot or a chill vibe to bring visitors from out of state. Average cocktail price is $9. And I can't remember what I had, but all the tiki drinks were good.
5	Frankie's is awesome, great place to drink the Tiki drinks. We go there every time we can. The bar tenders are friendly and it is open 24/7
2	Only go here if you smoke CIGARETTES lots of them! Holy crap I've never been in such a smoke filled bar. This place is a nightmare for a non smoker - 10X worse than any Casino in Vegas. Yes the drinks are really strong but the STENCH in there is so not worth it! I can't believe no one mentions the smoke in this place. Yuck!
5	We've been meaning to stop by here and are glad we finally did. This place is jammed with so much eclectic-cool that it's nearly ridiculous. The ambiance: 60's tiki heaven. The staff: Cooler than the other side of the pillow. The drinks: shut. up. They're incredible. When rated on a scale of skulls, you can't go wrong. They are fruity, perfectly concocted and even the five skulls go down smooth...it's about 10 minutes later that they kick you in the nuts. Frankie's doesn't serve food - so bring your own noms. I think this is awesome, cuz they're doing what they do perfectly - no need to mess with this equation. We'll be back. Many times, we'll be back. Personal faves: Malekula and the Kahiki Kai (#1 in my book) All drinks from the menu are $9 unless served in a souvenir tiki glass - then they are $25.They also feature a full beer, wine and well bar for the less adventurous.
