4	From what I hear this place is set in a restored house from 1913.  Solid pizza and the deli anitpasto was great.  What really stands out is the atmosphere.  It's near the Roosevelt district and it's a very chill place.
5	I had such a fantastic time at Cibo.  The pizza is super and the ambiance is charming AND it won't break the bank.  Wood-fired gourmet type pizzas.  Get the antipasto plate!  Salads are good.  I will warn you that the wait for a big group may be epic during prime time.  The venue is a tiny cottage in an unlikely part of downtown Phoenix.   Really cute and fun.  I'll be back.
5	Had to write in response to Tom H.  I'm a regular at Cibo, even though I live 25 miles away. It seems to me that this was a table that was just not going to be happy no matter what. Without exception, every time I've gone to Cibo I've been warmly welcomed by both the owners and the wait staff and the level of service they provide is laid back and exceptional. They're not hovering over your table waiting for you to take your last bite so they can whip the plate from under your nose but they are discreet and attentive at all times. There is a family atmosphere in this restaurant and just watching how much the wait staff love their bosses and what a good time they seem to have at work makes me jealous I don't have a boss like that!  I have brought countless friends and family to Cibo for all sorts of occasions and am made to feel like a VIP every time I walk throught the front door. As someone who eats out quite a lot and has been in the service industry, albeit many years ago, I find it amazing that a group of six would argue with a busy waiter about splitting a check six ways, how embarrassing. What is the problem with just putting in cash for your share when you know you're eating as a large group? Or even splitting it evenly between three couples on credit cards. And complaining about a 20% gratuity? Show me any good restaurant that doesn't charge an inclusive gratuity for parties of 6 or more. As for the comments about refills-always have my water and coffee refilled as soon as it gets low-and the portion sizes, well I've yet to bring anybody to Cibo who can finish a whole salad and pizza, the portions are more than generous. Overall I feel I'm a discerning diner who has high standards and I've found a real gem in Cibo, so excuse me if I'm a little overprotective but I feel that Tom H's review was completely unfair to the amazing ambience and fabulous staff at Cibo.
5	Great place... i went there for lunch... I found the menu not real large but the food was excellent... they basically had sandwhices that were made with pizza bread and then a choice of side... i had mine with a salad and it was 9 bucks... not too bad of prices for the amount of food you get... i am really looking forward to tryign it at night... you should check it out!
4	This great little find in CenPho is worth the drive, for me, atleast.I popped in here with my dad last week (thanks to the glowing reviews on Yelp) and tried it out for lunch. It was tough to find, as it feels like you're just cruising through purely residential areas when all of the sudden one of the old victorian houses has a humbly posted "Cibo" sign on the corner. The decor is fantastic. It feels like you're in an old restaurant in northern California with clever ornamentation. The menu was a little confusing, and apparently there are some limitations on the lunch menu as compared with dinner, but we thought we were ordering pizzas and somehow ended up with sandwiches. This wasn't really a problem though, since these sandwiches were exceptionally tasty and served on pizza bread. Definitely a great find and a new item on the list of places to take out of town visitors.
5	Cibo is awesome!  Housed in an old downtown Phoenix home, it has charm and class...good as both a date night hot spot and a casual lunch stop, anybody fits in.  Also has a small bar and outdoor seating (with heaters for the winter).  The pizza, salads and dessert are all fantastic, they have a pretty good beer selection and the wait at dinner is never more than about an hour. I guess my only complaints would be the parking...just like anywhere else downtown it's limited; and it can get a bit loud inside when it's busy. Thinking about taking your date/out of town guests to Biancos?  Don't bother...head over to Cibos for better food, better atmosphere, and a shorter wait.
5	Awesome place ... family owned ... in a historic house ... outdoor dinning ... and best pizza I've had in Phoenix ... it's the shiz ya' all!
4	Nutella, bananas, chocolate- I know I shouldn't start with dessert, but their crepes are so good I can't resist. Everything here is good, the patio is great, the owners are on site and very friendly.
4	what a great atmosphere! you can't get much better. awesome house with finely curated selection of great music. they played a little bit of everything while I lunched, from indie to classical to jazz; all good. ask the hip staff about good local shows and they'll tell you what to check out around town.at this point it's worth going just to chill and soak up good music even without considering the food. but the food is pretty good, too. for lunch they have hot and cold pizza-bread sandwiches, crepes and salads. I wasn't able to make it back for a dinner pizza, but I will the next time I'm in phoenix.
2	Let me tell you about Cibo..We went last night after seeing Kathy Griffin so we were both in dazzeling moods having laughed all night.. well leave to someone to suck the good out of your mood right quick.We arrived at Cibo right at 10, they close at 11. The usual host and hostess sat next to the door chatting with some friends. The waiters were sitting at the large table in the front wrapping silverware and the bartender well he just ignored us completely. Finally one of the waiters asked if wanted a table.. no we would like to stand their and smell the pizza! Duh! So we asked him to hold one moment as we used the restroom real quick. Then when we came back he was gone and we were standing there once again being ignored. Finally the bartender made a huge sigh and asked of there were only 2 of us.. so he takes us to the left dining room and there are only 2 tables in there.. guess where he sat us.. right next to a couple that looked like they getting VERY romantic.. so they gave us crusty looks.. I then asked the bartender if we could just sit at the bar (I can appreciate someone wanting space, I didn't want to sit next to them either).. so he turns and looks to me, sighed again and said "if you want".. like those words were somehow causing his hair to fall out. So I said "Oh wait, I wouldn't want to put you out!".. he then just turned and stormed towards the bar.. the Mr stopped him and said never mind.. (he didn't want him waiting on us after that little episode) so we sat next to the couple.. they looked at us like we had just interrupted a marriage proposal and she hadn't quite answered yet.So Im mad as all heck.. Ive been treated badly before but I gotta know you before you can walk all over me! Im SO over Cibo at this point and ready to leave but the Mr talked me into staying.. he has this special talent of calming the beast, not that I turn green and tear my clothes off or anything but my tongue has been known to be very sharp! Waiter arrives takes our drink order.. nice wine list though very small.. he returns with the drinks and takes our dinner order.. antipasti, a rustica and a tricolore.. I asked if I could have prosciutto put on top.. you know what he says.. "Ill ask the chef if you can have that.. he doesn't like changing HIS pizza's".. I cocked my head at him (I think the vein in my forehead was ready explode) "he doesn't like to change his pizza's".. if you offer toppings on the menu for an up-charge, wouldn't you think they would actually give them to you? Talk about the dang pizza nazi! The waiter returns a few moments later or the 'chefs messenger'  (I think he was sweating) tells me that the chef has agreed to let me have the proccutio but only on a plate. Oh thank you thank you oh lord oh messiah! Can you believe this place?While the food was good the attitudes here has really put me off.. so the 2 stars are for food only.. the Mr and I will never come to this place again.. Cibo has officially been scratched from our minds. Oh, I will be sending this review to them as well.. that way if they even care, which I doubt, they will address not only the bartenders attitude (little scruffy guy) but the idea that the customer pays their light bill and tells all of their friends about the place!
4	Cibo is the average person's answer to Pizzeria Bianco.  I've rarely had to wait over 10 minutes to get a table.  Patio seating is quaint, romantic and perfect for a private date or a larger group.Cibo has mainly salads, pizzas, and desserts.  Try the margarita pizza for a taste of a pure italian wood fired pizza.  Each serves 1-2 people.Local favorite.
5	absolutely amazing place. it's hard to believe this place even exists in phoenix.i've only gone their at lunchtime when they only serve sandwiches and salads. some of the best italian sandwiches i've ever had. they run about 9 dollars, but they are big and come with a salad.you also have to split a strawberry nutella crepe for desert with somebody sometime. they are amazing.only problem is trying to find parking and there is very little indoor seating, which makes it hard to eat at during the summer. but for the rest of the year, there is a great patio surrounded by greenery. great place to relax.beware it also has some strange hours. no lunch on the weekends and there are some nights where they don't serve dinner.the staff is also extremely friendly and helpful.UPDATE - 09/24/2007 - I finally went to Cibo for dinner the other weekend and I can see why the reviews aren't as high as I would expect. The quality of the pizza is disappointing when compared to the quality of their sandwiches. However the pizza is still great (as well as affordable) and the atmosphere at this place is even better at night (especailly on an amazing night like last Friday).But if you have been to Cibo for dinner and been dissapointed, I would recommend going and trying a Spek, Salsicca, or Vegetarian sandwich for lunch some day.
5	This is the place to go if you can't stand to wait to get a table at Pizzeria Bianco.  This is the place to go if you looooove olives the size of you head.  The pizza is great (I prefer the fungi without the sauce), as is their version of caprese (which includes pesto and several sizes of tomato).  The cheese plate with the honey is also so so great!  Wine selection if also very good.
2	3 stars for food and ambience.  Minus 1 star for service.Cibo is the average answer to Pizzeria Bianco.  I can't believe they've even been compared  - the only similarity I can think of is geography.  The crusts are worlds apart - at least on the night we went. We chose to take some out of town guests to Cibo last night because of:(1) all the praises we read on Yelp and other media(2) the fact that it's one of the few well-regarded independent places open on a Monday night(3) it looked cute from the outsideApparently, other people thought the same.  All the tables for four were full inside so we took a table in the patio, which turned out to be a blessing because we got lots of privacy to talk.  The downside though was getting the attention of the waiter.  Ice water was poured and menus were handed out as soon as we sat down but the waiter appeared over 15 min later.  When we ordered a refill on a glass of wine after the appetizer, he came with it almost at the end of our meal.We order the antipasto speciale, large ($17) to share.  The plate was huge:  generous slices of prosciutto, 3 slices of bresaola with shaved pecorino on arugula, 4 slices of grilled zucchini,  mounds of balsamic pearl onions, giant olives, grilled red peppers with capers and parmesan, and cherry tomatoes with bocconcini and basil.Pizzas are split between Rosse (red) and Bianche (white).  On the waiter's recommendation, we ordered these: - Red: Diavola (tomato sauce, mozz and spicy salame)  $13- White: Siena (grilled zucchini, mozz, speck (smoked proscuitto) and pecorino)  $14VERDICT: Cibo vs Pizzeria BiancoThe toppings were generous and tasty but the major complaint we had was the CRUST.  Pizza's all about the crust.  This was more like charred bread - it was not crusty in the least bit.  The dough had a nice chew to it but no crunch whatsoever.  Chris Bianco's dough is so brilliant because there's an awesome contrast between the crusty exterior and the pillowy interior.  Chris' crust is so thin that you can inhale slice after slice but here we had trouble eating more than 2 slices.  Even though this pizza was baked in a brick oven, there was no smokiness to it - almost as if it was flash-baked.  Pizzeria Bianco's crust not only has texture but a complex-flavored interior and smoky exterior.  Eating pizza will never be the same again...WINNER:  Pizzeria Bianco
4	Good pizza, really cool atmosphere, and make sure you save room for dessert, because the crepes are awesome!It's also a really great place for a date. The pizzas and salads almost seem taylor-made for two-person sharing, and the atmosphere (despite the crowds) is very romantic.
4	Cibo's spek (smoked prosciutto, mozzarella and tomato) sandwich is one example of its deliciousness, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. Like seemingly every other decent restaurant downtown, it too, is in a historic house.This review is for lunch only - which means the menu is limited to sandwiches, salad and dessert.  It ain't cheap, so expect to throw down $30 for two for lunch.Lunchtime draws in the crowd - your downtown business and government drones. Patio seating would have meant a 15 min. wait, but since we were in a hurry my downtown drone buddy and I opted for an inside table.  The feel inside is a warm urban rustic.The food was very good.  The pizza/panini bread used for the sandwiches is the standout here.  Freshly baked, warm and near perfect texture. I could have had a bread sandwich by itself and been just as satisfied.  I spotted an attractive fruit yogurt granola dish at a table next to me - turns out it's one of their side salads.  I highly recommend it.Service was ok, but would have been better had I gotten my water when I asked for it upon ordering and not at the end of the meal after reminding the server.  An honest mistake.  No big deal.  Parking is lacking here.  With the exception of a tiny lot in the back, it's the streets, yo.  We ended up with a two block walk.  Not a big deal, but worth mentioning.I would go back often for lunch if it was close to work. My chance for one of their pizza dinners is looking mighty good.
4	Please make sure you visit Cibo at least once for lunch and once for dinner - the menus are completely different and are equally delicious and enticing. I love the pizza at Cibo, and I'm not really a pizza-girl. Everything is so fresh and they've got a nice selection of wine. I work very nearby and finally was able to take my husband there for dinner. At first he was wondering where in the world I was taking him, but he was incredibly happy with the feel of the restaurant and the quality of the food. He told our waitress, "This is the closest to Italian pizza I've had." We had been to Italy about 5 years prior and he was desperately hunting for something remotely reminiscent of the Margarita Pizza we had in Florence.
4	I love how they renovated a home into a quaint pizzeria. The pizza is good and this place is the best in the winter time... great creeky wood flooring, great pizza and red wine to warm you up! It is a great place for group dining.  The wine selection  is pretty good.  We need more places like this in the downtown area of phx.
4	Good food... good atmosphere... and, according to my male co-workers, the Diane Lane look-alike waitress is the best part of the restuarant!
3	Quaint house! Restored to a restaurant so very small and yes prior reviews say it is noisy and it is! But that was ok with us. The food is not great but probably ok for Az standards. I am a picky ex Nyer so I did not think the pizza was all that great. I could not put my finger on it. I just found it to be bland and flavorless.  The crust was doughy in some places and burnt in others.The sauce was thin. However,  I liked the fennell sausage topping. Also the calzones are huge! The crepes are a different dessert choice from your standard dessert menu served at most restaurants. They are not out of this word though. I have had better. Caprese salad, again ok but I have had better.  So in a nutshell try it. We had fun, the service was excellent, everyone was having fun. In our room most of the customers were regulars, so that is a good sign. I just did not think the food was that great. Ok for the price. Dinner was 45 bucks for dinner, apps, dessert, and coffee- not bad!Oh here is a tip- get there at 4:50pm no wait. At 6:30 there were a lot of people waiting to sit down. I would go again, especially for lunch, I heard the sandwiches are good! So until then. Sweet little place if you are not picky about great Italian food.
3	First things first.  A "pizzeria" should serve pizza all the time, including lunch, not just for dinner.  Where I'm from a "pizzeria" offers you pizza by the slice.That being said I did enjoy some of the aspects of my dinner at Cibo.  The atmosphere and the service were fantastic.  The antipasto appetizer was great and puts the antipasto at Caffe Boa to shame.  (Although I did find the mozzarella in the antipasto to be rather flavorless which is bad because its my favorite type of cheese) The nutella crepe with bananas was heavenly, but then again anything with nutella is.However, there are some pretty major drawbacks here for me.  The wine I had was pretty awful, which could have been my own fault.  I swear it was Franzia, or else came out of a box. Then there is the pizza.  We ordered the vegetarian pizza minus the mushrooms and were slightly shocked to discover when it came out that the toppings were spread individually on the slices.  So you have two slices with a single slice of roast zucchini, two slices with a single piece of artichoke, and two slices with a meager portion of red peppers.  For $11 for a 12" pizza, it should be covered with toppings. I have never in my life seen a pizza constructed in such a fashion.  I like my toppings to be mixed together so you get all the flavors coming together at once on every slice.  With the size of the antipasto I was surprised to see that there were so little toppings on the pizza itself. We also ordered a calzone which was constructed in a similar fashion- a lot of meat on one side and cheese on the other.  And I have to say that there was a lot more dough than I would have liked there to be with the calzone.  I would be willing to go back to try some of their lunch sandwiches but as far as pizza goes its not going to work out between us.Update:  I suggested Cibo to a friend over the weekend....only to find out they don't serve lunch on Saturday?  What?  If its so "urban" they should be serving lunch on the weekends!!!Update:  I recently went to Cibo for lunch with Melissa H.  I have to say that I was completely underwhelmed by my sandwich.  The prosciutto was flavorless.  The mozzarella was almost non existent.  The tomato slice was huge.  I basically had a pressed tomato sandwich.  I didn't think it was possible for a sandwich to lack flavor that way but apparently it is.  People need to start eating better sandwiches if you think these are great.  They are mediocre at best.  Meh.  I'm so not impressed with this place. I'm sitting betwee a 2 and 3 right now but I'll give them the 3 since the service is always friendly and they have Miss Vicky's chips.
5	Its easy to get into an Us vs Them, West Downtown vs East Downtown, Cibo vs Bianco pissing match, but truly these places are so unique and valuable in their own way as to coexist in a culturally void downtown in a soulless metro.  Cibo, however, does indeed take the lead by a very significant stretch over Bianco.  First and very much FOREMOST, the owners are absolute treasures.  They have never been anything less than engaging, charming, and overtly polite.  Whether my gf and I eat there or take out, they always greets us as friends and seem to be genuinely appreciative of our business.  On one visit when i was with a large party of about 10-12 people we kinda had to squeeze into a small area in the front room, which was still quaint and comfortable, but i made an offhand joke after the owner looked concerned about my smallish seat, that she could "make it up to me with a beer".  I was completely embarrassed as she REALLY DID bring me a Celebration Ale on the house.  She's just an awesome lady.Their building itself is enamoring with a large patio for the pleasant autumn nights of Phoenix and their interior is very cozy for a more subtle dinner.  The restaurant can be both romantic or merry.  Their tiny bar is perfect for a short wait (never waited longer than 5-10 mins at most), especially during take out where we like to enjoy their Sangiovese Chianti blend. Their pizza itself is delicious.  The Rustica is my go-to and they tend to use generous amounts of meat and cheese (the prosciutto being my favorite).  Their portions are perfect for two people and are well-informed on how many pizzas will be 'just enough' for your party.  Also, their marscapone/Nutella crepes are insanely good.If you ever have a chance to host an event, see if they will let you use their carriage house in the back, where, come to find out after we used it for our own holiday party, had a "recent tenant".  Lucky dude to have Cibo as a neighbor.  The back carriage house has a wine bar and a private server as well as a small patio for outside drinking/smoking.  Cibo is a perfect little neighborhood pizzeria.
5	I love Cibo! Everything about this place is great.  Perfect for:-Dinner with mom.  My mom came to visit and this was our Friday night dinner spot.  We walked from my apartment, had a glass of wine while waiting for a table to open on the adorable patio, and then indulged in salad, pizza, and even desert.-Holiday staff party.  I was in charge of booking reservations for our holiday staff party.  I wanted a place with great food that wouldn't be too over the top for a bunch of teachers.  Not only was the food great, but the service was amazing.  They put us in the back "Carriage House", with our own waiter/bartender.  The ambiance was perfect and it was in a central location for those of us who wanted to continue the night at a nearby bar.-Date. My boyfriend and I can walk here for take out, but we have also had a very romantic date here and I can't wait to go back.  The tree and flower covered patio just does it for me.This is my definition of an urban pizzeria!
5	What an adorable place!?!  Cibo is most definitely an oh-so-hip hidden pizzeria gem tucked away a little off the beaten path from central downtown Phoenix.  [This could very easily be a pizza joint found in any neighborhood in San Francisco.]  Picture this: soft, low lighting, faint, hip music playing overhead, ecclectic flair for decorations, friendly staff, amazing aromas wafting from the kitchen -- my heart was all a flutter from the moment I walked in.I came here based off of a recommendation of one of my best friends and absolutely loved the Quattro Formaggi pizza; the gorgonzola cheese gave the pie a full-bodied flavor.  Trust me, it's a must for all you cheese-lovers out there like me.  ;-)I would most definitely come back here on my next trip to Phoenix!
5	cibo are my big guns. if i'm going to cheer someone up or celebrate something epic, this is where i'm taking them.there is a decent wine list, all of the food is interesting and delicious, the atmosphere is lovely. i love bringing people here for the first time. they are usually so excited to find a place so unique and delicious.
4	I've only written a few reviews, but I just noticed that this is the third that is a pizzeria.  However, I don't even really eat that much pizza.  For some reason, the people that own these little gem pizzerias know how to really create a wonderful atmosphere and diversify their menus enough to reel me in and keep me coming back for more.  I've been here several times with my best friend.  This place is wonderful.  Great food, good wine and a wonderful staff.  I love outdoor settings.  There are plenty of tables to sit outside in a neighborhood setting.  LOVE THAT!
4	It's worth going here just for the unique ambiance. The restaurant is in a converted historic home in downtown Phoenix. The food is delicious every time, and they have a huge patio for non-summer dining. The warm family feel makes for a pleasant, relaxed atmosphere. I think you'll agree it was worth the drive.
5	I am a pizza lover!  I could eat pizza every day for lunch and for dinner!  This is one of my favorite pizza places in town!  I bring all out of town guests here and frequent the place as often as I can. I always get the capriccoisa pizza (not sure if I spelled that right), but it has olives, proscuitto and mushrooms!  AND I always get a crepe for dessert!  My personal favorite is strawberry and nutella.  To die for!
4	Mmmm, good.  It's like Pizzeria Bianco but without the wait.
5	4/10 - Updating this to 5 stars.  Went here again and I just love, love, love this place.  We ate inside this time because it was cold out, and the inside is just as great as the patio!  And once again, such great starters, pizzas, and desserts!  This time tried the braesola pizza (fan-fricking-tastic) and the fresca crepe (filled w/ vanilla ice cream - YUM).  Will keep going here again and again while I'm in town!***********************Once again, another solid place in Phoenix!  I know this is going to sound really disloyal to my city, but I think that SF could learn a thing or two from good old Phoenix in terms of casual but upscale restaurants..... This is in addition to the lack of good patio options in SF - which of course is abundant in Phoenix , in addition to space heaters that are turned on if the temp is anything lower than 70 degrees (yes, Arizonans consider this to be chilly - sounds ridic. to us SFers).  Anyway, my co-workers and I had a great meal here the other night on the beautiful front patio.  The starters (pear and pecorino salad, antipasto platter) and pizzas were all yummy!  My favorite was the Rustica - yummy prosciutto with arugula, but I also really liked the Diavolo(sp?), with salami, sharp tomato sauce, and just the right amount of cheese.  And the dessert crepes were fab!  We got the Nutella + mascarpone, and the Nutella with  bananas - both very good.  All in all a great meal!  All served outside in the balmy Phoenix evening, on a quaint patio.... I was loving it!!  I want to come back again, and save time for some drinks before dinner - there are also cute little nooks on the other side of the patio, with couches / chairs and even a firepit!
4	I had read Jason C's review of this place. A detailed account of why Cibo = heart break for him. Funny, sad, etc. But I thought I'd put a different twist on it since I'm not looking to leave anyone any time soon. I had a lunch meeting here instead (sorry Jason). We decided to eat outside on the patio and I was immediately reminded of that nuisance that is Phoenix restaurant misters in the summer. We had to move tables cause it would have been hard to have a lunch meeting, take notes, etc with our papers soaked! But really that shouldn't be a slam against Cibo per say because I know sooo many restaurants use those wasteful, ineffective, highly annoying devices.Anyways...once we moved tables I really loved the ambience. The patio is gorgeous. I ate under a big tree that looked like you could climb in it, read a book, and be perfectly content. I had a salad (I can't remember the name now) with apples, candied walnuts, and gorgonzola cheese. It was delish!! The iced tea was amazing as well. Our server was really pleasant and not over attentive or too chatty, as she recognized that we were there to talk shop. I didn't get to poke around inside too much. But a restaurant in an old home seems to work well for Phoenix. We went at about 1:30pm and there was a small crowd. It seemed to be about the perfect time to hit them up. Enjoy!!
4	Ok, PB (Pizzeria Bianco) will always be my first love. Yes, I'm one of those. But, if you're craving pizza but are entirely over a 3.5 hour wait, definitely drive over to Cibo. Their four cheese pizza is incredible. Really. Their patio (in good weather) is lovely, too. Great place to bring someone on a date, or with a small group of friends who don't mind sitting on rickety chairs. If you're craving pizza for lunch, go somewhere else, only salads and sandwiches available midday.
5	Great food...check, Great atmosphere...check, reasonable prices...check! How can you go wrong with Cibo. This is one of my favorite places for lunch downtown. I have been there numerous times and I am never disappointed. I always tend to have the Salciccia sandwich which is sausage, onions, peppers and mozzarella cheese with a great house salad.  At dinner they serve delicious pizza.The wait staff is always nice and very helpful. This is a great date place if you want to avoid all the chain places that occupy most of Phoenix.  Definitely try it out.
5	Ever try to find good, authentic Italian in Phoenix? Look no further. Pizza that does not taste like hot garbage, sandwiches that are delicious, and anti pasti that will blow your mind. Try to get there for their special cheese plate, it's like a $15 plate of awesome.
4	Yes, another gutted house-turned restaurant/ bar to no prevail succeeds. Yippie-Skippie.It's walking distance from work, so thats 5 badass red stars right there. Then, I almost gave it 1 star thinking it was closed and realized that it is 112 out today and no one was on the patio. Who doesn't like sweat dripping on their Pastrami? And thats exactly what I had. Good shit. It ran me a little over 18 bucks for lunch with 2 Ambers. Go ahead and take someone "out-of-town" aka Scottsdale, to show them the advantages of knowing places like this downtown.To my dispair, with everything being "authentic", they had a sensored-run paper towel machine in the restroom. Weak sauce.
2	The pizza and calzones are just OK here.  I've been here several times.  The atmosphere is pretty good, especially at night.  I wish the food was a bit better though. For the pizza, I found the sauce a bit watery and crust to be mediocre.  The calzones are OK but I've had better.  The appetizers are OK as well.  I did enjoy the dessert.However, the staff has been quite friendly every time I go to meet friends there.
5	You sandbaggin' son of a bitch! What do you like better, Christmas or Cibo? (Mr. Grey?) Yes. The answer would be, um, Cibo? Wowie. Cibo. Where to start? How about the name? Cibo: means food in Italian. Yeah! Who knew?! And food do they have my friend. Jump on board the party bus cause we are heading to Filmore and 5Th! To Cibo-land! What's that you say? Pizza? Wait, you want the best pizza in Arizona? But with class? With taste? With, what? ATMOSPHERE? Oh damn. Have I got the place for you. Not only is their wine selection to die for, but if you have never had the pleasure of tasting a fine Limoncello, than saddle up partner: because Cibo is your destination of choice! Their Limoncello and Chococello are like nothing on this continent. I would say that they give Naples a run for their money. Shit, they give your Italian Grandmother a run for her money!When you go here, try the 4 cheese pizza. If you love cheese, this is for you. There is a kick there, that will have your mouth watering for more! And their crepes, please. No comparison anywhere in town. I heart Cibo. This is my restaurant of choice in Arizona. When friends or family come to visit I bring them here. Hot date with my man? Cibo! My birthday? Cibo! My dog died? Cibo! .... you get the idea.Romantic, fun, girls night out, boys night out, family night out, work night, school night, hot night, cool night. It's raining men night and so on. Cibo!
4	Lunch at Cibo is a 3 star, however dinner is wonderful(Close to a five star). There's not much to say that hasn't already been said. All their ingredients are imported from Italy. Perfect patio for Phoenix winter weather. Parking is horrible, however to have a great restaurant you have to have horrible parking. Definetly top 3 places in the valley to have pizza. Dessert is too die for.
5	Incredible service and delicious food. Skip the wait with Pizzeria Bianco and come here -- this is where you find great pizza in Phoenix.Highly recommend trying the 'fresca' dessert crepe -- ice cream inside a crepe with fresh fruit and whipped cream.I also discovered my new favorite beer: Nimbus - Dirty Blonde - perfect beer to for tolerating 100+ degree weather. Try it. It rules.
3	they use nutella wich has many grams of partially hydrogenated oil!!!!!!!They do not use any of this nasty oil in the pizza. I got a cheese pizza and it was pretty good, I would go back for sure, just not eat the dessert. The vibe was cool and laid back. Good place to meet with friends
5	Urban, cool, excellent meals... and a good value, nice folks, good, service, in fact the last time i went (a week ago) the waitress remembered my order from 2 months prior ...and I'm not that memorable, nice.Just a fun place to bring a friend or a small group and get catered to with solid food, great pizza (easily stacks with Bianco if you factor in the wait) and a comfortable atmosphere.  Always a fall back for me and a place i like to show off in central Phoenix ...the place I'd like to own if I was in the food and drink biz.
5	Okay just to get any speculation out of the way, yes I've been to both this place and Bianco.  So for the sake of explaining this place, I'm gonna use comparisons on this one.The pizza at both spots is about the same size and both are cooked very well and with plenty of flavor.  So I'm calling the battle of pizza a tie.  Bianco of course is in a nicely restored machine building in downtown while Cibo is in a nicely restored home.  In terms of atmosphere, both are small and intimate.  Cibo's patio is nicely nestled right up against 5th Ave and Fillmore but the greenery and fountains keep out the noise.  Of course it can suck to be outside during the summer.  Bianco wins during the summer for a nice setup inside, but I wish they'd open up their patio to customers on a cool day.  So on atmosphere, I'm also calling it a draw.  And the wine and beer list at both places is relatively small but attractive.  Both have limited options in terms of fine wine and beer choices, but both deliver.  So yes the beer and wine selection for these two places is once again a draw.But Cibo is the winner in my book for one reason, the dessert.  Bianco has no dessert offerings.  Cibo not only has dessert, but serves some of the greatest crepes I've ever had!  My favorite is the Fresca with fresh fruit, ice cream and whipped cream.  The Nutella options are all delicious and top of the meal perfectly.  So I plead with all of you, save room for dessert at this place!  It'll put Cibo over the top for all of you I promise!
5	Atmosphere: Cafe, HipPrice: ReasonableService: ExcellentFood: Loved itGuido you do great work! I ordered the Rutica Bianco Pizza. I love fresh arugula . Prosciutto was just right. I'm in town on business from Chicago and dined by myself! I felt very comfortable and welcomed. I'll be back!
5	Cibo!  I found Cibo last summer when I was looking for a relaxed place to meet my grandfather for dinner.  With seasons tickets to the Diamondbacks he can meet me at Cibo for dinner before he catches a night game.I love Cibo's location in downtown Phoenix.  I love that it's in an old house.  I love the staff--so welcoming.My grandfather is a little disappointed that they only serve wine and beer so that he can't get a gin and tonic, but I like sitting at the bar and drinking a slow glass of wine.The food has always been delicious (we're pretty snobby when it comes to any kind of Italian fare...)
2	I and my 4 friends were not impressed with this place.  The pizza isn't what we feel is great pizza.  Go to La Grande Orange, Pizzaria Bianco, or Cafepino.
4	I took my friend to Cibo for his birthday a couple of weeks ago. He had been before and I had not (so I guess he kinda took me). I ordered the Rustica Bianco Pizza and i believe he ordered the Diavola add basil. The food was delish however my Rustica had so much arugula on it it looked like a salad on top of my pizza. I'm talking a VERY unnecessary amount.... whatever, I just removed 3/4 of it. We had almost finished our first bottle of Pinot Noir before being seated so we had another along with dinner; it was a great compliment to the food. It was a Friday night and the wait wasn't more than 45 minutes, not bad in comparison to Bianco. All in all we had a quality experience. The bar seating is very "close quarters" and if you're like me and you don't like strangers sitting in your lap I recommend imbibing someplace else.
3	So we headed to Cibo after a night downtown going to a special event, followed by a movie- then dinner! The good: it was Sat. night and the wait wasn't too long. The pizza and pear salad we ordered was awesome. The downside, my fiance ordered the "calzone pizza" you can see that this is listed for yourself under the pizza section here: http://www.cibophoenix.com/cena.pdf. Across from it you see the "Crostone" which is described as being a calzone. You can see where this is going. They served up a calzone. We asked a gentleman working there about it- he was clueless as to what might even be on the menu- and then made us feel crazy. Then the waitress came over and we asked her and she said that both of those menu items are calzones. Which is strange since one is described as a calzone- they other as an actual pizza. She said this happens "all the time." That's fine but either change your menu, or let someone know when they are ordering it that they are NOT ordering a pizza. I will also say that the pecorino cheese on the pear salad is cut so thick that in the candle light it looked like jicama. The service continues to be bad, we waited time and time again for water, they never asked if we wanted to order more wine, and the check came quickly, but it was with our credit-card on the table for about 20 mins. SERIOUSLY! Also, they seem to have some kind of ant problem in the courtyard- we were bit up before we even ordered. ALL of this being said and the food was great! Not so great that I couldn't make it at home if I had all the ingredients- but still VERY GOOD.
3	Cibo has been one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix for quite some time.  It love the space, particulalry when I can eat outside.  The pizza is always good.  I'm a big fan of the Rustica.  There is a good wine list, and overall it is a place that I like to sit with friends and hang out.Unfortunately, I can't give Cibo four or five stars becuase the service continues to be awful.  I was in the restaurant last Saturday night, it was busy and there seemed to be a complete melt down with the bar staff and the wait staff.  The Bar tender refused to serve us.  She sent us to a drab coach house in the back of the restaurant.  The Coach House did not have the full wine list available.  Really, there was not much available.  The bar tender kept dissapearing, he ran out of glasses, it was too crowded, noisy...I expect much more from a restaurant.  After we were finally seated, things improved.  I think I'll avoid Cibo on the weekends until it can work out its service issues.
4	Long time reader of Cibo reviews, first time diner and now writer.  Our group of 4 headed there Saturday night, and were immediately charmed by the atmosphere with the cute patio seating and white lights.  We arrived at 7ish and got a drink at the bar (a plus - Nimbus beer from Tucson!  And a $5 glass of Pinot Grigio!)  before being seated outside in about 20 minutes.  Our waiter was super friendly and helpful, suggesting the indecisive BF order half Prosciutto Crudo and half Salsiccia.  The rest of us ordered the Margherita - I know, I know, original.  More points to the waiter, who didn't look at my friend like a weirdo when she ordered her Margherita sans the cheese. Also, there was one woman who seemed assigned to water distribution only, and was on top of refilling our glasses.  And for me, that was every 5 minutes.  We started with the Caprese Salad, which was different but oh so delicious.  The cherry tomatoes were soaked in the pesto, oregano, and olive oil and were very flavorful - great with the mozzarella.  I could've used more basil leaves or arugula, but whatev.   The pizza's were mmmmm, mmmmm good but didn't blow me away.  Again, I could've used more basil leaves, but my fellow margherita eaters took theirs off, so again, personal preference.  I would definitely return for the overall ambience and uniqueness of Cibo, as well as the friendly staff and owners.  Definitely a downtown treat!!
4	I love Cibo. I love going with my bf here. It is pretty much located inside a historic house so it is very small. It is perfect for a romantic close date. The food is good. It is pretty much the same kind of style as Pizzeria Bianco. Although I might argue that Bianco is better. The salad is boring and dry. I I dislike salad that is a plate full of lettuce. I need more in it...shoot give me a tomato atleast !!! The crepes for dessert are delish. I would go there just for pizza and crepes.
3	I'm not quite sure what all the Cibo hype is about. My 3 stars are for the antipasto plate, dessert crepes, and the location. The hubby took me here a while ago to celebrate something (I don't remember, I blame my pregnancy brain). Anyway, after waiting 30 minutes (not bad for a Saturday night), we were seated on the patio. Water and menus were waiting but we weren't greeted by our server for close to 15 minutes. I was beginning to wonder if they had forgotten about us... So we ordered the antipasto and we each ordered a pizza (forgive me, I don't remember which ones). The antipasto was delicious. I could have just eaten that and been happy. The pizza, unfortunately, left much to be desired. The crust was not crispy, but limp and somewhat burnt. The sauce was also lacking in flavor. The toppings must not have been memorable, as I can't remember what they were. Service the entire time was lacking...several times I went without water and my husband was never asked if he wanted another beer. Ooookay? For dessert the husband ordered the nutella and banana crepe, which he inhaled. I had the fresca crepe and was surprised to find it's as big as my head. I was almost embarrassed as the server set it down in front of me. It was delicious, but I wasn't able to dent it. Again, service was terrible - our server took quite some time delivering our check, and took even longer picking it up to run our card....Don't go to Cibo for pizza or entrees. Hit it up for the antipasto and a crepe...don't mind the service, and hopefully you'll leave happy.
3	I thought I had reviewed Cibo before, but today I went to check back on what I wrote and apparently I never did. So here goes!It's always been one of my favorite spots. The patio is incredibly cool, and a great place for a date, inside is no less cool and is awesome in decor. All the old bedrooms making the dining rooms is awesome. Antipasta is great, and pizza has always been great. I do take out here a lot and never mind eating inside either. Last night though, was my first visit in months, and it is just not the same. The pizza was overly doughy, and lacked that crisp wood fired taste and texture. The sauce wasn't the same, as it tasted very bitter in comparison to prior visits. I ordered the Salsicca and what used to seem like a high quality pizza, no longer did. The sausage was some sort of ground meat like substance, compared to what I remember being a high quality sliced sausage. Their wine list has changed since my last visit, and now only has one Cabernet... a rather shitty one at that. My friend had a white pizza that she enjoyed, though my observations about it were mostly the same as though it had gone downhill. I can't tear into the place though, as the atmosphere is too perfect. Service is spectacular as well, and though I'm bitching about the pizza, it's still great pizza. It's just not what I remember... maybe I've been eating Metro and Bianco too much lately.
3	My friend Kym S and myself showed up here just as they opened on a Thursday night. We were greeted and shown to our table. After that, service was kind of lagging. Sure, we needed more time to peruse the wine menu and decide what to order, but when I told the server to give me a couple more minutes to pick my wine of choice, she never again asked me if I wanted a glass. In fact, she hardly came to our table at all. Didn't even ask how dinner was, if I remember correctly. Pity. I wanted so badly to like this place, and, in a way, I really did. I love the concept and the history of the bungalow. That gets an A+ from me. And the pizza we ordered was pretty amazing. I can't vouch for the wine. It seems like the menu is created for those who understand Italian or know alot about Italian food. Or, it's designed to be accompanied by an intelligent server who can walk you through the wine offerings and pizza choices. Even the specials sounded complicated. Maybe it's just me, but I don't want to feel less intelligent when I eat somewhere. A simple conversation about the restaurant and food would have been perfect, especially since neither Kym S or myself had ever been here before. As we dined, the place filled up quickly. And then I discovered that while this is a great little place to eat, don't expect to hold a conversation with your friend or date - it gets LOUD inside! If the weather permits, I recommend sitting outside. I'll take my own advice on that one. As for cost, I thought it was pretty reasonable. $20 between 2 of us for a caprese salad (which had two types of tomatoes and mozzarella - yum), a white pizza with smoked prosciutto and zucchini (who would have thought this combo would be so divine?) and one glass of red wine.
3	LOVED the ambience inside.  Nice view of the pizza oven.  The salad and sandwich I had during lunch with a friend were stellar!  Wished I could say the same about the pizza I had for dinner... Then again, I'm a fan of thin-crust pizzas, and the pie I had was too thick and dough-y IMO.  I took home a pie for Mom, and she didn't care for it, either.  Liked the patio seating, although I had arrived too early for the candlelight atmosphere to cast a full effect of romance over me.  The neighborhood-feel did make me wish I lived downtown...
3	I like this quaint little restaurant although the space is a bit crowded - especially during peak times. Too bad all they really serve is Pizza (there are other things on the menu - but not much else). I thought the Pizza was OK - but certainly nothing to rave about. Desert was awesome -- they have a selection of crepes to choose from which are ALL to die for! Bottom line: Experience is nice and unexpected for Phoenix. Food is not disappointing as long as you aren't expecting a lot. Desert is special.
4	I love Cibo.  Love it love it love it.   The white proscuttio pizza is always a fav, and I can never pass up crepes with banana and Nutella.  Ambiance is great, and the woman who seats us is always a delight.  Perfect place to come when you are on your way to the symphony and don't want to fight through some of the other downtown spots.
5	Alright, went back last night, felt bad because we were the late nighters, and everything was perfect.  The pizza, the salads and the wine were all so well done.  And what finally brought me to five stars was the crepe with Nuteila and Mascarpone.  OMG amazing.  I'm currently craving it the day after.  Totally beats out the crepe with nutella and banana that I also love...
4	I've been here five times and I live next door. I can't even tell you why, because I have never left this place unsatisfied.From their lunchtime sandwiches to pizza or salad at night to the best crepes filled with nutella (tip: ask for them to go light on the filling, it still tastes great and you won't feel woozy after scarfing it down), Cibo rocks.They are constantly busy, judging by the amount of cars always parked in my neighborhood and the wait for a table can reach an hour on date nights, but it's worth it.Oh, it's also locally owned and I believe the owner actually tends bar. Could be wrong.
5	C   -Crust is amazing! Perfect amount of crisp and fluffiness.  I    -Interesting location. It is in a house, on the corner, close to downtownB   -Bruschetta! Grape tomatoes and basil, Cannetini beans, Prosciutto and mozzarella.O   -OMG, is there really 4 cheese on that pizza!?!Loved it, great place for a date. The night I went there was a really nice band playing for us out on the patio.
4	This place is super cute, it reminds me of Casey Moore's in Tempe. The food was pretty good but not amazing like I was hoping for. My friend told me that it was the next best thing to pizzeria bianco, so after hearing all the raves about that place (but I still unfortunely havn't been myself) I was certain the Cibo would be really good. Everything in there is nice and cute, the kitchen, design, even the bread they serve before the meal. But my firends and I spit their house salad which sounded really good to me, but the greens were really stemy. Then we got a pizza and I loved the crispy crust, but it wasn't anything to die for. But then again my friend took it upon herself to add garlic to it, which I think might have ruined it, so I defintiey want to give this place another try and eat a pizza how it comes.
5	Say it with me "Cheee-bow", now you've got it. Chris Bianco had better stay on his side of Central because Cibo is bringing some serious wood-fired heat with their two-person pizza kitchen stashed away in a restored home on the corner of Fillmore and 5th Ave. Lunch and dinner only here (for breakfast pizza, check out Pie-sano's) in a unique pizzeria that makes me feel like I'm eating at home. The pizza is cooked up in a wood burning oven (like Bianco's) so expect that same taste. They are smaller, typically for two people, and can range from a classic white pizza to the strangest concoction your mind can dream up. The seating is limited and there is a crowd perpetually from 11am to 10pm. Don't even try on First Fridays or Suns game nights. Cibo is out of the way but easy to access from 7th Ave. Parking is limited and only getting worse. Be careful crossing the street, the corner is dark and I drive fast.
5	This was hands down, the best pizza I've ever had...I ordered a white pizza with the spicy pepperoni on it and it arrived looking like a beautiful piece of artwork..almost too pretty to eat, but i had to...we ate the whole thing, and downed a bottle of wine..we also had the banana crepe for dessert which you can't leave without having a bite....try their nut brown ale...very delicious, especially during the winter time...the place was jam-packed when we went in there but we got a seat at the bar and had our pizza and wine, which was absolutely fine with us..awesome place to take a date..
2	This was actually my second time eating at the big 'C'(mind out of the gutter), i had been here a good 2-3 years ago for dinner. One of the first things about Cibo that draws you in is the expansive patio with benches, fire pit, and tables for service. I imagine that the fire pit and benches come in handy on a busy Friday night while you swill some wine waiting for your table. My man-date and i had stopped by the vintage craftsman home that is Cibo for a Friday lunch anticipating pizza-y goodness... nope, sandwiches and salads only for lunch.  Alright, we are big boys, no crying, suck it up, roll with the punches.  Sadly to say after perusing the sandwiches and salads i wasn't overly excited about anything, it was all a pretty much boring standards.  That isn't to say it didn't sound edible but i honestly expected a little more than the standard Prosciutto and Motz sandwiches of any Italian deli. I settle the PLT but with added Motz (BLT but Prosciutto instead of bacon) and my buddy got the Pastrami. If nothing else Cibo has amazing bread, everything else was a little boring.  The bell pepper aioli vaguely smelled like anchovies which freaked me out but i decided to eat it anyways, i am still feeling okay hours later as i write this, don't worry. The salad that came with was tasty but i could have done with less pine nuts/garnish and more attention to the sandwiches.  Nothing was terrible but i don't think i would ever rush back to eat lunch, i think i am going to try and do dinner later this week before i head back to CA but it might get passed over for Spinatos or Bianco.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw?select=pxm0cOIoLBj5CGjYAvw8Lwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw?select=hd-s0jAenKqoNg-hUqnPMQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw?select=z63anYfNP879CV749HlyNg
4	Quaint pizza joint in historic downtown Phoenix. My family tells me this area has really picked up since I left in 2001, and now with the new lightrail, I believe them. Cibo has a lovely patio (perfect for spring/summer, but even w/ the heat lamps it would have been too cold), a cute tiny bar (not much room for waiting), and great thin crust pizza. I like the light feeling of the pizza, but I think it could be more flavorful. Still, for Phx, this place is pretty great. I recommend trying a couple pizzas and sharing. Also the pear salad is fantastic! I think I enjoyed it even more than the pizzas.
5	You're downtown, you want interesting pizza options without the 5 hour wait, and your hunrgy...That's me.Funny thing is, I actually didn't like this place at first, but now it's a first choice.It's a cute little place with delicious food. Never had a problem, and rarely do I wait (but I'm an early eater). Never tried their lunch options, however.I recommend the pesto salad, prosciutto pizza, and you need to try a crepe. MARSCAPONE AND NUTELLA?????? Umm, OK!DROOOOOL....
3	The pizza is decent but the standout here is the antipasto plate.  They also have some great beers and I like the small house feel to the place.  Great spot next door too, palate.
4	Cibo is a great place to bring someone who doesn't know about it already you'll score some cool points for being in the know. I love the concept of a restaurant set in a historic house that in itself is cool in its own right  and the food is tasty but the service is horrible! The waiter comes to your table takes down your order and is never to be seen again till your done with your food. Grrrrr! Despite the bad service I still come back for more because i'm obsessed with the bruschetta here.  The appetizer comes with three different types of bruschetta tomato, cheese with prosciutto, and some weird bean stuff  weird but tasty. The pizza is pretty good too but I think the sauce tastes a little like ragu...really :)
5	I had lunch here this week for the first time. I happened to notice this place when driving by and decided to take a friend to give it a try as she always like this kind of place. The historic house has a wonderful atomsphere.  I had the spek and my friend had the vegetariano.  We were both impressed with the food, it was fresh and delicious. Service was very good also, my glass was never empty.  I look forward to coming back some evening and trying the pizza.
4	The food is great, fresh and very tasteful... the service, not so much. As another person reviewed here, the wait staff takes your order, asks if you are ordering dessert and then takes the check... No "how is your food, can I bring you more water, would you like parm cheese w/your pizza". Nothing!!!I've never been to a restaurant that has that much LACK of service, its amazing how many people actually come back for more bad service, I guess its because of the food, which I can understand. We had Divola pizza, great fresh cheese, salami and fresh tomatoes. For dessert we ordered a freshly made crepe, w/ marscarpone cheese and nutella.. it was heavenly!The owners, an older couple, are very friendly and very into their place. I guess someone should complain to them about their wait staff.
3	Can't say I enjoyed the food here much. Maybe it was the pizza I got (the vegetarian) but my friends didn't think to highly of the Pizza's they had gotten either. I was impressed by the ambience of the restaurant and the overall presentation. But the pizza itself was not great at all. It's definitely no where near the taste of Bianco's and I was hoping this place would be a good alternative.  My friends go here a lot for lunch to get sandwiches. I may give that a try sometime but I would advise against coming here for dinner.Instead grab dinner somewhere else and come here and grab a nutella & banana crepe for dessert! Now that was good.
3	I've always been satisfied with the food here.  Not too expensive, respectable pizzas, salads and paninis.  (No pizzas at lunch time, mind you.)  Not consistently mindblowing, but consistently good.  I think I was really impressed by the food once out of six visits or so, and the rest of the times I just enjoyed the atmosphere and drinks on the patio with family or friends.  It's a pretty little patio with trees hanging down and an organic feel to it.  Not pretentious, just pleasant.  And the staff's always been down to earth and decently cool.Superior to Bianco if you don't have four hours to blow.
4	Apparently, I've not written my review of Cibo as yet.  Cibo has excellent pizza in a charming atmosphere - it's a great date restaurant, Girls-Night-Out restaurant, or "Place to take your hip Mom" restaurant.  Not a ton of testosterone here.  Which is fine, we're secure enough to come here and sit on the spindly little patio chairs and sip wine and munch on pizza and idly agree with the dining companion du jour about how cute everything is.  I lied in the previous sentence.  I never munch on pizza.  Perhaps I shouldn't be hungry as I write this, but I tend to devour my pizza in such a way that embarrasses anyone with a good view.  I imagine it must be like a train wreck.  The service here has some issues.  They always take care of me, per se, and they do it with a degree of aplomb, but I have gotten some attitude here previously.  Maybe they have elephantine memories and remember that time I brought my plastic cup of iced mocha from Fair Trade and refused to let them take it until halfway through my meal (I wasn't done with it!!!!) or the one time my friend asked if she could get a side of Ranch Dressing (not kidding, seriously you should know by now I honestly couldn't make this stuff up [to which request the waiter replied with a terse "Umm, no."])  I have yet to find the perfect pizza ingredients here - Diavolo is too spicy, other things I've tried are too sweet, not enough flavor, or have other drawbacks (vegetables, for instance) which prevent them from being favorites.  I guess I come back for the overall experience, despite the occasionally uneven service.  Plus, it's almost magically easy compared to Bianco's.  (probably the only comparison with Bianco's it will ever win).
5	Amazing, amazing ... AMAZING.  I've had about everything on the menu... and not one regret.  The salads are fresh and the ingredients blend well.  The pizzas are baked to perfection.  The crepes are out of this world.... seriously, try the nutella banana crepe!  Easy drive, abundant parking (except for First Fridays), not far from the Light Rail, so very accessible.  The atmosphere is very cozy and inviting.  This is a great place!
4	This place has great ambiance, set it an old house with seating in multiple rooms and a lovely outdoor space. The decor is eclectic.They have a nice wine and beer selection and the antipasto speciale was delicious! The bruschetta looked amazing and I'm sorry we didn't give that a try.The pizzas were definitely tasty and reasonably priced for dinner. They have a changing special pizza and wine pairing...a nice way to try new things.We will definitely be back!
4	I stumbled upon this place the other night for dinner with a friend, and had a lovely evening.  Great price point on bottles of wine as much of them are under $30.  The antipasto plate is the best in the city, and is great in nibbling on while catching up with friends.  The crowd is mixed and matched with the typical graduate-school hipsters on dates and large families with well-behaved children who can amuse themselves without flimsy colouring mats.  The pizzas, Quattro Formaggi and Siena, I did not care too much about them; however, I would not pass another opportunity in trying another type of pizza.  Desert was what desert should be; shareable, simple, and sweet.  Who knew vanilla ice cream, a freshly made crepe, and seasonal fruit with whipped cream could taste so good and be so fun.  Yums!
5	"Kismet: (Islam) the will of Allah - kismat An event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future - destiny, fate" That's the word that popped into my head after a wonderful evening at Cibo. A motley group of friends met up for dinner and left very, very happy. We met around 7pm at Cibo. We were immediately seated at the front of the house next to the bar. The bartender was our waiter and he was super friendly and very helpful. We decided to each order a pizza so that plates could be passed around and pizzas shared! I'm glad that was what the decision was because I tried several different pizzas that night. The server was very helpful in selecting the wine that I chose to drink that night. He asked me what I liked to drink as far as American standards and suggested great Italian wines. He even came to suggest certain pizzas as well as aperitifs! I ordered the Bruschetta... it was delicious. The entire table enjoyed that appetizer. Once the main meals arrived, we realized that appetizers weren't needed. For my meal I ordered the Prosciutto Crudo. The dough was well cooked but not too hard that you could take a good chewy/smoky bite out of it. There were plenty of toppings and everything was high quality. I was amazed! At the end of the meal we just HAD to indulge in the crepes. I chose the Nutella and chocolate crepe....heaven. Of course I shared and everyone agreed that the crepe was amazing. To finish our dining experience off, we indulged in aperitifs of Lemoncello and some kind of yummy chocolate liqueur. Of course from start to finish I was happy. Our service was spot on, the food was FANTASTIC, and the drinks were wonderful. It was fate that our crew hit that spot right then, right there... I honestly do not have one complaint, one criticism, one bad thing to say about Cibo. I hope to catch a moment of kismet again!
5	I love this place.  I have been here several times and it's always a favorite.  The food is awesome and the atmosphere is top notch.  Definitely score points on an early date by going here.Only downside is the wait, but if you know that going into it, it's no big deal.  We grabbed a bottle of wine and sat by their fire pit to kill the time.We actually had a group of six people.  3 pizzas, 3 salads, a desert crepe (we destroyed it), a few cups of coffee and we walked out of there for $17 a head for the meal.  Well worth it.
4	Great pizza without a 5 hour wait!  Is it as authentic as Pizzeria Bianco? Probably not, then again, I don't think Pizzeria Bianco is all that authentic, plus, Cibo has a great outdoor space and the pizza is very good. The sardegna salad and the capriccosia pizza were great.  Cibo also has a very reasonable wine list and the outdoor space and decor make you feel tucked away in your own little place.  Now, I would be remiss if I didn't mention one oddity...the waitress was good at asking how things were going, just not so good at staying for the answer.  She literally walked away more than once before we could actually answer her questions...oh well, we didn't have much to say.
4	If Cibo was located in a large urban city like NY or SF, it would be lucky to get 2 stars. However, in Phoenix, this place gets a 3.5 stars for it's ambience. The restaurant is a very nice cozy mix of a pizzeria, a ski lodge and a patio bar.  It has a very unique and fun feel. It's also located in downtown Phoenix.  It has a very Northern California house type of feel. The wine selection was excellent and it was served chilled. The service was excellent and they were very laid back.  However, the pizza was disappointing.  The crust was soggy and it could have been much crispier. It definitely did not taste baked and there was no substance to it. It felt you were just picking up slabs of cheese with sauce. The cheese was good but not great. It almost passed the authenitc test but it's still lacked the texture and flavor of authentic mozzarella. Normally, I wouldn't criticize cheese so intensely but this place is trying to compete with the likes of authentic "Italy" Italian pizza with the likes of pizzeria bianco yet it failed to measure up. Nonetheless, Pizzeria Bianco is incredibly hyped in my opinion too.Still, I would recommend this place because it is fun and unique. And people should check it out. It's not a cookie cutter chain that Phoenix is known to have. Furthermore, you will get the same experience as Pizzeria Bianco without the hype and the 3 hour wait.
4	This is the best pizza spot in Phoenix, hands down. You've gotta love the Italian craftsmanship that goes into each pie. Sausage, prosciutto and salmon are the house favorites and each pie comes with a generous drizzle of olive oil. The crust is chewy and fresh outta the oven, with delicious bubbles of char. The atmosphere is reason enough to come here. This place packs the crowds in every night for dinner in its charming turn-of-the-century downtown home. The owners are sweethearts, the wine flows consistently and it's a vibrant downtown must-do. Skip it on First Fridays, though... the crowds can get too intense.
4	Cibo has a simple menu but its done right. I had pizza there with a friend we order two pizza and shared with left overs to take home. Though i enjoyed the food Cibo's main plus is the atmosphere. An old charming house turned into a restaurant is a cozy and inviting feel. Sit outside before the weather turns unbearable. Great place for a date or just hanging with friends. Cibo's use of architecture and food is one of the signs phoenix can move in the right direction in city life.
5	It was pretty crowded on the Sunday night I visited and I was alone (in town on business) so I sat at the bar.  I wouldn't recommend doing that, the press of people was far too claustrophobic.  The food was outstanding.  I am still thinking longingly of the Tricolore pizza two weeks later.  The crust was perfect, chewy and light and tasty and the toppings and seasoning was just incredible.  I can't wait to go back with my colleagues next week.  But we'll be getting a table this time!
4	Just had dinner there last night.  Very nice ambiance.  We had the  cheese, basil, and tomato pizza and the sausage pizza.  The fresh mozzarella was fantastic and the pizzas were great.  I didn't give it five stars because I like my pizza  with a little more tomato.  The other reason, but like the first one it is  a bit subjective, is that the menu selections for dinner are limited - basically pizza.  It was good  enough that I  definitely plan to have lunch one day next week  and try some  of the dishes  that others have raved about!
4	I really enjoy this place.  It is in a romantic little house.  It has a great wine list and the pizza is really good.  I think the pizza compares to Bianco's pizza, but you don't have to wait several hours to eat.  Big plus in my book!
5	Wow - I must admit, Cibo impressed me more than I anticipated... even after reading the 100 reviews that came before mine!I had plans to meet my friend and future yelper Leslie F for lunch on Monday, and when she suggested Cibo since it's near where she works, I jumped on it... after all, I'd never been and I'd been wanting to try it for ages!Maybe lunchtime is the time to go, as we didn't have to wait for a table and our service was right on... Sara was our waitress and she was just the right amount of attentive; she gave us time to peruse the menu per our request but brought our iced teas out right away.  They stayed full too... thanks to the attentive rest of the staff.  I felt like I drank about 5 gallons of tea (it's really good by the way).I opted for a vegetariano sandwich served hot with a house salad.  The saltimbocca bread is worth breaking the wedding diet for, and the grilled zucchini, roasted red bell peppers, grilled eggplant and mozzarella are just the right amount of flavor in between the fresh bread.  Each bite was uhhhmazing.  I love when restaurants choose not to skimp on the quality or the quantity.  The salad was the perfect compliment as well.Leslie chose the Sicilia salad.  She is a Cibo regular but this was the first time she had this particular salad.  It comes with organic mixed greens, orange slices, goat cheese, and toasted almonds with Grand Marnier dressing and a side of fresh bread.  She seemed happy with her order as well.  The other salads and sandwiches looked appealing as well.We skipped dessert although Leslie told me that the mini crepes they serve are fabulous... I'll have to return to try those as well as the pizzas one evening for dinner.  I know Jared will also love the bungalow style house and laid back ambiance that Cibo offers in addition to the fabulous menu and service we received.  I can't wait to share my new find with him!
4	Ok, went to Cibo with my girl Angie D for lunch. Great service in and out quickly. Also came here for lunch after Marc and I got our marriage lisence, also quick service and good food, and veg options, as Marc is Catholic and it was a lenten Friday.
4	prosgood pizzafancy , expensive but not outrageously expensiveclean interioroutside setting with heating lamps to add to setting. good drinks (got a green tea, the name of the tea, called "Infusion", lives up to it's name!!!)the design of the outside, and inside, makes the place a 5/5 for the interior. the food is great! me and a friend shared pizza (toppings were meaty sausage and cheese). the bill didn't come out to a large amount. the wait was a tad excessive. there's a bar. friendly service.cons:none for me, been here only once and will never be here again because we were tourists
4	I haven't yelped in quite some time so I've got alot of catching up to do.I found Cibo via our cute little Yelp friend when I was downtown one day picking up baseball tickets.It's interesting, and HIDDEN to say the least, I must have driven up and down 3 streets before finding the little place.The patio was packed for lunch so I opted to sit inside and catch up on some news while sipping on a Palagrino, the server recommended the hot Italian sausage sandwich with the house salad, being that I had never been to Cibo, I followed it and was soon in love with the aroma, tangy spices and uniqueness which danced on my palate.So why no 5 stars? It's a little poser-ish of Bianco, or Bianco poser-ish off of it.
4	I tried Cibo because of all the reviews on Yelp and because I don't want to wait in a long line for Pizzeria Bianco which I keep hearing about.  I am not a very patient person and 3 hours for a pizza is pushing it, even though I love pizza it is one of my favorite foods.  Back to Cibo it was a little hard to find at night because it is dimly lit.  Which is nice and romantic when you get inside, especially since it was my girlfriend and I.  It is a located in a re purposed bungalow house, which is great to help keep part of downtown's history.  We ordered the Anitpasto Speciale which was really good although the roasted red peppers were overly done and mushy.  We had trouble picking a pizza and the waiter was very helpful.  He told us that they were individual sized pizzas but since we split the Antipasto platter we could share one.  We ordered the Salsicca pizza which came with tomato sauce, sausage and mozzarella. It was a really good thin crust pizza.  The crust was crispy and had a little char it actually tasted like a fresh baked tortilla (like mom used to make).  We did have room for desert so we each ordered our own crepe, thinking they would be a single rolled crepe.  We should of shared one because they were as big as the pizza.  I ordered the Nutella and mascarpone crepe which was good.  My girlfriend ordered the Nutella and banana crepe which was delicious.We definitely will be back again for another romantic dinner.  Oven fired pizzas, fresh and imported Italian ingredients and reasonably priced.  It can't be beat.
3	ah yes another review. Went to Cibo with a large group of 14 current and past co-workers to hear our co-worker and friend play guitar there. Everything was great at first. Nice  service, nice atmosphere, as allways, good food. There was another large party on the patio with us and it was still quiet and relaxing. My co-worker brought his dog and it was cool that they allow that. Then I looked down and realized it was 7:30, and I needed to go. Some people were going to stay and drink more, but I had to go. So I asked the server if she could put $20 of our bill on my card. Um, I guess not. Get this- they DONT SPLIT CHECKS, and only take 4 debit/credit cards per bill. So not only could I not leave until everyone paid, but we were going to have a hard time paying the bill +20% added gratuity b/c most of us ( being 40 and under) only carry credit/debit cards. The. best part was when I asked her to put $20 on my card she looked at me and said "What do you want me to do with the card?" hmm, I want to pay for my food lady. GEEZ sorry. ALL of this on a Monday night. Apparently we were $2 short ( go figure with 10 different people) and she actually brought out a calculator and tossed it at us... treated us like we were bums.The servers attitude alone was rude and ruined for us.I will go back (if I'm allowed) as the food is good and the service, usually, is good too.( At another point she said she couldn't go inside and check on something b/c "its too busy in there". Hm sorry your place of work is busy on a Monday night during a recession. Don't worry, I doubt it will last for long.)
5	I love Cibo. I've been here for lunch, dinner and take-out. They have never messed up an order or made anything less than perfect. It's my favorite pizza in Phoenix since I gave up trying to go to Bianco's. One order must be dairy-free and it's never a problem (no-cheese pizzas are a familiar order here). The nutella crepes are heavenly. I've taken groups, teens, family, etc., it's all good.Don't go. I don't want to get stuck in a line.
4	Fantastic eatery in a darling house converted into an equally darling restaurant. The kind of place you want to move into. I wished we had sat on the patio though. Maybe next time.We had a great red sauce pizza and I would recommend this place to anyone. It has great views of the skyscrapers downtown. Parking isn't too much of a problem either. It is definitely a good place to go with friends or on a date. I don't recommend it for groups of 8 or more. I went with just one friend and it was fine.
5	I had read some reviews about this place, and between those and my prior love for pizza, I knew I had to give it a try.  Sadly, it took me way to long to get here.I actually took the GF & my parents there for a joint dinner.  They had never met before, and I was really banking the success of their meeting on Cibo's food and ambiance.  I can honestly say, mission accomplished!Not that the restaurant had anything to do with the weather, but we had an amazing table outside (the only way to go here), under a tree in what turned out to be a cool Saturday afternoon. That was only the beginning.Our appetizer plate was amazing, and definitely enough for four people to share.  This plate had enough variety, that even the pickiest of parents found something he/she enjoyed.  We all order pizzas, because none of us really knew how big they'd be.  The crust, cheese and toppings were everything we could have wanted. Crisp, warm and delicious.  The pizzas are big enough for two, and I'd actually recommend sharing with someone else (unless you want leftovers) because dessert is the best here.You won't find many places that serve Nutella, let alone in homemade crepes.  The crepe with Nutella and banana was unbelievable and is a destination dessert in itself.  I'll come back just for that.  We also split one limoncello drink, which was so strong.  The parental unit was flying high after just sipping that once!All in all, this place is excellent.  It is totally tucked away in a cool neighborhood, and is a great place for a date or to feel like you are escaping the suburban sprawl in PHX.
3	I like the atmosphere; it feels like a bit of Berkley in Phoenix.  The owners seem like they are really into it.  We started with a couple of their really good salads, totally delicious. When it came to the pizza - ummm, I expected better.  The toppings were pretty good (we ordered 3 different pizzas) but the crust fell short.  Thin crust which when done right is excellent,sadly this wasn't one of those times. I have a couple server pet peeves and one those peeves popped up at Cibo;  throughout the dining experience (and no matter where you are, whether it be In-N-Out or Le Cirque, it should be a dining experience) the server takes no interest in your table other than to take your order and deliver - then suddenly out of no where, 5 minutes before he/she is about to present the check, this new person emerges.  He/she now has a personality where absolutely none existed before and they want to know about your needs.  Now I really understand when the restaurant is so busy that you're lucky to even recognize your server, but if there isn't a wait...C'mon.
5	I love this place!! A friend picked it out for our group of 10 and we had reservations at around 5:15 PM on a Saturday night. It was within walking distance of the Hyatt Regency..Phoenix has lovely weather in February. This place is super cute with all the lights outside, fire pit, little water fall/fountains for the birds to play in. Definitely cutesy plate for dates and couples! We got there at just the right time, because soon enough, the place was packed and everyone had eyes on our table. The owners are constantly serving people and accommodating everyone, super cool. Even though we were pretty much done with our meal, we didn't feel rushed to leave ASAP. Several people in our group got the Pesto and Pear Salad. I tried the Pesto Salad and loved it. The potatoes are yum! I got the Funghi pizza and added sausage (posted a picture of this one), a friend got the salmone, and another got a calzone (huge btw!) The salmone was interesting, I've never had salmon on my pizza before - but I liked it. We all wanted to get crepes at the beginning of the meal, but ended up having a lot of pizza leftover and no room for dessert. When I come back to Phoenix in January, I am going to split a pizza and salad with someone and get dessert - no doubt.
5	took my mom, grandma, and the mrs. here for the kickoff to my birthday weekend. my family doesn't experience much downtown (they're *gag* scottsdale) so i chose cibo as the perfect introduction to the wonderful cuisine and atmosphere cen pho offers. went at 6pm on a friday night and the wait wasn't bad - maybe 15-20 minutes. it wasn't too crowded in there so we managed to huddle around the bar and have a drink and chat for a bit before we were seating. i had almost forgotten how absolutely charming this place was - you feel very at home inside, and it makes for a comfortable meal and dining experience.although the service wasn't as good as i expected it to be - our waiter disappeared for long periods of time and didn't check on us very often - it wasn't bad enough to the point of knocking the place down a star. first up came the bread and olive oil, and when we asked for butter, we were denied because they didn't have any. what restaurant doesn't have butter? we ordered two salads to share - the house salad and the pear salad. both were superb. the large chunks of parmigiano  on the house salad were tasty as was the balsamic dressing - not too much and not too little - just right. we went with two pizzas, a red and a white. the capriciossa and the other one i forgot the name (it had fontina cheese and pepperoni, and it's not on the online menu). the white pizza was definitely  my favorite, as i am not a fan of pizza with a lot of toppings. i just can't get over how delicious these pizzas are - the crispy wood-fired crust and the cheesiest of cheeses - cooked to perfect. we couldn't leave without desert, and settled on the nutella and fresca. both were to die for; i prefered the fruitiness of the fresca to the somewhat overly sweet nutella. oh how i heart your pizza, cibo. no need to try pizzeria bi-crappo, you treat me and my taste buds perfectly.
5	This place knows how to rock my face off. Maybe I am just easy in giving them 5 stars, but they impressed when I didn't know what to expect. The brushetta is off the chain. I tried several different slices of pizza and not one disappointed. The only knock I can give is that, given that it is a small place, it does take a long time to get seated if there is a crowd. They do say patience is a virtue. Believe me this place is worth the wait. By far my favorite pizza place thus far. I am eagerly anticipating my next travel there. Not soon enough...
4	One of the best Pizza joints in town! It is the "poor man's" Bianco without the 3 hr wait. I not saying it is the best pizza in the country but it is far better than most. The antipasto is excellent and all the ingredients are fresh. The setting it quite nice (inside a converted home) and its location keeps it from being totally overrun with tourists.
4	My palette isn't very sophisticated so I have to admit right off the bat I didnt understand most of the menu. I met here for a lunch meeting with someone who, thankfully, has a firm grasp on finer dining. I had the Spek. I dont remember the fancy terms used to describe it but basically it was a ham and cheese sandwich on some sort of flat bread. It was pretty good, and for a restaurant with a lot of fancy sounding food the price was really reasonable. Less than $10 per person as I recall.The only downside was that its very small inside and the sound of people talking crescendos to the point that I could barely hear myself think, let alone hear what my lunch colleagues were saying. In the end, I left well fed and happy. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for something new and interesting.
5	Because someone yelled at me for doling out stars like candy, I now feel guilty when I give out five stars for a restaurant I've only visited once.  Do they deserve the fifth star?  Was it an aberration? Will I look douchey to someone else who, based on more visits, has deemed this place mediocre?But if you had the grilled spek sandwich (proscuitto, tomatoes, cheese) that I just had on the sublimely amazing bread they have at cibo, you would indeed feel it obligatory to give them all five stars.  The fruit that is served w/ the meal was whatever but I don't care, because it has been a long time since I had a sandwich that good.
4	I'm going to go out on a limb and claim this is better then Pizzeria Bianco.  You don't have to wait for hours and hours and the pizza is better!  Cute place, great pizza, good wine, and I would highly recommend any of the nutella crepes.
5	This place might be my favorite place to eat in the entire Phoenix area.  Not only are the sandwiches during lunch and pizzas at dinner spectacular, the whole experience is top notch.  The wait staff is great and the building is an old home with such a great ambiance to it that you cannot help but have a great time at this place.  Whether you are looking for a date place or a place to go with a bunch of friend and share great conversation, this place will work great for you.
5	I am only in Phoenix for a few weeks and was hunting for something that would please the "foodie" in me.  (If traveling by public transportation), don't be discouraged by the slightly awkward walk from the light rail station (Van Buren) to the restaurant (5th and Fillmore).  Cibo sits right on the corner and is built into an old house.  Visually pleasing -- lowlight, original artwork -- I liked the ambience.  It was refreshing to get away from the contemporary desolation that is downtown Phoenix.  Granted, my friend and I dined on July 4th (a quiet night for many restaurants), but the service was wonderful.  Our server struck up conversation and seemed genuine in recommending her favorite antipasti, pizza and wine/beer combinations.  The antipasto speciale was full of interesting flavors and the Prosciutto Crudo pizza was simple yet tasty.  Great dough and black label meat is always a plus.  I stand for beer with pizza so the server pointed me to a micro brew that's right out of Tuscon (forget the name, but second of the four).  Since it was a mellow night, we were allowed to lounge outside on the patio with the Nutella and strawberries.  I probably could have gone without dessert (considering I had a few slices to take home), but my sweet tooth said otherwise.  Overall a really pleasant and peaceful experience.  I also appreciated the server's comment that contrary to popular belief, Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco are not rivals.  Rather, they endorse each other in front of guests.
4	This place is so darn cute!! The patio area is super romantic! Friend and I sat in the patio for dinner but then it randomly started to rain so we moved inside. I guess this place used to be a house and you can tell by the layout and the inside is just as cute as their patio. Highly recommend this as a date spot.We ordered the pear salad, which was surprisingly good...I don't usually like arugula. Very tasty indeed! I was disappointed by the pear in the salad. If you are going to have a pear salad you should try to ensure that the pear is ripe and that it actually tastes like a pear. We also shared the vegetarian pizza which was also good. Something about the crust or the sauce or the cheese it just had a distinct flavor. It was a bit weird that the pizza was separated by the veggies i.e. one slice of red pepper, one slice of zucchini. I would have preferred for the veggies to be cut into smaller pieces and sprinkled throughout the pizza. Random? The italian beer was refreshing and lite...perfect for a hot summer night. I would definitely come back to try other things on their menu.
4	I checked out Cibo after reading the reviews on Yelp.The wait wasn't too bad for a Saturday night. To kill the time, we went next door to Local Breeze and had a few drinks (I want to check that place out next).After about a 30 minute wait, we got seated at Cibo. The place feels "cozy." As previous posts have pointed out, the restaurant is built into an old house. It's got a nice atmosphere. You can go with friend or take a date.My group all ordered a pizza (Margherita, Prosciutto Crudo, and Salmone). No one had any complaints. Everyone liked the crust and the fresh ingredients. I'm not a big fan of ham, but the prosciutto was fantastic!For dessert, we ordered the Nutella and Mascarpone. It was refreshing (on the day we went, it happened to be 115 degrees -- gotta love summer in Phoenix).I'm glad I went, I'd go again, and I'd recommend the place to a friend.
4	LOVED THE cute in this place:-) Went here on a date.. its coolio for that.. HOWEVER, I didnt care for the pizza we had... and its not to say the other pizzas arent better! I had the Pesto, my 'date' ordered.. I just thought the combo of potatoes with pesto on a crust was odd.. BUT I loved the antipasto platter.. a huge assortment of olives.. and the marinade was awesome.. Great wine.. great service! Ill go back for sure... and just order something without potatoes and pesto!! :-)
3	Went here for lunchWas bummed that they don't have pizza for lunchPooSo instead I got a sandwich and it was okThe bread was tastyEhI'm so bummed they didn't have pizza at lunch:(
4	This place is perfect for me.  It is a classically preserved Craftsman bungalow, floors all creaky and wonderful.   I remember this 'hood before Tera's Garden was there (which became Palatte, now Local Breeze, next door)...  to open a restaurant in the middle of scary/nowhere and be as consistently busy and successful as they are, I don't think you need further information.   People have different tastes in pizza - this is my taste!   For lunch I love their super-fresh greens - mixed greens right off the farm with yummy shaved parmasiano/reggiano, perfectly ripe farm tomatoes, and a pesto dressing... all the flavors take me back to lucious meals in Italy!   The service is super friendly even when they are rushed.I deduct one partial star for the rather lackluster dry, tasteless bread (sourdough maybe?) served with the meal (although it is FREE), and the curious absence of small plates upon which I would like to mix up some olive oil and pepper and dip my bread, making it more palatable.   When I ask for a small plate they always bring me a dinner-sized one, hmm. During nice weather, there is nothing more enjoyable than an evening meal out on their patio:  wine, pizza, salad, and then let's all split one of those nutella crepes with bananas please!
5	What can I say about CIBO that hasn't been said before?...it has so many elements that make a great place to hang out and eat with friends...* Good Service and courteous hosts* Delicious fresh tasting food  that  scream  I am somehow good for you * Crepes that are to die for .. how can you resist...* Brick Oven Pizza * Edgy Decor  dripping with hipness* Great reflection of the downtown feel Great for meeting after work , taking mom out to eat , wine and pizza with friends , downtown close to eventsGo ..you will love it   enuf said
5	Perfect place to drunkenly grab a pizza during first fridays! So good! And definitely better than bianco because there isn't an insane wait with snobby hostesses! Go cibo!
3	I would say 3.5 stars, but I'll round down because I am in no rush to go back. I ended up going here because I was planning on going to Pizzeria Bianco, but the wait was waaaaay too long. The wait here seemed long also, but I got lucky and got a seat at the bar to eat dinner pretty quickly. I definitely enjoyed the pizza. It's a tasty thin crust and the sausage topping had a lot of flavor. However, I did not like the calzone very much. The inside did not seem cooked like it should be. I was in the mood for ricotta cheese and was regrettably let down. In hindsight I should have tried two different types of pizza, maybe next time, if there is one.
4	Delicios new york style thin crust pizza with simple topping combinations as it should.  They also have a good selection of salads.  We enjoyed the dining atmosphere (low key cafe) but the waitress we had kept trying to rush us to leave.
3	I had such great hopes for this place. I love the fact that this restaurant is a restored craftsman home in downtown Phoenix with a great patio area.  We went there on a Saturday night and the waited  for an hour for a table while being able to meet the friendly owners. We ended up with a small table on the patio. Our waiter was half attentive to us throughout the night. The thin pizza crust was not as crispy as we would have like it. My husband's pizza was on the salty side. My pizza with spicy salami was good, not the best pizza ever.  After all the great things I've heard about this place, I was a little disappointed with the food. I wish the great atmosphere was matched with great food. I'd say it's a really nice place to hang out with friends for some wine and pizza while supporting a local business.
5	Great Lunch and Salads.  Have not been for dinner yet but plan on it soon.   Dessert is awesome as well.
5	I never would have known this place existed and that would have sucked- if it wasn't for my super duper in the know wife. Took her and a couple of clients here today and the place was awesome!Cool people, very laid back atmosphere, kick ass food and at a totally fair price. I could stop there but I will go on....The guy who met us at the door- cool. Our waitress- cool. The nice lady who filled up my tea like 7 times without giving me the "seriously dude" look- yup, cool. On the location- We met at 11:30- way early by downtown lunch standards so I was kinda freaked out from the look of things out front, not much happening. Once we got inside, it made me feel like I had stumbled into the kind of place I wanna be in. Nice and clean, but totally got that old converted house feeling (in a good way). Oh, and by 12:30 when we left- packed!The food- Yum! At our table there were two PLT's (one of them mine), basically prosciutto, lettuce & tomato, a pastrami sandwich and another sammy that I cannot recall. What I can recall is that everyone liked them- me especially. It was great... perfectly toasted bread, great fillings and a nice little salad. And for desert since my lady companions insisted- a crepe suzette and a crepe with nutella. And of course- damn!The price- Bout $60 for all 4 of us. I would have spent that easily at some place that I would not have been half as happy with. Final thought- go, eat, drink tea and enjoy!
5	I hardly ever get downtown for lunch and had no idea where to go, so I sent out a tweet. A couple people independently suggested Cibo, so we met friends there. The place is very a charming, a converted house with brick wall, chandeliers, and cool art. They serve sandwiches and salads at lunch time. I got the pastrami and mostly enjoyed it. It was actually a little too rich with the fontina for my liking, but overall pretty good. The bread was toasty and incredible. The staff was great- nice, genuine and friendly. I love when servers know how to strike the balance of being attentive while giving you time to talk with your company.Last, but best, we ordered dessert crepes. This is where the 5th star comes in- oh my freaking god. We got a suzette which has orange marmalde folded in and is topped with gran marnier which they light at the table. We also got one stuffed with warm nutella and topped with powedered sugar. It was absolute freaking ecstasy on a plate. Let me tell you- if you ever have a hot date, or an apology to make, do it over wine and dessert crepes at Cibo.
5	I can't believe no one has talked about Pasta Tuesday. Definitely the best time to go but make sure you get there early because the pasta literally runs out. It is that good. They have this guy (Guido) come every Tuesday and he starts making hand made pasta early in the morning. He picks 2 unique dishes. It was one of the best pasta I have EVER tasted. I crave it all the time. I had a fettucini noodle in a alfredo creme sauce with herbs and pine nuts on top. I can't even describe the taste (wow what a good food critic i am). You just have to go check it out. I am going TONIGHT!
5	This place is AMAZING! The antipasti is overwhelming with wonderful flavors and the margarita pizza is to die for. The ingredients are fresh and minimal but bursting with flavor! I live over 30 miles away and I have been 3 times in 3 weeks!
2	I really wanted to like you, but you spilled my boyfriend's soda and cleaned up your counter, but not my boyfriend's glass. And upon check in you told us to sit outside and have a drink as we waited and told us you'd remember to come and get us when our table was ready. But you forgot about us and marked us off as seated. So we waited an hour and had no food. Boo. Maybe this just wasn't meant to be.
5	Just as good a Pizzeria Bianco! But with the added bonus of not having to wait for hours and hours. Granted there may still be a wait here but you aren't fighting tourist for tables at this joint. It's more of a local fav! Fresh gourmet toppings and very good crust! Personally a big fan of the garden seating! There was a longer than normal wait for the food however, the server was very attentive and I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance as we had drinks in garden. I would not recommend this place for a quick meal but it's perfect if you bring friends and want to have time to relax and enjoy conversation!
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere8 ValueBetter than Bianco.  Compared to Bianco, Cibo has:Easier Parking.Shorter waits (often in the ballpark of 0 minutes).A cooler house (not in terms of temperature).Nicer service.The same food (maybe even better).Go Cibo!
5	amaze.ing.why are all the good pizza places in cenpho? whatevs. i had the spicy sausage pizza and oh my gosh, YUM!!!! my friend had the margherita- also yum. love the whole leaves of fresh basiland for the climax.....the nutella crepe with strawberries. OOOOOOH my gosh. i love you cibo.
5	my boyfriend and I actually prefer chibo over bianco and not just because we only have to wait half as long at chibo but because the pizza is just better! The crust is just the right combination of crunchy and soft. The sauce was amazing it was not as sweet as I ususally prefer but it really worked with the sausage. This was an amazing experience for us and will pass up bianco any day to eat at cibo!OH!! and thanks to the waitress for not being rude when I walked out after leaving $30.00 on a $30.87 bill oooops! I don't know how I managed that! I thought I had left $36.00! I'll use my debt/credit card from now on lol! She just caught us walking out to the car to let me know I hadn't left enough to cover my bill.
4	So I am beginnin to think that there is something better about restaurants in Phoenix.  Yeah, I'm a Scottsdale girl, I admit it, but I  tend to think Scottsdale is a pretty beige place a lot of the time.  Not a lot of character see?  And that is what some restaurants in Phoenix have  - character.  And I think that is one of the things I like about Cibo.  First off, it is in this weird little neighborhood in downtown Phoenix and a little hard to get to if you don't figure out the one way street thing and wind up going down a street the wrong way.  Not too good an idea.  Then there is the fact that ya kinda wonder if your car will be up on blocks when you come out because of the neighborhood.  But Cibo is in a little 1920s bungalow and absolutely charming.  Another great date place!  Shrubs with those little white Xmas lights in them all around the old brick patio, cool old trees outside and the inside is pretty vintage-y too (I made that word up).. I have never eaten inside as the weather has been so darn great everytime I have been there that the patio is where I have wound up.  Anyhoo, on to the food- I think it is great.  I was suggested that I have their white pizza and add red sauce and it was amazing.  Lotsa cheese, gooey, and you could tell that the crust was made there, not prepacked and frozen or something like that. Seriously, that is the only kind I have had there so far and I have been there about 4 x.  Pretty sad...I should try other stuff but once I find something good... 'nuf said.  Their salad with fresh figs was great too.  Add a glass (ok, a bottle) of red wine and you are set.  Oh, and I think that it is the owner who hangs by the door outside and helps with the seating, which btw I think is a great touch.  Whenever an owner cares enough to be there and watch out for the place and assist, I think that is always a good sign.  Obviously the kitchen is doing good without her being back there! :)Only one thing that I wish they would change/add:  different desserts?  I like Nutella but in everything?  There has gotta be something else you can do?  Buy?  Import? Just a thought....I just wish that they would move that little house up north so that I can actually enjoy the evening without worrying about the looonggg drive back to Scottsdale..but I guess that is my problem!
4	very good woodfired pizza! My wife, daughter, and I had the vegetariana (tomato sauce, mozz, mush. artichokes, roasted red peppers, and zuchini)  the quattro formaggi (fontina, parmigiano, and mozz) sans the gorgonzola and basil (too strong for the lil one's palate) and the Rustico (mozz, prozjoot, and arugula) respectively. light and chewy crust, fresh, high quality ingredients, overall spectacular pizza.  We are not from Phoenix, but visit often. We have heard of the mythical, never ending line that Bianco possesses, but I couldn't imagine the pizza being any better than this, maybe it's the selection they have, I don't know. My daughter savored the marscapone and nutella filled crepe that she got for making a happy plate! But it was much to small to satiate all  three of us without wanting to order 3 more, and at $5 a piece, we'll just stop at the store and get the ingredients. Overall really good dining experience, a little pricey but worth it.
4	Cibo never disappoints.  My guest and I decided to sit outside.  We had just missed the sprinkle of rain and felt safe under one of their umbrellas.  There was a hint of coolness in the air.  It was a great night.  Cibo's front yard/ patio is a charming spot.  Every time I eat at Cibo it has been on their patio.  I have yet to see the interior.  To start, we shared the House salad.  The greens were fresh, the cheese was awesome, and the dressing was excellent.  It served two people perfectly.  Next, we ordered the Veggie pizza.  It was delicious.  The crust is in between thin and doughy.  I like Cibo's crust, its the best of both worlds.  The veggies were fresh and the sauce was wonderful.  Our bill was around 20 bucks.  Cibo's delivers great quality for the price tag.
4	We went here last night for my friend`s birthday. First time here for me. I have to say, had a great experience! We had a party of 20 and they were very accommodating with a large group. We were outside, and with the heaters, I didn`t mind, actually was a great evening outside! I had the veggie pizza, was delicious! Very generous portions and I ended taking some home. Wine list was mostly Italian wines and good selections. I`m pretty sure I will be back here!
3	Pizza in my mouth hole! Okay I should probably start off with a classier intro, but let's get real and put some Cibo pizza in there all ready. Cibo was lucky enough to set the stage for Andrea K's birthday on Saturday night and I was lucky enough to attend for the first time. The restaurant is a converted house in central phoenix that looks very cozy and warm. I say 'looks' because I had to eat outside in the freezing cold dressed inappropriately. Come on Phoenix, I didn't move here for culture, I moved here for a promise of HEAT! Um, anyway, our group was too large to fit in any of the rooms inside, so we were seated in the front yard with space heaters sporadically placed around us. Our server was very friendly, and though he seemed to be serving the ENTIRE clientele of the restaurant, made his way over to us frequently.  The ladies who delivered the meals weren't terribly effusive, whispering what the order was and trying to set it down in front of whoever was closest, instead of the right person, so I ended up shouting out everything and directing the traffic.  But at the end of the night Cibo was VERY cool about the various methods of payments we utilized for the bill and with such a large group that is generous.I ordered the Smoked Salmon pizza with arugula and capers added. It was great, I ate almost the entire pizza myself. I did manage to take some home, and what I noticed the next day was that it was uber salty. I love salty food but this was way more than I remembered from the night before and off-putting.  I liked Cibo and I would go back there (in warmer weather) because I think the 'designer' pizzas are fairly reasonable in price and the ambiance is nice.
3	A swing and a miss.If you're gonna serve $15 pizzas and NOT serve bread, there is something clearly not okay (even CPK does it for crying out loud). Maybe it was the fact that there were 15 of us that our server was never around. Maybe it was because it was my birthday they decided to give attitude whenever we requested more drinks. Pizzas were sub-par from what I had expected, don't throw a couple slices of bell pepper and bits of zucchini and call it a vegetarian pizza. Plain cheese pizza was on the very-salty side. Drinks were not getting refilled and not once was I checked up on after food was served.Not cool, Cibo!  Not cool at all!
3	Went for lunch and still cant get over the fact that this pizza place does not serve pizza during lunch!! My sandwich Ai Formaggi (see pics) was good but it wasn't anything that wowed me, I wasn't craving it later, I didn't dream about it, in fact it's like it never even happened. I still cant help bit wonder how the pizza is though, but since they don't serve it during lunch I guess I'll never know.
5	Excellent pizza, great service, family environment in a beautiful setting.  That sounds like a tagline on a website, but it's legit.  The diavola and the salsiccia are my faves.  Just amazingly tasty, simple, pizza with quality ingredients made the right way in a brick oven.  Pizzeria Bianco might have em by an inch just based on pizza alone, but if you don't want to wait 2.5 hours for a pie, Cibo is the place to be, and almost as good.  And although Bianco has a 2.5 hour wait whereupon i generally drink wine for the duration(which might be part of the reason the pie is so good), the limoncello at Cibo generally floors me just as well in a quarter of the time..
4	Went for dinner before a Suns game on a Tuesday, got there at 5 and got right in, but the place filled up fast after us.  The atmosphere is awesome, a little brick house split into small rooms with a huge patio dining area.  The service was quality over all.  Very attentive at the beginning, forgot about us throughout the meal but showed up again at the check/dessert time.  We had the Burrata with proscuitto for an app., which was awesome, melt in your mouth, almost sweet cheese, and the proscuitto was like pork butter, lovely.  The pizzas were good but not what i expected when i hear thin crust.  The ingredients were definately quality but the crust was a little fluffy and chewy for my taste.  Bianco still tops the charts on pizza, but for the lack of wait, and quality of food, ambiance, and service i would definately recommend Cibo.  I plan on going back to try some more selections.
5	Some of the best pizza I have ever had. I had the arugala and walnut pizza and would eat it almost every week if I could. We went for my birthday and it was definitely a treat. We had a great bottle of wine, even tried the Limoncello - its a little strong for my taste, and the grand marnier crepe was a sweet ending. The atmosphere is warm, cozy, and inviting. What a wonderful place to eat!
5	I really enjoyed my first visit to Cibo.  I loved the location (as others have said, a converted house in downtown).  I have never had such good service...anywhere.  I drank a sip from my drink, it was refilled.  I was left alone to chat with my friend and no one hounded me to leave.  I really liked the pizza (I had the mushroom) and the house salad was delicous.  I normally am a ranch kind of girl and drown all my pizza and salad in it, but I did not miss it at all.  I scarfed up the bread, salad, and pizza without a second thought.  It lived up to the expectations set by all my friends that have eaten here before and raved.  So yummy!
5	Wow!!!!!!!! This is the best pizza on Earth (we went back and forth for a while between Bianco and Cibo and we finally decided on Cibo)if you like fresh ,simple ingredients and great crust instead of salty ,over topped ,greasy chain restaurant pizzas. We have been going for years and between our friends we tried everything on the menu. I  keep having the margherita and it is amazing.The sauce is just right,the fresh mozzarella is to die for, the the fresh basil leaves on top and the crust send me in culinary haven.The prices are good for the quality ingredients ,atmosphere and service.This is the pizza you dream off and can't wait to go back!!It is wonderful to see Phoenix developing its downtown area to satisfy some of our needs to  dine in more unique,quaint  and  urban settings.
5	Saturday night...10:00 pm...group of fourWarmly greeted and shown to our seats.  Loved the vintage house feel/set-up.  Food we ordered and totally enjoyed : caprese, pizza bianche rustica, and quattro formggii.Dolce = Nutella and Marscapone crepe...beyond heavenly!!!!!
5	Cibo is our favorite! The setting is elegant, yet casual enough for one to feel right at home. The quality of the ingredients makes the thought of eating pizza anywhere else unappealing. Whether you choose to sit inside or on the patio, you are in for a relaxing evening. I haven't been for lunch yet, although I plan on going this week. The price is what makes Cibo truly exceptional! My wife and I are completely satisfied sharing one $13 pizza, although we recommend going with friends to expand the variety.
4	I stooped in for a Friday lunch with my boss. Parking was a bit of a pain as usual. The only table available was in direct sunlight and it kept us squinting though our entire conversation. The lunch menu consists entirely of sandwiches and salads. I was in the mood for some hot food, this along with my love affair of cheese lead me to try the hot multi cheese sandwich. I did not know what to expect as on the menu it sounded like a grilled cheese sandwich.  My arrived on a plate with a small side of Cesar like salad.  The salad had a nice topping of shaved Parmesan, and the sandwich had a generous amount of micro greens in addition to the cheese. The micro greens gave the sandwich a nice bitterness to contrast the fattiness of the cheese. The crunch and slight char taste of the brick oven chibata style bread tied the entire thing together.My bosses meal came on a old chipped plate, as if the kitchen had run out of the nice contemporary plates. This was troublesome as it was against health code. His meal of a cold meat sandwich and fruit salads looked appetizing as well.  I look froward to returning at night to try their pizza again.
5	This place is quite nice. Pizza is great. Food is great. Staff was great. I love cibos and everytime I suggest this to someone, they love it too!
3	I'm rating this just for their crepes- nothing else, so take it for what it's worth.  Got their strawberry and nutella.  Just tasted ok, like everything else I've had before but with too much nutella, without the whipped cream which could have helped it (could have gotten it for an extra $2).I would go elsewhere for dessert.  Their food may be good.  Their waitresses seemed snooty but it seems like a nice, cozy place to go with a small group of friends for intimate conversations.
4	Everyone loves this spot!  It was packed on a Friday and I understand why.  A family run place with a warm home like ambiance.  Rustico Italiano...  I've tried the salsiccia pizza with a house salad and antipasto salad, shared with friends and it was perfect.  Washed everything down with a lemon cielo which is a great digestion catalyst and gives you a crisp buzz. Great Italian, and I grew up eatin italian.....
4	had a great time at Cibo last night. couldn't have asked for more, great company, great food..the only thing holding it back from 5 stars...was that some jackass was incapable of using a urinal correctly and pissed all over the floor. i know this isn't really the restaurants fault, they cannot have a 24/7 bathroom nanny to make sure its spotless for my liking, but it did distract from me really really liking everything there.
5	Cibo... surprisingly earning 5 stars from me.  This is overall a great place to EAT!The setting:  It is on the corner of the street on 5th ave near downtown Phoenix.  It is in a house, that's right, someone's house turned into a charming little restaurant where the front yard has tons of little tables weaved around trees and patio heaters in the winter.  They also have a beautiful set up with the lights hung from the trees that gives you that intimate feel as soon as the sun hides out for the night.  On weekends you'll get some live music, calm accoustic music from nothing but reguar joe's outside on a picnic table entertaining the old fashion way, with guitars and other instruments to soothe you into the delicious food that awaits.  Inside, as soon as you walk in you notice the Chef, through a small opening, a glimpse into where the magic happens.  He is there on weekends for sure.  And yes you want to eat there while he is present. The food:It was a busy friday night for us and it was FAST.  Not too fast, we did not feel rushed out of there.  The pizza's had that wood fire smell I grew up with, it reminded me of the pies this Italian man used to serve out of his van (which had a wood fire oven in it), when I was a child.  The best pizza in the world, somehow Cibo duplicated that taste and brought back some childhood memories just like Remy's ratatouille did for Igor. Don't miss the Buratta appertizer, big enough to share with 3 or 4 people at $14.  The cheese was simply bliss, if you love good fresh mozzarella you've had nothing yet, this buffalo moz is outstanding... creamy and perfectly balanced with grilled bread and prosciutto.  You will not be sorry.The Burschetta Trio is also a very nice size portion, it does come in six pieces for only $10.  That's a bargain.  If you have the buratta and then taste the mozzerella on the bruschetta you will find it bland and the mozerella will taste like a cheaper cheese  so eat the bruschetta first.  now to the "Pizze"...   Just triumphant.  Don't look any further this has what you need, just keep your order simple and you will not dissapointed.The Service: Folks there sound Italian, from the greetings to pronouncing things the correct way to us butcher the beautiful language.  Everything sounds and taste better when you know how it is meant to be pronouced.  They were friendly and efficient.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Italians know that if you want to sit there for a while while you eat... go for it.Don't miss:The burarta app and of course the pizzas.  Sit outside and enjoy the neighborhood feeling of dining in your front lawn.REMEMBER:  If you want to try some of the best Mozzerella you've ever tasted, call in advance to see if they have Burrata in that week... They can run out of this little piece of heaven...Cibo, you are a strong restaurant, a gem.  Keep up the good food and the tradition that flows in your menu.
3	Cibo...oh how I want to love you.The atmosphere is great.  A cozy little house in downtown phoenix.  Lots of red brick.  Wood fired pizza oven.  Vines and fountains.  A truly awesome and relaxing patio.  4 to 5 stars.The menu is wonderful.  Lots of variety.  Pricing is fair.  Interesting combinations are offered.  Thoughtful and well put together.  A solid 4 stars.The execution was fair at best.  The pizza was overcooked.  Burned on the bottom.  It was bland.  Our appetizers were not great.  2 Stars.EDITED - Note: I received a great email from Karen at Cibo regarding my review above.  She was VERY gracious and it was great to see such a personal touch and high level of customer service.  Thumbs up on the follow up on this. They obviously care greatly about there customers.  I think I will give em a 2nd chance...Thanks Karen.
4	GREAT place for lunch! Try the Caprese if you are in the mood for a cold sandwich and the Spec for a more warmed up approach. Cibo has an awesome patio so take advantage of it when the weather is nice in Phoenix and the quaint inside house in the summer.
4	So we finally decided to give Cibo another chance and I'm so glad we did!I love love love their patio. It's very cute and romantic especially with all the lights wrapped around the trees. The heaters keep you warm on a chilly night and it's much quieter than their indoor space. This place is a great date spot. We both had the Prosciutto Cruda pizza and had wanted to try the burrata, but unfortunately they'd been out of it for the last week so we ordered the bruschetta instead. Our waiter also recommended the Valpolicella Ripasso, which was ok, but it was a little light for our tastes. The pizza was really good (the fresh ingredients really come through), but we weren't the biggest fans of the crust. I like something more substantial and airy. But  for a thin crust pizza it wasn't soggy at all. A big plus! The bruschetta was also ok (don't get me wrong I still ate all of it and would order it again), but each bite just needs a little more of a punch. Service was great and we met Karen, the owner, before we left and she is a doll. We had a much better experience this time around and we will certainly be back.
2	As always the food and ambiance was like home.  Can't say the same for  our server.  Dude had to be high on some good ganja...  He was all smily and extremely forgetful and slooooow.  Don't know if Tom had a bad day or is new, but he really was lacking some energy.  C'mon when your eatin good italian food you want the passion that belongs with the Italian spirit I know the owners have.  No offense to Cibo at all,  just farmer Tom.See ya next time,  ehhhh ciao
4	Arrived here about 6pm tonight and it was already packed with 2 parties waiting ahead of us. Cute little historic home converted into a restaurant, tons of charm little space as is the norm in downtown suburbia. Main entrance..11 o'clock 3 two tops..bam right there not 5 ft from the door. 12 o'clock kitchen, 1 o'clock bar, 3 o'clock  two 2 tops lining the wall. We were offered one of the 11'oclock tables but there was no way. There is nothing I hate more than sitting on top of another table. They were so close even Nicole Ritchie couldnt squeeze between them. This space would be better served by 3 small high bar tables, allow for more traffic space and you're not forced to dine with strangers. Needless to say I would rather wait for a table that avoids the potential of being bumped and or drinks/food being spilled on me. We were seated in a side room and it was perfect, not too close to fellow diners yet still feeling a part of the energy. From the seating to departure was excellent. Service, was impeccable. Pizza's take a bit but they're made from scratch and worth waiting for. I ordered a white pizza (Salsiccia con Patate) and it was perfection.. My friend ordered a red pizza which I tried and you can taste the fresh tomatoes, no canned sauce here. Although extremely tasty Im still loyal to Spinatos on the red pizza. But white pizza they have my vote. Made sure I didnt gorge because I was dying to try their dessert. I am a HUGE fan of Nutella and they have 3 or 4 variations on Nutella crepes..I had the banana/nutella concoction with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and Im salivating being reminded of it. Nice call on the dessert Cibo, if not the white pizza I will return for the dessert. Either way I will be back.P.S. We let at 8pm and there had to be at least an hour wait. If you have somehwere to be on Saturday night and this is your first stop. I suggest you get there upon opening at 5pm to avoid any interruption in your plans.
5	CIIIIIBBBOOOOOOOOOOO I LOOOOVE YOU! I came here for the very first time this past Sat night with an out of town friend and my hubs!! and it was AMMMAZING! we arrived at around 7:30 and it was PACKED we would have had an 1.5 hour wait for a table!!! luckily though there were exactly three seats next to each other at the bar - which is also full service - meant to be!MATT MATT MAAAATTTTT - was our AWESOME waiter  - he was at the bar all night totally hanging out with us and tawking!!! it was just so fun!!! I had the roasted veggie app plate and it was packed with flavor and absolutely scrumptious (the carrots!!!) and then moved on to the veggie pizza - delicious!!! and ended up with the the nutella crepe!! (Um yeah I splurged... Karve anyone??)but the best BEST BEEEEST part of all was the (accidental) entertainment... the nervous cougar who checked out my bff ALL night long and even followed him to the bathroom..finally she built up the courage to come over and talk to him (this is after asking our waiter Matt if I was his girlfriend to make sure the coast was clear) anyway she was chatting him up all night completely oblivious to the fact that her targeted cub has errr... hot pink fur..... what a grrreeeeat night!!!!
5	Bungalow turned cozy, cool neighborhood restaurant with fantastic outdoor dining and intimate indoor spaces.  Pizza is amazing.
1	Unimpressed, been there once when it first opened and havent been back since. I have to say, after having experienced real Italian pizza made by real italians in Argentina,  any pizza establishment will have the unfortunate task of rising up to certain taste levels. Not only is the menu limited, the place seems overcrowded and service convoluted. My pizza (if u can call it pizza) seemed like cardboard pizza and with not enough cheese or sauce. My friend had a calzone that he ate with disgust and disappointment.
3	So here's a bit recap of our night at Cibo:Outdoor seating - 5 starI'm not gonna lie, the outdoor seating is so romantic and beautiful with the trees and lights around!Caprese Salad - 2.5 starNot a good experience, the mozzarella was not soft, can't taste the freshness at all...$10 for four big piece of white yet no flavored cheese,,such a mistake.the tomato tasted much better on the other hand...and hello, are you running out of olive oil? I can barely see a few drops on the bottom of the plate...Salsicca con Patate - 3 starPizza with mozzarella, sausage and roasted potatoes. It was surprisingly good for the first slice, the potatoes were soft, cheese was melting, and sausage was pretty tasty...but that's because I never had it before, starting my 2nd slice, I realized that no sauce pizza can mean tasteless, the flavor started losing...err, can I have some chili pepper?Fresca (crepe) - 5 star!!!!This would be my only reason to go back if I did..thin crepes with fresh kiwi, strawberries, peach, vanilla ice cream and whip cream! Yum!!! It was heaven for any crepe lover! Must try!! Service - 2 starThe place seemed to be very busy yet I only see one real waitress that was running around to take orders, the rest were just servers who don't talk to you....we spent so much time to wait for her to come, to bring us a menu, or just deliver the check....Wait - 4 starCompare to Bianco, the wait is short. We arrived around 7:30pm on a Saturday, the wait was only about 15min,,sweet! But the indoor seating was kinda squeezed in...So it comes to a 3.58 average..I had a much higher expectation when read the previous reviews, meh, I hate to admit, but I definitely love Bianco and LGO a lot more..
4	I'd definitely hit Cibo again but I'd try to avoid a busy night. You're going to be hard pressed to find one of those though. Cibo's location, menu and ambiance will keep the locals coming. We hit a busy night and the service was not the best. They were out of quite a few items, so it made ordering a bit difficult. They also had some issues with their order system, so I'm sure that added to our servers headache.That said, the food was tasty, the prices reasonable and the atmosphere is wonderful at Cibo. I'll be back.
4	We were lucky and hit Cibo on the night Phoenix was supposed to get a tornado. We were only one of 4 tables in the place, and the service was fantastic, But again, there was no excuse for it not to be. The pizza was some of the best I've had out of New York. I absolutely loved the crust. The salad was fresh and well dressed. The wine list was also really decent. I'll consider giving it a fifth star if when I go back, the service and quality hold up.
5	I've been fortunate enough to be coming to Cibo since the family did their own opening. Wonderful pizza, I always have to get the antipasto platter for those amazing balsamic onions. Great beer & wine selection.
4	Trying not to sound like a broken record here, but my wife and I have been here a couple times. The ambience is great, and on cool summer nights you cant beat it. Food is always great whether for lunch or dinner. The wait staff could use some help... during the day it seems to be better than during the evening, but may because of how busy they are.
5	Recent experiences have made me upgrade my review to 5 stars.  The food is consistently excellent, the bread is better than it was in the beginning, and the service is truly friendly and efficient.   AND, I just learned that they may be staying open all day and extending hours.   YAY!
4	First off, as a Craftsman bungalow turned restaurant, Cibo is adorable and full of character.  I especially like the patio - a pleasing combination of plants, trees, fire pit and twinkle lights.  Ahhh... atmosphere!My friends and I had no problem getting a great table at around 7pm on a Wednesday.  After enjoying a little Pinot Noir, we started off with the Schiacciata Romagnola appetizer (say that 10 times fast!).  It is a sort of flatbread, surrounding thick fresh mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, and greens.  Spectacular wood-fired goodness!  Although everything we had was great, this appetizer was for me the highlight.  Next, the pizzas:  Quattro Formaggi (a "white" pizza with fontina, parmigiano, pecorino, gorganzola, mozzarella) and Prosciutto Crudo (a "red" pizza with tomato sauce & mozzarella, topped with prosciutto after the pizza is cooked).  Both were excellent - thin (but not cracker-like) crust with just the right amounts of cheese (read:  a lot!).The portion sizes are quite large - two people could easily split a pizza and not leave hungry.  Since we did not have dessert on this visit (darn!), I need to go back soon, and try one of the crepes that looked SO very good.  I am a sucker for a good patio.  Pair that with good food and tasty wine and I am beyond happy.  Cibo, even though you are nowhere near where I live or work, I love you anyway.
5	This was quite a delight to find. Initially heard about it from Phoenix Mag and searched it out with a customer that has the patience for my foodie needs.The atmosphere outside was awesome! Lots of shade on the spacious patio.  The service was great and the food was awesome!We had a salad and a one of their amazing sandwiches.  My chicken salad was plentiful with toasted walnuts and great greens.  I loved the salad dressing and just the right amount of cheese.Make sure you search this one out for lunch or happy hour and dinner.
5	This is such a sweet little spot. I had a friend visiting from San Francisco and she, along with my husband and I, arrived on a Saturday evening just as the (previously mentioned) wedding party had departed. We were greeted by the super sweet propietor and his wife. We ordered a drink (wine and beer prices were really reasonable) and took in the early 1900's bungalow where the restaurant is housed. There was so much character here (and so few TVs!) I really felt like I was back in Oakland.We were seated quickly on their lovely patio. It was a gorgeous night and the ambiance was absolutely perfect. Our server admited to being a bit overwhelmed but still managed to give us prompt, humorous, and personable service.We had brushcetta and a salad for an appetizer. Both were good. For dinner we each ordered a pizza - margarita (excellent), capricciosa (good), and salsiccia con patate (excellent). My SF friend was not as impressed as I was, but I truly enjoyed the food and the overall experience. Will definitely be back. Oh! And we found it on Yelp!
5	Had dinner at Cibo this evening and sat at a duece in the bar area and had one of the best, low key, enjoyable dining experiences within recent memory. Just a very chill weeknight, excellent service, food and ambiance.Thanks!
5	After being told there was a six hour wait at the ever popular Pizzeria Bianco in downtown Phoenix where I was planning to celebrate my birthday with a few friends last week, I remembered another wonderful place and off we went.Cibo is in a converted 1940ish bungalow and has a yard full of beautiful trees woven with tiny lights. We got a table under a canopy of a few trees and shared four different pizzas that we chose by popular vote. I have to say that it was a hard decision since they all sounded pretty amazing. We agreed that the Diavolo was our favorite. And it didn't hurt that they had a nice wine list including Orvieto Classico which always reminds me of a favorite trip to Italy and a Salice Salintino that I always liked to share with a couple of my best friends back in my New York days. For dessert? Crepes of the Nutella and Suzette variety that we passed around.
5	Two words: Amazing crust. I went to Cibo tonight with a friend for dinner. Great service and great food! We shared the Salsiccia con Patate (sausage and potato) and the La Noce (red sauce, mozzarella, ricotta, arugula, and walnuts).... both were delicious! Wish we could have saved room for a nutella and banana crepe, but the pizza was just too good to stop. Can't wait to go back and try more!
5	After a phone reservation mishap with the Cibo folks I posted a not so stellar update to my review. The very next day, I received a personal and personable e-mail from someone who works there featuring an apology and an explanation of what had happened. WOW I'm impressed!!! this is not only a testament to Cibo for caring enough about their patrons and giving a whole new level of customer service, but also to Yelp for creating a true community that is not only among fellow yelpers, but among business owners and their customers...something that was completely unheard of just a couple of years back!! 5 starts to Cibo and 5 stars to yelp!
5	I cant say enough good things about Cibo. The food is always good, but most of all it is in an old house in the center of Phoenix. The atmosphere reminds me of being invited over to an Italian friends house for a home cooked meal....except for the 30 minute wait list and crowded interior and exterior seating areas, but that only tells you how great the experience is. I highly recommend Cibo.
5	Cibo, you are my favorite pizza place in the valley!  You never disappoint me on your pizzas and salad choices and you have quite the selection of fine Italian wine.I was there the other day, again, with a special someone and Cibo was the perfect place for the night.  The outdoor patio garden was so cute with the trees and other greenery, I forgot we were in the desert for that night.  The pizzas are phenomenal and they use the freshest ingredients.  I know your thinking well so does Pizzeria Bianco's and other places but Cibo has the perfect crust!  It's soft, chewy, burnt to the right crisp.  We ordered the caprese salad and the fungi pizza.  Two great choices you can't go wrong.  We also ordered the fresca for desert and it was delicious.  I couldn't stop picking at the kiwi, which was with other fresh fruits they used for this enormous dessert dish.Cibo gets all my 5 stars and more!
4	Yum, this place was great.  Went with a party of 5 on this past first friday's and only waiting about 10-15 minutes.  Not too bad at all!  Services was excellent.  I loved their wine list.  We each ordered a different pizza, so I was able to try 5 different kinds.  I like the quattro cheese one the most.  It was delicious.  I will definitely return once I've checked out some other pizza this town has to offer.  Two thumbs up!
5	Why am I updating my review?  Dessert!  It finally happened!I really enjoy introducing people to places they have never been, and I am happy to say Cibo recently gained two new fans of their charming outdoor patio and good food.The three of us arrived just before the 5pm opening to ensure we could secure a table on the patio and enjoy the gorgeous first evening of Spring outside.  Everything we tried was fantastic, and I had the opportunity to sample two new-to-me dishes, the burrata appetizer (I have no words to describe how special and good this mozzarella is, especially when combined with the salty prosciutto, and a drizzle of aged basalmic) and dessert!       After selecting a chianti and the burrata, we decided to share two pizzas among us - the margherita and the rustica.  Both were excellent, with that slightly doughy wood-fired crust I love so much.Ah, the dessert.  I think the trick to getting dessert with any meal is dining with guys.  There is no dainty "oh no, I just couldn't eat another bite" but rather "which one do you want?".  I like that.  We chose the Nutella and Marscapone cheese crepe, which was topped with a light dusting of powdered sugar and chocolate sauce.  So good, so worth waiting for - like hot chocolate, but on a plate.  Manners and politeness went out the door as our three forks fought for position.  I believe insults were thrown.  It is all fun and games until you get between me and some warm Nutella.  Back away slowly and you won't get hurt...  ;)
3	This place has a great atmosphere, and good location.  It is very comfortable place to be.  Has quick service, and is full of variety.I'll honestly have the say the food is good, but its not for everyone.  I tried several kinds, and only 1 or 2 I enjoyed, but I was not very thrilled about any of it.  I will say the sausage is good.
5	For those of us who live in Phoenix, it is not a surprise to find  out that  there is an ongoing Pizza war amongst pizza aficionados. Topping the list one has to mention, in no particular order; Grimandis, Humble Pie, Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco.From home made mozzarella , to organic sourdough and the most expensive state of the art lava and wood burning ovens, eating pizza  here in Phoenix is a serious thing.As a  full blooded Italian,, I have to say one thing; I do not like pizza.....I lOVE IT.And with the company of my wife, I have made an effort to try and flavor every pizza establishment in the valley.The results have been outstanding and the experiences  worth writing in my pizza diaries.But as in beauty and love (and pizza) I guess one has to deal with subjectivity. We all have different tastes and preferences,  so when it comes to choosing the best pizza, we try to stick with originality in flavor and  the consistency of its dough..  and while trying them all, I have found exquisite flavors and combinations, different dough textures created by each unique oven, and one particular pie that distinguishes itself from all of the others  because of its simplicity and originality.And in my eternal quest to find the most original pizza, that is the one that most closely resembles the true pizza........the one that originated in the 1830s in Napoli, baked in an oven built with lava rocks from mount Vesubio,  I have to mention two contenders; CIBO and Pizzeria Bianco.For 15 years, Pizzeria Bianco located at 623 E Adams  street in downtown Phoenix, has been a favorite amongst pizza aficionados for making pizzas that truly resemble  a pizzeria Napolitana.Owner, Chris Bianco , decided that the only way to create an authentic pizza, was to travel to the place of its origin, Napoli, and learn the art of pizza making.  His internship paid well and today when one eats at his pizzeria, there is no doubt that his pizzas are a very close duplicate of what one would get in Napoli.Not even a mile apart, one finds another jewel in the pizza arena; CIBO Pizzeria.  Cibo translate simply into" the food". If you are a true pizza aficionado, you must try this pizzeria in order to truly understand the art in the making of truly artisan pizza.Karen and Tony Martingiglio are the owners of this small and charming old house located at 603 5th ave in downtown Phoenix. It resembles a true Italian osteria.( an Italian eatery where local wines are flavored and where people come to have a great time with friends and eat home made dishes) Friendly, charming, and warm, Cibo  makes you feel at home eating with your mamma.Pizzas here are crafted by a true transplanted pizza maker from Napoli; artisan Guido Saccone.Pizza Margherita is probably an exact copy of what one would expect to eat in Napoli.  From the chewy lightly burned dough relieved with bubbling volcanoes,  to the simple earthy  tomato sauce and fresh basil, this pizza is heavenly.And if I was placed in the predicament of choosing my favorite, I  would undoubtedly pick Cibo; after all there is an authentic  artisan from Napoli crafting these wonderful pies.
5	I ate here in January while at a work-conference in downtown Phoenix.  The meal and overall experience was perfect.  CIBO feels like a home, and I think it actually is a converted home.   The staff is extremely nice, with a bit of hippie-quirky, which we enjoyed.  You could tell that they were passionate about food, fresh ingredients, and health.  The food was great (i had salad and a pizza), and the portion sizes were very large.  I would estimate 2 pizzas and 1 salad for 3 people next time.  I will definitely be back there whenever I'm in Phoenix.
4	Bummed about the long wait for dinner but understandable given the size of the place.  The pizza and Nutella crepes were worth the wait though. Looking forward to going back again soon.
4	Excellent server.Place is nice and relaxed, great outdoor seating area.Pizza was good. Wine selection was crappy.Staff and owner were very nice.Would go here over Bianca any time.
5	Always enjoy eating here.  The Chef makes a good pizza.  If you like the pizza in southern Italy, you will love the pizza here.
5	Saturday night (in March) - We hosted a private party in the carriage house around back for 60-65 people.Michael and the crew at Cibo are so accommodating and friendly.  We had wonderful service, food, and wine.  This is the perfect place for a private party.   :)
5	Honestly, this is the best pizza that I've had in Arizona.  I'm a sucker for wood-fired goodness and fresh mozzarella--Cibo does both to perfection.  Additionally, I've come to appreciate the character and charm possessed by this little gem in a sea of chains and strip malls.    The wine list is not overly extensive, just efficient and thorough like it should be.  The salad selection is full of variety and offers a bright way to begin their dining experience.  Be warned:  Cibo is pretty tiny, causing a wait on weekends.
5	Had a wonderful birthday dinner at CIBO last night. This was about the 3rd or 4th time visiting this quaint house turned restaurant, and now is the time to YELP. CIBO has wonderful appetizer of antipasti that played with my taste buds! Fun to make your own brushettas.... My husband and I shared the Rustica delightful, delicious, delectable.... And the creps...what can I say...I didn't need it, but I wanted it, so I had it, so there! Fresca creps with fruit, vanilla ice cream and fresh whip....Mmmm...food coma. Lovely service and birthday!
4	This place is awesome, great food and the patio is absolute charming. I went with a group and we ordered 7 different pizza's all of them were really good everything tasted fresh lots of different types of Italian meats and there wasn't one I didn't like. My favorite was the diaba it was had a spicy salami and was full of flavor. I'll"ll definitely be back here and just heads up they're closed on Sunday
4	Decided to make the rare drive out to downtown Phoenix to check out a highly recommended restaurant from my friends called Cibo. I am a self proclaimed pizza connesiuer/snob and this place hit my fancy right on the pallet. Started off with the 3 pairs of bruchetta, the bread was toasted perfectly and the toppings were plentiful. Followed that up with the Diavola; spicy salami pizza! Fantastic! Fresh mozzarella, simple red sauce topped with great tasting spicy salami and cooked perfectly in a wood fired brick oven. Unfortunatly I didn't have any room for the great selection of crepes which judging by the looks at the table next to mine looked out of this world. I only gave Cibo four stars cause unfortunatly our server was a space cadet. The server assistants were on the ball filling our waters cleaning up the dirty plates and delivering the food, but our waitress failed to notice our empty cocktails, make any return trips, and offer up any desserts. But all in all I would return. Keep up the good work CIBO!
5	Moderately-priced food with a beautiful outdoor brick-and-garden patio and simple dishes made with good quality, fresh ingredients. I had a proscuitto and mozzarella sandwich on some incredible homemade bread, similar to a ciabatta, of sorts. not really. Whatever - the point is, it's fresh and tastes amazing!One downside - the lunch menu is pretty limited with just sandwiches and salads.
5	Being the pizza connoisseurs that we are, we decided to try Cibo a few weeks ago after reading some pretty stellar reviews on Yelp. As you can tell by now from the sheer amount of 4 and 5 star reviews, this place has got it going on like Donkey Kong (sorry). In no particular order, here are some of my favorite things about Cibo: 1. It's right next door to Tammie Coe! We love us some red velvet cupcakes that Ms. Coe bakes up, so it's almost a little too perfect that two of our most favorite things in Phoenix are right across the street from each other!! 2. The pizza of course silly! Last time we tried three of their pizza's and they were all phenomenal. You could order cow dung and bird feathers on pizza and they would make it taste moist and delicious, that's how good they are! This pizza reminds me a lot of the pizza they serve at the almighty Pizzeria Bianco....and that's saying something. 3. Simon Crown! Who is Simon Crown you ask? Why, he's only the greatest keyboard player west of the Mississippi! Well, that might be a slight stretch, but he is a really cool black dude who plays catchy and happy melodies on weekends while you eat in the outdoor patio and wait to be seated. He even sells his CD there for $15, but he only accepts cash so make sure to bring some extra spending money next time you go to Cibo so you can support a unique local artist! 4. Great for people watching. Cibo was voted one of the best places to go on a first date in Phoenix, so you'll be sure to see lot's of awkwardness between couples of all ages. It could even turn into a fun game while you wait to be seated....like, who can be the first person to spot the couple on their first date? Well, even if none of the aforementioned reasons for visiting Cibo strikes your fancy, you've just got to bite the bullet and try this place already! I promise you won't go home disappointed (unless you're a real jerk).
4	cool setting. good pizza. good wine. good dessert and dessert drinks. service was good. definitely go.
5	When the moon hitsa your eye lika big pizza pia, that's a cibo" dont' doubt my sangin skills. Finally got a chance to check out Cibo tonight and man am I happy as a...well you get the rest.Took wife and kids out for dinner before first friday.  I got this great glass or red called Valpolicello, which was AWESOME!  Wifey had a glass of Rose' that was legit.  We decided to have the pesto salad, Di Notte Pizza and Prosciutto Crudo. The salad was pretty good. I didn't taste much pesto, but it was still good. The crust on the pizza was something magic, seriously dope. The Prosciuto crudo was just like when I lived in Italy. Simple, straight forward and dope. Di Notte on the other hand literally tasted like buttered popcorn. No seriously, if you try it watch and see..not my fave. Overall the pizza was awesome, I'm stoked to try some of the other pies. They were busy but we managed to get an inside table right away, score!  If your looking for a legitamus prime pizza spot in cen-pho, you've found it.
4	Yep, I really like this place! It's quite a quaint and small house, but they also have a pretty great patio in the front of the house with misters to keep you cool/alive in the PHX heat.  I have never experienced an anchovy pizza, and i finally had a chance to try a piece at Cibo.  Surprisingly, it was quite good! If you like salty things, you'll love the anchovy pizza.  One downside for me is that they have so few pizzas that offer meat as a topping.  I think there's only one on the menu! Other than that, though, the quality of the food is excellent and they have some very good wines to choose from. I recommend the Candoni Pinot Noir:) /Art
3	I finally made it down here with the family and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we were seated on a Friday night. Between four of us (2 adults and 2 children), we split a salad and two pizzas. The salad was the pesto dressing house salad which had mixed greens, shaved parmesan cheese, nuts, and lord if I can't remember the rest. It was very good though. It was too bland for my husband but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The pizza was Di Napoli and the Crudo. The white pizza was super greasy and too heavy for me. The crudo was good but be warned that the salami was very spicy. I had a glass of rose which was okay. I tried to get the Cioccolotini but they were out so we split a Limoncello instead. I loved the location and that it was a historic home. That adds such character.
5	2 Things - Either my appetizer grew or I'm just being a chunky monkey!?  I don't recall the last time I finish a pizza on my own - wow!  Look mom I cleaned my plate off!  Yes my friends I had my O face on.  Needless to say food is was awesome.  The ambience was great; it's literally a house with rooms as the dining area.  Love the hardwood floors classic!  One thing I notice was the artwork; I believe they are from local artists - plus fresh flowers on the table...nice touch.  The patio is like walking onto hollywood movie set - Xmas lights hanging from the trees.  Service was good - my server reminded me of that dude from the Devil's Reject - scary but cool dude.  Got a date? ... now you got a place to go :)
4	I went here for my 31st birthday through a recommendation from a friend.  I was happy I did, they accomodated my request of a party of 8, that went down to a party of 6 then 5.  We dined al fresco and it was a fabulous nite for it.  We shared 3 appetizers: pear salad, bruschetta and the caprese salad, we also went with a margharita, salsiccio, and did a half rustica and half di notte.  We all got to try a little bit of everything and was throroughly please with the quality of the ingredients and the deliciousness.  I really wanted to have the crepes but my friend surprized me with cupcakes that were were fabulous but I digress. This place is perfect for a variety of things, a date, a group of friends or a family dinner.  I definitely will be back to check out the crepes.
5	Since there's over 200 reviews before mine, I'll keep it short.Cibo is a cool place, with hip customers and an emphasis on quality.  The bruschetta appetizer is a winner.  See pic. Try to save room for the crepe desserts.
5	Cibo is hands down, my favorite gourmet sandwich place in town. You can't go wrong here...their caprese, spek and pulled pork sandwiches are among my faves (served with a nice, lightly dressed house salad or fresh fruit, yogurt and crunchy granola - skip the chips because they're just store bought in a bag), and if you are lucky enough to go on a day when they have their meatball sandwich special, don't even hesitate - it's so delicious.Also, consider having a private party at their adorable carriage house, it's separate from the main restaurant and used for parties of 10+. I went to lunch with 10 or so coworkers and we reserved it; the service was awesome and we had the place all to ourselves! My only small gripe with Cibo is their refusal to split checks; I just think it's really annoying when restaurants refuse to recognize the reality of modern dining that more often than not, people in a group are not going to all be paying as one. They're nice enough when you ask them to split it evenly between credit cards, though, so as I said, it's only a minor complaint.
5	Amazing wine list, fantastic pizzas with unusual toppings, and gnutella crepes for dessert.  It doesn't get any better.  Not to mention that the service is excellent and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming, something that you don't usually experience in a place as hip as Cibo.  I get nervous going out to trendy places because I'm scared of getting dirty looks from rich people, but this was not my experience at Cibo.  Just sitting on their patio is a relaxing experience, what with the lovely foliage, glass of wine, and beardy waiter.  I always want to go back when I've got the cash.  Great for a date or special event.
4	2010/07/08 - Had dinner at Cibo tonight with a friend and once again I am impressed with their service and food.  We started with some wine, the veggie plate which was much larger than expected (in a good way) and then the Genova pizza which is a white pizza with pesto, potatoes, onions, cheese and maybe a few others.  The wait staff was excellent too!  I look forward to my next trip to Cibo.
4	The first time I went to Cibo I fell in love with a the Margherita Pizza. The second time I went to Cibo I fell in love with the Pesto salad. The third time I knew it was true love.  I love that it's a walking distance from my apartment. I love that it's in a neighborhood, rather than on a busy main street or in a strip mall. I love (LOVE) that it's one of those restaurants in a house. If you've read some of my previous reviews you'll notice I have an obsession with restaurants in houses.I've always sat outside at Cibo, and though I've been there for both lunch and dinner, I've never had to wait long (or at all) to be seated. One of the times I was there with a friend, we got to listen to some live music provided by a gentleman with a keyboard. My friend and I both thought the music (a lot of R&B) didn't quite fit with the environment, though it was still enjoyable. I'm not sure if that is the "house one-man band" or not, but if it is, he must be doing something right, and I just didn't get it. As for the food, altogether, I've tried the Margherita pizza, and the Pesto and Caprese salads. I've eaten well every time. The portions are generous, and the prices are modest. My pizza was $10, and the salads were $8.00 and $11 respectively.So the food is amazing and well-priced, the service is prompt and consistent, the staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating. And did I mention it's in a house on a quiet neighborhood street? Everything about this restaurant beckons me to return, and return often.
4	I have been to Cibo a few times now and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good date spot, and ambiance.  It is located in downtown phoenix and the restaurant is a beautiful old house with a great patio.  My girlfriend and I got lucky and enjoyed live entertainment.The food is amazing.  I had the pizza and the burrata mozzarella.  Both were perfect.  The mozzarella was so soft and came with prosciutto and bread and was drizzled with balsamic vinegar.  I love the crust on the pizza... completely crucial.  Check it out.
5	The patio at Cibo is so perfect that I haven't wanted to try eating inside.  I thought the interior couldn't possibly measure up to the allure of the patio.  Well, I was wrong.  The inside may be a little noisier, but it's still charming and a great place to grab a bite.   Cibo is a one-stop restaurant that not only has great pizza, but also fantastic salads and desserts.   And cheap wine.  I'm partial to the margherita pizza with the fresh basil followed by a nutella and strawberry crepe.  That way, I can say I've had at least one serving of fruits and vegetables for the day.   Add a glass of wine for heart health and it's a healthy and delicious meal!
5	I just cant make up my mind which place I like more Parlor or Cibo's? I love them both but for different reasons. I can walk to Cibos and that's a plus. Parlor doesn't have a long wait and they have a lot more seating inside with lots of room. Both have great energy and the atmosphere is unique and very pleasant.  The service is Friendly and the owners are always there to meet and greet you,  very sweet couple. The food is amazing I love the salads and most of the pizzas. Cibo's has that intimate atmosphere when the weather is nice out. I like waiting outside by the fire pit  when its cold listening to the live band.  I also like the wine selection and drinking wine at Cibo's more than parlor probably because of atmosphere. Its a perfect place to take a date so you should check it out. They both are very delicious.JT
4	My girlfriend and I went to Cibo tonight for dinner.  We got the bruschetta, the Vegetariana pizza, and then the Fresca (crepe filled with fruit, and topped with more fruit) for desert.  Since we shared everything, the proportions, except for the dessert, were perfect.  The dessert was a little large, but very delicious.  The fruit especially tasted fresh.The pizza was good, though there were many spots the cheese didn't cover.  It was hardly a problem however, as the crust is extremely flavorful.  The vegetable toppings were cooked to perfection.The bruschetta was good, though I'm not too sure about the beans.  It's a personal preference, but it was just too many beans.  The tomato was very good.The inside and outside of the place is nice, though the neighborhood seems kind of sketchy.  The music inside the restaurant was...interesting.  Both of those can be dealt with though, as the food (and service!) is worth it.
4	Cibo is a lovely Italian Pizza & wine restaurant- a house converted into an intimate setting in downtown Phoenix.  It reminds me of many of the restaurants in Portland, Oregon.  The Patio has trees strung with lights and little tables that allow a little more quiet than inside to talk with your friends.  Inside is a bustling bar and tables with old wood flooring- a nice change from endless chains and commercial spaces.  The Pizza has fresh ingredients and the wines were affordable.  The whole experience was beautiful.  I highly recommend this for friends to bring dates or family- or just start out a night on the town.
5	The waits in Phoenix for premium restaurants are ridiculous.  Bianco is about a 3 hour wait, and while I'm not saying that it would have been wonderful, I was able to come to Cibo at around 5:30 and get in with my party of 4 no problem.  Walking in, your greeted by your host, right behind her, a bar, and then a glimpse of their coal burning pizza oven.  When I saw the pizza burning right next to the coal, I knew I was in the right place.  After a couple of cold Peroni's we ordered the buffalo mottzerlla with prosciutto and baguette.  It was wonderful.  The cheese is sourced from Italy, and I have to say it was the best I have ever had.  Stringy, soft, lightly salty goodness.  For our main courses, we shared the spicy pepperoni pie, while my in laws opted for a Greek pizza with artichoke hearts, feta, ham, and olives.  Both were good, but the pepperoni was a must have.  The crusts were really something special, with a nice crisp and a slight burn from the oven.  For dessert, we had some creaps.  Don't leave here with out having the nutella and bananna one, it was to die for and went really well with my last few sips of wine.  As we were leaving, there were about 5 couples waiting in the court yard.  I'd say to insure a seat, come down around 5:15 and you'll get in fo shiz.
5	A colleague took me here on a recent business trip, and on my next trip I will definitely be back. The thing that impressed me about  Cibo's is the food is all very fresh and very high quality. I don't know if they cure their own olives, but it wouldn't surprise me - it's that kind of place. You just can't go wrong on that menu. Portions are generous but not absurd and service was great; friendly, thoughtful - eager, even. The staff seemed proud of the place.The surroundings were very nice, too.  I may share the secret of Cibo's with my other colleagues when we visit Phoenix next month...if they're extra nice to me.
4	Great little place for lunch with friendly staff and lots of homemade goodies.  They've got these awesome sandwiches in homemade bread, kind of like fancy hot pockets or empanadas, but a bit bigger with nice ingredients like homemade meatballs.  They also have a really cute bunch of waitresses...:P.It was a bit loud, but more lively than disruptive...they also have espresso and a variety of sweet crepes with Nutela  for desert, which is really cool.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Oh Cibo, how I love thee...1) Pizza...fresh, light, flavorful perfection. 2) Crepe...is there a word that is BETTER than perfection? Heavenly? Orgasmic? Scrumpdiliolusciousness?? Well, call it whatever you want, because it was all that and more. There isn't alot of room there, it's a renovated historic house, but they make every bit of space work for them. Sorry for the short review, but I'll be sure to update this next time I go!
4	very good pizza, great crepes. We had the large sampler appetizer plate, and it was really good too.
5	If there is anything I know... It is pizza.  The pizza was probably 4 out of 5 stars... very light and airy crust, w/ that good brick oven taste.  However, it truly was a gourmet pizza experience.  With the beautiful historic home and the awesome outside seating surrounded by small shrubbery, a few trees strung w/ nice christmas lights, and the sound of flowing water... I was truly relaxed, and felt this was an awesome place to take a first date!  Casual, yet nice, and not too expensive.  The complete experience, makes it 5 stars definitely!  And the staff was amazingly nice, and courteous.
5	I've waited too long to write this review.Go here.  Now.  If you're reading this you should go there.  Seriously.  Take the day off early to make sure you don't have to wait.Pizza is great, fresh and authentic.  We had also a deli meat/cheese plate and holy crap was that good.  My friend and I could have got another one of those if our wives would have let us.  It reminded us both of our trip to Italy and the quality meats there.The ambiance is awesome here, but small.  It is an old house but they also have outdoor seating which I bet would be nice on cool evening.  Seriously, this place is great.  Sad I didn't know about it sooner.Oh, and the crepes...yum.
5	You've made 2 lifetime fans...my boyfriend and I went here last night and the reviews are all spot on!  Loved the atmosphere, food, service and cannot wait to go back.  We actually shared a few things so we could try more on the menu, the meatball sandwich was to die for!  Of course we made room for dessert-actually 2 ;) and couldn't finish them but wish we had.  Thanks for a great night Cibo!  Can't wait to go back.  :D
5	Loved the Margherita Pizza. Simple yet so delicious.  Crazy thing though...my favorite thing there was the Bruschetta.  Had the "3-way."  Oh, the freshness of those tomatoes!   Unbelievable. Lots of basil. So good.  The bean brushcetta came in 2nd.We didn't really save room for dessert but shared some strawberry crepes anyway-or at least tried to.   The kids went in for the kill and it was gone in about 2.5 seconds.  Have to say though, I enjoyed my one bite thoroughly.
5	DELICIOUS! Amazing service; I felt welcomed from the moment I walked in the door. Excellent Pinot Noir paired with my meal. Restrooms are a little tricky, right by the kitchen, got bumped by fellow patrons and staff; none the less did not detract from my experience!
5	Better than Pizzeria Bianco...NUF SAID!!! Seriously, this is one of my favorite places to dine in the valley, phoenix, arizona, um...anywhere for that matter. I've had some of the best pizza there is, from new york to chicago, italy and back. Cibo is my favorite. The service is always spot-on. The wine list smart, the appetizers tasty, salads luscious, deserts to die for, the location is adorable and of course the pizza is perfect! This place has palpable charm and the ambiance whether its quiet or busy is somehow always what you hoped for. Just writing this is making me change my plans for dinner tonight!
5	I've always been one to say, "Pass!" to pizza. But since it was my birthday, my friend took me here for dinner...and when someone offers to take you out for your birthday, who says, "hell no, I'm not eating that!"  So I went.Let me start with the ambiance of the place. The restaurant is actually a house, it looked very homey. We opted to sit outside in front because it was late evening and we saw they had misters...plus, the decorations outside looked so romantic and sweet. Definitely a good choice for a first date! Or ...the 100th date. Now on to the food.  He ordered for us but I got to choose the dessert, and yes, I asked for it to come out FIRST.  It was a crepe filled with vanilla ice cream and topped with whipped cream and fresh fruit.  At first I said, "damn, $12 for a crepe?" Man, that was amazing.  And well worth more than $12.We got two pizzas, they were about 8 inches around and it can probably feed a party of 2 (but since we had a huge crepe before, we had to take some pizza togo). My pizza had prosciutto topped with fresh, organic arugula. The crust was thin and very tasteful. I couldn't get enough of it. His pizza had salami, mushrooms, and mozzarella cheese. Also quite delectable.  Our waiter was very nice, he knew we were talkers so he left us alone to do so. After we were done eating, we wanted to get some coffee but it was 10:30pm on a Sunday night and no one was opened.  Again, our waiter came to the rescue and told us about a local coffee house down the street, about 5 minutes away.  We went there and it was amazing too!....but that's a different review.  :)To say that I recommend Cibo would not express how I really feel about my experience there.  Let's just say, since that day, I've had dreams about my prosciutto topped with arugula pizza EVERY NIGHT!
4	Really great pizza without the hype.  Do it.
5	This is one of our favorite places to go. In fact my fiance and I are actually going to get married there this year!The service is great. People are nice / pleasant people. The ambiance of both inside and outside is excellent & so is the food. At night Cibo serves pizza (and gnocchi pasta on most Tuesday nights, call first though to ask).  On weekdays they are open for lunch and serve amazing sandwiches, the bread is based off the pizza dough. But no pizza during the day.We love the pizza! Our favorite is the sausage / "Salsiccia". The sausage itself is exceptional. It's a thinner pizza, but not a hard crispy bottom. The sauce is not one of those over-spiced sauces, it is mellow and very fresh. They have an excellent wine selection. My favorite right now is the Barbera (spelling?) that they carry.  Just like most places, if you are there with a few people, it's a better deal to just get a bottle.Favorite salad, the Pear Salad.  Spinach leaves, light balsamic dressing, pears and pecorino cheese (kind of like a hard parmesan cheese). It's so good!  Also anitpasto plate is also great, but getting two appetizers might be much here.They serve crepes for desert. If you have room, go for it. If you like desert crepes, and who doesn't, you won't be disappointed. The nutella / banana is our fav.Excellent place to bring  a date.
4	So much better than Pizzaria Bianco! The food is excellent, as is the service and price. My hubby and I always go when we have friends or family in from out of town. Don't leave without trying the bruschetta. The pizza is flavorful and interesting. Once we were there and there was an awful guitarist which was really unpleasant. Other than that, excellent!
5	Cibo is great.  I've been there a ton of times and it's really cozy and I'm never disappointed in what I've ordered.  The last time I went we shared a salad and margharita pizza.  It's a great place for a nice date and love that there's a patio.
5	Cibo! Cibo! Cibo!  I love you and your cute old farm house, your amazing pizza, affordable wine, awesome crepe desserts, and fabulous staff!I want to live in the apartment above the restaurant!! Go to Cibo for awesome food, charming atmosphere, and a great time for a girls night or on a date.  Cibo has quickly become my favorite place in Phoenix! *They're closed on Sundays...found this out the hard way.
5	Outstanding. I'm not typically a salad kind of guy but this place is great. Love the atmosphere, love the food (more than just salads... also pizza, sandwiches, and delicious desserts).
5	I love this place and I can only hope it doesn't become the next Postino.  (AKA overly trendy and always on top on Yelp.)We went here for a first "couples" date and the pizza was to die for.  I have never had sauce this good.  And, upon my first bite, my first thought was, "It can't actually taste that good..."  I looked to DH for confirmation and, indeed, it is that good.We had to wait quite a while for a table (there were 4 of us on a Saturday night), but it was completely worth it.  We ordered three pizzas and that was plenty for four people.Had an amazing time and can't wait to go back... thanks Cibo!
4	My sister has ranted about Cibo for weeks now, and how much she LOVES it. So needless to say I was excited to find out that one of our friends was having a group birthday dinner here this weekend. The decor of Cibo is so cute and charming. The lights outside on the trees are a good addition to outside lighting. The environment is good for a date night, wine night with girlfriends, or family dinner. Since this was a large birthday dinner we were seated outside. When we first arrived there were no seats available for my sister and I. While they figured out how to add a few extra seats we decided to go inside to order a drink from the bar. While standing at the bar our waitress from outside came up to us (who we had not even seen yet) and "barked" at us that we can order drinks from outside. She then very RUDELY asked what can she get us. We order our drinks and my sister proceeded to ask her is we can start a tab, she again barked at us and said NO they don't do tabs. I could not believe how rude she was being. My sister casually said "ok I will pay cash, I feel like I am starting to annoy you" Her response was "ok thanks"!!!! I was appalled!! Once we got seated outside the waitress' rude behavior continued. She just kept barking things at the guests, such as "are you ready to order?" in the rudest tone of voice! It was not just us, I witness her rudeness towards other guests at the table. My boyfriend ordered a beer and she brought the wrong one out. I corrected her and she says "oh we were out of that one, but this beer is pretty much the same thing". I am sorry but when is it EVER acceptable to do this. The correct thing would to come back tell the guest and recommend the similar beer or ask if there is anything else they would like. Through out the time she continue to reach over guests without saying excuse me. I witnessed her spilling water on a guest without apologizing. I realize we were a larger party but if you cannot handle it ask for help or trade tables with someone. I am sorry you got the largest table in the place and made a hefty tip (not from me however) The ONLY reason I rated Cibo a 4 instead of a 2 was because their food really was fantastic and my sister promises that she has never received anything less than great service from the waiters. Recommendation to Cibo, fire your bitchy server I have NEVER received worse service in my life!! Being so rude to your guests is not good for your business!
5	Cibo deserves five stars for providing the restaurant trifecta - character-filled ambiance, excellent service and delectable cuisine. With so many reviews, I find it hard to bring anything else to the table with mine, but Cibo is so adorable I had to write a review anyway. I visited Cibo for dinner and fell like I was swept away to an adorable village in Naples. It was dark when we arrived and upon seeing the outdoor lights sparking on the courtyard patio, I immediately felt welcomed with open arms. When walking inside, the house was singing with visitors and staff alike. It felt like a home rather than a restaurant and what a good feeling that was. Although still a bit on the warm side, we sat outside underneath a grandfather tree and between the patio decor, glistening lights and secret garden-like atmosphere, it was already a positive experience without even tasting the food. The other visitors eating outside were regulars and immediately greeted us and began offering their suggestions when they realized they were talking to first timers. During the course of the dinner we started with Bresola and wine and contemplated about the pizza. But the regulars insisted that all first timers needed to try the Genova so we went with it and they were more than right. The Genova has mozzarella, homemade basil pesto, roasted potatoes white onions and grated Parmesan. All I can say is Grazia to the regulars because they know how to point newbies in the right direction! Prior to visiting, I was told that Cibo beats most other pizza restaurants in Phoenix and all it took was one taste to agree. I'm adding this to resident and visitor must lists alike because I'm deeming Cibo a staple Phoenix restaurant for anyone who enters our desert oasis!
5	In my mind, there is NO better pizza place in the Valley.From the unique atmosphere, to the awesome servers, to the food that makes you moan in a "sweet-mother-of-pearl-this-is-insane" way, Cibo's is a MUST.And this rarely happens to me, but I CRAVE Cibo's on a weekly basis. The pizza was to DIE for, but the prosciutto-mozzarella sandwich was by far the BEST thing I've eaten in years. I love you, Cibo!
4	Love their sweet white wine I order all the time with the vegetarian. Oh soooo good. Cute atmosphere, service isn't bad and the price is well worth it.
5	When I choose a restaurant, essentially I am asking for good service as well as a great meal. At Cibo, it was a terrific experience from the moment we entired the old Craftsmen home that served us great Napoli Italian food! Our server, Matt appeared immediately gleaming in his RUN-DMC t-shirt and I was ready to rap myself in great food from the beginning. The mozarella appetizer was delightful as was the antipasto. My mushroom pizza was thin crusted and delicious, and our guests from North Carolina were impressed. Thanks for a great experience.
4	Might have found my fave resto in Phx. Cibo hearkens to the good life, often attempted but rarely found.With its exceptional ambiance, Cibo belongs more in Sonoma than Phx... rustic charm w/an incredible eye for detail - menu, staff, and venue all with great character. The entire restaurant has an intimate, homey feel - from its candle-lit outdoor garden seating, to its wooden porch entrance, cozy seating inside.Visited to sample their handmade pastas (Tuesdays), gnocchi caprese-style with cherry tomatoes, fresh mozarella. Was impressed by their extensive, reasonable wine list with unexpected finds.Would return for their foodie pizzas, enjoy a glass of vino alfresco, and savor Cibo.
5	I am so happy I got to try this place. I must have been living under a rock because I had never really heard of Cibo much before, but wow. I cannot wait to go back now!The atmosphere is just perfect. Our part actually sat outside, which the patio is just beautiful on a AZ October night. I didn't even feel like I was sitting in Phoenix. The restaurant is in a cute historic house and the patio is filled with older trees and plenty of plant life. There was even a cute little white cat running around. I felt like I was sitting in someone's grandma's garden. Someone's grandma who makes kick as freaking food.For dinner, my party of three of us split the 3 Pair Bruschetta. The waiter made it sound like it was going to be small, but it's not. These are three GOOD sized pieces of bruschetta topped with a ton of toppings. I really enjoyed the Prosciutto one. Melt in your mouth good. Then we split the De Notte pizza. It was a white pizza with spicy salami, mozzarella and tomatoes. The top of the pizza was burnt just enough to give it that perfect flavor. I don't remember the last time, if ever I had a pizza THAT good. I was a little disappointed we didn't get to try a red pizza, but we were plenty full from the appetizer and main entree. Not too full to split a nutella crepe topped with vanilla ice cream..oh yeah baby, can't go wrong with a little nutella in your mouth. That's what she said.Service was great. Our waiter was quick, despite how busy the place was. He was very friendly and very helpful, except for telling us the brushetta was small not that I'm complaining :). And I think the price was very right. I couldn't believe how inexpensive dinner was for 3 people and all the food plus drinks we had. Very reasonable. I plan on taking the husband there soon!
5	I cant believe I haven't reviewed this place! I've been going here since they opened! The food is always amazing! It is always packed so be prepared to wait. They do take reservations for 6 or more, but that doesn't mean you'll get seated right away. We went here this past Saturday in honor of the day of my birth. We had 7 with us and had reservations for 630, which I thought we would beat the crowd, but was mistaken. We had to wait for our table for a good 20 minutes, but all good things are worth a wait. A smooth ass piano player was in the courtyard belting out old classics from Sinatra to the Commodores! Loved him! Our waiter was good but you could tell he had more tables then he could manage. The food was amazing as per usual. LOVE the pizza and salads here! My favorite pizza is the Cappriccosa. I have a hard time picking a salad there because I want them all. My top go to's are the Omera or the pear salad, so tasty! And ALWAYS save room for dessert, the Fresca crepe is my all time favorite!
5	Went for lunch by myself when I was serving as a juror at the Municpal Court.  I loved it.  The service was great.  The food was outstanding.  The price was good.  The old house had a wonderful feeling.  I will return again for sure!  I had an eggplant parm sandwhich with a salad and highly recommend both!
3	Let me just say that I love the atmosphere here, the outside tables, the twinkle-lights, the guy playing requests on keyboard. I spent a good long night here a couple weeks ago and had a great time. I enjoyed the pizza and the beer. There were a couple problems though. Never got offered a glass for my beer, service was slow like Monday mornings...But I do love the neighborhood...so much so I decided to move down there :)
5	One of the best places in Phoenix, situated in the old historic district.  Cibo has great wines, great appetizer's too.  I recommend one of my favorite pizza's that is prepared just like you would have in Italy, the pizza con proscuitto crudo.
5	Holy mother of pizza. When I travelled to Phoenix on business and asked the Phoenix yelpers where to go, I was a little surprised so many people said Cibo. I was even more surprised when I saw how many reviews it had. Well, Phoenix, I understand now. I have seen the light. You have converted me to Ciboism.It's. Phenomenal.The location is in a neighborhood and it's obviously a converted house where the outdoor seating is actually on the front lawn with some nice lights in the trees. Very cool to sit outside on a cool night in Phoenix and enjoy great company and delicious food!When I was looking at the menu I was so excited to see so many options for Pizza Biancha (white pizza!). I can't eat tomatoes so it was like a kid in a candy store for me. Once I saw the Di Notte I knew it had to be mine. A huge portion, wood fired pizza with fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola and mozzarella cheeses along with spicy salami. It was to die for. I enjoyed it at the table AND I enjoyed the leftovers. My co-workers even stole a slice each and couldn't stop ooo'ing and aah'ing over it.One of my co-workers got a meatball sub which he swore up and down was as good as his authentic-from-Italy grandmother's. He said it might be sacriledge to say it, but it was true. My other co-worker had a half vegetarian and half ham and she said the whole thing was delicious.For dessert, even though we were full, we couldn't pass up the opportunity to try the Nutella & Marscapone crepe. It was a warm crepe filled with nutella and marscapone cheese, covered in powdered sugar and drizzled with chocolate sauce, with a dollop of ice cream. It was sinfully delicious.I completely agree that this might be the best pizza I've ever had!! Thank you Phoenix, and thank you Cibo!!
4	Went last night and had the following:Apps:Mixed Vegetables - really good, loved the pickled carrots!Schiacciata Maremma - DELICIOUS!  Basically a toasty focaccia bread with mozz and veggies in the middle.  Prob my favorite part of the meal.Pizza:Vegetariana (red pizza) - good, but really felt like they skimped on the veggies.  Next time i'll ask for extra or just order the Margherita.Genova - white pizza w/ mozz, pesto, potatoes, onions, and parmesan.  This was a different pizza than I've ever had before but it was very tasty and flavorful.Dessert (this is where Cibo really won me over):Nutella and Banana crepe - kind of hard to mess this up, but they executed perfectly: no skimping on the nutella or bananas and the crepe was the ideal texture, thin and moist but without falling apartFresca crepe - packed with fresh fruit, ice cream, and whipped cream: yummy!!Also, the beers were yummy, our server was friendly, and we got there at 5:30 so our large party got seated immediately.  Probs have to visit a couple more times and try the Margherita before I jump to 5 stars, but this place is pretty awesome.
5	Pizza could not be better!!! Even though we had to squeeze into the two back corner seats at the bar, I fell in love with this place with my first bite of the bruschetta. The bread was so amazingly soft with the crispy edge, no roof of my mouth scratches. I really wanted to ask for a loaf to go. Luckily the couple next to us got their pizza before we ordered because we almost ordered two. I've only been here once. This was our starting point before checking out a show at the previously named Dodge Theater. Tried some potato, arugula, and sausage pizza. It was incredible. The crust had just enough fire burn crustiness to it. The ingredients were super fresh, I wanted more more more, although, my tummy said STOP the maddness silly girl! Can't wait to go again, it got pretty busy, i think we got there just in time cause there isn't a whole lot of seating, and seems to be pretty happening. Actually, my BF was at a trade show in Worcester, MA, one of the guys in a booth next to him, said "Wait, you're from AZ?...Have you tried Cibo? I go there every time I'm in the valley!" We had to try it, thank you.
5	After eating about the city for about a year and a half, I can't find a restaurant more divine than Cibo.  The setting is key.  Carved into an old house, Cibo offers a stellar patio from October to March where giant trees studded with lights and providing a seductive canopy create a romantic or intimate setting (depending on who you are dining with).  Inside small two or four seat tables nestled into every nook and cranny of the adorable former house provide the same feeling as the outside but with a few dashes of warmth and cozy.Now comes the food.  I feel in love with prosciutto at Cibo.  I rediscovered why I loved pepperoni here.  I remember each time I come just how perfect pizza can be.  I have had about 7 different pizzas here.  The one with arugula on top is delicious.  The one with just cheese (4 delectable kinds) and spicy salami is delicious.  The one with walnuts is delicious.  I could go on and on.Perfect for a date. Perfect for an out of towner.  Perfect for a birthday.  Perfect for any occasion.
5	Really enjoyed this place. Prices were very fair and food was great. I heard about this cat that hangs around there, and as soon as we got there she greeted us. As we walked through the entrance, not sure of where to go, it was almost as if the cat was leading the way. We sat on the patio which was really nice. Mozzarella (that's what they call the cat) came and sat on my girlfriends daughter's lap. We hadn't ordered yet so it was ok. Then the cat left to the grass and allowed us to enjoy our meal.
3	I've eaten here a few times and I can't get what all the hype is about. I reaaaally want to be on board this band wagon but I just can't find the flavor in the pizza.  I do like the location though and the servers are always awesome.  Great atmosphere, cool vibe, good people...not my favorite pizza. I'll chance the 50/50 of Grazie's in Old Town in getting my order right every other time if I want the perfect pizza, but I'll still keep trying Cibo.
4	Great little pizza joint. We sat outdoors at night and it was a nice experience. Pizza was very good along with small appetizer platter which actually was quite large. The server was friendly and very knowledgeable. He suggested good recommendations and was not too intrusive throughout the meal. The lace looked like it is a restaurant converted from an old house and was in the middle of a residential neighborhood. But I think that added to the charm.
5	Cibo is literally my favorite restaurant in Arizona!  This quaint, completely wonderful restaurant is an incredible experience.  Love the outdoor patio with the twinkle lights and the food is to die for!  The best pizza I've ever had!  My fav is the Salsiccia con Patate made with mozzarella, sausage and potato!  Their margarita pizza, Antipasto speciale and even the Nutella and banana crepe dessert are also delish!  I would reccomend this restaurant to anyone!
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Cibo is a very charming and cozy house turned restaurant, and they offer plenty of seating with their large front patio as well as ample seating inside.  My family and I decided on 2 salads and 4 pizzas to share.   All the pizzas were delightful but I wasn't really blown away.  The service was great except for the rude brunette hostess who barked at me when I mentioned we had a reservation.  It's ok though, I understand that Saturday nights can be stressful, but just keep your cool, lady.
5	Really liked the pizza! Would recommend! Sit outside if possible.
4	Went Friday around 7:00. 5-10 minute wait. Good hefeweizen. Great Antipasto salad. Pizza was good, the small burnt parts were nice actually. The best was the Fresca desert - a crepe, stuffed with vanilla ice cream and fresh fruit, then topped with more fresh fruit and whipped cream. Wow.
4	Love the ambiance.  Good for groups or casual dates. The salads and sandwiches are okay, the pizza is good.  (Although I will say that it does not hold up well for leftovers, it tends to get really mushy).  I really like the cheese plate and it has a good selection of beers.  Plus they have a homemade Limencello that is perfect for a digestif.  The dessert crepes are really good and perfect for sharing.  For really big groups you can ask for the carriage house.  Instead of waiting for Pizzeria Bianco this is a quick compromise.  Can't say it's as good, but when the pizza is piping hot, it can make a gal pretty happy!
4	The day we went there, we dint find any pizzas on their menu. We were kinda puzzled - isn't a pizzeria supposed to serve pizza? We're mostly vegetarians, so we ordered their caprese and vegetarian sandwich hot. was so good. will definitely go back!
4	Cibo has not only great food but wonderful ambiance inside and out- They serve clean and healthy food that is always tasty (mmm pizza)! It is located downtown in an old house that's been converted into the restaurant which gives it that old charm and private feel as you dine.   Stop by for lunch or dinner and sit on the patio for a lovely dining experience sure to please any palate. Great for date night too :)
5	The staff was just as wonderful as the food!We had to wait a bit for a table on a Saturday night, but it was worth it!
5	Fantastic pizza, romantic atmosphere, good wine selection. If you need a romantic place for date night or dinner with friends cibo is always a good choice. Their meatball sandwich at lunch is awesome too!
3	Were in the neighborhood one weeknight and popped in for a 'snack'  For a Wed night this place was jammin'! We didn't feel like waiting for a table so we got lucky and squeezed ourselves into the bar to grab a pie.  Our server/bartender was very sweet.  We got a sausage  pizza and it was decent.  It has a thin crust (which we loove) but it just seems to lack in flavor a little bit.  The crust is a little soggy towards the middle.  I still prefer Pomo's pizza, but for the downtown hipster atmosphere and people watching, this is a fun place to sit down and throw back a few glasses of wine.  Old, but charming :)
3	This coming from a born and bred Chicagoan.You're not going to find much better than this in Phoenix but that doesn't mean this place is amazing.I give 2.5 stars to the waitress alone. She was friendly and helpful, brought us out a 2nd pizza after she realized we really, really, didn't like our first, and was all around cheery.If the hot salame pizza had more sauce, I'd return. But...unless I go here for work lunch and someone else pays, I doubt I'll go back.
4	My bf went to CIBO after hearing about it from one of our Phoenix-Native friends. We LOVED it! I read the reviews about it before we went to I was super excited to go. We went for an early dinner arriving at 545pm and it was already pretty full. After sitting for a bit we noticed a bunch of ppl sitting outside waiting for a table. This place gets packed! We sat outside to the left beside the big tree with white lights- super nice! Underneath a heat lamp (my fav). The reviews are true, it was super yum! The only thing that was not the best was the service. Our waitress was a little out of it - she started off weird but after we order a bottle of wine and apps she warmed up. We started with a bottle of Scarpetta Pinot Grigio, Trentino Italy. The wine menu online is different. It was $30 and tasted good. We started with the Burrata - fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crucio and toasted bread ($14) I loveddddd the mozzarella - talk about quality mozzarella! I didn't eat the prosciutto b/c im a vegetarian but my bf said it was tasty! There are 2 balls of mozzarella and they are big! We got another order of bread - warmed not toasted which tasted even better than the toasted. The waitress was very eager to bring us more bread and she warmed up and was helpful at this point. We both wanted pizza and salad so we decided to share Omero Salad ($12 - organic mixed greens topped w/imported goat cheese, cucumbers, onions, caramelized walnuts and sliced strawberries, tossed with balsamic vinaigrette. We got the dressing on the side which was a good idea b/c it was strong! It was a really really good salad  - moderate size nothing huge but nothing small. For the pizza we got La Noce off the PIzze Rosse (they have half Rosse pizza, with tomato sauce, and half Pizze Biache without tomato sauce). SUPER yummy and a big size! It had tomato sauce, mozzarella and ricotta, topped with arugula and walnuts after pizza is cooked. I loved it! I wanted to order the Fresca Crepe since most of the tables around us had it and I read it was amazing but I literally could not take another bite! Which is off got me b/c i love food heheheDef will come back and def try the Fresca dessert!!!
4	If you can, get a group of friends together and make a reservation early!  They only take them for groups, but unless you want to wait 1+ hours, it's required on busy nights.  Nice setting, especially nice outside.  Ordered 7 pizzas for a group of 8, but that had some children.  All were good to great.  I think the simple pizza margherita was the best, and a great value at only $10.  When I come back, I think I'll be tempted just to order 2 of these and a salad for my family of two adults and two children.  Just a nice setting, cool older building, busy hip crowd, and great pizza that comes super hot and fresh out of the oven. Only reason I am giving this a 4 star is that our service was slow.  I didn't mind too much since it was so busy and I was with great people, but it took about 20 minutes from when I asked for the check to when I was able to sign and walk away, despite me putting the credit card down immediately.  The server just had other priorities.  In fact, they had the table cleared and were literally seating other people at the table before we had the check back.  So a bit of a slip up.  Still, they were very friendly, and it was a great meal.  I recommend this highly as a  date spot or even a family spot.  Loud and so very easy to just focus on your table.
5	Cibo has fantastic wood fired pizzas, sandwiches and a to die for antipasto platter (love their desserts, too).  The setting is perfect...it reminds me of many, many restaurants in cities like Portland, OR...it is in an old converted house in one of the historic districts.  This is a great place for outside seating.  They have tables set up in the yard and the trees are all brightly lit with wrapped lights (think little white XMas lights).  The only downside for Cibo (and I can't begrudge them this) is that it is frequently really crowded, particularly on weekends.  If it weren't so crowded I would eat here all of the time!
4	*SNAP* *SNAP* *SNAP*I tried these pizzas:Quattro FormaggiCalzone (DANG GOOD)SalicciaTartufata (THE BEST)For dessert I sampled the:Fresca (DELICIOUS)Nutella and Mascarpone CrepeNutella and Strawberries CrepeI also had a shot of their homemade Limoncello (i ended up dropping it into some ice tea for a meeeeeeeean Arnold Palmer... Or would that be a John Daly?)I had to get that outta the way because everything was excellent and I didn't wanna forget anything.OK so, I was a little apprehensive about coming here because it seemed pretty hipster and maybe too fancy for my liking, but I was wrong.YA HEAR THAT?! I WAS WRONG!Cibo is probably one of the best spots to eat in Phoenix. Everyone was friendly, even the other patrons, and the food was really, really good! Simple, a little rustic, but perfect. Everything took a while to come out, but hey, it was a friday night, they were busy, and there were no complaints once we sunk our teeth in. It is a bit fancy, but that is the nature of the place. It was fun getting to sample a good cross-section of their menu, so I'd recommend coming with a decent-sized group, although it would also be a perfect date spot.I'm so happy that this place exists, and in Phoenix to boot.
5	Ok, this is seriously the best dining experience as of late ... outdoor patio ... excellent pizza ... fantastic salad ... what is not to love here ... Best in every categoric description ... quick professional service too ... A+++ Bravo!!!
5	This is hands down the best pizza in the valley. I lived in Rome for a month and the pizza at Cibo was better than most I had there. The wine selection here is also amazing- you can tell they really care about their selections. I just love how authentic this place is. Tutto bene! Seriously, I'd get married here if I could.
5	I used to be able to walk here in 30 seconds from my old apartment.  I miss it so much. Listen to me... sit down and order yourself a margherita pie and a glass of wine, wait... I meant a bottle.. to yourself. Anyways, get the margherita pie one of their salads and a nutella crepe. Lucky lucky you.
4	The ambience is great and just shy of being too hip. Waitstaff was super friendly--felt like I was eating at a friend's house, but guess that's the point.Limoncello and chocolate desserts were great. Our waitress suggested we get the chocolate one over ice cream. You should try it.Didn't try the pizza. We'll be back.
5	Yum Yum!  Been here twice now, and it was fab both times.  I recommend the Calzone, anything with their prosciutto, and Crepes Suzette.
4	The place you go to when you are not in the mood to deal with the surly crowds at Bianco.  Great setting, good pizza, and excellent desserts.
5	For our anniversary dinner, my boyfriend and I couldn't ask for more than this exquisitely styled, unbelievably delicious restaurant. The pizza was wood-fired, flavorful, and downright gorgeous, and getting to sit all night on their light-studded patio was a dream. The real kicker, though? Mozzerella, the enormous white cat who casually prowls the property, making friends, taking naps, and maybe getting to nibble a calzone or two. He sat on my lap all through dinner, moving to my boyfriend's for dessert. For cats and pizza, I couldn't recommend a better place.
4	This place was great! We were told by some locals to come here rather than waiting in a two hour line for the other favorite pizza spot in the area.  the atmosphere really made the dinner!   It's an old house redone as a restaurant... we sat outside and there were twinkly lights everywhere and a great jazz musician playing live music in the background.  Our group of 10 ordered 8 different pizza's plus a couple of the special pasta dishes.  Both pasta dishes were out of this world, and the pizza's were tasty and above average.  (but i'm super picky about my pizza's) It was a great meal and a great atmosphere, and next time I visit I would go back.
5	Okay, I know there are many pizza places that claim to be the best, but seriously this is the best pizza, closest to the types served in Italy.My wife and I had our honeymoon in Italy this past summer and had pizza everywhere we went.  The pizza in Italy is a little different from what most Americans are used to, as they aren't as heavy on the red sauce, and they usually incorporate more exotic and fresh ingredients.Now upon our journey to Italy we ended up in Naples (birthplace of Pizza), and couldn't believe how identical the pizza there (Naples) was to Cibo, delicious may I add!So if you've never been to Italy and want something extremely similar in style and taste, then you'll love Cibo. The atmosphere is great, the place is a little cozy and expect to wait 45 minutes depending on when you decide to go.
5	Sweet Pea and I decided to have a relaxing night at Cibo last weekend, as we often do when we feel like just staying close to home, walking, and having insanely good pizza.  I'd been craving a good pizza to get the bad taste of The Parlor out of my mouth for a few weekends now, and Cibo is our favorite.  We've been here dozens of times, and it never disappoints.It was a perfect night for waiting outside, and it's a good thing, because when we got there at about 7pm on a Saturday night, the wait was already an hour and a half.  Man, I miss those days of not waiting.  I only hope that this place doesn't become the next Bianco.  At any rate, an hour and a half passes quickly with good wine and prosecco, and a table outside on a beautiful night, and we were seated outside on the patio in no time.We did our usual- our own salads (I have to always get the Caprese which is the best I've ever had with fresh tomatoes, delicious fresh mozzarella, and just enough pesto), and splitting a pizza- half diavolo for him, and half margherita for me.  He swears by the diavolo- being a pepperoni lover, he's obviously a fan of cured meats, but says this is way better than pepperoni.  Margherita is always so good with the sauce, just enough mozzarella, and whole basil leaves.  Then the usual desserts- the fresca for him which is a huge heaping crepe full of fresh fruit, vanilla ice cream, and whipped cream, and the crepe Suzette for me, which comes flaming.  Crepe Suzette is my favorite dessert, and Cibo does it as well as any Parisian restaurant I've been to.I hate to Yelp it so high because it really is that good, and I hate waiting.  But Cibo deserves it.  It is, bar none, the best pizza in town.  And the atmosphere doesn't suck either.
5	Love, love, LOVE Cibo!! I think it is the best in the Valley....(sorry, Pizzeria Bianco.)  It has a great, intimate and romantic atmosphere.  It is located inside a cozy old home in Dowtown PHX with a great patio equipped with twinkling lights....can you say "first date spot??"  I can't wait to go back. The pizza was superb and the salad was delish.  Everything sounded great....I had a really hard time choosing.
5	This little place is quaint and romantic with excellent food. I recommend any of the deserts. Perfect place for outdoor dining during the cooler time of the year and don't worry they have heaters too during the winter months. The wine selection is fabulous, and this is not just a place for dinner. I had my first lunch here with a best friend who works in the downtown area. It's a great place to stop in and have a bite at lunch.
5	If I could give Cibo 10 stars I would!! Every time I've been here the food is amazing!! The Burrata is so tasty I could eat it daily. My other favorite is the pear salad! All of the pizza is mind blowing :)This is a great location for dates or just grabbing a bite with friends. The patio is enchanting with all the lights and trees. The little house and patio transport you away from Phoenix and make you feel at home. If you have never been here, then you're making a huge mistake!!!!! Be prepared to wait though.. Depending on what day or time you go there could be a wait but its well worth it! The wait staff is pretty good too.. Ohh and if you want to avoid the wait you can order to-go and grab and drink at the bar while you wait.
5	What more can you ask for?  Tasty food and efficient yet friendly service in a cozy, romantic environment.  They only take reservations for a group of 6 or more so be prepared to wait about on hour on busy nights.  Although we waited for about 45 minutes, it was well woth it.
4	As another reviewer noted you can NOT get the pizza for lunch. Noteworthy because that was what I was after. However, the Vegetariano Sandwich was delicious! VEGAN friendly if you order it without cheese. The chef will not allow an extra ramekin of marinara sauce to be brought out after the food. Apparently the sauce will taste different if it is not cooked with the food. Ok. My boyfriend ordered the Parmesan sandwich and it looked quite tasty. We both had the house salad which was good. The house chips are Miss Vicky's and brought to you sealed in their original bag. The patio is so beautiful on a nice, cool day with plenty of shade provided by the over-sized umbrellas and trees. I enjoyed a great lunch complete with tiny birds and a glass of white wine.
4	Excellent pizza and great wine list, they are not pretentious and I have never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. Depending on where you sit the atmosphere can be cozy and romantic,  or lively for a night out with the girls. The staff is friendly and most times I can find a seat at the bar. 4 cheers for Cibo!
5	I will join the troves of people writing reviews for Cibo.  By now, it's known that it one of the best places to eat in Phoenix.  Cibo's atmosphere is the best by far.  Inside the "house" is quaint, and intimate.  Perfect for a romantic date for two.  The outside patio is lit well with stringed bulbs, great landscaping and the occasional live music.The pizza is on par with Bianco.  I recommend getting a pie per person so you can try a variety.  Also, I usually prefer red pizzas, but the whites here at Cibo always end up being my favorite.The crepe deserts, with fresh fruit and ice cream are beyond words.  Save room, you must get it.I love brining out of towners here to show what Phoenix really has to offer.  Not some chain restaurant in a strip mall.
4	Great selection of wine! Try the calzone!
2	Meh.  It's okay if you like your pizza crust soggy.  I've been several times before and the crust has always been soggy.  On my most recent visit I asked them to bake the crust longer to make it crispy.  It was soggy again.  Please note one point of caution regarding the other reviews of this restaurant.  This place may be quicker to get into, but it is most definitely NOT anywhere near the caliber of Pizzeria Bianco.  Would every pizza chef in town who has a James Beard Award please raise their hand?On March 18th I received this message from Karen Martingilio: Dear Ted, thanks for giving us a couple of tries, everyone has their opinion about what they like in a pizza, in Italy they use a knife and fork, we make our crust more soft and chewy more Italian style, and that does not appeal to everyone, however to imply that our other reviewers are just coming to us because the wait is shorter, or that we take less pride in our product then others is somewhat mean spirited, I m sure you didn t intend to insult our dedicated chef or our restaurant but unfortunately it could be misinterpeted by other Yelpers, you are intitled to your opinion and so are our fans on Yelp, thanks again for your imput, Karen MartingilioYelpers, as Karen notes above, I am entitled to my opinion.  Her email does not change my opinion in any way.
1	Nobody likes a downer but all I can do is relay my experience. Every restaurant has an off night but this was pretty disappointing. I've been wanting to eat here for a couple years and we made the trip from the east side all the way to downtown. Sat down and were immediately greeted and I ordered a beer. The server walked away and came back about 5 mins later and asked us if we were ready to order sans beer. As soon as he asked us if we were ready to order you could see that he realized he forgot the beer. No big deal. I work in a restaurant and am very patient as I understand that sometimes shit happens. We order a bottle of wine and a salad and 2 pizzas. He says he'll be back with the beer and the wine and we are totally patient at this point. After about 15 minutes we are still sitting there waiting for our drinks. I can see the bar from where I'm sitting and there is no beer or wine in the service well so it's not like he is too busy to grab it he just never rang any of it in. At this point we look at each other and on cue both stand up and walk out. Ive never done this before but everybody around us honestly looked at us like they wished that they had done the same so their experiences couldn't have been any better. I'm not gonna bash this place and say that it's horrible but I'm just relaying my experience and I won't be back. Personally I'll wait the 3 hours at Bianco where I've never had a bad experience..
5	What's not to love about this place?! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is charming! I highly recommend the Omero Salad and the La Noce and Rustica pizza's!On a side note, there's always been great debate among my friends as to how the name is pronounced. I went to the website tonight before I wrote this review and found the answer we've all wondering Cibo is pronounced "CHEE-boh"! Enjoy your visit!
2	Ah,Cibo. I was really expecting to be won over by this place and would have been if it wasn't for the horrible service from our waiter, James. Drinks and appetizers were lovely, so we asked James for pizza recommendations. He recommended the di Notte and the Capriccosa. Initially, I was put off by the artichokes listed on the Capricossa, but after a quick consultation with my boyfriend, we decided it would be fine and followed those recommendations. Our pizzas arrived, the di Notte and Vegetariana. Wait, what?We left the Vegetariana untouched and called James over to correct the mistake. He caused a big, loud and embarrassing scene, presenting as defensive and aggressive as he raised his voice and refused to correct the error. He insisted that we had ordered the Vegetariana because we didn't want the artichokes on the Capricossa. When we pointed out there were artichokes on the Vegetariana and that it wasnt our pizza, James said, "Well, they're only on one quadrant of the pizza. You want me to pick them off for you?"When there is a table of 12 to verify a story, and two costumers have a different version of the event than the server, I think it's time to admit the mistake and move on. I was shocked by his behavior and apparently so was some of the other staff as they came over to apologize for his rudeness. I have never been treated so poorly in a restaurant before, which is not something I had ever expected to say about Cibo.The food and ambiance were wonderful, but if service is poor, it ruins the experience and makes me reluctant to spend money here again. Maybe I'd consider if we could get Melissa as our waitress, who remained sweet and attentive and made efforts from the cash bar to make us feel welcome again. Service is such a key element in a restaurant and our server was entirely blind to this fact--although I guess it didn't matter much to him since his gratuity was already added in.
4	I come here for lunch as a quick downtown sit down spot.  The sandwiches are good and they come with a side of either salad, fruit salad or chips.  I always order one of three sandwiches (the prosciutto, the pulled pork or the pastrami)  All great, all with a salad, that has fresh sliced parmesan and pinenuts.  Already a winner in my book!  The dessert crepes are huge and need at least two people to work on it after an entree.
3	Man... what happened?My wife and I felt pretty bad, after hyping Cibo up to friends for the past couple weeks, only to be treated fairly strangely and shabbily by our waiter. We were the only two in our group who had been there before, and luckily the only ones embarrassed when things did not go as smoothly as we would've hoped.Our large party would agree that the food and the atmosphere are still top notch, as are the wines and that delicious homemade limoncello... But the service just fell off, due to one person in particular. Read Nader A's review for the full story, but the gist of it is there was a (rude) miscommunication on the waiter's part, and he was so steadfast (attitude) about not admitting his mistake that it cost him any additional tip he might have received. He also chose to do this at peak volume coinciding with the entertainer's break, so not only did everyone at our table get an earful, but so did the surrounding patrons. it was like a scene in a movie when a bunch of people who do not belong walk into the wrong bar and the needle scratches right off the record. To Nader A's credit, he remained cool, but the damage was done. Later on we found out that our waiter also dissuaded others at the table from customizing their pizzas because "they are perfect the way they are." I don't know if he had something else going on and decided to take it out on us, but to snap at us the way he did was truly unacceptable.We were planning on having the table sample some of Cibo's delicious crepes for dessert, and I'm positive we would have certainly drank a bit more as well, but instead we chose to leave early and take our business elsewhere. Will we be back? Eventually, but in all honesty not anytime soon, and definitely not in that guy's section.I in no way would dissuade anyone from trying out Cibo. They excel at what they do, and my experience was most likely out of the ordinary.
4	We had attempted to go to dinner at another little place a few blocks away, but were put off and decided to explore. Lucky we did cause I absolutely loved this place. We sat outside and it was very enchanting! I forgot we were in Phoenix for a while, which is a good thing. Phx needs more places like this! Our pizza was good, but I would have preferred a little more spice. Our crepe was delicious! I would go back for that alone! Overall, we had a great experience and hope to get back there before the summer hits us so we can enjoy the quaint patio experience:)
5	Very very good lunch spot!  Was a little disappointed when I found out they didn't have pizza on their lunch menu. But when I tasted the prosciutto "sandwich", I didn't mind anymore. It was a great meal with a relaxing & great ambiance!
5	The wait staff here is amazing! So fun and friendly! The food is amazing too.. nutella strawberry crepes.. omg!  Plus sitting outside here is so beautiful and a great experience.
4	3.5 stars Nice place to have dinner outside. Excellent service. The highlight of the food for me was the Diavole pizza. Pizza overall is good. Our group didn't like the wine as much. In my opinion the dessert crepe with nutella and strawberries had too much nutella.
5	One of the best, if not the best pizza in all of Phoenix in my opinion.  It is very similar to the more famous Bianco style of pizza, however way less of  a wait.  Every pizza I've had from Cibo is excellent.  The decor and atmosphere is fantastic and perfect for a romantic date.  They have a great outdoor area and on a nice night when the weather is right, you can't ask for a more perfect/romantic setting.  Just so you know, if you are in the mood for some pizza for lunch, this isn't your place.  Pizza is only served at dinner and I think it's only sandwiches and salads for lunch.  I recommend it all though!
5	Oh Cibo how I love thee! Let me count the waysYou have the most adorable setting i've ever laid eyes onThe Salads are so fresh and sized to shareThe pizza's are OUT.OF.THIS.WORLD! And let's not forget dessert. I look forward to the Fresca crepe with each visit I make.I heart you Cibo.
5	Bruschetta: GreatWine: GreatAmbiance: GreatPizza: AMAZING. The Crust! The cheese! The Texture! The perfect taste! yum yum yum!  I typically get the Tricolre and sub tomatoes for the meat. But really, anything you choose is going to be AMAZING. I will spend my entire life hoping that I can find another pizza place as good as Cibo, and it will never happen.
4	Okay so Cibo's is really good, let's get that out of the way right up front.  Their salads with pine nut goodness, their sandwiches with the bread that holds up no matter the insides, the iced tea.  Oh good lord almighty that tea is great.  So yeah, after two lunches at Cibo with Jesse, I am definitely sold on the joint.  BUT that is not to say that Cibo is flawless.  Let us proceed...Jesse was having a crazy busy day, and I was bored.  We decided to lunch early and headed over to Cibo, since Jesse had been craving it.  We arrive in the neighborhood north of Van Buren where the quaint little sandwich/pizza house is located, and immediately I note the line of cars up and down one street, along with the line of tractors ripping up the intersecting one.  There at the corner lies her beloved eatery, with many chin-up suits and aging re-debutantes making their way towards it from all directions.  Jesse, sensing the parking challenge that was soon to present itself, slammed the brakes.  "Go get us a table."I'm out of the car like a greased-up salamander out of a Mexican Coke bottle.   Scuttling across the street to get ahead of all the winners, I'm considering my seating preference.  It's a little warm out, but all the shade trees in Cibo's courtyard would fix that right up.  Then I remembered the close quarters the last time we sat outside, not to mention Jesse's disgust at being seated next to a table with *GASP* a child.I didn't know what things were like inside, but it hardly mattered.  My mind was made up, and when the hostess showed me to our window table in the small dining room near the bar, I realized it didn't matter at all.  The whole place was close quarters, except now we were gonna be inside, which meant way better acoustics!  Full tables all around.  This place is way above the radar and has been for some time, so this was to be expected.  What I didn't expect was the high-haired doughy woman in the electric lime muumuu sitting directly in my line of vision.  She ultimately heightened my experience a great deal just by showing up, although I couldn't help wondering which tribal casino was calling all the hospitals, looking for their most loyal customer.Jesse ended up ordering the caprese sandwich with added prosciutto (server was happy to oblige), and I had the BBQ pulled pork.  Jesse's sandwich was pretty good.  My sandwich was MAGNIFICENT.  The spice was a pleasant surprise, and also gave me a bit of good old-fashioned sweat-face.  I wasn't really feeling the couple of flies buzzing around us during our chewing time, but to be fair I didn't know who they belonged to, so I can't in good faith pin it completely on the establishment.  Also, the server seemed to forget we were there a couple of times, which is always fun.  But hey, I'm sure the Carries outside needed their lemon water refills real bad, having just played their freckle-tanned backs off in the breast cancer tennis match they just came from.It may seem from my review that I didn't have the best time.  This absolutely IS NOT the case.  I don't think lunch at Cibo could have gone any better.  The cramped eating space, outspoken clientele, somewhat negligent wait staff, all these should be, well, kind of expected when partaking of a place like Cibo.  It's almost like dinner theater - get in, get settled and get ready for the show.  And whenever possible, watch for muumuus.
4	My dear Cibo - do not get too big for your britches.  When my husband calls to make reservations, do not call him "Dude" and "Bro."  Don't tell him that we will be "lucky to get in" at 7:30 and that you don't take reservations after opening.Also, the waitstaff appears to be in a constant state of change (not the bartenders, but the waitresses/ers.  The woman we had this past Tuesday was below average at best.  Yes, everyone has an off day, but when you work in one of the hottest places in Phoenix... and make your money off tips... MIGHT want to liven up a bit.Cibo, you are our PLACE!  So live up to our memories and keep them going into the future!
5	Two of us went on a Friday night, so no surprise - there was a 45 minute wait...But MAN - it was WELL worth it!!!We started out with the Bruschetta, which was good (I especially loved the tomato bruschetta).  Then we split a pizza - also delish - I'm looking forward to returning and trying a different pizza every time...because all of them sounded SO GOOD.  But the real game winner was the CREPE at the end - with Nutella and Mascarpone - O.M.G. SO GOOD.The atmosphere is fantastic, the wait staff is busy - but good, and the food is WELL worth any wait on a Friday night.  I will definitely be a "frequent" at this cute little pizzeria!!! :)
5	SoOoO AMAZING!!! Great Bruschetta pizza, also tried some of the Arizona Hefewizen really good beer! The waiter we had also made it very welcoming super nice guy!
4	TIP: this places takes no reservations on fridays and limited reservations on saturdays so expect long wait times standing in front of the house.  when you get in, skip the mediocre salads and just order the amazingly fresh pizzas.  ask to sit inside cuz outside can get crazy hot even at nights.This joint is just unusual because it's in a house that serves pizzas and salads (i'm surprised neighbors don't complain).  expect long waits in the weekends.  Service could be better cuz the dude thought i ordered a nut brown when i asked for a dirty blonde and a calzone when i asked for a magherita pizza.  The pizza is as fresh as it gets.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh because the tomato sauce in the pizza is extra tangy.   The local beer from sedona (nut brown) and tempe (pale ale) are extremely flavorful.  The pesto salad is not that great (can't taste the pesto, should have tossed it).
3	I've had 2 great experiences with CIBO, and 2 that left me cold. Pros: Great pizza, delectable crust, ambiance, cordial service, great wine, bustlingly quaint & neighborhood-y.Cons: When CIBO gets overwhelmed, which is often, the service and product diminish steadily and predictably. Last visit, my order came out within 5 minutes of placing it and I got low-pitched food illness thereafter. I want to love you, CIBO, because when you are good, you are oh so good.
5	My wife and I traveled to Phoenix last week to spend Spring Break with my daughter who is attending ASU. During our visit we had the "privilege" of eating at Pizzeria Bianco Tuesday night... after a 2+ hour wait. My father had suggested we go eat there after seeing this place mentioned on one of his Food Network shows. I must say the atmosphere is decent, the service so so, and the pizza just OK. So, the next night I took my wife to a place I had eaten at last summer named Cibo which is just a few blocks away. After the first taste of her Siena pizza she turned to me and said "this place blows away Bianco"... she is right. When you are there you must try the Burrata appetizer. I had the pleasure of trying it last summer when it was just added to the menu and was glad to see it stuck around. I seriously doubt there is a pizza on the menu you will not like but that night we had the Diavola as well as the Siena mentioned above (both fabulous). Make sure to finish off the evening with some homemade Limoncello and you will gladly thank me later...We got lucky enough to find a seat on the patio and were able to dine under a perfect Phoenix sky. Our server was named Melissa and she was great. She suggested the perfect wine for our meal and was very attentive the whole time we were there. We cannot wait to go again!!!
4	Let me start by saying the atmosphere up in here is great!  The front dining yard is lit up at night by peaceful white lights strewn in organized chaos from the trees that grace the grounds.  This is the perfect patio for a relaxing meal spent  enjoying the company of good friends or for a casual date.As far as food goes....YUM, delicious, please sir...may I have some more?  I can't say enough about the pizza...the crust is perfect in texture and taste and the ingredients that top the pizza (including the ooey gooey cheese) are of the highest quality.  I highly recommend this traint (trendy AND quaint) Phoenix eatery.  You won't be disappointed!
4	I am STILL thinking about this pizza 1 day later, that's how good it is. Now, I've had pizza in Italy and Cibo isn't as good as that, however, it is some of the best I've had since Italy and was reminiscent of what I've had there. We came here on Wednesday night and the patio was packed and since we were pretty hungry we decided to not wait and just sit inside. I gotta say, it's a very cute place. I loved the decor, it felt very quaint and homey. The service wasn't the greatest, as our waiter was rather short with us and not too friendly.  The dessert did take a long time to get to us, but really we weren't too bothered by these things as the overall experience was a positive one.Now, down to the good stuff... the food. My Husband and I shared a margherita pizza and a spicy salami white pizza. The margherita was to die for and the spicy salami was great with a nice kick. My favorite part of their pizza is the crust. It's is so flavorful and has great chewy and crispy texture. My sister had the special gnocchi, which was really good too. At the end we all shared the nutella and marscapone crepe, which was utter bliss. The prices were good, the food was awesome, the ambiance was delightful... we'll be back!
5	Great gourmet pizzas, awesome salads, and a cute place suitable for a variety of occasions, be it a date, dinner with the gals, birthday get-together, or a family outing. One of my favorites!
5	Hands down the best pizza in AZ! Favorite place to take out of town guests. Make sure you order the Burrata. Best appetizer that will be inhaled. Perfect blend of fresh homemade mozzarella, prosciutto, balsamic vinegar and toasted bread. The pizza is second to none. There can be a little wait, but just grab a glass of wine and relax on the patio.
4	Charming restaurant that delivered with excellent pizza and prompt, friendly service.  It is located in a neighborhood and is very unassuming.  However, the food and service made this a can't miss spot!
4	After my first bizarre experience, I was a little reluctant to return. However, Karen graciously invited us back to make up for it, a gesture I really appreciate. Things were much different this time around. The food was wonderful and the atmosphere was lovely. We had the buratta, two soft scoops of mozzarella with proscuitto and bread. Yum! I guess it's not always on the menu so get it if you can. We also had the di note pizza and the nutella and mascarpone crepe. Everything was perfect and made with care. Thank you, mike and Karen for taking such good care of your customers! I will definitely be back. I've been sneaking bites of my leftovers and they are still just as delicious! I'll be thinking about the buratta until the next time I get to eat it.
5	Cibo I love your salads and pizza. Your ambiance is tops what more can I ask for. I keep bringing more friends here as you never disappoint.
5	Disclaimer: Like many of you, I am a sucker for charming little homes that have been re-purposed into restaurants. I am certain that this colored my opinion of Cibo.That being said, I absolutely love having lunch here the other day. I unknowingly arrived at 2:05 (5 minutes after they close between lunch and dinner) but was served anyway. I had the salscicia sandwich and a side of fruit. The sandwich was excellent, served on perfectly crisp, chewy saltimbocca bread. The sausage was flavorful and was complimented by roasted red peppers and onions. All this was finished off with a great quality mozzarella cheese. Really, really delicious.I should also say that the atmosphere here was friendly and  comfortable, though a bit small. This would be a great place to hang out if you lived nearby.
3	Great appetizers and wine selection. Pizza was so so, a bit on the bland side. Fun and charming atmosphere. Great place to grab an appetizer/drinks and catch up with friends. Get there early. We went on a Saturday night and had to wait about 40 minutes for a table.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE the ambience outside! Love the fact the restaurant is in a old style bungalow and the patio is lit with string lights.I went there for the first time last night 15min before close and I dont know if they usually have music or not..but if they don't, they need it. Food was great but nothing to die for.
2	Been to Cibo several times and have had no problems with the food, but what I don't go out to dinner for is a flat out RUDE server. My room mates and I went to Cibo on a thursday night and got right in as we chose to sit inside, i.e.. the place was not swamped as it is on a weekend night. We waited so long to even be helped in the first place that had to finally ask someone if we HAD a server as we would liked to have ordered a bottle of wine. When we ordered apps, as we couldn't pronounce what we wanted, we pointed it out on the menu to the server, so she clearly saw it. However when an antipasti platter came out and we said that wasn't our order, the food runner took it back to our server, who brought it back out to us and continued to argue with us that we did in fact order the antipasti, which we hadn't. Our pizza took so long we actually had time to finish the bottle of wine and could have fallen over if we'd gotten any eye contact or mention of our pizza and where it may have gone. I don't care how amazing the food or how popular the restaurant, servers with poor attitudes are never worth the time and money.
3	Ok, I'm torn on this one. I've mentioned in my other reviews, I understand sometimes, people have bad days. So while the service was not so great, the food was! And I love this place, I'm not gonna lie! So the waitress seemed easily overwhelmed, gave us the wrong bill, the wrong drinks, took a while getting our food-ok, a REALLY long time, and also dropped my friend's credit card, luckily I saw it laying on the ground. But the sandwiches we ordered were amazing! Went for lunch. So no pizza on the menu at this time. You will have to find parking, which can be a little tough. There is a lot behind the "restaurant", which is really a little bungalow type house and gives it the character. I had the Salsiccia sandwich which was fesh hot and amazing! The Italian Sausage was probably the best I've ever tasted and they feature fresh baked bread in a wood burning oven. The greens were also crisp and fresh and they feature creative salads which could be a meal in itself. Overall, the place is unique and delicious and perfect inside for a date, a lunch meeting and I can't wait to go back for dinner. Yum!
5	My favorite pizza place in Phoenix, bar none. Amazing, life changing pies. You must eat here. Other reasons why I like it:- cheap, good bottles of wine- dog friendly- light rail accessible- romantic vibe (but not too romantic, totally ok for just casual dining with friends)- friendly staff- free of Old Town Scottsdale douchery- desserts with nutella- fresh & often local ingredients- no ridiculous wait times like Bianco (usually 30 min or less during peak times)Highly recommended.
5	Love Cibo, the simple presence of this restaurant in the neighborhood is really good for the revitalization of downtown. The salsicce sandwich and house salad are amazing and the staff is great. totally recommend
5	My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday evening. We had about a 30 min. wait which we spent in the bar w/ a good glass of wine. We were seated and promptly greeted by our waitress. She was friendly and quick. We split 2 pizzas, had a bottle of wine, and the Nutella Crepes. Everything was delicious!! At the end when we received our check, we were pleasantly surprised at how affordable the meal was. From start to finish, we loved this restaurant! The ambiance, food, and service were impeccable. We will definitely return!
5	Imagine if House of Tricks and La Bocca fell in love and had a baby. Cibo would be their love child. Classy, great vibe and delicious food are some of the highlights to this charming little restaurant. We had a big group and even two that arrived late and the staff was able to accommodate everyone. We ordered at least 5 pizzas and everything was fresh and flavorful. They have a good selection of drinks as well. I wanted a white wine spritzer and they didn't have club soda so I was offered sprite instead to mix with my wine and it actually tasted great! For dessert we all shared one that had nutella AND bananas. Mmmm. I would definitely come here and again and recommend it to all my friends.
5	I keep meaning to review this place.  Every time I go, as I'm sitting, devouring what I have proclaimed "might be my favorite pizza, ever.", I commit to reviewing Cibo, but somehow, in my post-pizza bliss, I forget.  Not this time!  Time to give credit where credit is due.Cibo is 100% adorable... the repurposed old house, the charming patio, the live music in the evenings.... just adorable.  It's small(ish) but I think that's part of it's charm.  Somehow we've been lucky and never had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seated, even on Friday and Saturday evenings.  (By the way... this is one of the main reasons I prefer Cibo over the highly-touted Pizzaria Bianco).  Antipasti-- I've had both the pear salad and the caprese salad and both are delicious.  Of the two, the pear salad is my favorite-- the honey adds an interesting element that compliments the rest of the salad nicely.  Pizza- La Noce is what I'm referring to as "might be my favorite pizza, ever.".  I love the flavor of the arugula, ricotta, and walnuts-- and the red sauce is perfect.-- an interesting blend of flavors that just works I've also tried the Pomodoro Fresco-- also delicious, but La Noce is still my favorite.  Others I've eaten with have ordered other pizzas as well and all have proclaimed them fabulous. The crust is perfectly done, thin without being soggy.  Service- The service is reliably good-- not amazing or remarkable, but good.  No issues here.  So if you like awesome pizza in an adorable atmosphere and you don't want to wait ages, this is your place.  Just do it-- you won't be sorry!
3	Cibo is a great little spot down town for lunch.  The seating can be tight.  It is friendly, clean and easy to park at.  The menu is not the usual - so don't take a meat and potatos person there.  The salads are wonderful and my favorite is the Nutella crepe!
5	wow im just going for it yes 5 stars fantastic staff excellent pizza and i love the appitizer platter, we had a nice bottle of wine and fantastic house made lemoncello,
5	Barbeque pulled pork sandwich with fontina cheese, I miss you already.  Yummers.  And the pizza?  Holy frak.  Incredible.  Love Cibo.
5	There isn't a better place to take a date in Phoenix.  The owners are always present and welcome guests as old friends.  The patio is absolutely gorgeous and has live music on the weekends.  The inside is a bit cramped, but is bursting with ambiance - low lights, gorgeous wood bar, local art.And the food... Skip the wait at Pizzeria Bianco and come here instead.  Trust me on this one.  The pizza is delicious and you haven't lived until you've tried the Burrata.Five stars.
4	Was in Phoenix for a meeting and came here with a co-worker.  We ordered the pesto salad and funghi pizza.  Since it was a cooler evening, we sat outside on the patio.The salad had chunks of parmigiano reggiano, roasted potatoes with greens covered in delicious pesto.  It was a winning start to the dinner.The funghi pizza was charred well and was not bitter.  The crust was very good but a little watery from the mushroom.  However, the pie was very good.The service was prompt, polite and friendly.I really enjoyed this place and when I'm back in town with the family, I am definitely taking them.
5	Best pizza in phoenix (Sorry Chef Bianco). Really affordable meal and wine! My new favorite place in phoenix.
5	Still awesome. Gets that last star!
5	im not a big fan of pizza, but coming to this place it changed my mind!!very fresh ingredients. so flavorful and light.  cibo you will see me here again the next time im in Phoenix!
5	I have to say that this place is the best of the best. I come here regularly, and the servers always recognize me (I don't know it that's a good thing or bad thing). It's a great place to enjoy wine and dinner before you head out for the night. Also, a great first date place. I brought my boyfriend (from a small town in Michigan) to Cibo for dinner, and he absolutely loved it... nothing like this in his small hometown. And the best part about this restaurant... the CREPES. Yes, they are absolutely delicious. I recommend the strawberry and nutella with whipped cream... YUM!
5	Went here for lunch with some coworkers last week. This place is adorable! I love when they turn old houses into little restaurants. I had the PLT sandwhich (Prosciutto, Lettuce, and Tomato). It had a spicy roasted red pepper aoili on it. It wasn't spicy to me but it was delicious. The bread the sandwiches come on is also amazing. I love good bread! I ordered my sandwich with the fruit salad as my side and was in love with it. It came with yogurt and granola on it and was more like a dessert, which I always love! Can't wait to bring my husband here and try it out for dinner!
5	Food, service and atmosphere are all beyond compare at this wonderful neighborhood eatery. In my few dozen visits to Cibo I have always had a wonderful experience. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The food is always amazing - appetizer to dessert. Customer for life.
5	Delizioso! Ate here with friends on the fourteenth anniversary of my 29th birthday (I'll let you do the math!) and had a splendid, splendid meal! The service was attentive, the food was delish and I want to go back -- NOW! I'm not much of a meat eater so had the Quattro Formaggi Pizze -- but have to admit the other meat-laden pies were looking mighty good. Complimentary Nutella crepe on your birthday (money)! And I would highly recommend the Bellinis! Evviva! (Sorry, practicing my Italian!)
5	Best Pizza in Phoenix.  Hands down.
5	My favorite restaurant! The best pizza in town and the best ambiance ever, especially if you sit outside when the weather is nice. Sometimes a bit of a wait with limitted wait area, but well worth the wait. Save room for dessert, the crepes are yummy too.
5	It is axiomatic in Phoenix that the better the restaurant is, the worse the parking. The parking at Cibo is atrocious. Aside from the cutthroat street-side parking, there are something like six parking places in the back. That being said, the food here is amazing. Cibo has two distinct menus: a lunchtime and dinnertime selection. Sandwiches are during lunch and Pizzas are dinner. Pizzas are not served here during lunchtime since the wood oven requires different temperatures for sandwiches. If you NEED a pizza, arrive in the evening. This is not to say that the sandwiches are worth skipping. They are delicious. The bread is a perfect blend of crisp and soft. A lunchtime visit is definitely recommended. However, the star of the show here is the pizza; their pizzas are amazing. There is JUST enough char from the wood ovens to give the dough that brittle crispness that is a sign of a great thin-crust pizza. Their ingredients are fresh and each bite gives a discernible taste for each ingredient in the pizza. It is not a mish-mash of grease and spice like so many other pizzas are. For dessert, you must get their crepes. Their crepes make a perfect end to a wonderful meal.The service here is extremely friendly and accommodating. To give an idea of how good this place is, here is an anecdote. We went to Cibo in the middle of summer late in the afternoon. It was about 113 degrees Fahrenheit outside. When we arrived we found out that their air-conditioning was out. We stayed anyway.
4	Yum! Delicious tasting pizza, a wonderful atmosphere, and oh those  Nutella crepes are devine!
5	Everything here for lunch was amazing.  Great eggplant parm sandwich (recommended by the waitress) on that saltimbocca bread.  One friend had a sausage sandwich and another friend (vegetarian) had his usual, caprese sandwich; both raved about their food.  Price is right at about $9 per sandwich.  Too bad they don't serve pizza for lunch; I'll have to come back some time for dinner. We didn't have any problem parking or getting in (maybe a 10 minute wait for lunch, not bad), but maybe we just got lucky. I also really like the setting in an old house.
5	After months of reading about Cibo we finally decided we needed to find out for ourselves if the hype was real.We arrived 5 minutes before they opened on a Friday evening and there was already a group and a couple ahead of us.  By the time the doors opened there were about 15 people behind us ~ mind you it was about 105 in Phoenix that evening...We sat at the bar and was promptly greeted. We ordered the peach bellini which was an excellent cool off drink after being outside in the heat.  We ordered the Tartufata pie and added balsamic caramelized onions.  Just before our bellinis were finished our pie was placed in front of us.... I have to say it was a work of art.  With glasses of both the Cab Sav from Sicilla and a Primotivio we were set for the night.The crust was excellent and the prosciutto was out of this world.  The onions with the white truffle oil was a wonderful finish.  We opted to share the crepe made of nutella and mascarpone which was a good decision.  Very rich and gooey there was no way either one of us would have been able to eat a whole one each.  That along with a glass of Moscati and I was in heaven :)Excellent food, atmosphere and staff.  I can't wait to visit on either on a Tuesday or Wednesday when it's fresh pasta night!
5	Best diavola EVER!! I would recommend this pizzeria to anyone, it won't disappoint!
5	Very good pizza here. There is no wait and there is a WIDE selection of items. I love the white pizza so I would definitely recommend that to anyone who heads on in. Excellent beer selection too.
3	Excellent white pizzas!! EXCELLENT.As for the Red Pizzas? Not so much.Will most definately go back. The creativity done with these white pizzas is most divine.
5	This is one of my new favorite restaurants. I have been twice now and I can't wait for my next visit! Both times I went with a group of friends and everything we ordered was excellent. The pizza was amazing! Dessert was devoured in a frenzy. The ambiance was perfect. This is a great place for a date or a night out with the girls. Also, a wonderful place to take visitors. If I lived closer I would be there every week.
5	My husband and I ate at Cibo when we visited Phoenix.  The pizza is excellent.  I'd have to say it is either the best or the second best pizza we've eaten, and we eat a lot of pizza.  The crust was not thick or thin, it was just right.  The ingredients were fresh and the cheese was delicious! We waited about 1 hour to finally score a spot at the bar, which is first come, first serve.  Be sure to get there when they open or you're in for a long wait.  Definitely worth it!
3	Huh, so I'm clearly in the minority with this review. After hearing about this place repeatedly, I was excited to give it a try. End result was a "meh". For 6 of us, the total was $133. Holy crap! For pizza and iced tea?! Really?I tried the asian pear, goat cheese, etc etc pizza--which was odd. That's really the only word I can come up with...not bad, not delicious, just odd. Also tried a slice of the sausage/potato combo as well. Again, not bad, but not amazing. Restaurant is oddly located as well, you're driving along...and then there it is, in a corner house. Most of us drove past it and had to circle around.Likely won't be going back, but don't think they'll miss me, since it was packed on a Wednesday night. Large restaurant, but seems like a small space. People were constantly bumping into each other, some guy was almost sitting in my lap while he was waiting for a table (and I was eating), employees were weaving in and out of people and crashing into each other.They have pasta specials on Tuesday and Wednesday nights and other random specials on Thursdays (according to the menu).
4	Charming, intimate, low-key, cozy, and solid food.   It feels like you are at a friend's home.  There should be more places like this... like in Scottsdale.  Yes, there are real people living there that are constantly driving elsewhere but bitching about the lack of places to go to in the near vicinity.  Maybe there's someone who will take a hint...
3	Sigh. This place just isn't as good as I remember it from a couple years ago. I don't know if the quality has gone downhill or my tastes have changed, but it just wasn't the experience I was hoping for. During my recent visit, I split the pesto salad and funghi pizza with my cousin. The bread brought out was ok, crusty but a little too chewy and cold. I appreciate having oil on the table to dip. The salad was good. I absolutely loved the roasted potatoes on top. Way better than traditional croutons. The dressing was ok; I thought it could use more of a garlic kick.Overall, the pizza was just good. I remember it being excellent. The sauce was bad. Bland and a bit too bitter. Good quality cheese. Again, I needed more of a "kick" from the toppings. No strong earthy flavors from the mushrooms. Crust was by far the best part.Service was slow and inattentive but friendly. Value was good since we only spent $22 for our items. I was very full the rest of the night and even had leftover pizza for my husband to sample.If anyone wanted to go to Cibo before an event downtown, I wouldn't argue, but I certainly wouldn't drive into Phoenix just for the food.
5	I'm not sure I can put Cibo on par with Pizzeria Bianco. I just can't.It's pretty close, though. And when you factor in wait times (15 minutes on a First Friday night at 7pm), parking (much better, being on the west side of downtown), and leftovers (the pizza crust holds up remarkably well under microwaving), it's really no question.We started with the burrata, and I really can't recommend this enough: two mountains of creamy, fresh mozzarella, sliced prosciutto that melts in your mouth, and toasted bread that's just soft enough to keep from dicing the roof of your mouth. The only problem was, by the end of it (and we scraped every bit of cheese up) we were hardly hungry. Between the two pizzas we ordered between my wife, me, and our daughter, we finished less than half. From now on, we'll go with the burrata, and split a pie...though then we'd miss out on the leftovers. I'll have to rethink this.A few minor quibbles: it'd be nice of the beers were on tap. My Lagunitas IPA wasn't quite cold enough. Also, the main entrance is a tight fit, but it's worth it for the ambiance, I think.Beyond that, though, everything about Cibo, from the food to the charming owners, was exceptional. I only half-jested that I'd like to go back today.
4	Cibo prob did not need my review but I like to suggest trying the eggplant parm sandwich. It is not heavy at all and the eggplant is not drenched in batter or grease.  Comes with a side salad, very fresh.  I have not tried this restaurant for dinner yet, but heard the pizza is amazing.
5	Love, love, love the pizza! The diavola is my fav- juicy & slightly spicy. My mouth is seriously salavating as I write this. I know it's strange for a pizza to be juicy, so let me explain...the fresh ingredients melting perfectly in the brick oven for an incredible burst of flavors in your mouth - JUICY!!! For apps I was introduced to the Burrata, which is outstanding and give the bruschetta and caprese a try, also yummy. Dessert wise the crepes with nutella are lip-smacking good as well as the nutella shake. (yep, I'm a fan of nutella)Delightful atmosphere, patio lit with strands of lights, charming historic house inside.Sometimes they have live music but I'm not sure how to find out this information. Also, they serve homemade pasta on a selected day :)
2	the arugula pear salad was as bland as the Valpolicella and La Noce pie. the ambiance on a cool April evening was a delight. the dining experience was saved by the 25% donation of our bill to Dining Out For Life.
5	Cibo = pizza perfection.  I've been to many of the "top" pizza places in the valley, and I've come to a conclusion: you won't find a place better than this in Phoenix. I frequent here quite often.  I'm truly in love.Dessert crepes are also amazing. Just try one. Any one.The service is great. The waitstaff is extremely attentive, including the hostess/host. The food comes out quickly. Very quickly. These are things to appreciate, but I'm reviewing this place because the food is fantastic.
5	This is one of my favorite places for both lunch and dinner (separate menus for each).  The food is amazing and unique.  The atmosphere is quaint and intimate, perfect for date nights or dinner with close friends!  Service is not quick but the mood is relaxing and casual.  Never disappointed with this place!!
5	This is the Antonio Banderas in Desperado of Pizzerias.
4	Had lunch at CIBO today.  They only serve sandwiches at lunch.  I had the eggplant sandwich.  It was delish.  Served with a side salad.  Salad was just OK.  Ice tea very tasty.  Great urban feeling.  I want to go back in the fall and sit outside at night under the little white lights with a glass of wine and enjoy Phoenix.  And of course try one of their pizzas.
5	Cibo has plenty of reviews, but I still gotta put my two cents in! I have been here several times, all for lunch, so I have NOT tried their pizza yet but the sandwiches and salads they serve up for lunch are nothing short of phenominal! On my last vist I tried the Ai Spinaci, which is a garlic lovers dream sandwich topped off with wilted spinach and toasted prosciutto! All I hear is great things about Cibo's pizza, so I can't wait to finally give it a try!The restaurant is a beautifully converted house in a historic downtown area, but that also equals very limited seating inside. They have a great patio with more than ample overflow seating outside, but it's pretty worthless during the summer days. The servers here are all friendly towards the customers, and work as a team to make sure the lunch and dinner hours run smoothly!Also, the crepes are amazing! We never had any intention of ordering dessert but our server insisted on bringing us a complimentary crepe with the assurance that it'd be worth it! WE LOVED IT! Make sure you save room for dessert!
4	Amen & Hallelujah!  I finally made it to Cibo!  I can finally join the ranks of the other (almost) 400 Yelpers to post a review!After hearing SO much about it and working downtown for 10 years, it sure has taken me a long time to get there!  Even the deserted patio (at 5:30 on a Thursday in August) made me happy.  Walking inside, instantly greeted by a friendly host, followed by an equally friendly server.  Service was stellar, attentive, kind, informed, relaxed but not lazy, and suggesting menu items which I always appreciate.We decided on the special pizza of the night.  Pizza Marechiaro : Fresh Bufala Mozzarella, San Marzano Dop, Chopped basil and Sea salt!  Like a "super-margherita" the server said.  How could we NOT get it?  We also go the Pesto Salad which came with roasted potatoes, a light pesto dressing, and delicious bread to go with.The salad was delicious as was the pizza!  The ingredients were super fresh, the crust was the perfect amount of chewy, the prices were reasonable, and YES there was not a two hour wait to go with the food (even though, I still love the other place too!).  The only part that I didn't love was that the super fresh tomato-ey sauce made the crust a little droopy when I picked it up.  My favorite is a crispy crust that doesn't fall when you take a bite, but hey, small price to pay for perfection every where else.Even the tiny little flowers in the tiny little bud vase on the table made my day!  I can't wait to go back again . . . and again . . . and again.  Lucky me I work about a mile away!  You (may or may not) know me, I hardly give five stars on just one visit, but trust me, this has five stars written all over it!!
5	AMAZING. I've only been to Cibo for dinner, but it's one of the few restaurants that i've been to HUNDREDS of times. I cringe whenever I hear someone talking about going to pizzaria Bianco, bec Cibo's pizza is exponentially better and you won't face the hours of waiting that you'll run into at Bianco. Esp. recommend going to dinner here when it's a bit cooler... they have live music, a fire pit, and beautiful outdoor dining.
4	After a glut of pizza watching on food network, I was on the hunt for some good thin crust pizza. Being in my third trimester, however, I wanted to avoid the hour long waits I was reading about all the pizza places in town, and decided to go during lunch time. Unfortunately, I didn't do my research enough and didn't realize that Cibo does NOT serve pizza during lunch, only sandwiches; pizza is only at dinner time. After the initial disappointment, and being too hungry to go somewhere else, we decided to go ahead and order. For a weekday lunch, it was still pretty busy. No wait, but only seats available were at the bar, and just 2 seats were available. However it looked like the turnover was quick. Service by the guy at the bar was relatively quick and very friendly, but he was running around like crazy taking care of both customers at the bar and at tables. All the sandwiches are made with the fresh baked focaccia made in the brick ovens. Very fresh and tasty. Not oily at all like a lot of other focaccia's I've had. Good texture, chewy without being tough. There's a choice of cold vs hot sandwiches, my husband and I both got hot ones...I got a mozzarella, tomato and pesto i think? Whatever it was, it was good. My husband got the pulled pork buffalo style...He enjoyed it...I'm not a big fan of buffalo style sauce so I can't really comment on it. You have a choice of side salad or fruit salad witht he sandwhiches, or chips, which we didn't get. The salad was fine, fresh, well dressed. The fruit salad was a bit of a surprise...more of a parfait w/ some thick whipped cream and granola on top. It was good, but being lactose intolerant, it came as a bit of a surprise, so just a warning for those who can't tolerate dairy, or thought they were being healthy by ordering a fruit salad. Anyways, m/b I'll make to try the pizza one day...but the sandwiches were still worth the visit.
5	Took someone out on a date here as per recommendation from a friend and was completely blown away! Their pizza is the best I've had in a long LONG time, accompanied by fantastic wine and some great company =) The service was boast-worthy and the establishment is a quaint little atmosphere that can cater to your needs; giving you a great place if you look dress-casual for a nice night of drinks or shorts and a t-shirt if you're just looking for some good eats and a relaxing night off. Cibo is really a gem!Keep singing,-Jerron
5	I'm pretty picky about my pizza and have extremely high expectations (LGO being my favorite in the Valley), but I can't say enough great things about this place...Amazing date spot, delicious fresh food, kind service, and adorable atmosphere. The pizza is that italian still, thin, homemade style crust with fresh toppings in a wood-fire brick oven. The pasta is delicious as well. It can get pretty busy during prime weekend dinner hours so I recommend a nice mid-week visit. Love, love.
5	Cibo is a pizza place that faithfully replicates the Italian experience of eating pizza. It is *not* a place that tries to do deep dish or thick(er) crusts like they do back in Chicago. Lou Malnati's will always rule the day in that department, with Gino's East running a close second (and Giordano's a close third!) But as far as straight-up Italian pizza is concerned, Cibo is as close as I've had since coming back from Naples.First, their pesto salad: Excellent. Fresh greens, intensely flavored tomatoes, and sheets upon sheets of parmaggiano reggiano, which one can never have too much of. The basil tasted fresh, the olive oil had character, and they didn't spare on the pine nuts.The pizza came soon after. We had the salsiccia con patate, a pizze bianche with potatoes, mozzarella and spicy sausage. Once again the ingredients were top notch and melded nicely, the sausage in particular having a great, complex flavor. The mozzarella melted perfectly and wasn't rubbery or greasy.Ah, but the crust. It was thin and slightly charred on the bottom, like it should be. The dough had some "give", and chewing through the toppings brought an interior that was soft and had excellent texture. It should take two hands to eat this pizza. Very well done.The interior of the restaurant can be loud, (very loud, depending on the intoxication of present company) and they're usually very busy. We had to wait 45 minutes for our table, and the weather outside was certainly threatening to pour at any moment (although it didn't). "Urban" also seems to have a different connotation, since the restaurant sure seems like it's in a low-density, suburban part of town (that happens to be a mile away from downtown Phoenix).But the wait was worth it, and I'm giving a thumbs up to Yelp for drawing me to an excellent pizzeria.
5	As I'm preparing to write this review, I'm experiencing flash backs of how delicious the food was, and I'm salivating as we speak....I recently visited Cibo while visiting my parents in Arizona. It was a recommendation by a colleague, and I had to share the experience with my lovely parents. Although there was a wait for sitting inside, we didn't mind, because we enjoyed a nice chilled glass of their House Chardonay. Although they said it would be a 20 minute wait, we were seated after 10 minutes. I loved the atmosphere, vibe and feel of Cibo. It's so cozy, and welcoming. On to the juicy stuff....the FOOD! We started with the Caprese Salad and Pesto Salad. They were both so amazingly delectable. The Caprese salad served it's purpose more than I imagined. The ginormous slices of fresh mozzarella were drizzled with a light olive oil, and accompanied by tomato slices and basil. It was served with some thinly sliced toast that the perfect compliment. On to the Pesto Salad! The Pesto dressing was phenomenal, and to be honst, I don't think I've had a pesto quite like this. It wasn't too thick, but complimented the bed of mixed greens, grape tomatoes, shaved parmigiano, pine nuts and roasted potatoes, perfectly!  For our entree's we ordered the Fughi Pizza, but added Spicy salame and Balsamic onions. I just went into dreamland thinking about how the pizza tasted when I took my first bite! Again, they had mounds of fresh mozzarella, mushrooms and a great tomato sauce. The addition of the balsamic onions and spicy salame took this pizza to a whole new level.  I love how thin the crust of the pizza was, which allowed you to enjoy the true beauty of their pizzas; the fresh cheese and sauce. I'm going to start a new paragraph just to describe how AMAZING the dessert was that we ordered. Since it was a belated Birthday dinner for my mother, we ordered a Crepe for dessert. It was filled with Mascarpone cheese, and my most favorite thing on earth, NUTELLA!! After all, life is much better with a spoonful of Nutella! It was dusted with powdered sugar, as well as melted chocolate sauce. We decided to forget all of our inhibitions, and added a nice scoop of vanilla ice cream. The warm crepe, accompanied by the ice cream, was delectably sinful! Before I give myself a heart attack describing the food any longer, I'm going to stop myself. Cibo is definitely a win/win situation. Two thumbs up all around! I can't wait to go back!!
4	Street parking is not fun, only a 15 minute wait for a table, the ambience was romantic, the antipasta and pizza was tasty and the customer services was fantastic!
5	This place was awesome! Always SO busy too. The pizza was amazing and the few glasses of wine made everything even better :)  We sat outside in May, though a little warm, it was still enjoyable. The small, candle lit tables and overall ambiance of Cibo makes it worth going back. I can't wait to go back when it's cooler out and maybe they'll have the outside fireplace burning. They also had live music that I didn't necessarily care for, a little cheesy, but it was live and that counts :)
5	so I started cosmetology school and each month we can go to the art museum and get extra hours for school and we now have officially incorporated cibo into our monthly art museum visit for school.  WE LOVE CIBO!!!!!  Everytime we go in everyone is amazing.  This last time in particular was just amazing, we got Matt as our server-he's amazing, he takes such great care of his guests and I was so excited to get to have him again, he's like a celebrity and doesn't eve know it.  Now that the weather is cooling off we sat outside, drank some wine, enjoyed lots of yummy food.  I love the funghi with salami and one of my friends got the calzone... bombdotcom :) of course we got dessert and again mind blowing!  See you all next month for some amazing food, service and atmosphere.  xxoo
4	Great Pizza!  Great Ambiance!  4 stars for service.  They are busy and popular causing them to be understaffed when I am there.  I think they are ready for a larger bar with more than 1 guy.  I felt like a bad guy as I crowded up to the bar and waited only 3-4 minutes to get the bar tender to get me a beer.  He was polite.  It is just that he was filling orders for the whole place.  To the owners of Cibo.  Build a 2nd bar for your busy nights, to make easy for your clients to get a drink.  I would have order a 2nd beer if didn't have to wait in that line....maybe an outdoor bar that is only stocked for your busy nights.
4	Love this place. Have been there once for lunch & couple of times for dinner. The last time I went was for a friends birthday & although they take reservations, they will not seat you until the entire party has arrived. It was a Saturday night & they were jam packed. We did mention once we were seated that we had tickets for a comedy show & were on somewhat of a time crunch. They took note & were able to get our meal to us promptly. Most of us shared pizzas & they were excellent! Real mozzarella, tasty red sauce & fresh ingredients. One of the girls had the wood board mixture of meats, cheeses, veggies & fruits. It was such a huge plate that it could have fed the entire table of 9 as a nice appetizer. Drinks were good but as mentioned in a previous post, they should consider having another bar open on busy nights. We felt like we were crowding some of the folks who were eating at the bar while we tried to order drinks before we were seated. Overall great place!
5	This was my first Yelp review, and now after visiting Cibo at least a dozen, I had to write a quick update to mention two very important things I didn't mention in my first review: Crepes and Limoncello. Yep, the Nutella crepes are magnificent. A perfect way to end a meal.... well that is unless you end it with the most awesome drink in the world: Limoncello.  Homemade and worth every last drop. It's an experience I won't soon forget. Also, I must mention another awesome waiter. No, not the Diane Lane look alike, but a just as memorable dude with prophetic tats and a zen-like, jedi-master spirit. Not only do you get great food at Cibo, you also get uber-friendly service. Rock on, Cibo, I can't wait for a dozen more visits!
5	A unique and interesting restaurant which embrases the charm of an old home and gives it a modern and urban touch.  This restaurant boasts a large variety of unique pizza combinations.  Our group of 14 tested 6 of these and all six were fabulous...leaving even the most non-adventerous food eaters in our group shocked that they enjoyed each one.  I'd highly recommend the the pizza with asian pears... it was fabulous!!
3	I met a friend for lunch. We sat on the patio since it's somewhat nice weather for Phoenix. It's sprinkling!!The waiter was a bit abrupt (unexpected) but polite. He seemed in a hurry, but it was empty. Who knows!We ordered sandwiches and were tasty. The house salad was very good. Will be back in the evening sometime.
3	Came here for dinner the other night with some friends who had been before. I love the look of this quaint little restaurant with it's twinkle lights decorating the tree stumps and greenery. I love their outdoor seating out front - it makes a great atmosphere. The staff were nice and fairly attentive. It's got a nice laid back vibe. We started off with a Caprese salad and I think that's why I rated this place just average. For me an Italian restaurant shouldn't ruin a caprese salad but this one was just not good. Something was seriously missing - maybe a little balsamic drizzle but it lacked all of the fresh flavors I was hoping for. The pizza I ordered on the other hand was so good. I was really bummed I couldn't bring the rest home (headed to a concert after dinner). It was the Di Norte and had a nice kick to it so you if you like a little spice in your life this is the thing to order. I would come back here again but it's not at the top of my list. Great if you want to sit outdoors and enjoy the nice temperature and good conversations.
5	Ok, I am a pizza perfectionado.  grew up in NYC where great pizza is one almost every street corner.  As of late I've developed a taste for the true taste of Neapolitana style (real italian pizza)...  I have become quite expert in making my own neapolitana style pizza at home too, but when I do eat pizza out Cibo's is my very favorite.  It is set in a converted bungalow for a very homey atmosphere.  The proprietors Tony and Karen Martingilio and their son Michael Krasner are the most gracious and caring hosts I've ever encountered.  Guido Saccone is the Italian born and trained pizzaiola.  He crafts fine neapolitano pies my favorites are the margherita and sausage.  They also have great salads, antipasta, and at lunch time great sandwiches on homemade bread.  If you still have room, defintely try one of the crepe and Nutella deserts.  My favorite is the one with bananas.  Cibo's also has a carriage room suitable for private parties and can hold up to 60 people.  Also on Tuesday and Wednesday they are offering pasta specials homemade and handcrafted by Chef Guido.  So for a great all around dining experience you should check it out!  Tell em Lloyd sent ya!
5	After having waited for 2-3 hours for the "privilege" of eating at Pizzeria Bianca (on more than one occasion), I am SO glad that a friend got me to try Cibo instead.The food is just as good (similar, rather limited menu, so make sure everyone in your party is up for pizza & salads & wine), but the wait to get seated is MUCH shorter and the patio setting is LOVELY. Even the indoor seats are preferable to Bianca's open room brick box. My husband and I get so excited for the cooler weather in Phoenix because we know that Cibo's patio is now an option for Date Night.Try the calzone and one of their great salads (i'm partial to the Omero but the Pear Salad is wonderful as well).A glass or two of the house Chianti makes it complete. Oh, if you have room, the Crepes are delicious--share them with someone you love for dessert.Service has always been attentive, but not overly friendly (it's not that kind of place).
4	While in town for a quick trip we stopped in to Cibo.  Thanks to Yelp we went to this quaint little off "off the beaten path" pizzeria.  At first dear husband and I were a little sad that there was no pizza on the lunch menu but reading the sandwich descriptions and seeing some plates on other diner's tables, we figured it was fate. My Alla Parmigiana - fried eggplant sandwich - was wonderful!  The thin crispy wood fire oven baked saltimbucco bread held the eggplant, mozzarella, parmigiana, tomato sauce and basil.  The flavors were the perfect combination of all things Italian.  Every bite was wonderful.  The house salad was the perfect pairing for a great lunch.  And we hope to get back to try the pizza soon!
3	I will preface this by saying that I went here a couple years ago for lunch and thought it was very good, which gave it an extra star over my true opinion of my dinner there last night.The BF and I went here before seeing Louis CK for our anniversary. We were seated right away, so that was nice, but it was like 5:45 so that isn't too shocking. We sat outside, which was nice and had pretty christmas lights on all of the trees. The waiter comes by after about 5 minutes and asks us for drinks or apps and we ordered the burrata as an app. The menu said it was topped with a balsamic glaze, which sounded wonderful. We were also ready to order our pizza but the waiter disappeared immediately after taking our app order. So we wait. and wait. and wait. And I swear it felt like it was a half hour, but it was probably more like 10-15 minutes later (we were super hungry) the waiter came back to take our pizza order. We ordered the La Noce and he left. Well.... we waited some more. Finally got our burrata and it was a mess. Two giant globs of cheese with the lightest drizzle of balsamic dressing (not vinegar, because there is no way this weak stuff was straight up vinegar) surrounded by bread and prosciutto. It was large, so I'll give them that.... but too large in my opinion, because there isn't enough bread for the toppings. The burrata was good, creamy.... but it didn't taste like balsamic at all, which was the most appealing part of the app. The prosciutto was alright... it didn't have a ton of flavor, but it was fine. The bread had a burnt flavor... not my fave. Then we wait about 20 minutes.... waiter did not check on us.... Finally get the pizza. The pizza was good. That was the redeeming item of the night. It had arugula, walnut, ricotta, and mozz. It was a tasty combination. Now, the whole time we were there, there was a table of about 6-8 extremely loud, drunk, possibly old sorority girls sitting near us. All we could hear is their conversation, so much so, that we knew one girl was named rochelle and one was Tina and one had been divorced for 4 years and they had a friend named Lori who was just sooo crazy among many other details that we should not have gathered from sitting in their proximity, which obviously puts a damper on the experience. The waiter was so occupied with them, that we felt forgotten about all night. He was not attentive, he did not ask how things were, and he disappeared for long periods of time to go do who knows what for this other table (they had a bunch of ridiculous requests like splitting the bill 6-8 ways when the menu says they don't do that... hmmm). We sat down at 5:45 and barely got out of there around 7 to make it to our show (we were walking). So the experience wasn't a good one, BUT I would be willing to try it again, as I did have a very nice lunch there a few years ago.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! I have had Pizzeria Bianco and really feel like this was better!!!! The service was excellent and that wait was not bad at all.  I love taking people who haven't been here!!!!Look forward to eating here each and every time!!!
5	THE BEST AUTHENTIC ITALIAN IN ARIZONA - do not accept substitutes. This is real authentic cuisine. Not NY family style. Not North Jersey/Sopranos style. Genuine old country Italian with ingredients flown in from the boot daily. I recommend the tuna nicoise salad with pine nuts for lunch and every pizza on the menu is better than the next for dinner. Dessert? Try and find a better alternative to the Nutella creeps. If you prefer eating at that "other" place that competes with Cibo, you probably think Del Taco makes really great  authentic Mexican food.
5	the perfect spot for a lunch meeting - close to the city center but away from the hustle and bustle.  the quiet outside patio is nice for a breath of fresh air before returning to the recirculated air of your office tower.the lunch menu is affordable and delicious!  i highly recommend the eggplant parm or meatball sandwiches with the house salad! (if you are dining with a friend, try ordering both and sharing half/half on the sandwiches)the pizza and antipasto on the evening menu is top notch as well!  a great spot for casual group dinners or an intimate dinner for two. love this place!
4	absolutely love this little gem tucked away in a converted brick home in downtown Phoenix.  Sat at the bar and ordered a salad and pizza and was blown away by both.  The pizza has a crust that reminds me of a crustier version of naan with a tasty sauce (not too much) and salami/mozzarella.  Great patio when the weather is nice and cozy atmosphere inside.  Two thumbs enthusiastically up!
4	Very nice atmosphere, especially outside.  Pizza was quite good, so was desert.
4	Damn good food. friendly service. And not too expensive either. I will return
4	Okay, the only reason I'm not giving this place a complete 5 star is because of the I'm too good to be serving you waitress we got... I think she forgot she makes tips for a living or maybe she is rich and just works for the hell of it... either way, the food is fantastic and if you can avoid the brown hair girl medium length-  tall girl, your experience should be fantastic... love the way is all set up.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Phoenix. The pizza is wonderful, the pesto salad is absolutely amazing, and the fresh fruit crepe is delicious. They have a great patio and I've never had bad service here even on busy nights. The servers always remember my husband and me even though we don't go more than once every few months.
5	After a year of debating whether to make the drive downtown for this place, I am happy to say that I finally did. I'm sorry it wasn't sooner.When you approach the entrance, you get a good feeling, unlike the rest of the overly bright, pretentious, ubiquitous strip-mall restaurants around the valley. No, this is a house, surrounded by other houses in a real neighborhood - so the setting is beautiful.Now the food:We started with the bruschetta. Outstanding. I think while we were eating it our eyes were rolling back in our head! I had a Lagunitas IPA, it's nice to see they have a good IPA to complement their Fatta in Casa cuisine. We move along to the infamous pizza (though the pasta specials were tantalizing - but had to try the pizza since it's my first time here). We ordered the Diavola with ricotta cheese. This pizza took me back to Trastevere in Rome. Crust was tasty, browned with a slight char, but not too much. Sauce was fresh but not watery, and the cheese was delicious. And though we were both full after a couple of pieces, we could not stop eating it.Of course we had to try the dessert ( Nutella desserts will always be a winner). We split the Nutella Crepe and each had a cappuccino - and no dirty looks from the waiter when ordering a cappuccino after dinner in America! Delicious, a great way to end the evening.I will travel from Chandler to Cibo any night of the week because this is a place that does it right. I almost never give 5 stars on a first time visit, but this wasn't a "lucky" night. Everything was top quality with genuine care and love put into it and that was quite evident. Bravo!Grazie mille per una bella notte! Ci vediamo presto!
4	Just ate at Cibo for lunch. Delicious. The only reason I didn't give a 5-star was the fact that pizza wasn't on the menu for lunch. But when one door closes another opens. The food was top-notch and satisfying. Needless to say, I will be going back for dinner soon to to get the rating to a 5-star.
4	Cibo doesn't appear to need my review, since they have a lot of fans here and other places.  This is a good lunch spot if you can get there early enough to avoid a wait.  The patio is particularly nice when the weather permits.  I work about five blocks from here and I've only been there for lunch.  I've wanted to try dinner but something about coming all the way back downtown after I've driven home to Gilbert just doesn't appeal.  Maybe on a day off sometime.  The food is great.  I like the speck sandwich.  Speck, for the uninitiated, is just another kind of cured ham like prosciutto.  The bread is always perfectly toasted.  Currently they offer as sides a salad, fruit, or chips.  An orzo salad, a la Carly's, would be a nice addition.
5	We went there several times in the past including lunch and dinner. The sandwich for lunch is great, but the pizza and desserts for dinner is my favorite!! Romantic atmosphere, great for couple and family. Definitely the best pizza I ever had in Phoenix!
4	I'm from New York, so you can bet the firs thing I asked everyone when I moved to Phoenix was "where should I get some good pizza?"  Everyone responded "Pizzeria Bianco!," but a few wise ones told me to avoid the crazy wait and check out Cibo.  Still haven't made it to Bianco, but why bother?  I've been to Cibo 3 times in the past few months and wouldn't have it any other way.The service has always been spectacular.  There's a good selection of beer and wine, and an almost impossible-to-choose-from selection of pizzas.  We're not talking New York thin-slice sauce-and-cheese, we're talking locally sourced ingredients and artful combination.  Perfect crust topped with the perfect combination of delicious meats, cheeses, and veggies galore.Your least favorite part of the meal will definitely be trying to pronounce the names of the pizzas.  Your favorite part of the meal might be the pizza, or it might be the ambiance (hard to decide between the cozy outside with live music and fire pit or the quaint inside that boasts everything downtown Phoenix is good at).  Go with a group of friends and stay a while.
5	Great food. Great ambiance. Great for a night date on the patio. I can't wait to go again.
1	For the past year and a half, it seems like every article, TV program, and person I know who raves about pizza in Downtown Phoenix that isn't at Bianco has been telling me that I must try Cibo.  "It's amazing! The food is fantastic! The service is wonderful! They're so friendly there!" they all cry with passion.After my experience tonight, the only things I can think of are either (1) I somehow entered a parallel universe around that block and entered a different Cibo, kind of like that episode of "Star Trek," or (2) every one of those sources from my first paragraph is full of beans.  Given that no one working in the restaurant had the necessary Evil Spock-esque goatee, I'm going to assume the latter.  Lest you think I'm being too negative about this place, let me say this: Cibo is definitely a place that serves food.We (there were three of us) came in at 6:45 on a Friday and were able to get a seat within 5 minutes, even though the patio and inside were both packed - score!  It was a table tucked away in a corner, which we felt would be good for keeping ambient noise to a minimum,After scoping out some of the food at the other tables, it was determined that a shared appetizer and two pizzas should have been enough for the three of us.  We chose the Schiacciata Maremma, which, besides being impossible for me to pronounce, was described as a roasted vegetable on focaccia-type sandwich, and the margherita (traditional) and funghi (mushroom) pizzas.The sandwich came first, and we thought that the order may have been put in wrong.  While it was definitely two pieces of bread (that looked and tasted nothing like any focaccia that I've ever had, and not in the good way) with stuff in the middle, it seemed to be missing half of the ingredients.  Billed as being filled with "mozzarella, roasted bell peppers, eggplant and zucchini," we discovered that there was neither eggplant or zucchini anywhere to be found.  Additionally, the whole sandwich was cold, depriving us of gooey, melted mozzarella-y goodness.  We would have complained to our waitress, but she had disappeared, deciding early on to abandon our table after taking our order, serving every other table in the section except for ours.When the pizzas came (brought by a different waitress), things looked up.  THIS is what Cibo is known for, right?  Quality pizza with fresh ingredients!  Tasty, simple pizza.  Maybe it was a bit TOO simple.The margherita pizza was a disaster.  The sauce was thin and runny, tasting like the tomato water left over from the can after the tomatoes were used to make the actual pizza sauce, with a lot of salt added in to attempt to cover for the lack of actual spices and seasoning.  The basil was haphazardly thrown on top, most of it still attached to one sprig.  I suppose that if Cibo was billed as an interactive cooking and eating experience, I might have appreciated that a bit more.  After the first slice was eaten, I figured that maybe I had grabbed a bad one (which can happen sometimes with pizzas), so I tried a different slice from the other side of the pie.  It was cold already, and quite soggy.  Since Cibo makes their pizzas with those "brick oven blisters" on 'em, this means that the remaining slices all had that watery charcoal flavor that tastes like the cooled-down grill you licked on a dare while drunk last Memorial Day.The funghi pizza was passable.  The mushrooms did a good job of hiding a lot of the issues (mainly the sauce) that the margherita pizza had.  It too, however, decided that it should freeze up like the surface of Hoth (sans tauntaun innards) after the first slices were taken.Fifteen minutes after we'd decided that we were done eating soggy pizza, our server decided to stop by our table again.  After all, the folks who were seated ten minutes after we were had completed their dessert, so she realized that she should probably see how our meal was going.  Drinks that had sat un-refilled since our appetizer was served were topped off without warning, and she walked away again, our napkin-covered plates still waiting to be picked up.  "Do you want any dessert..." she muttered in an almost muted tone after a different waitress cleared our table.  We said no and asked for the check.  Seven minutes later, she remembered to bring over the check.We paid in cash and got the heck out of Dodge, wondering how so many people could have led us wrong, how the place stayed so busy, and if maybe, our taste buds had betrayed us.  After all, the denizens of the Arizona Republic, Yelp, and even "Check Please! Arizona" had vouched for this place, to say nothing of our friends and work acquaintances.  We decided that there's a massive conspiracy going on, and Cibo has either paid you all off, or laces their food with hypnotic suggestion drugs to which we are somehow impervious.The food is bad. The service is awful. Stay away.
4	Late night running around Phoenix wanted to get meal and found this place still buzzing late night.  We stopped in, it was a little cool, so we sat inside, and service was excellent.  We started with an Antipasto Speciale - a mixed dish with prosciutto crudo,bresaola with arugula and parmigiano, roasted red peppers with blackolives and capers, Cipolle di Rosa, fresh mozzarella and grape tomatoes served with a fantasy of olives.  This was one of the best antipasto dishes, we fought over who got the last bite.Next we ordered a pizza, my husband had done his homework and read the reviews, so we decided to try the Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola, mozzarella and spicy salame, thin crust, good texture, flavors were different, we ate it all.And finally for desert we had to try the neutela crepes, we got two, a warm crepe filled with nutella and sprinkled with powdered sugar and chocolate sauce and the Nutella and Banana - a warm crepe filled with nutella and sliced banana, topped with powdered sugar and chocolate sauce.  These were a great end to a good meal.
4	This is a great quasi-Italian pizzeria.  They have spectacular wood-fired pizzas with high quality ingredients.  We had the burrata to start with and it was great.  A huge portion at a reasonable price.I had the tartufata pizza.  I loved the white truffle oil.  It would have been great to have porcini mushrooms rather than cremini mushrooms, but it was great nonetheless.We also had the calzone and vegetarian pizzas.  They were also very good.The limoncello wasn't great -- they use Everclear which is too harsh of a liquor.They have a great selection of wines.  Good values and less common finds in the US.Our server was very good, it was very busy, so he wasn't always right there, but made sure that we were always taken care of and the food came out on time and hot.
2	Dinner with relatives - six adults.  Had reservations at 5 pm and were seated promptly.  Then our waiter spent 15 minutes detailing every pizza on the menu...duh, like we couldn't read them for ourselves.  He fawned over the menu until we were sick of him and just wanted to order.  First came our salads, which he insisted we get.  All I can say is yuk.  They just were weird and not that good for the price.Then he disappeared.  Two non-english speaking girls brought our pizzas, but wouldn't take our six dirty salad plates and utensils.  What fun it is to eat your main course with dirty dishes all over the table.  Our waiter had GUARANTEED us that the pizzas would be the best we had ever eaten.  Meh.  I've had better at NYPD Pizza.  But what really ticked me off is that we could get no refills on beverages, no dirty dishes cleared, and nobody would get me a clean fork to eat my calzone.  For this price I think I'm entitled to a clean utensil.  Yes, the menu states that parties 6 or more will have gratuity automatically added.  I'm cool with that, except that at Cibo's that means "after we take your order we don't have to offer you any more service, and we still get our 20%."I'd never go back.  Just wasn't worth the $$.
5	Great pizza and nutella cepes.
5	Great pizza, great service, I have been there many times and always walked away having a great experience.
2	I came to this place with a friend, who raves about this place so I was excited to finally try it after all the hype that is was given on behalf of my friend. Sadly to say, I have had better pizza at a similar type restaurant to Cibo. The pizza that I had was soggy and had no flavor. I was very disappointed and do not believe that pizza should be eaten with a knife and fork. The only thing I liked was the dessert, which was the nutella crepe. I will never come pack here and stick to my favorite urban pizzaria, which is La Bocca in Tempe.
4	Amazing specialty pizzas, great ambiance. The outdoor patio is gorgeous. The prosciutto pizza is to die for.
5	LOVE this place.  Food is always good, ambiance is better (especially on the patio at night).  Prices are very fair.
4	I'm very lucky to live right across the street from here. I think this is the local favorite when it comes to Napolentana style pizza. Bianco can stay with the tourists. I love coming home from work and smelling the wood burning from the brick oven, walking over and having an expresso at the bar or finishing the meal with an amazing limoncello. The staff are great people and the ambiance is second to none. The gnocchi is on special on Tuesdays and is absolutely to die for. Great and impressive date night.  And they have a pet!
4	Cibo hits all the right spots! Their pizza is some of the best I've had in the Valley- chewy, tender crust with that wood-fired taste and it's obvious that all of the toppings are high quality. Luckily I came here on a night when they were serving up handmade pasta and got to try the Orecchiette Bolognese which was delicious all around, perfectly sauced, and came with a small side salad. The portion was a bit small which was a tad disappointing for the $14ish price.We rounded up the meal with the Banana Nutella Crepe with Ice Cream...the perfectly sweet way to end the meal! Cibo has a gorgeous patio space and live music on some nights. It was a bit chilly but there were ample heaters to keep us comfortable during our meal.The service was a bit spotty and our waitress wasn't very sincere and seemed rushed, which was a bit irritating, but the food made up for that and that's why Cibo gets 4 stars in my book.  Will definitely be returning!
4	Excellent food and staff.  Food is fresh, can take a little time, but well worth the wait. Good wine list with some descent options.
5	The best crepe in town!!!Even though the sign on the DOOR does not make sense but I still gave 5 stars.The sign told us to get to the DOOR to get the table. We were in front of the door and noone help us. Until we figured out that we had to actually go through the DOOR to get inside to get the table.
4	Cibo is a great spot for pizza and ambiance.Like many successful places, sometimes service takes a hit- when it gets busy at peak times. One weak link is a male server who consistently spaces out and gets orders wrong. I am a fan of people who don't need to write down the order, but then when you get multiple things wrong- it's not so bueno. Luckily the food is so good, it eclipses occasional sub-par service.I recommend the Diavola pizza with anti-pasta to start. Enjoy.
4	4/5 solid. not gonna add any more, since there are already so many rave reviews.
4	I've had many excellent dinners at Cibo, and tonight's was no exception.  We started with the Antipasto Speciale, which was extraordinarily fresh and flavorful.  Likewise, the Capricciosa pizza was delicious... no complaints whatsoever about the food.  I've never had an appetizer or a pizza at Cibo that I didn't thoroughly enjoy.The experience is normally quite pleasant as well -- tonight, we were greeted very courteously by one of the owners and seated shortly thereafter.  Our service was rather lackluster and inattentive, but this fortunately doesn't seem to be a normal occurrence.  I look forward to visiting Cibo again upon my next visit to Phoenix, hopefully to try their new weekend breakfast!
5	What to say that hasn't been said? My husband and I visited Cibo by chance. We had driven by about a year before while we were kind of lost downtown, and said "that place is really busy, we'll have to try it some time." I am SO happy that we did tonight. We were seated promptly outside tucked in the corner. It's December, so you would think we would be chilly, we kept our jackets on during dinner but there are plenty of heaters surrounding the outside tables, so we were kept warm. The ambiance is beautiful, the outside tables are lit how you wish every restaurant you visit would be.   I had the green tea, real tea, nothing that they bring you in a bag, but they actually pour the hot water over the real tea leaves, it was very good. My husband said the coffee was rather good as well. As an appetizer we split the pear salad: Spinach, vinaigrette, almonds, cheese, pears and honey. I'm not horribly adventurous when it comes to mealtime so I was nervous, but it was so good. I'd say 1 pizza can heartily feed 2 people, but we opted for separate ones to try anyway. I had the Salsiccia (sausage, mozzarella, and red sauce), while my husband opted for the Salsiccia con Patate (sausage, roasted potatoes). The crust is soft and chewy, not overdone like so many places. His was a bit drier than mine, no sauce, but both were still good and we walked away with a whole pizza left over between the two of us, yummy yummy left overs! The Dessert: All we could say was "Oh My!" We had the Fresca Crepe. A delicious crepe filled with vanilla ice cream and fruit, topped with whipped cream and more fruit. Fresh peaches, kiwi, and strawberries. We had the Nutella on the side but it was quite good drizzled on top. I'd go back for the dessert alone!Our server, James, was very polite and there was one girl going around always asking people if they needed more water. I never felt neglected by the waitstaff and it is Friday night after all. Overall, I have to say this is a favorite thus far!
5	I believe that everyone who loves pizza should visit this place. Cibo is famous for their Italian foods but their pizza is the best in town. I've been here a lot of times and they never failed to satisfy me. I love pizza. Want pizza? Go to Cibo now!
5	I love, love, love Cibo! I know it has tons of great reviews but I feel it is time to add my own. In my opinion Cibo is better than Pizzeria Bianco and way less wait. This is a great place for sharing. My favorite night at Cibo goes like this...The delicious pesto salad. ( I am not usually a big salad person but this one is quite interesting.)Then on to the pizza. I generally get the margherita pizza but had the diavola the other day and now I am hooked.For desert all of the crepes are amazing.And if you've never had limoncello I highly recommend you try it!And of course you can always share a bottle of wine for dinner. Great food, reasonable prices and beautiful patio!
5	Two words: WORTH IT.Unlike some other wood fire joints in town, this one lives up to the hype.Every pie Ive had there has been delicious. Great, fresh ingredients, good sauces.We always bring people from out of town here and they love it.Good local beer and wine selection. Kitchy, cozy atmosphere. Oh and did I mention the dessert crepes? Wonderful. Any of them it doesnt matter: chocolate, strawberries, bananas, Nutella...... seriously theyre amazing.*We* always seem to beat the rush, but its worth the wait.
3	Was craving pizza and this was my last night in Phoenix. Yelped nearby restaurants and this one caught my eye. I love wood oven pizzas and dessert crepes and having both in one place was a dream come true. Went with my neice, who lives nearby and had never been here. The restaurant is in a great space though the location is a bit odd. This combination, for me, adds to it's appeal. The place was packed but we had a very short wait. By the time we left, there was quite a crowd gathered outside.We started with caprese salad with homemade mozzarella. The texture of the cheese was spectacular and the tomatoes were good but not great. Perhaps that's because I'm from California, home of the sweetest tomatoes around. We decided to order two pizzas, one with red sauce and one with white because it all sounded and looked so good. We ordered the capprioso and the white pizza with pear (can't remember the actual name) The crust was the key. I'm giving Cibo 4 stars because the actual flavors of the toppings and sauce on the pizza are not as flavorful as I expected and not as bold as I like. Everything was very mellow. But man, the crust rocked my world. I might try some other toppings that have a stronger taste to see if they are better but what we picked was on the border of bland. The true highlight of the mean was the dessert crepe we ordered. We ordered two pizzas and one crepe but we should have ordered one pizza and two crepes. True, we got nutella in the crepe which is a gimme in terms of tastiness but we added strawberries and whipped cream which took it over the top. The crepe itself was light, airy and just melt in your mouth good. I thought about giving Cibo 4 stars but I just couldn't do it. I wanted to love everything about this place but I just didn't. When the best flavor I had was nutella, you know there's a slight the problem. I honeslty wasn't impressed with the toppings and the flavor and the quality of the pizza sauce but the crust won me over. I would definitely come back for both the atmosphere and the food and perhaps a different pizza would be better. The servers ran around and seemed to work hard though the food came out slower than I expected and the wait staff, while flying around and by often, wasn't actually attentive. If ever in Phoneix again, I look forward to trying more things on this menu but until then, I can only say it's good but not great and certainly did not blow my socks off.
5	Simple scrumptious. I love Cibo. I've been there for lunch a couple of time and the best thing is the dough. The sandwiches are so good. I recently went there for dinner. We sat outside and  there were plenty of heaters to keep you warm. It was nice because there was live music and the atmosphere was lovely. The pizza is my favorite. I think it's way better that Pizza Bianco. The selection is far greater, the staff is friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is welcoming. I love that the outside dining area is smoke-free. This is one of my favorite places to go. The crepes are amazing. We ordered the banana & nutella crepe and added strawberries on top. This is the kind of place where you can enjoy yourself and relax. You don't feel rushed to leave.
4	It took me way too long to make it here.  Many years ago I was at an event where Cibo was sampling food along with many other restaurants.  They were hands down the best food I had at that event.  I took their information and planned to go there for a full meal and never did.  I am so disappointed in myself that it took so long to get here.  I took my boss here for lunch on a beautiful Phoenix day.  It would have been great to eat outside, but we opted for inside instead.  It's an old downtown house converted, like so many awesome places downtown, into a restaurant.  It's cozy and unpretentious.  A+ for atmosphere.Just an fyi, during lunch, pizza is not served.  That just means I have to come back for dinner.  (Hopefully it won't take me another 5 years to do that).  At lunch, their delicious sandwiches and salads are available.  If you're not with your boss, you can also get a glass of pinot noir or chardonnay for $3.  I got a delicious lemonade and found a breakfast sandwich on the menu:  eggs, spinach, and ricotta on wood fired bread.  So good.  I got the fruit salad as my side which was yogurt, granola, and fruit.  My lunch ended up being two items I make myself for breakfast all the time, but elevated to gourmet deliciousness.  I can only strive to make my breakfast or lunch this great.  My boss got the pastrami sandwich and fruit salad and thanked me for bringing me here.Looking at the reviews, I need to come back for dinner, brunch, and dessert.  I can't wait and definitely won't.
3	Cute venue and service was okay, not stellar but not the worst.Started off with Antipasta plate: too much shallots, not enough cheese & olives, which is the whole point of antipastas, right??Capriossa pizza: ok, but the crust was soggy and the ingredients weren't carefully placed so some slices had nothing but red sauce. Crepe: The ONLY reason this was a 3 and not 2 star review was the crepe. It was delicious. We had strawberries & nutella with a side of ice cream.
4	Got the caprese (can't go wrong)...so good!  The bread was divine.  Great tomato to cheese to basil ratio.  (very important!).  Slightly disappointed they didn't serve pizza over lunch...can't wait to try the pizza.
5	For the love of Jesus! I went here with miss Dottsy Z for our girls date night and omg this place is fantastic! I have been here one other time 6 years ago on a blind date and had forgotten just how good the food was. We started off with the ever popular Burrata, which is- fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with a balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crudo and toasted bread. From what I understand it is goats milk cheese that is flown in fresh daily and they have limited quantities. To say this is like butter is an understatement. It was delicious!!!!! Next I ordered the Rustica which is mozzarella, topped with prosciutto crudo and arugula after pizza is cooked. It took everything in me not to eat the entire damn pizza. Dottsy ordered the Prosciutto Crudo which is similar except hers has red sauce and no arugula. My goodness. I am still shaking my head and kicking myself for giving Dottsy all the leftovers. What in the world was I thinking? I will be back again very soon and not wait 6 years for another visit.
4	Very good pizza! It had a great selection of pizzas and appetizers. We would love to try their pasta nights sometime soon! Food came out fast, and the place was clean. Love the ambiance of the place and that it is a converted historic home in downtoan Phoenix. Definitely try it out!
2	Been here once before and enjoyed it so took friends Frid. night (Jan. 20th).  One of the friends has Celiac's Disease and therefore must eat a gluton-free diet, which I inquired about the previous night I was there.  I called ahead to confirm their gluton-free menu and a very snotty girl informed me they "could make anything on their menu gluton-free" and they "did not take reservations."  We arrived at 7PM and were told of a 30 min. wait; 1 hr. later we were seated.  Another 10 mins. and a waitress asked about drinks and we ordered a bottle of wine and menus.  Another 15 mins. later our wine was brought and immediately opened, and when we asked about the gluton-free menu again, the waitress told us "Oh, unfortunately we're all out of our gluton-free dough.  In fact two people before you just asked and couldn't get any."  She stared at us expecting to order something else, to which my friend said "it's not like it's a diet I'm on, it's a lifestyle.  I can't eat anything then."  So after all that we walked out, drove to La Grande Orange on 40th St. & Camelback (known for it's fantastic gluton-free pizzas) and had a wonderful time. Note to Cibo:  for a restaurant that RUDELY tells you they can make anything gluton-free, and at $15 to $16 for a small pizza, you'd think you would make enough dough that you could afford to throw some out rather than run short on a weekend night!
5	Pretty much you could not make this place any better unless you could make it bigger, which I have heard rumored might be happening.The atmosphere is perfect - a charming old house and great patio.  We once went with a group of 28 and had dinner on the patio and it was perfect.Food Suggestions - the Antipasto platter - it is a must, the best in PhxThe pizzas are also great and I have heard the crepes as well, but I myself and not a huge crepe fan, so have not tried them out.If you don't live in the downtown area and are headed down for a sporting or cultural event, this should be your first stop.Only issue would be parking - its a really small lot, but you can usually snag a spot on the street pretty easy.
5	Had our first visit to cibo last night. It is in a charming house in down town phoenix. Fabulous atmosphere! Warm, inviting, very unrestaurant like. Our waiter made some excellent wine reccomendations. We started with the Burrata. This was amazing....so simple yet so delicious. Two giant scoops of this mild, creamy cheese drizzled with balsamic, served with toasted bread and proscutto. Creamy, crunchy, salty....so perfect. We ordered two pizzas and a calzone. The names of the pizzas escape me, but one had sausage and potato, the other red sauce and walnuts and the calzone was filles with meats. Everything was simply divine. I love food that is simple, made with quality stuff. That is exactly wht we got. The crust is thin, chewy and has the char spots expected with woodfired pizza. I can not wait to come back to try something else!
3	Absolutely loved the food, cannot put to words how good the soup, pizza, and wine was. Excellent, fresh tasting products used in their pizza. My only problem was the server was slow, seemed like he didn't know the menu well, and took roughly five minutes to open the bottle of wine. Service aside, this place has AMAZING pizza!
5	Best dinner ever... well maybe not ever but its in the top 10!
5	When Oprah came to Phoenix, I think she misquoted the Best Pizza in America. Cibo is definitely the best Pizza in Phoenix. Once you eat the Tartufata is one of the best. How can you beat a white pizza with truffle oil? I think that this is where other Pizza Joint owner eat too.
5	Took Travis here for one of our first dates and just LOVE Cibo.  It's situated in a home from 1913 and has colored lights wrapped all around the trees.  You can either sit inside or on the gorgeous patio.  Brick oven pizza and cheese plates offered here and it's definitely a place for a cool date.
5	cibo met some kind of pizza ideal that had never been articulated in words for me.  the crust was thin, but not as thin as pizzeria bianco. the portions of cheese were slightly more generous than those of pomo and bianco. the red sauce was just slightly sweet and seasoned perfectly. my favorite pizza, though, was a white pizza, the genova, with pesto as the sauce, mozzarrella, parmesan, onions, and potatoes. perfect. this is the type of pizza, if it were healthier to eat such a thing every day, i would be eating 7 nights a week. i think adding ricotta cheese would make it even better, like it did for one of the red pizzas we tried, as cibo's ricotta has a pleasant nutty flavor. i can't count the places where i've added ricotta to a pizza and it had absolutely no flavor whatsoever, but not at cibo.tried a salad, too, which was fresh though heavy on the vinegar in the dressing. also tried the bruschetta. the bread was good, but not as good as that of lamp pizzeria in north scottsdale, or second runner up ( bread-wise), pizzeria bianco. the bruschetta comes in a gigantic portion. three large, thick slices of bread split in half. one with buffalo mozzarella and a meat that looked like proscuitto (didn't try that one), one slice with grape tomatoes and basil (awkward to eat because the halved grape tomatoes are small and kept falling off), one with a cannellini bean and eggplant spread. this antipasti alone is very filling and i regret eating so much of it (especially the savory cannellini bruschetta) before the perfect pizzas arrived.i can't wait to go back and try some more antipasti and pizzas at cibo. a cute place, an appealing menu well executed.
5	Now serving breakfast and Cibo offers the perfect alfresco experience. I've always loved the front portion of the property and today we enjoyed perfect weather and an amazing meal.  I want to move in!We both started with a cocktail, I had the Bellini and we looked over the menu and both decided on the Fritatta Melfitana, an egg omelet filled with Schreiner's sausage, mozzarella cheese, Schreiner's bacon and topped with grated Pecorino Romano and chives.  Our dish came with roasted potatoes with chives, toasted bread, marmalades and a side fruit parfait. The price point is just a tad higher than most places BUT the quality, taste and presentation make it well worth the extra change.  I posted a pic, yeah...THAT GOOD!
5	So fantastic for lunch. Save room for dessert. The crepes are awesome.
4	Always a great meal. Can be a bit slow sometimes, but it was definitely worth the wait.  I wish this place would enlarge their kitchen and start producing more italian items other than pizza.  We need an excellent all around italian restaurant downtown.  You won't be disappointed in the pizza, ambiance or service here though.
5	Finally got around to visiting Cibo last night...and didn't realize what I was missing. My advice: Just GO! Everything you are reading is true! This place really is as good as it gets. The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is charming and service is great. Yes, I could nit-pick about some of the minor details (you know how I am!), but the overall experience can't be beat. Just GO!!
5	Amazing experience.  My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary dinner and it was amazing.  The food was authentic and delicious- best Italian food I've had in the Phoenix area- maybe in the U.S. The ambience was great, we sat outside under a tree with lights all over it. Very romantic setting. We had a bottle of wine on the waiter's suggestion, It was a cab, I don't remember the name, but it paired very well with our meal. We started with the burrata which was so fresh-- to die for. We each got a pizza and shared them, and then we finished it off with a Nutella crepe.  Needless to say we had to be rolled out, but it was amazing and I will definitely be back soon!
5	Great italian food.  Fresh, home made pasta.  Great Pizzas.  Real italian flavor, not americanized.  One of the best pizza places I've been to in the country.Also worth noting that this restaurant is actually an old home that was re-purposed.  The have several rooms inside which each accommodate an individual group.  However, when the weather is nice, the "front yard" is the place to enjoy your wonderful meal.
5	Can't say enough good things about CiBO! I loved the atmosphere, the pizza was delicious (nice crispy crust with a wood fired flavor, premium toppings) and service was great. We ordered the grilled veggie plate appetizer, and though I wished it was served hot and not slightly on the cold side, it was surprisingly delicious. The drizzle of balsamic totally made the dish! Spring for the extra $2 for the balsamic onions on your pizza, you won't be disappointed (and I don't even like onions)!
5	I visited this dainty little restaurant on what looks to be a not-so-nice area of Phoenix built into a house with an adorable front seating area while visiting family in AZ.  My friends were raving about this place while we sat at Gino's East in Chicago dining on what I like to think as some of the finest pizza around.  So for someone to suggest there was good pizza, in Arizona, I had to see it to believe it.  The inside is literally the front of a house with a bar area immediately to your right, a table for a large group set front and center, with the kitchen behind it, and bathrooms that in any other setting someone would have viewed the cracked toilet seat and floor tiles as grotesque, but here, the added bouquet of flowers and wall mirror made for a rustic, inside-someone's-personal-house, geriatric feel.  We sat outside, as the temperature had cooled down to a manageable, sunless 90 degrees and my friend's fiance was meeting up with us with her puppy (yes it's dog friendly). The outside patio was separated into two areas with the main walkway down the middle.  The floor was made up of mismatched bricks, some jutting up, with small two to four seat, wrought iron tables strategically placed around the center where a tree was unruly growing out of the brick and mud.  They had decorated it with a string of white lights which gave the atmosphere of the perfect place for a date. Everything at Cibo is cooked in their fire-grill oven, and they mostly have wine with a few specialty beers brought to you by a rather odd waiter.  We first ordered an appetizer of Schiacciata Maremma, half without eggplant and our little sandwiches came with just enough time to gobble them up before my friend's fiance arrived and even knew we ordered.  The crunch of the bread from the wood-fired oven with the melted cheese holding the vegetables in was the perfect start to a fantastic meal.  We then ordered pizzas, the Pizza Rosse Vegetariana and I believe my friend had the Di Notte pizza, adding potatoes.  The crust was thin and had just the right amount of crisp, but still strong enough to hold the massive amount of toppings.  I wouldn't compare it to Gino's East, but overall, it was a pretty good, healthy pizza.  It felt almost homemade.  We finished the meal off with a nutella and strawberry crepe which was to DIE for.  There are few restaurant chef's that seem to make a crepe the correct way, thin, less like a pancake, and still strong enough to hold together your ingredients. They managed to get the crepe and ingredients just right and we walked away extremely full and satisfied.  Not before her 3 month old puppy went to sit on the neighboring tables lap after they picked her up.  An extremely chill, relaxing atmosphere.  I highly recommend finding this Phoenix gem while you are in town.
5	Delicious pizza. I tried the Margherita and La Noce (tomato sauce, mozzarella and ricotta, topped with arugula and walnuts after pizza is cooked). Totally amazing. We were there for a wedding rehearsal dinner and they have this amazing house in the back they sat our party in. Perfect.
5	Spicy pep pep pizza, nutella crepe with ice cream and banana or strawberry, glass of wine, get you right in the head in the '97 sucker. Cannot vouch for anything else on their menu.
5	I hate to give this place a great review...It's already hard enough to get a table! But it is flawless. Honestly, I cannot think of one thing that I would change about the atmosphere, service or the food. The sandwiches at lunch are absolutely incredible, they actually bake the bread for each order, then assemble your sandwich (name one other restaurant that does that). I really try to give good feedback on Yelp, but this place is flawless.That being said, don't go into it expecting it to be flawless- you're always disappointed when you do that (like an over-hyped movie). Expect it to be a solid "8," and it will blow your mind. That's good advice that you can use in life ;-)
4	I have always thought of Cibo as a perfectly fine establishment - but it is the bunch they serve on weekends that really won me over!  Their brunch menu conists of many egg (frittata) dishes, some crepes, and a few breakfast-style sandwiches.  Every item seemed to come with several side dishes and Nutella is always an option for your toast!! They don't have many vegetarian dishes, but what they do have they cook to perfection.  The thing that really gets my panties in a knot is that they charge $6.50 for a mimosa!  How is a girl supposed to nicely toasty before noon at that price?! Take note that you can order an entire glass of wine for a mere $6.
5	Cibo is another of those hidden gems that you would probably never notice if you were just passing through or don't make it to downtown Phoenix. Since this is an old bungalow that has been made into an eatery, this place is smack dab if the middle of a residential neighborhood.Their menu consists of pizza, salads and sandwiches made on fine Italian bread with some awesome Italian meats and cheeses and fresh local ingredients. I love the meatball sandwich so much that I can't bring myself to order anything else. I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. The service is friendly and the atmosphere homey. Their outdoor patio is really a pleasant place to enjoy lunch. I really need to come here for dinner or their new breakfast. Cibo is truly among the best that Phoenix has to offer.
5	I would suggest that anyone who lives here and has not been come, and if you're in town and looking for a great local non-chain restaurant that has quality food prepared the way it should, then try Cibo!  I took my man here for "mystery date night" as a surprise since he had never been.  No wait at 8:45 on a Friday night (yes! take that Pizzeria B) and the atmosphere of this house is super intimate and cool.  I love the atmosphere of the patio also, lit with those great off-white lights, and fire pits.  We shared the burrata which was gynormus, easily enough for 4 people or a hungry us.  The wine was tasty and reasonable.  I was drinking a pinot grigio, and my guy had the house chianti which I never usually order anywhere since it almost always reminds of grandmas table wine - until I tried Cibo's house version.  It was very good, definitely not from grandmas!   Now for the pizza - it is just perfection.  It has that amazing combination of char on the crust, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with the right balance of sauce and toppings.  It almost melts in your mouth, it's not heavy at all.  It's nice to go out for a pizza dinner with and app and dessert and not feel like you have to roll yourself out of the joint!  So we finished our romantic mystery date night with a crepe filled with nutella, ricotta, AND a scoop of ice cream on top.  I don't typically die over dessert, it's my boyfriends thing.  I'm an app girl - but this, it wasn't too sweet, it was so gooey and delicious and the ice cream added just the right amount of sweetness.  I would never eat here without dessert again!  I have been for lunch and they can get you in and out in a little less than an hour, but they don't fire up the pizza oven till supper which is why I prefer that here.  You will feel at home at this spot in a group or on a date - hell, maybe even a mystery one :)
5	You can't live in Phoenix and not eat at Cibo!  This is one of my favorite retaurants in the State.  It's in an old house in a historic part of downtown, tucked away in an old nieighborhood, and the food is incredible.  All of their sandwiches are perfectly done and flavorful and the service is always first class.  Very easy to get in and out quickly, and with a full belly, during the lunch hour!
2	Let me say right off the bat, the food here is phenomenal. The reasons I'm giving it such a poor review is everything I experienced this evening - outside of the food - was awful. They don't accept reservations which I think is a quack. Usually when a restaurant doesn't accept reservations, they have a bar area or a patio where you can sit, relax, and wait to be seated. Cibo has a bar - a tiny one - inside the home. There is almost no place to sit and wait to be seated for dinner. We arrived at about 7:30 and were told there would be an hour wait...I think it was closer to 75-80 minutes. As I was the oldest in my group with some health issues, I was the one chosen to get to sit in the one and only (metal) chair by the front entrance. I was thankful for that.There was no wait staff who came by to see if we wanted anything to drink, so my friends and I waited the entire time, badly in need of refreshment.We finally were seated on the patio about ten feet from a fellow with an electric keyboard. Call me old and cranky, but when I come to dine in a restaurant, I want to be able to talk in a low voice with my dining companions. Granted, we didn't have to yell to be heard with the music right next to us, but it was definitely hard to hear each other. We did receive our menus after about five minutes, but I think it was another 30 minutes before we got our meals. The waitresses did keep our water glasses filled which was nice.Our table was metal, sitting on a paver-type floor, and was uneven. My friend had to keep her foot on the bar of the table to keep it from wobbling. The table had cross bars on either side so you couldn't even sit dead-on to the table. I had to sit sideways and was very uncomfortable. The chairs were horrendous...plastic, skinny, and barely enough room to seat your behind. I think those chairs are there to encourage you to eat and run.I loved our food...we had the Burrata, the Tricolore and the Tartufta (sp?) pizze which was extraordinary. We didn't get dessert as we were stuffed.I would return to Cibo but only when they first open. I don't appreciate restaurants that don't take reservations and then expect you to stand the entire time until you can be seated.
4	Great pizza!
5	The Schiacciata Dolce Vita was awesome as well as the service, ambiance and conversation with the owner, being that were both from Jackson Heights, N.Y.! A must for anyone visiting Phoenix, Arizona.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix!  The ambiance and decor is amazing.  There is a lovely patio with large trees and lights all around.  It is very intimate and romantic.  The pizza is scrumptious.  My favorites are the Di Notte and Rustica with red sauce.  I would eat here every night if I wasn't worried about my girlish figure!Last night, Paul and I tried the crepes with nutella and bananas with ice cream.  I don't normally eat a lot of desserts, but I polished this one off!  Sorry Paul! You can't go wrong with this place!!
5	best neopolitan pizza i've had in the states. The chef i believe is from caserta which is pretty cool. this is one of the only places i don't mind waiting to get seated and personally i like their food better than pizzeria bianco.
3	This place is good. It's definitely no Pizzeria Bianco but not many places are. One bite of the Rosa Pizza from Biancos and it blows everything on the menu of Cibo out of the water. I'd go back to Cibo if the wait at Biancos was more than 2 hours. anyway, the food is good, they serve arugula on everything which is unnecessary. But still delicious. The wait is too long. Im all for waiting, but it better be AMAZING food, and I just did not find Cibo to be amazing. The Parlor also blows this place out of the water. The restaurant itself is quite lovely. Its a cute little spot in the downtown district and it feels like your going to someones house rather than a restaurant. The staff is pleasant as well.
4	Lay me down on a bed of Burrata and send me out to sea... I'll die an overly-stuffed and happy man. Add in the best tasting pizza sauce I've ever had, cute and romantic outdoor seating, and a bustling interior bursting with life and you've got a solid recipe for a wonderful four star pizza joint. Can't wait to come back.
5	We were in town for a convention, arriving Thursday night and looking for a comfortable dining venue.  Cibo delivered.  Service began slow, which my wife and I don't mind because we actually enjoy a less rushed meal.  The owner saw things getting backed up, and helped get our salad order expedited to our table.  The pizzas and wine were great, and the outdoor patio was unique and cozy on a cool April evening.  We enjoyed it so much we dined there again Saturday night.  This time we sat in a cozy corner and enjoyed another delicious pizza.  The owners are very nice.  We spoke to them during brief wait for our table.  Highly recommend the food, the atmosphere, and the service.
5	I am having a difficult time deciding how to even begin this review. In the simplest terms, Cibo has my heart. The outdoor seating is romantic and lovely, while indoors is equally cute and "busy." The food is TO DIE FOR. If I was on death row, their food would constitute my last meal. Hands down, they have the best pizza I have ever had the pleasure to taste. Do not miss the opportunity to order the Burrata as an appetizer (and then again for dinner!) - the mozzarella is creamy, the prosciutto fresh, and the bread baked to perfection. We also had the prosciutto crudo pizza, which was every bit as delicious as the appetizer. Overall, one of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had. A big 5/5 from this foodie here.
1	I really hate to dis this place. I've eaten here once before and the food was good, but this review is solely based on my recent experience and the horrible service we had. We arrived for lunch on a Friday at 11:45. The weather was gorgeous so we opted to sit outside. There was one table of about 8,and several others with 2-4 and a number of empty tables. We recieved our drink orders and as we were discussing what we were going to order, our waiter, who was rushing all around, quickly wrote down what he overheard us discussing instead of asking us what we wanted - we had to interrupt him to make sure he was writing down exactly what we wanted. He seemed to be very rushed.As we waited, and drank our water & tea, we didn't see much food coming out to any of the patrons. The hostess came by & told us she'd get us some more water & tea. We never got it, although we saw her fill up water glasses at a nearby table. Another table nearby got their food. We kept looking at our watches wondering what was taking so long to make a salad and a sandwich. Still no drink refills; still no food. After 35 minutes since our order was placed (and close to 45 minutes since we were seated) and no food or sign of the waiter, we decided to leave. We went in to pay for our tea and tell them we had to leave - we were on a lunch break and needed to get back to work - and we still needed to grab a bite to eat! The waiter came over and said - "Sorry, everybody's waiting." Do you think he could've at least stopped by our table and said the kitchen was behind or offered some explanation why it was taking so long??? Obviously that never occured to him.This is a cute place and a lot of the people who frequent it at lunch during the week work in the downtown area. Not everybody can take a 2-hour leisurely lunch!! When I got back to the office and shared my experience with some co-workers, so many said they had similar experiences - that they would never go back, no matter how good the food, because the service is terrible. I can't believe this place hasn't figured out how to serve lunch in a timely fashion - other eateries in the area certainly do.The food may be good, but if you don't get it, it hardly matters. I won't be back.
5	My favorite pizza in Arizona, almost as good as my favorite place in Seattle. Cool ambiance, great food, just an interesting place to be. I'm also a sucker for old restored buildings. They make an amazing white mushroom truffle oil pizza - and I hate mushrooms. Eat here!
5	This was a delight for a weekend social meeting with a friend.  I was happy that they were open with a breakfast menu even though we didn't meet until noon. I will keep the 10AM weekend opening in mind.The weather was predicted to be a bit warm so we opted for an interior seat. The service was prompt. I mentioned that we weren't in a hurry and would probably take our time and chat.  The waitress returned timely with drink refills, but we felt no pressure to hurry our meal.  Plus #1.We had the Saltimbocca Freddi and Fritatta Melfitana for the main course. Very fresh ingrediants prepared to perfection.  Plus #2The BIG Plus #3 was the dessert.  Dessert for breakfast...YES!!  We decided to try both sweet crepes and share. This is a great option because both were so good that I couldn't have picked just one.  Nuttella and Mascarpone was warm. The waitress mentioned topping it with ice cream which was a perfect recommendation.  Frutti di Bosco was topped with mixed berries that were so perfect that you wanted to pick them off the crepe with your hands and just pop them in your mouth.  Maybe that is a good reason to get one of your own?I also noticed that the hostess seated people throughout the restaurant, giving everyone a lot of personal space.  Highly recommended for a weekend meal if you are in downtown Phoenix.
1	We went to Cibo last night, our service was awful!! We were seated and waited ten minutes for a glass of water. Many of the tables around us were seated after us and received their food before us. Our waitress was just beyond rude, and would not even look at us when taking our order. The food was only ok, and the worst part of it was four of us got food poising! I have heard great things about Cibo, but our experience was horrible!!!! I will not be back!
3	This review is for the weekend brunch...I LOVE Cibo for dinner, it is one of my favorites downtown. I assumed their brunch would be just as good. We decided to sit inside as it was a rather warm morning and we walked (trying to burn some of the calories we were about to consume). We sat at a table right buy the window over looking the patio (which is dog friendly). As we perused the menu a fly kept buzzing around the table. I understand flies get in and I'm OK with that, BUT this one fly turned into about 8 full sized flies and a million little gnats. I was actually killing the bugs as they flew around our table there were SO MANY! We even had some fall in our drinks. Ugh!The food was good. we ordered the Uova Arizona and Fritatta Melfitana. They were both good but the Uova Arizona was the best. I am so sad that the flies ruined an otherwise wonderful breakfast. I guess we should have sat outside...there would have been fewer bugs.
5	Another satisfied customer!  The food is so freaking delicious and fresh.  Cibo is in a beautiful old home that makes it feel intimate and romantic - there's really not a bad seat in the house.  Service is consistently good.  Things you should know: they close from 2-5 on weekdays; they don't serve pizza for lunch and if I'm not mistaken, I believe they make fresh pasta on Tuesday's and Wednesday's.  My favorite wines: Chianti, Neprica, Aglianico My favorite menu items: Burrata, margherita pizza
5	Very good healthy food! Relaxed environment for good conversation. Had a live single singing artist acoustic musician on the patio with little friendly birds to watch. I usually don't like birds because they are dirty, and leave surprises in my soda.  These were very small and the patio was clean of any bird poop. The restaurant is a little hipster-ish, but would definitely recommend for a lunch date! 5 stars!
3	Ambiance: very cute outdoor patio/seating. Perfect for a casual night out with friends/first date/significant otherFood: very authentic Italian (thin crust) pizza. Recommend the vegetariana. Price: Decent $11-15 per pizza. Service: Friendly but very slow. Be prepared to wait at least half an hour on weekends to get a table and  table service is slow as well  (they don't take reservations for parties under 6). Parking is a bit of a nightmare. Service/parking is why I would rate my overall experience as 3, but food wise definitely a 4.
4	The atmosphere was very laid back and friendly. The food was very good. They used very fresh ingredients which gets a gold star in my book.
1	Pass on this place.    We have a condo about 10 blocks from Cibo's.  We've visited 4 times over a 5 year period, continuing to try and think it would get better each time.  But every time we order over the phone for a pizza, we want to pick up, we're greeted with any kind of unpleasantness.  It's almost like "hurry up we don't have time for you". Then when we go to pick up the pizza, we walk up and stand in the doorway, waiting for someone to greet us with some kind of "May we help you"  No, we are ignored and continuing standing there while 5 min's roll by.  I ask where we can pick up the pizza and am told to go over to the bar, or go stand over there or what is it you need?  Every time, the pizza has been cold and it's nothing to brag about.  We live in California and have many pizza places.  Everyone here seems to want  business.  I guess take out they don't want, but offer it.  The pizza is nothing special.  they just throw some cheese on it with a little basil and very little sausage, which we asked for extra with the tomatoes. By the time we get to our car the pizza dough is super soft and the food slides off it.  I would pass..  We did eat there inside once 3 years ago, service is not great. Food was slow to get to us and well we just didn't enjoy it.If you can travel over to Oregano's, now  there's a pizza is mmm!!!
3	Cute lunch spot especially on a warm Arizona day... Which is like everyday. The outdoor patio makes you feel right at home as well as the tiny birds that fly right in front of your face.I felt like I was sitting in my own front yard catching up with a Lon lost friend over lunch. The food was good but overhyped. Judging from reviews I honestly expected more and so did my taste buds. But the atmosphere was nice and the hot sandwich just okay. I'd recommend if you prefer a more serene and less crowded lunch date.
5	Great food! Great service! Cool art! Excellent service.
5	OMG!  Fantastic!  Delicious!  Gorgeous!  And bike-able!  Salad, wine, pizza, dessert, all way above average.  A true downtown gem.
5	The best pizza in phoenix. The food and atmosphere is great. Very romantic at nights for your first date trust me. And the desserts will have you wanting more at this place. Try the diavola.
5	Coming from out of town, I always see what people on Yelp have said about good restaurants.  This one popped pretty high on the list, so I was excited to try it.  I was not disappointed.Portions are generous.Quality is superb.Wait staff is focused on making sure you have a good dining experience.Price is very reasonable for the quality/quantity and atmosphere.Had the House Salad, Old Monkeyshine Nimbus beer (excellent Tuscon, AZ brew) and the ilTagliere (sampling of meats, cheeses and veggies).  Every bite was fantastic.Their focus is pizza.  They only serve pasta a few nights, and last night was not one of them, so I'll be back to try the hand-made pasta.  I can't wait.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! The ambience is lovely and magical. Indoor seating is nice if you want that homey downtown vibe, as it is located in an old house with fun creaky floors and warm mood lighting. Outdoor seating is my personal favorite. I have always gone on weekend nights so there is sometimes live (but not overwhelming) music and quaint lights wrapped around the trees surrounding the tables. And as though the ambience wasn't enough, oh my god the food! My favorite pizza the is the diavla (spell?) which is a spicy salami pizza, and it tastes like what dreams are made of... The crust is crispy and the ingredients taste fresh! And the dessert! I HIGHLY recommend ANY crepes. They don't mess around. Fluffly and not to sweet, and always a perfect compliment to the nutella or fruit or vanilla ice cream. Honestly, they could probably put a pork chop in one of their crepes, and it would still be fantastic. Hahaha.Perfect date night or girls night out or a good "show your parents from out of town an awesome place" restaurant. Only downside? The wait... But I can't say I don't understand why there is one, and believe me... It is WORTH the wait :)
4	I went here to have breakfast with a friend for the first time.  The service was very good and the waitress checked on us more than one time.  It is in a off location, doesnt stand out- look out for a house at the corner of the street.  It has indoor and outdoor sitting- which would be nice for the fall but not in the summer.  The decor inside was fitting  and menu was very simple.  We sat a rickety table, so that might need a look at, otherwise I would like to go here again for lunch or even dinner.
5	So I got married downtown at the Icehouse last month - prior to that I have to say I had actually visited downtown Phoenix zero times.  I live in Scottsdale/PV so never thought there was a reason to go "downtown".  Boy was I wrong.   While vetting out a location for our rehearsal dinner we dined at a few cool spots downtown, one of which was Cibo. Coming from Chicago I consider myself a pizza snob/aficionado so it takes a little bit to impress me.  I was drooling over Cibo's menu before we even arrived, and they did not disappoint.  First of all, the restaurant and patio are just freaking adorable. I had no idea Phoenix offered neighborhoods such as the one Cibo is located in. Rows of cute bungalow homes just like back home! And located in one on the corner, there is Cibo!  What a romantic, special setting.  On my first visit, the server was knowledgeable about the menu, ingredients, as well as the vino.  I like that they use local and organic ingredients mixed with authentic Italian items that are imported and impossible to duplicate.  We started with the Ostia salad which I am now obsessed with and have tried unsuccessfully to duplicate at home.  The chickpea dressing was so well balanced, and the crispy parsnips on top were such a creative was to add crunch.  We ordered both a red and a white pizza, because we just couldnt decide. The pizza crust was just the right mix of crunch and chew, and the toppings and cheese were fresh and flavorful.Ahhhhh and the Nutella Crepes. So simple yet so divine. Warm crepes stuffed with Nutella with a scoop of ice cream. Hard to find anything wrong with that.So midway through my 3rd glass of vino the decision was made - we were going to host our wedding rehearsal dinner here.  We asked them to show us the location, which could not have been more perfect. Private parties can be hosted in what is basically a guest house converted into a party room. It was just too cute for words, needed little decoration, and has a bar, private bathroom, and a great patio. They told us they were planning to host small weddings in the space as well.The service that I received with regard to our rehearsal was great. Michelle was quick to respond to my questions and I really appreciated her guidance on the menu as we had a few vegan/vegetarians in our party. The value of hosting our dinner there was fantastic.  Our $20/pp package included house salads, a trio of bruschetta choices, a variety of pizzas, and those Nutella crepes I had been dreaming about.   To keep costs in check we decided to serve soft drinks and a selection of a couple of beers and wines for our guests to chose from . All in all, with gratuity and drinks included the bill was around $1000 for about 30 people, which I felt was a great value. The bartender and wait staff made sure everyones waters and drinks were full, and the timing of the service was great. Our friends and family raved about the location and food, and had a blast enjoying the beautiful evening weather on the private patio.Cibo will always hold great memories of a fantastic night with friends and family, and I look forward to my next visit to this little treasure. I have yet to go to Bianco despite all I have read, but honestly would have a hard time justifying waiting in line and dealing with all the hoopla involved with dining there when I know Cibo is around the corner and well deserving of my business.
5	Warm and full of character, a rarity for Phoenix.   East to get in and out of.  We sat in the newly added area (server told us)  - the addition was done in a tasteful way.  Adds some needed inside space although I cannot wait to try the HUGE patio in the winter.  We were on our way to a concert at Comerica Theater, the restaurant is just a few blocks north.  Food portions were appropriate and reasonably priced.
5	This is currently our favorite place for date night.  I live in the north valley and don't get to downtown very often but if we have an occasion we definately go to Cibo.  My husband and I are trying to experience all the Best of Phoenix restaurants and so far this is our favorite.  The pizza is amazing.  My husband especially enjoys the pasta specials.   They seat us promptly and the service is top notch.  The fresh mozzarella app is amazing.  If only we lived closer we would go be there much more frequently.
4	This historic little house has charm oozing from every wall and corner. It is set up in such a way that you feel like you're having a quaint and intimate meal at a friend's home. The husband and I found our way here for brunch on Sunday afternoon just before it closed at 2pm. Service was great and the food was delicious. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich which was tasty. I had the Prosciutto e Funghi crepes and loved it. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful. We were disappointed that they weren't serving pizza but we learned that they only serve pizza after 5pm. We have heard legendary things about their pizza so we will probably be back this weekend to make sure we get a taste.
5	AMAZING PLACE!!! You will never be dissatisfied!!!!!!! I can't say enough great things about this place, you have to check it out!!! WONDERFUL FOOD! REASONABLE PRICES, EXCELLENT SERVICE! GREAT PIZZA! A TRUE ITALIAN RESTAURANT! YOULL LOVE IT!
5	Casual atmosphere and amazing food. Very busy, even on a Thursday night, which is always a good sign.  The historic location and building were my favorite part. I can't wait to go back on a night that they serve the pasta.
3	I've been to Cibo before and the pizza is pretty good (4 stars) but last night I was exposed to quite possibly the rudest waiter I have experienced during the short time I have spent on this planet. I'm not sure if James was just having a bad night, but he seemed incredibly rushed and annoyed to have to be helping us out by taking our order and getting us some food and drink. It was bad enough for me to leave before ordering. (My friends that stayed behind informed me that it never got any better.) I get that Cibo is a busy place, James, but never be rude to people who have no control over those circumstances. Not if you want a reasonable tip.
5	Yes five stars...well done Cibo...Weather you sit at small bar, inside, or great out front patio with it's well placed heat lamps I rank it above LGO in Arcadia which says something. Nestled Into a old style house in downtown Phoenix on a neighborhood street. Had one of the salads, pizza, and their berry/chocolate crepe for desert...all of it was porn food heaven...and a definite Top Ten place in Phoenix to take a date you really like. You may want to park a few blocks away to walk off the calories or hit up the dance floor at Chars has the Blues nearby.
5	Let me add to the chorus of awesome.  This place sets the Neapolitan pizza standard in Phoenix (amidst quite a bit of competition).  Bianco, yeah yeah, it's good, if you've got the patience to wait and know well in advance that all the hype is more than just a wee overstated.  I've eaten at Cibo probably 50 times in the last 5 years and, without question, it is safe to say that it's better than Bianco.  Guido has established a standard of excellence and consistency with the pizzas that is beyond compare, really at any restaurant I've ever frequented.  And then you have ever-changing pastas and (in the winter) soups Tuesdays and Wednesdays?  Out of this world sandwiches, served only at lunch?  And have you HAD their breakfast?  It's all ridiculously excellent.  And stupid reasonably priced.  If you're in any way freaked out by the neighborhood, it says a lot more about you than it does about the 'hood.  Stay in Chandler, there's a Chili's there waiting for you, with lots of ranch dressing.  Enjoy!
5	Yelp has been on a roll lately, with all the best foods I've been eating, I've become a food snob. This place is nothing short of spectacular. Great outdoor seating, sitting outside right when the sun is going down in the warm breeze and eating great food. Appetizer of bread, meat and cheese, delicious and light pizza, a glass of wine and top it off with strawberry-nutella crepe = perfect meal.
5	Mmmmm...went for brunch on a Sunday. Relaxing live music, shady outdoor seating, great food & service. Will definitely go back!
5	This place is AWESOME!  Closest thing to NYC/East Coast Italian that I've seen here in the greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area for a reasonable price.  We had the meat antipasto with capicola, salami, olives, various cheeses, roasted peppers, etc. and it was fantastic.  Afterward, our group shared white and red pizzas as well as a calzone which were all delicious. The menu is somewhat limited but what they do, they do right.  The old-home atmosphere was charming-we had a private alcove for our small group. Walking by the small bar area, it reminded me of intimate restaurants in homes in CT.  We're going back when it's cooler to sit on the outdoor patio with the tree lights, misters and take in the ambience.  Oh and to top it off, our waitress was one of the best ever and that's saying ALOT.  We've dined in a few places in our lives and have a good basis for comparison...she was excellent (just which I got her name!)  If you haven't been, you have to try this place.  It's worth the trip. We went on a Monday night and were seated right away...I hear it's insanely crowded on the weekend...I know why...it's good!
5	First of all, I've been a Yelp lurker for years... I had an experience tonight that compels me to write.  Felt in the mood for some Cibo pizza on my home to SoPho from a downtown Phoenix client ... was guided by the awesome female bartender towards the Diavlo pizza with added ricotta (something different from my standby Margarita pizza ... she didn't steer me wrong).  As I tend to do ... stopped by on my way home with novel in hand, ordered a dry white and a pizza to go.  The serene hum of this sweet little place was broken up by a nice older, very clean, but obviously mentally challenged man.  He walked in and loudly asked what was on the menu ... wanted a loaded pizza and a beer in this upscale downtown restaurant.  The owner gave him his utmost attention and ordered him the pizza with his toppings of choice, and a beer. I'm sorry I didn't get the owner's name, but his attentiveness and kindness endeared me even more to this place.  This diverse downtown environment may scare some away ... but I just love the energy of people helping people.  Oh, and the pizza at this place is to die for!  Can't wait to try Pasta Tuesdays and Wednesdays, which I just learned about while I was waiting.
5	This is the BEST food I have had in Phoenix! Their margherita pizza is so delicious with big fresh basil and they use good moz and great crust. Very fluffy and soft! I also tried their strawberries and goat cheese salad, very fresh and refreshing!! Their nutella and marscopone crepe was AMAZING!!! I wanna come back here every other day! Will be back!
5	We took my brother out for father's day here to Cibo this Sat night.Our party of six had called to be put on the list and when we arrived, our table was ready for us... AND it was crowded and busy, so I'm very impressed that despite the busy evening, they were able to get our call-in table ready for us.There are SO many reviews, I will just give you a few tidbits that stood out to me:- there is no chicken on the menu, so if you're going to order a salad, forget chicken.. you'll get prosciutto or sausage but no chicken... but their Omero Salad was *outstanding*.. delicious and so flavorful and great mix of textures and flavors- place is adorable, small and intimate.. and at a 100 years old, there's no sound absorption.. my cackles were resounding... I had to purposely laugh softly (very hard for me!)... FYI- you can do half-half pizza orders...  I tried a slice of all the 5 pizzas at our table and found them all unique, flavorful, and definitely delicious- their Il Tagliere meat and cheese board is a fantastic appetizer idea.. burrata was outstanding and loved by allWe would absolutely come here again!
5	I was brought here by someone that said this was the "best pizza in Phoenix" in her opinion. I was super impressed by the bungalow, we were seated right by a window with a nice view of the yard and downtown. We just happened to arrive as a couple was leaving, which worked out great since there were no available tables. This place fills up quick and - from what i hear - usually has a line out the door of people waiting for a table. We started off with a pear salad, which was arugala tossed with sliced pears, pecorino cheese, honey, toasted almonds and drizzled with balsamic vinaigrette. It was fresh, clean and heavenly. For the pizza we ordered the Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola and mozzerella cheese topped with spicy salami. It was some of the best pizza that I have ever in my life had. The light char on the bottom of the pizza (which reminded me of the exterior of a marshmallow when you hold it over a campfire) just set it off. The salty and strong mix of cheeses paired with the spiciness of the salami just made each bite explode. I can see why this place is always so busy. Just delicious!
5	Best date restaurant! Great atmosphere, better pizza than bianco, good wine and great desserts.
4	I haven't been here in eons but, I am going to drag b/f here soon and see what he thinks.
5	Pizzeria Bianco (bear with me here) was the first bad review i wrote on yelp. And one of the few.On a friend's suggestion, our faith in old-house-come-traditional-pizza-joints was restored when we came to Cibo.I can honestly say that I've tried every pizza, salad and antipasto on the menu and have never been less than delighted by any of it.Top it off with consistently good service and a great value, and Cibo has us coming back once a month if not more often.
5	It's taken me way too long to write about one of my all-time favorite restaurants in the Valley, Cibo. I love everything about it: the phenomenal pizza, the beautiful decor, the on-top-of-things servers and the charming neighborhood location -- it's a must-try, for sure!Cibo is in a historic home-turned-restaurant, with the most gorgeous twinkly light-lit patio (there are misters, so you can even sit here during the summer.) The interior is just as cute, with a small bar overlooking the open kitchen churning out perfect wood-fired pizzas. There's also an area that overlooks the backyard garden, and the rest of the inside seating is quaint and cozy -- you'll most likely be sat close to another table, so prepare to get intimate.The obvious menu draw here is the pizza, and they're pretty close to perfect. You can get pizzas for dinner (their lunch menu consists mostly of sandwiches and salads.) A single pizza alone is a huge meal for one (though I can happily finish one myself and still manage to gobble up some dessert), so consider splitting an appetizer and sharing a pie. My favorite kind to get is a simple Margherita pizza with olives added ($12.50). The dough is always my favorite consistency -- thin and soft and with crispy edges. The fresh basil is amazing -- I love it!Plan on having a crepe -- they're definitely a must-have if you go to Cibo. I love getting the Nutella and banana one and adding mascarpone and whipped cream to it, too ($10.50). Every bite is incredible, and it will have you coming back for more.The atmosphere combined with the mouthwatering food solidifies Cibo as one of my go-to restaurants. It's truly a Valley gem, and I hope it stays open forever!
5	Not much I can add to all the reviews already written so I'll keep this short.  We were looking to have lunch after going to the science museum with the kids and my handy dandy yelp app lead us here.   Loved the space! No pizza at lunch, just paninis with the same ingredients as on the pizzas. They don't have a kids menu but my kids are fine ordering from adult menus with some adaptations, of course, and our requests were honored with no problems. We all loved our sandwiches!We are big fans of crepes so of course we had to have dessert.  The kids got the crepe with the vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce which they devoured. My husband and I got the crepe with nutella & mascarpone --- absolute perfection!  Do yourself a favor and get a crepe, you won't regret it!!
4	Pretty good... I ordered the Margharita and the wifey had the Genova pizza, before that we shared a salad...Ok so the place and atmosphere was probably my favorite thing about the experience... I just like being in old buildings... this one was built in 1913... so I personally enjoyed just looking around. Plenty of seating inside or out... so thats all good...The food was pretty good, I would not go back to order the Margharita pizza again, but I'll definitely go back to check out the rest of the menu... just to throw this out there... there is another very well known pizza spot down the road in which I WOULD go back just to get some more of that Margharita pizza... this one is good, but not as good as the place down the road! The Genova was freakin great... pesto, mozzarella, onion, potato... kind of like we had in italy... No regrets about the food, it was good, the salad was $14 which was good, but not 14 bucks good! The pizza is worth the trip and the money. If you read my reviews i base my rating on my desire to return... i give it 4 stars because the food was good enough that I'll definitely go back to taste the rest of that good sized menu, but not 5 because it wasn't upto par with other pizza ive had around the area! *** i will say this though... CIbo seems more accommodating for larger parties... just sayin'.
4	This is a very nice place to bring a love one for a date night :)Located in downtown Phoenix, Cibo has great customer service and their pizza is DELICIOUS!!! The only reason I gave them 4 out of 5 stars is that the price was a little high. The customer service was great and they made us feel right at home. My little sister-in-law even commented how the venue was so cute because the restaurant was inside a house.Great place, would recommend out-of-towners to visit this lovely place.
5	My favorite pizza place (thin crust) on earth hands down. Truffle oil.. mmm...
4	Great place in Phoenix, who knew? Cool ambiance at converted house. Sat on patio in spring; not too hot yet. Great meat & cheese plate, good pizzas. Only negative thing was atrocious live music. Really killed the ambiance.
5	Seriously AMAZING! I hate to work something up, only to have your expectations come crashing down but this is THE best pizza I've ever had, hands down (and yes, even better than Bianco's)! The service was awesome even on an extremely busy night, the prices were reasonable and the location may be small but has so much charm to wow you off your feet. I can't wait to come back!
5	Hands down......  the best pizza. Rustica = best combination of flavors.
4	Nom Nom Nom! A colleague brought me here for Lunch last week! Had the Mele Salad, so refreshing on a 116 degree day. Definitely adding to my repertoire of weekday favorites! or weeknight happy hours!
5	I've heard everyone talk about this place over and over, so we decided to give it a try. It was THE BEST pizza I've ever had. We ordered the white truffle pizza which was to die for! It didn't take super long to cook, and our waitress was very attentive. We had gone to Humble Pie the week before to try pizza and were not impressed, so we're happy to now have a spot where we live that we LOVE. The atmosphere is so cute and intimate with the dim lighting. Perfect date spot. And you HAVE to save room for the dessert crepes!!
4	I went here for a date and I really liked the place.  The patio is very nice. I like the overall atmosphere as well. It's not your typical chain style restaurant. I think it may actually be in an old Craftsman house. Anyhow, the pizza is decent. It's not the best I've ever had, but I like it. The service was really good as well. Overall, I would come here again and I definitely recommend it for a date spot.. Especially when the weather is nice and you can take advantage of that glowing patio ambiance.The only gripe would be that after a bottle of wine and splitting a pizza, we were asked twice if we wanted another pizza. Really? 2 pizzas in one night for 2 people? Granted they are not that big, but it's 4 pieces each. I didn't comment on the absurdity of the suggested portions, but as we got the check the girl said something like, "guess we're eating light tonight". I really felt like saying- "no, we're not stuffing our faces tonight and instead eating appropriate portions. Though obesity is an epidemic there is an easy preventative measure that can be taken." But, I decided against being bitchy. Perhaps she can persuade other people to take the path of heart disease.
5	So good!!! This joint and Harley's Bistro in midtown have the best pizza in the city!!
5	Great pizza! As good as any pizza you will get anywhere in town. Cute old house with an inviting patio when it cools off. Had a wonderful meatball sandwich at lunch (they only do pizza at night). They have delicious crepes for desert.  If you want a great meal go to Cibo.
5	I have been eating at Cibo for about 5 years now and had not been to Pizzeria Bianco until yesterday. I have been dying to participate in the Cibo vs Bianco challenge but the long wait at Bianco rarely fit into my schedule. That is, until my friend and I were able to stop in for lunch on a weekday when there was no wait...The verdict? CIBO WINS!Better menu, much bigger selection of pizzas, salads, and antipasti. Better prices (Bianco's pizzas are either $13 or $16, Cibo has many more choices ranging from $10.50 to $16.50 but most of their option avg. $14). Cibo offers a fantastic variety of pizza toppings.The food at Cibo has never let me down. I have tried a number of things on the menu and it makes ordering very difficult these days because EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS!! But, if I had to create an All-Star Meal it would be as follows:Pesto Salad (or Pear Salad; dammit, this is already tough)Antipasto Speciale (meat, cheese, olives, roasted peppers...and I remember these balsamic onions that I can't get enough of)Salsiccia (the BEST sausage pizza)Nutella and banana crepe (enough said)This meal would feed 3 people, EASY!! My husband and I typically order two pizzas and a salad and still have a couple of pieces to take home.I should also mention that we got married at Cibo almost two years ago. The food and service was impeccable that day (as always). Prepare to be impressed.
4	Cibo!   Eating outside is a major part of the experience even on a hot summer night in Phoenix!  Worth the dampness from head to toe.  The BONUS is sitting under the African tree with the lights and grapes with the FULL moon shining on us  ~Our red haired waiter sporting 1950's style glasses was fun, fun, fun and pleasingly attentive.   We had white wine;  superb choice thanks to the 4 different wine tastes I received while choosing it.  The strawberry/walnut salad was a bit dry, yet the feta was marvelous!  Great soft texture to melt in your mouth.  The pizza was the sausage and it was wood fired, nice and perfect.  Just enough food for the 3 of us ~So much food, just the right amount for our bellies.  For the 3 of us, the bill was only $43.00.  Not too bad on a Saturday night to go in 1/3's.~ Luana Joya Lucia
4	Better than the best pizza in phx ; might have to wait a while ...
5	I absolutely love this place!  I've had my birthday here twice in the last 5 years, and they have been able to accommodate large groups (up to 20s).  Their patio is super cute and great in the fall and spring time.  My favorite pizza is the Di Notte.  Cute atmosphere combined with good food = one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  Worth the drive to downtown!
5	Went here for dinner with a couple girl friends and it was amazing! They were a little busy but we weren't in any rush. Great pizza and drinks, very romantic cozy area
5	My family and I went here for my birthday last night. Last year we went to Pomo Pizzeria and I wanted to go to another gourmet pizzeria. One bite into my Rustica pizza and I nearly died. The crust...so thin and soft! The cheese...so meltyl! The proscuitto....so salty and perfect!! 6 of us split 2 pesto salads (delicious), and 3 pizzas: the Rustica, Salsiccia and Margherita. The Rustica was my favorite, followed by the Margherita then Salsiccia. The cheese was just so....authentic. The service was delightful. When we arrived, I told them we had 6 people, and I am obviously very pregnant, so the owner was incredibly polite in making sure I was comfortable with where we were sitting and I was cool enough and everything. My only disappointment was that I didn't get any acknowledgement that it was my birthday, but oh well. That's the worst of it. Overall, it was delightful...and I'm looking forward to having a leftover slice of pie right now!!
5	AMAZING! This little gem is hidden away just outside downtown phoenix! It is a small little restaurant being run out of what looks like it used to be a small house. They menu offers a variety of flavor combinations that one would never think of when cooking at home.The service staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. They have great suggestions and offer explanations of the ingredients in English. The moscato de asti is WONDERFUL. It is so sweet and goes so well with any meal. It is very reasonably priced and is more cost efficient when ordered by the bottle.Be adventurous, try something new, DONT ASK FOR RANCH and make sure you order the nutella and banana crepe for dessert!
5	Cibo's is easily the best pizza place in the city of Phoenix and probably in my top two overall for the valley of the sun (the other is in downtown glendale.) Great food, great wine and an amazing atmosphere, what else could you ask for? Come at the right time of the evening when the white patio x-mas lights are on and you'll swear your an extra in some cheesy romance movie and you just can't see the cameras. Winters are even better when the fire pit is roaring. See the other reviews for how amazing the pizza is, i can't say anything more then what's been already said. Haven't tried Cibo's yet? what are you waiting for, get down there. You won't regret it
4	We have been here twice for dinner and ordered the same salad, but different pizzas. The Pesto Salad - grape tomatoes, pine nuts, roasted potatoes and parmigiano with pesto dressing. So, so, so good. The Vegetariana pizza - mushrooms, artichokes, zucchini, and red peppers in quadrants. It's like 4 different pizzas in one. The second pizza had prosciutto on it, but I can't remember the exact name. It was, as expected, delicious. I wish we could go here more often, but being downtown it's farther from us than we'd like. Overall, the food and price are comparable to our other favorite places to grab pizza. I noticed that they do brunch and I can't wait to come back!
5	Everything I've had here is great.  Excellent pizza, excellent antipasti, excellent salads, excellent desserts.
5	First time .very impressed .even for fast lunch ,or lunch meeting. I had both .Nice and clean . Thanks for a nice lunch .
5	When my husband and I were looking for a place to host our casual rehearsal dinner in May, we knew we wanted to take our small wedding party to one of our favorite local spots. Cibo came to mind, and we discovered their wonderful, private carriage house. It's located right behind the restaurant, and it's perfect for groups of 30 or less. It's everything you love about Cibo--delicious food, attentive service and cute ambiance. Inside, the Carriage House features exposed brick walls, wine racks, a cool bar and art created by local artists. Outside, there's a private patio with string lighting, cozy seating and a fire pit. Oh, and there's a private bathroom, too. Michelle at Cibo helped us coordinate the evening, and she was super helpful. We chose a menu that featured an antipasti, a couple of delicious pizzas of our choice, and a sweet nutella crepe for desert. The food, of course, was amazing, and the service was even better. We had a dedicated bartender/server for our group of 20. She was awesome, and made sure our wine glasses were never empty, which was critical for our group of lushes. The cost was also really reasonable. There was a fee of $50 to reserve the private carriage house, and the cost per person was a steal. The in-laws were hosting the dinner, so I don't know the exact price, but I think the food was around $25-30/pp, excluding beer and wine. If you're looking for a casual place to hold your next private event, I highly encourage you to check out Cibo's carriage house. So, so awesome.
4	I am happy to update my very poor review of Cibo from several months ago and get on the fan bandwagon with all of my fellow Yelpers. I also want to thank the proprietors who took my previous review seriously and encouraged me to give them another opportunity. I wish it hadn't taken me so long to get back to Cibo (life tends to get in the way!!) and believe me, it won't be long before my next visit.We returned for lunch today and were seated right away. The place wasn't near as busy as the last visit because many had Columbus Day off work. Our server welcomed us promptly and took our drink orders. We decided on hot sandwiches: Sicilian sausage and pulled pork. OMG - they were soooo delicious!!! The pork was lean, tender and in a wonderful spicy (but not overly) sauce. The Fontina cheese was a great touch and tasteful. The bread...ummmmm good. I'm tired of getting sandwiches on so much bread that you can't open your mouth wide enough to bite - the grilled saltimbocca bread was so good! The sausage sandwich was super flavorful with the perfect amount of peppers and onions. Again, the bread complimented the sandwich.The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it took a while to get our bill. While we weren't in a hurry, the server walked by our table a couple of times and didn't check in on us. As I mentioned the place wasn't overly busy at all so I would have expected a tad more attentiveness. But overall, the food was outstanding and the quaintness of the little house made for nice ambience. I'm not a fan of eating crow, but if I have to, I will. I bet the chef at Cibo could even make crow taste phenomenal!
4	The pizza is amazing! The wait staff is prompt and friendly, although sometimes I feel like there are more waiters than customers, lol. I recommend sitting outside, any room inside is incredibly loud and you have to yell across the table to have a conversation. Great little spot, though, and the food is always worth it!
3	Been there once on a friday evening, remember food being okay but it was uncomfortably packed.
3	I'm really torn on how many stars to give Cibo so I'm sticking in the middle  Went there on a Tuesday night for the very first time and I absolutely fell in love with the ambiance outside.  The outside seating totally deserves 5 stars, but thats about the only 5 star I can give, if it weren't for the wonderful atmosphere I would've only given 2 stars.  After being seated we had to wait a while for our server to come over to the table.  Not sure if he was new or just having an off night but I was not impressed with him.  I was actually jealous of the tables around us and their interactions with wonderful servers.  We explained to the server it was our first time eating there and he just started pointing to stuff and spouting off about all sorts of different pizzas, meats, cheeses, wines, etc...It was a little overwhelming and he lost me.  When we were  ready to order we had to first flag him down and interrupt his conversation with another employee.  He took our order and quickly walked away without even asking if we wanted  anything to drink.  We originally planned on getting a bottle of wine but after my boyfriend had to walk inside the building the get some service and a drink we decided against the bottle.  Very disappointing!   I'm also somewhat glad we didn't order the bottle of wine because while we were still sitting there enjoying our dinner and conversation they started clearing off our entire section and staring at us as if we were keeping the restaurant open.  Keep in mind the place was still open for 30 more minutes.  I honestly felt rushed and that I couldn't enjoy myself.  If we didn't have to wait so long, flag down our server or go in the restaurant ourselves to order a drink we may have actually finished our meal a lot sooner.  We opted for the sausage pizza, which was good but not the best.  The mozzarella cheese was delicious and tasted very fresh, as was the crust.  But other than that I really wasn't all that impressed.  I didn't hate the place nor did I love it.  I'd probably give it one more chance and hope that I had better service the next time around.
5	You know how you have high expectations of a place. You've even been, but the wait was too long for you at the time. The reviews are off the wall and all your friends love it...but then...you go and are disappointed???THIS IS SO NOT THE CASE. Cibo was a start for our fabulous evening downtown on my farewelll Phoenix tour (LOL!). We had dinner here before the Madonna concert and it was Fanfreakintastic! The place was humming with regulars and plenty of Madonna fans. Weather was perfect for al fresco dining. We sat comfortably at a table in back with impeccable service by a new server named Kim. She rocked our meats and cheeses. Literally. We ordered the appetizer of meat, cheeses, nuts and fruit. For $19 it was really a steal and fed us four Madonna fans well. The homemade mozzeralla was TDF...the proscuitto, bread, olives, goat cheese, grilled veggies...MOUTHGASM!Of course we had to have a pizza and the Margherita pizza sang to us!!! Crust was perfection, pillowy and crunchy with the soft cheese, tangy sauce and fresh basil. We were indeed doing the happy food dance. Which was a great excercise as we danced our tails off several hours later. So the food was much needed fuel. Ambience was as charming as everyone has mentioned. Cibo. First date. I will squeeze in another if you'll have me. Maybe I'll even kiss you good night and good bye!
5	So, I have yet to make it to Pizzaria Bianco and now that I have been to Cibo - don't think I ever will!!!It was fabulous!   It was girls night out and we ended up at Cibo for dinner.    we arrived around 5:45pm on Saturday and were immediately sat outside on the patio.  the weather was perfect - the ambiance was perfect - it was love at first site.Our waiter, James came over and immediately we could tell he enjoyed his job and his love of the menu.  He had lots of suggestions and  we ended up with the following:Arancini (fried stuffed rice balls) - to die for!BurrataPear SaladCappricciosa pizzafried dough balls with nutellaNutella and mascarpone crepeWow - to say we left happy is an understatement.   Sorry P Bianco - we will never make and acquaintance - my heart and stomach belong to Cibo!
4	Amazing meatball sandwich, real lemonaide, good service. Only complaint - it was VERY noisy inside.  If you sit outside on a nice day then you can give it 5 starts for sure.
4	Went on a Sunday for brunch with a couple of old friends who were in town for the sad Cardinals game.  At least brunch was wonderful.  On one of the first pleasant mornings of the fall, is there a better way to have tasty food than outside with friends.  My omelet with Schreiner's  sausage hit the spot.  A couple of other folks had the Uvoa Arizona - eggs with chorizo and green chili, which were quickly scarfed.  A mimosa topped off the morning while the friends headed to disappointment in Glendale, Gale and I treked home for an afternoon of Sunday newspapers and pleasant company.
4	Great atmosphere, delicious fresh food!
1	We have a condo in vacation condo in downtown Phoenix.  Have tried Cibo's on 4 occasions since 2009 because friends keep telling us how wonderful it is.  I really do not know what they see in this restaurant.  We are still looking for a place that has a decent pizza!  The wait is usually long hard to find parking and service well service needs some work!  We have had to sit for at least 10 to 15 to even have the order filled.  The pizza is a small artisan style pizza with a little cheese thrown in places and well no taste.  I had sand in my salad and told the server.  She said, "sorry" took my food and forgot us!  We asked for the manager and no one came so walked over to another server and handed them what we thought our meals cost and walked out.  We will not recommend this place.  We've been to a lot of pizza places in our life and this place is nothing to brag about.  No longer will anyone talk us into this place again.
5	My first choice for pizza and bruschetta! And holy moly, their Nutella crepes for dessert will blow your mind.
5	My sister and I came to visit my cousin in Phoenix. We came in with no dining expectations.Our first meal was at Cibo, and it far exceeded our expectations.First of all, dining al fresco in Phoenix is a "thing." A lot of restaurants have outdoor seating, and especially on nice, warm nights, it really adds to the overall dining experience. The ambiance at Cibo is amazing. There are lights strung in the patio, with the lowkey sounds of a live band in the background.  We were fortunate enough to be blessed with a nice, warm, May evening, so everything really worked in our favor.The pizza at Cibo is amazing. Amazing. I can't emphasize that enough. We ordered the pizze rosse diavola (tomato sauce, mozzarella, spicy salami and ricotta) and thepizze bianche tartufata (mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and a drizzle of white truffle oil). Both were delicious- savory, and packed full of flavor with every bite.I'd come back to dreary Phoenix just to have another slice of one of these pizzas.
5	How can I not have written a review about one my DT Phx staples!!!!??? Eat here! Order pizza. Probably my favourite in town. They will make it however you like. The crust is always thin and light and topped with fresh veggies, smothered in melty artisan cheeses... Excuse me while I sop up the drool pooling around my keyboard. Try the specials. Pasta is cooked just right and topped and seasoned with delicious, hearty sauces. Plates are always big enough to share. Great date spot!!Never leave without desert please! Can you say Nutella crepe!?!?!? Not to mention the meal complementing selection of spirits... Cibo, I love you. My life would not be complete without you. My favourite place to have a bite with my tiny, bring new friends, ladies night, or any other excuse I can muster.
4	In the heart of downtown lies a quaint little place called Cibo. I visited this place on a Friday during lunchtime and sat outside because the weather was beautiful. Nestled in an old house off of 5th ave, this place has a lot of character. Wrought iron tables and chairs on a brick patio surrounded by green shrubs and birds a chirpin, it's got a relaxed type of vibe. Our server was cool, and did a good job of being attentive and getting out food out to us. We ordered the PLT and Salsiccia both with side house salads. The food came out a little under 10 min after we ordered! We were very impressed by that. The portion sizes were great, and I almost couldn't finish all of mine. I had always heard good things about this place and was not disappointed. Will def be back to try the pizza and wine.
5	OK, my girlfriend and i were wanting to eat some Italian food, as she had just flown in from Chicago and the place that we really like has closed. Once we figured out that it was closed and got over the fact that we were going to miss eating there, we got on "Yelp" and started looking for an alternative. I also have a POI in my car that will give you names and locations or places close to where you are, between the two devices the place that both suggested was a place called "Cibo".We live downtown and we thought, "What the hell, it's close to the house and we haven't been there". The only prerequisite that my girlfriend gave me was "NO Pizza's",as  she had just gotten back from Chicago and had pizza the night before. We get to this place and we had driven by it a million times, great patio and just packed on a Friday Night. We went in and decided to just eat at the bar since the wait was so long, she went to wash her hands and I took a look at the menu, 100% Pizza. By the way, she is Gluten Free, so I'm thinking were out of here and back to our search. Well the bartender comes up and we tell her our dilemma, she explains that they have the best "Gluten Free Pizza in the World". She just so happened to be "Gluten Free" also. So we decided let's go for it.I am half Italian and was raised with Pizza, it was left overs on a pie crust., my grandfather put everything in the fridge on his Pizza. I'm not a big fan of Pizza for that reason, i still think of it as a way to get rid of leftovers.Simply the best Pizza i have ever had in my life, "Gluten Free" or otherwise. This place is a gem and we will be spending a lot of time at this place moving forward. All weekend all we could think about was how good the Pizza was on Friday.Go there if you haven't and you will love the atmosphere and especially the Pizza. If your "Gluten Free" it's a bonus because your in for a treat. I have found my only Pizza place from this moment forward. I will not go out to eat Pizza unless it is at Cibo's. I just can't even tell you how great it is, you will have to just try it yourself. I Love Me Some Cibo...
5	Always SO SO good! It only took me six or seven years, but I finally ate there on a pasta night and it was just as awesome as I expected! Favorite place to eat for all occasions, and for any meal- especially brunch, which I could eat for every meal if possible.
2	My experience was average at best.  The pizza ok the service was way too slow!
2	Cute little old house setting is appealing but it doesn't need to be so noisy or so dark. Place was very busy which is fine if there's enough staff but the help was overworked. They were all super nice and very efficient. The person who does the hiring has a good eye for talent. Focaccia appetizer was just okay. Bland even with the side of balsamic vinegar. Pizza...  Excellent crust!  But again, bland. Mine had potatoes which I like on pizza but usually they are applied in thin slices. These were big chunks which made for a pasty, starchy texture. Nutella crepe dessert was slimy. I felt the problem was an undercooked crepe. Maybe the kitchen is also too dark.I wouldn't go back. Plenty of other good Neapolitan style pizza joints in Phoenix.
5	Oh god, the crepes!! And everything else is wonderful, too! The patio is fantastic this time of year and they are very dog friendly :)
5	Delicious!
5	had a meal for eight of us on a tuesday eve service was great' food was fantastic price was reasonable will go again
5	Amazing place. Food is good, waiter was more than helpfull.The place has a perfect atmosphere..
4	I went here with a group of friends for lunch. What a treat!  The food was wonderful.  I had the Ai Spinaci, a sauted spinach, prosciutto & fontina sandwich.  A little slice of heaven.  My friends each had sandwiches (of which I can't remember) but they all liked them.The parking is a little rough, as there are only 6-8 spots in the lot behind the restaurant (a converted house in mid-town), but there is street parking nearby.  I suggest going early, as it is popular.  And I can see why.The staff was very nice, and we were seated right away on the patio.  Our glasses were always filled.I will be back!!!
4	Lunch at Cibo today. I was looking for a good pizza and Cibo came up under the top pizzas in Phx. It's been a few years since I was there and that was only to stop by for a drink. Wow, they seem to have expanded. Very nice atmosphere. Nice place to eat outside. It really wasn't pizza... More like a pocket pizza or almost a calzone. Regardless, they have a nice menu variety, reasonable wines, and the desserts look terrific (did not try). This place may move up to 5 stars after my next visit. The fact that I say "next visit" should tell you something. We really liked this place. Parking is in the street with high curbs. Watch for door scrapes unless you are driving a truck or an SUV.
4	Went here for the first time on a date. Cool early October evening so we sat outside. Beautiful ambience on the patio with lush trees and twinkling lights strung everywhere. There was a man playing acoustic guitar and singing . We ordered a white pizza with prosciutto, mozzarella, mushrooms, & white truffle oil, it was divine! Pizzas are good size & enough for two if you're not starving. The have a large selection of by the bottle wine & about 10 each of reds & whites available by the glass.
3	Ok here goes.  I'll start with the bad and finish positive.  As far as Pizza goes, which is what we went for, I was not that impressed.  I must say I'm more of a NY style, by the slice pizza kind of guy.  So the pizza did not hit the spot.  Maybe a little too fancy for my palette. (You can take a boy out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of the boy, so for me simple food is always better.)  Obviously, there are enough people who like gourmet pizza as this place has amazing reviews, so I'm just one simple man.The obnoxious fat chick sitting right behind me proclaimed to her friend, "I'm no longer investing time in men who aren't available!"  Put down the pizza and grab a dry salad and shut up!!  That's not really the restaurants fault though but I did have to endure that convo through the duration of my meal.Our server was very nice however seemed very rushed and at times we had to wait for refills on water and for the check.  The atmosphere is very romantic outside with light trees and live music.  They even turned on one of the heaters on the patio for the lil lady.  We has the Crepe with Nutella chocolate powdered sugar and ice cream and it was very very good.  Bottom line.  I'd be willing to come here again and try something other than pizza.
5	Keeping this short and sweet. Some of the best Pizza you can have in the U.S.A. Simply amazing. Go for the Margharita!! Just Go,Go, Go! You will NOT regret it.
4	So I went here for my first time, on a date. It was in the evening, dark. They had candles and torches lit. Very nice ambiance. We sat outside because it was cool. The pizza and wine was amazing. I'd definitely come back for a few drinks and food.
5	Love this place. Met up with a good friend for Happy Hour here. I actually enjoy coming here by myself from time to time and people watch from the bar. There's always somethin' on their wine list to accommodate Love their pizzas and salads. A restaurant that knows how to tease me properly with Nutella as an ingredient will always receive high praise from me! Decor and setting is perfect for friends and family -- If wear permits and is ideal, I highly recommend dining out on their patio. Can't say anything negative about this place.
5	Let me make your life real easy here.  When you get lucky later, you can thank me. =)First, start off  with the Il Tagliere - Antipasto, meat, cheese and fruit board.  Or the mixed vegetables.  mmm.  Course 1 = success.Then move on to the Caprese Salad - So fresh!   The smell itself is intoxicating.  Course 2 = winner. Pizza time! From the Pizza Bianche: Siena - mozzarella and zucchini, topped with spek andpecorino cheese.    ahhh!  the cheese, the crunch of the zucchini.  Spek (or hold this if you aren't a fan of spek, i like it both ways).    Course 3 =  Ding Ding! From the Pizza Rosse: Diavola - tomato sauce, mozzarella andspicy salame.   You simply can't go wrong here.  Don't forget dessert! Crepe -  I suggest the Fresca, but you really can't go wrong with any crepe on the menu.   Course 4 = HeavenlyThey have a great wine selection.  I suggest the 1/2 bottle of Moscato d' Asti if you like wines of a sweeter, bubbly nature.  Be prepared to fall in love.  The food, the atmosphere, great service.... this is a great little house-turned-restaurant in Central Phoenix.  It was built in the early 1900s and they have done a wonderful job with the decor.  Sitting out on the patio under the sparkling white lights in the trees is a great way to add a little magic to your date night.  If you take your special someone out for dinner here, I promise that your lucky night will end just the way you hope...  Ladies and Gentlemen...you are welcome.  hehe ;-)
5	Great Pizza. Worth the wait. Would come back again.
3	I was very excited to try Cibo after reading many great reviews. However, after visiting...I have come to the conclusion that when you have Pizzeria Bianco/Pane Bianco in town, there is no reason to break from perfection.The Pizza: WAY TOO MUCH CHEESE. Dough: WAY TOO DOUGHY. I was pulling the cheese off into huge glops with my fork. We didn't finish our pizza, nor did we want to take it home. Hopefully, they were having an 'off' night.
5	Romantic, quaint, amazing! We were referred here by a couple of long time Phoenix locals, and we were so happy we took their advice. We ordered a white pizza, a anti-pasta appetizer, and bottle of Chianti. We were able to get a table outside and loved the atmosphere! Perfect date spot...
5	Lunch at Cibo. We sat outside on a cool early December day and I must say that CIBO has the best atmosphere of any outside dining establishment in downtown phoenix. The pizza isn't as good as Pizzaria Bianco (PB)but I'm more likely to return to Cibo over PB due to the outside atmosphere. If you want to skip the pizza go for it, but DON'T skip the Nutella Crepe. Service was on the slow side, but I would say normal for any restaurant serving tables outside. I think it stems from how far the servers have to go from the kitchen and bar to outside. I will return.
4	Went here for a friend's bday and had a great time. They plugged in the lights outside as it got dark and it was so lovely. We ordered a few different salads and 3 different pizzas, along with a breaded mozzarella/rice ball paired with marina sauce as an appetizer. Everything was delicious! The salads were huge and not overly expensive considering the size. Our server (who I think was the manager possibly) was very friendly and the service was relatively fast. They brought out a massive Nutella crepe for the bday girl and the entire table promptly consumed it. Overall, wonderful evening and will definitely go back.
5	one of the valley's top places to take a date!
4	I loved this place!  Cute Christmas lights, indoor and outdoor seating (with heat lamps), and delicious (and strong) limoncello. Fabulous date night. My boyfriend's calzone was clearly burnt to a crisp on the top, which he took off. When the waitress came by to ask about the meal, he told her and she just said sorry. A little disappointing, but the freshness of the ingredients sang to me and my little pizza was perfect with asian pear, arugula, and gorgonzola. I liked it so much I had the left overs for breakfast the next day. I would love to go back. The crust also had the perfect bite and flavor. Yum!
5	It's just like pizza bianco without the wait. This pizza is a 9.9999 and bianco is a 10. This place has a much larger menu and their deserts are to die for. If bianco has more then a 30 min wait just drive and or walk here.
5	Best pizza of my entire life.   No pizza on Sunday though...
4	This is a really nice little place located in downtown Phoenix. Parking is quite good in their private lot,but if it is full you can always park on the street around the neighborhood.It is a house that has been changed to a lovely little eatery.They have designed it very nicely, so it flows but, it is also private. We have been here for Brunch only.  But, the food was very good and the coffee nice and smooth. They even have raw sugar(my favourte.)  This place is for sure worth your time.I would come back any time.    Prices are a little high, But that is the way it goes.
4	We go to Cibo to grab dinner whenever we are heading downtown for a show.  We really love this place.  It's likely that you will have a short wait for a table - and it's a tight space.  But it's worth the wait!  The food is consistently excellent and the service is pretty fast.  I absolutely love their pizza and their appetizers are also delicious.  If you plan on going in a group larger than 4, send someone early to put your name in to make sure you're not waiting too long!
5	Love! Cibo is a place I have been wanting to go to for ages, and after getting lost and missing an event downtown, I decided to treat myself to dinner here. It was a nice night and the patio was poppin', but I decided to sit inside. I had their dessert blossom tea and decided on the diavola pizza. It was really good, one of the top pizzas I've had. I was in a rush but decided to get the banana nutella crepe which was a delicious mistake. Service was good. There was a mistake on my bill but the staff worked to quickly fix it. No doubt I'll be back.
3	The service is great and atmosphere is terrific. The pizza was good, but I wasn't necessarily impressed with the crepes for dessert. Too much Nutella and not enough bananas. Appetizer we had was sub par. Personally I don't see what all the hype is with this place. Not a bad experience by any means though.
4	Saturday night was our second time at Cibo and we were NOT disappointed.  We started at Bianco and were disappointed when they told our party of 6 that it would be a 4 hour wait.  So we decided to give Cibo a shot.  Great choice.  They sat us on their beautiful patio immediately and they had live music.  James was our server and he was wonderful.  We started with the Il Tagliere and the 3 pairs of Bruschetta, amazing.  Then I think for our party of 6, we got 7 pizza's, they were all delicisous. I think everyone's favorite was the Procida, it was light and fresh and simply amazing.  I would come back here again anytime.
4	Good chewy pizza al fresco out on the patio. A nice neighborhood vibe going on with friendly wait staff.
5	Another great experience at Cibo. Our party of four was seated right away, with an attentive (but by no means annoying) server. The food was great, as usual. If you're going with a group, do yourself a favor and check out the menus ahead of time if you're planning on sharing any of the pizzas. We would have been able to order much faster if we hadn't argued for so long over which of the pizzas to get. We ended up agreeing on the quattro... whatever is Italian for cheese probably - and the red pizza with sausage. The 4 cheese white pizza is delicious, but very rich. I'd probably get a lighter one to go with it next time. Their pizza with arugula and walnuts perhaps (La Noce maybe? I can't remember all the actual pizza names). On an interesting side note, a friend of mine chose to brave the line at Pizzeria Bianco last night, and wound up wishing he had gone to Cibo instead. Advantage Cibo!!
5	Fantastic pizza! Authentic flavors straight from Italy!
5	Cibo is the CUTEST eatery I have ever been to in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. My boyfriend and I happened to be in the area, and turned to our trusty pal Yelp for some assistance. With four and a half stars and over 500 reviews, this place definitely caught our attention. Located just minutes away from Downtown Phoenix, we were almost deterred away when we found Cibo located next to residential properties. But when we walked in, we were definitely down. It looks like a little tucked away cottage, something you wouldn't find next to the city. The place is literally built in a refurbished little home. We walked in and were seated immediately. The menu was a tad difficult to understand, but wasn't that much of a deterrent, as we used yelp photos as our guide. My only complaint is that they don't serve pizza until 5 p.m., but that wasn't really a big deal, as we made choices on the menu regardless. I got the cous cous salad and the boyfriend got the meatball sandwich with chips. Cous Cous salad came with fresh spring mix lettuce, diced grape tomatoes, pine nuts, cous cous, onions, and some other ingredients, and was dressed in a light lemon dressing. The dressing really was refreshing and light, but the salad itself was super filling and extremely flavorful! I would recommend it! The meatball sandwich was really delicious as well. The meatballs seemed authentic and fresh, and it came with melted cheese and warm marinara sauce in between the crispy, yummy bread. The bread that they served on the side of the entrees wasn't bad at all-- but it was served cold, which wasn't very appetizing, so I only ate one piece. Service is friendly and helpful, and unique. I like places that allow their employees to dress how they wish. It adds a homey flare to the restaurant. We definitely need to return for dinner on their cozy little patio! When I'm in the Downtown area again, I'll make sure to stop by at Cibo
5	This place is awesome!!! A real hidden gem. I love the great variety of the menu. Went for a freinds birthday dinner, the 3 pair bruschetta was so good every one of the 3 different toppings were excellent. For dinner I had the pomodoro fresco... Amazing! The wait staff was very nice and helpful. Recommend this place to anyone perfect for parties, date nights, casual meeting with friends.
3	I am quite disappointed after reading all my friends brag about this place. I brought my now wife last Valentine's Day here and we showed up a little early before they opened and bottles and glasses that were left out from the night before. So we came back and there was a line, which isn't bad but we got sat right under the tree. We ordered a  salad that was had pear's as the main ingredient and there weren't many pears and dabs of honey. Just thought it was a little cheap. Then the pizza, there wasn't much cheese on there and the ingredients seem to be again cheap. The dessert seemed to be the same way.Finally when the waitress brought our check and came back with the change she said she didn't have time to get us the change so we could add that into the tip. So she shorted us .40 some cents.I will try this place again given the reviews and telling my friends about my experience, will probably sit inside.
3	I hear my friends brag about this place all the time, so I decided to check it out myself.I am kind of disappointed, I expected more...The pizza was alright, not much of toppings, and very little cheese, I felt like I was just eating dough.Dessert on the other hand, Nutella crepes! Delicious!! Service, was alright, I don't think I even got our servers name....
4	One of my favorite pizza places in Phx. Comparable to PB, as many have noted, but without the wait. I love me some wood-fired pizzas and theirs is pretty legit. The decor is very homey and imtimate so it's suitable for date nights. They also have yummy crepes for dessert, so get that if you're not stuffed.
4	Pizza and salads for dinner, sandwiches and salads for lunch - what's not to love?We love brining people here. The atmosphere is great and when the weather is nice you can sit outside!  (It's a little too dark to see the menus but the atmosphere is great.)We usually get the margherita pizza. For lunch I get the smoked salmon sandwich.  Both are yummy!
1	Not sure what all the fuss is about this place. I have eaten real pizza in Napoli. My husband lived in Italy for a while and I'm from Brazil. We like fresh authentic food. This place is cute, nice atmosphere. Service was ok, we waited a while to be seated even though they were not busy. Took several minutes to get us menus. We ordered a white pizza and a margherita pizza. Both were OK only. I found the crust hard and dry. The desert menu had only nutella products... The taste was blend for the most part. You could not taste quality or freshness out of the pizzas and appetizers we had. The taste was Americanized for sure. The menu had a huge selection, kind of overwhelming. Nothing special about the food or the place, over priced actually. The pizza sauce tasted like a can product. We will not be coming back. We will keep POMO Pizzeria as our place for good pizza. To add, the place is a bit too dark. The live music outside was nice but we wish the guy had a better sound/voice so we could try to enjoy being there. The kids liked though. Other reviews that say this is a good place they never tried Pomo yet. Side note, this is NOTHING compared to Pizzaria Bianco or Pomo. You can compare Pomo and Pizzaria Bianco, not this place! This place was all looks and show, nothing else.
5	The food was soooo good. We got a pizza and a sandwich. The pizza was so delicious I ate almost the whole thing myself. After that we got a crape with nutela. This is a must get. Definitely going here again.
4	This is some of the most authentic Italian pizza I've had in Phoenix The crust is baked to perfection, and the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. I've been twice and enjoyed the romantic courtyard seating both times.  It's perfect for a date night, but also great for a dinner with friends and family. As for portion size, the pizzas are big enough to split, especially if you get an appetizer. Save room for dessert as well! Last time I was looking for something smal and tried the cioccolatino--it was amazing! The only thing I would hope for is a more expanisve menu--maybe offering the sandwiches for dinner as well. Cibo does mean "food" in Italian, after all. :) I'd love to see what their pasta would be like!
4	In town for a very short trip when a local recommended Cibo.  It never ceases to amaze me that Phoenix is right there with NY & CT when it comes to pizza.  There has to be something in the water in that town.The spot is in a nice residential area.  I was seated immediately.  I really love the flexibility with the pizza.  Unlike other pizza joints, they allowed me to split my pizza so that I could try different flavors.  I went with a 1/2 Salsiccia - tomato sauce, sausage and mozzarella and 1/2 Tartufata - mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and a drizzle of white truffle oil after the pizza is cooked.  It is everything it had be billed. Service was attentive.  Price was very reasonable for what I got.  Worth the drive.
2	2 words--not impressed. I called ahead to see if we could make a reservation for our party of 3 as we had show tickets and was informed that they do not take reservations for parties smaller than 8. I was assured however that we should have NO PROBLEM being seated promptly at 6PM on a Saturday evening. Our show was at 8PM so I figured a 2 hour window should have been ample. It's just pizza--how hard can it be? Boy was I wrong.Well guess what? The restaurant was P.A.C.K.E.D. We waited 20 minutes to be seated which wasn't too bad for a Saturday evening at a popular spot but when the expectation was already set that it "wouldn't be a problem" to get seated, it was annoying.  The hostesses were friendly and pleasant tho so it was hard to be outwardly annoyed. We were finally seated inside and proceeded to wait some more for a server to come by and take our drink order. 10 minutes passed when I flagged down a busser to ask if we could get someone to take our drink order. A few short minutes later, our server arrived and so it began...the glare. The "can't you see I'm very busy and you'll just have to wait" glare. Sigh. Because we were seated in a smaller room, it was very noisy and our server REFUSED to speak louder to share with us the beers they had available. We aren't deaf...it was just loud. She wouldn't move closer to the person asking, she wouldn't speak louder, nothing. And then she walked away...and 10 minutes later, she passed by to inform us that the bartender was backed up and it would be a few more minutes but didn't stop long enough to take our appetizer or dinner order. Fortunately, the busser was VERY on top of keeping our water filled so at least we had SOMETHING to drink. Drinks finally came out and we had to ask her to take our appetizer order. Again the "can't you see I'm busy" glare. It was 30 minutes after seating that our appetizer finally came. We ordered the Burrata which is fresh mozzarella with proscuitto and toast. Although the mozzarella and proscuitto were delicious, the toast was burnt...visibly burnt. I'm not even sure why she put it in front of us that's how burnt it was. But, we couldn't send it back because no one ever came by to check on us. More time passes and everyone in the room has received their appetizers, entrees, and have moved on to dessert except for us. We are still waiting for our entrees and are watching the clock. At 7:20, I flagged down our server who gave me the glare again to ask her if our pizzas were coming out soon as we had show tickets. Instead of "I'm so sorry for the wait, let me check on that for you" I received the "I'd call you a bitch if I wouldn't get fired for it" glare and this time the glare was accompanied by a lecture that there was a party in the Carriage House. I had NO idea what the Carriage House was or why a party there had any effect on our meals but our server had already huffed off before I could ask. So we googled. Turns out Carriage House is part of Cibo where they serve large parties. Good to know...would have been better to know back when we were getting seated about these delays but so be it. Our pizzas arrived at the table at 7:30 PM. We have now been at Cibo for 90 minutes. Our show was at Comerica and was starting at 8PM. We scarfed down that pizza as fast as we could and Ms. Glare left us the check at least when she dropped our pizzas. After all that waiting, rudeness, and more waiting, honestly? I've had better pizza at Picazzos. This pizza was thin looking but was doughy. The sausage on the Salsiccia was sparse at best. The Rustica wasn't cut properly so we were fighting with the proscuttio. Both were just ok. It was really very anti-climatic. Cibo was a major disappointment. Considering all the rave reviews here on Yelp, I am that much more disappointed that our experience was so dismal. I wish I could tell you our server's name. If she said it, we sure didn't hear her and I'm pretty sure she didn't say it. There are lots of other options downtown. You might consider not going to Cibo unless you go with a larger party because apparently that's the only way to get good service and properly prepared food.
5	Delicious!
5	One of my favorite DT PHX joints... EVER. I've been here several times and have always had an amazing experience. Cute place, friendly staff, quick service, excellent food... I mean, I couldn't possibly ask for anything more. The first thing you need to do is get the Burrata as an app... holy COW it's creamy, yummy amazingness on a plate. Funghi pizza is one of my faves. The Capricciosa pizza is also delicious. Okay before I remake the entire pizza menu... they're all amazing, it just depends on what you're in the mood for. When we visit here for birthdays or other special occasions that are deserving of dessert, we always get one of the crepes that have Nutella and other fun stuff in them so make sure you get one!They have pasta night on Tuesdays and all of them I've had in the past have been great. Each Tuesday they feature two different pasta dishes, and it varies week to week. They have a great selection of wine and are great at suggesting a certain type you'll enjoy. They also serve brunch and lunch. I haven't been to either but plan to head there for brunch soon! :)
4	We went to Cibo for the first time with a group before the Lady Gaga concert.  It was my first time and I was very curious since I hadn't realized it until we went there that this had been suggested by another friend a few weeks earlier.  Cibo is just west of Central Ave and very close to ASU Downtown and the Light Rail. Phoenix loves their "Housetaurants" Former houses turned restaurant. For this place, it works.  Walking up, the entire "front yard" is the patio seating.   Very cute setting lined with table umbrellas.  The lighting was enough to be comfortable in the setting and made it cozy.   It was charming.  If our friends had not been their before us, I would have suggested we sit outside.  It was super cute.  We get in and we were seated in the back, a little pocket in the back of a long room.  I guess it was becuase of the size of our group.  After looking over the menu, most of us decided to go with individual pizzas.  I got the Margarita pizza.  When i got it, it was delish!  It was pretty large for an individual so you might be taking some home.  We also got the Ostia Salad.  Wonderful flavors and the sharpness of the cheese shaved on it was a great start to the meal. One thing that was slightly off was the service.  When we got there, it was pretty empty and we were one of 2 tables in that section.  Our waitress, while knowledgeable of the items, always seemed like she was in a rush and really didn't give us the time.  My friend asked her a question and then when she took a second to make her decision she said "Ok, well I'm going to have to come back to you, and went on to taking the rest of our orders.  It was kind of the tone and the fact she seemed rushed.  She also didn't visit the table as much as she should in my oppinon, especially since we were stuck in the back corner.  Then at the end of the meal, we saw why.  18% auto gratuity.  It never fails big group, poor service.  It wasn't bad enough to not go back, and like I said she was knowledgeable of the menu, but her overall attitude seemed like we were an inconvenience to her. Maybe she was missing the concert because she had to work? :)   Oh well, no big deal, we would definitely go back!
4	Come for the pizza and stay for the atmosphere.  I would wager that everything on the menu is awesome but I've only been here two times now and both times I have gotten the pizza and a salad.  The Genova pizza is so good.  Its mozzarella, fresh basil and roasted potatoes.  Seriously, once you sink your teeth into it you realize what a good decision you made.  I also had the margarita pizza and it was excellent as well.  The outside seating area is so relaxing on a nice night.  It really has the whole romantic Italian restaurant thing going on and they have really good prices on beer also.  I was surprised that one of my favorite beers was available and even more surprised about the price.  I would recommend this place if you want an authentic Italian experience in a great environment.
3	We came for dinner and it was a cute place. We weren't expecting it to be in a home, but it added to the charm. We ordered the burrata appetizer which had a ton of the cheese but not enough bread so ordered extra bread. Last time I had burrata at a restaurant the cheese was warm which I enjoyed... it was cold here but that is fine. I'm not sure what the norm is for serving it. Sadly, we didn't enjoy the pizza very much. We ordered it half "Tricolore" and half "Tartufata" -- the tartufata side was heavy on the truffle oil and a bit too strong/oily for me. The tricolore was okay.  If I were to come again (if I ever visit Arizona again) I think I would try the pizza Rosses over the Bianches. The bianches just sounded fantastic (these had no sauces).Our waiter was nice. I felt bad for him trying to explain the special as it took well over a minute to describe just the soup. It was amusing as I'd hear him at each table explaining it, but what a mouthful! It sounded fantastic and we were very tempted to order it but we already had too much food.
5	They say Chris Bianco has the best Pizza in town. This place is better, but without the wait and cheaper bottles of wine. I finally became tired of waiting in the line at Bianco's Pizza for hours on end, and wound up at this amazing pizza joint. It's a restored 1913 bungalow on the corner of 5th Avenue and Fillmore with outdoor seating in the cozy front yard; it even has a fireplace to relax if there happens to be a short dinner rush. I have been coming here with friends for a few years now; it is consistently delectable artesian pizza. I believe the chef is from Naples. It is very close to most pizza joints in that region of Italy. Some of my favorites, in this order, are: the Rustica, Tricolore, and Capricciosa pizzas. The balsamic onions are great on some pizzas too for an additional charge. Hands down, the best thing and reason for coming here, is the Burrata appetizer. Average meal is around $17-25, add a $30 bottle of wine and split costs with friends.Mon : 11am - 2pm / 5pm - 9pmTue - Thurs : 11am - 2pm / 5pm - 10pmFri : 11am - 2pm / 5pm - 11pmSat :11am - 11pm - pizzas all day (brunch from 11am-2pm)Sun : 9am - 2pm
5	my absolute favorite pizza i have ever had ever. so great!
5	we are repeat Cibo goers especially on Tuesdays when they have pasta specials.  Everything this place does is the bomb.   The cheese plate they did last time we were there was amazing.  This is a cool Romantic setting type of place, but last time we brought out 1 year old and it is family friendly too.  We just wish it was closer!  We live in Gilbert so it is a bit of a drive, but WELL worth it.  The crepe Suzette is amazing if you like marmalade.
5	Planned a visit back to the Valley and Cibo was my first stop after getting off the plane. The atmosphere was the first thing that impressed me. You walk up to the beautifully lit and cozily warmed outdoor seating space and either wait or get your table. We had a 5 minute wait. Not bad for a Friday night. We shared a bottle of the wine on special and ordered the Il Tagliere to share. This app is highly recommended. It was my favorite part of the meal. A wooden charcuterie board was placed in front of us filled with cured meats, olives, cheese, artichokes, walnuts, and apple. Perfect! I also ordered the Siena pizza. I was generally satisfied with the flavor of the crust, cheese, and toppings, however, they added the large slices of spek and zucchini after cutting the pizza which made it difficult to maneuver. Cibo is a winner. I'd be back.
5	I've been trying to perfect the neapolitan pizza on my own time, so when I first went here, I of course went for the Margherita... Of course I have since tried many of their pies, but I want to focus on the most pristine of their pies, as if you don't have that nailed, you have nothing.Component wise this pizza was top notch.  The crust was leopard spotted, perfect hydration for their oven, salted cornichone... Just perfect.The sauce was excellent.  Not sweet, fresh, tangy, bomb.Their mozzarella is milky goodness, and they throw the fresh bail on last after it's cooked. Magnifico!People go around talking about their favorite pizza spots and it always boils down to some certain pizza configuration; however, a true pizza person must see through this fluff in order to see the true greatness.Cibo has the right oven, the right temperature, the right wood, the right bakers ratios in use on their dough, fresh ingredients, and elegant flavors.  Don't get fooled into this pie or that.  Get into perfection.  Get into Cibo.
3	With all the rave reviews this place gets, I had been wanting to try it for ages.  "As good as Bianco!" everybody says.  My first impression upon seeing the place was very good; for as busy as it was, it still felt small and intimate.  The 30 minute wait wasn't terrible considering the crowd, and after that, we were seated in a small corner of the house with only a few other tables in view.When we arrived, the table on one side of us was empty, and the table on the other side had a family with a screaming baby just finishing up their meal.When the waitress arrived, she took our orders.  I went with the marinara and a bottle of root beer.  The root beer came back barely chilled with a glass of ice.  First mistake.  Bottled soda should be served cold.  Pouring warm soda into ice leaves you with watered down soda.At some point, someone at the table noted that we should have ordered appetizers because our food was taking so long.  Both of the other tables had received new parties, and their pizzas.  The waitress returned to apologize for our pizzas taking so long, but we must understand, there is a very large party they are serving outside.  Now, I don't like to get too philosophical when reviewing restaurants, but if the reason for the delay is a large party, why do the two tables, who were seated 5-10 minutes after us, already have their pizzas?Eventually, of course, we received pizzas.   I noticed right away that all of the toppings could be found in a small region near one side of the pie, while entire slices contained nothing but sauce.  Clearly this was hastily assembled; no problem, I just took a few seconds to spread out the toppings.  Certainly the kitchen could have taken a little more care with my pizza.As it turned out, the pizza was underwhelming.  It was a fine pie to be sure, but there are much better artisan pies in the valley.  If you are going to wait, you might as well go to Bianco.  If you want a crowded environment, go to Pomo.  Those places also have their issues, but they have better pizza.Unfortunately, despite all the hype this place gets, I left with the realization that there's really no reason to come back.
4	Best tasting pizza in Phoenix,  room was small, could not even hear waitress talk, but food was great
4	I am going to be nice and give 4 stars, based on potential, on what was really a three star experience.  We are out of towners craving Pizza.  We Yelp the area and were impressed with the reviews for Cibos.  We pull up to what looks to be a house converted into Pizza Restaurant.  We likey.  It is a Sunday a little past standard lunch time 1:30ish so we didn't have to wait...oh wait I think you accidentally gave us the Breakfast menu, where is the Pizza?.  "uh...well no, actually we don't have Pizza on Sundays until 5PM.  HUH?  Eggs? at 1:30PM on a Sunday?  Maybe 10 years ago when I was single and I slept in until Noon but I ate breakfast HOURS ago.  There were three sandwich selections for lunch and one was almond butter and jelly.  I settled on a grilled Prosciutto sandwich.  If I wasn't craving awesome pizza I would have loved it.  The bread was insane.  Freshly baked to order in their wood burning oven.  The entire family loved their food.  The service was an A+.  The Waitress was really nice and sorry about the no Pizza on Sundays until 5PM thing.
5	Came here with my boyfriend on valentines day after I read a review that said to skip the wait at Pizzeria Bianco (where we were originally going) and come here instead.  I am SO glad that we did!!! Our waiter James was absolutely amazing - very attentive, and knows a lot about the menu - you can tell he is very passionate about this restaurant and likes his job.  We ordered Bruschetta for our starter and it was absolutely amazing.  I don't even like tomatos and I couldn't get enough of their bruschetta board.  We then split a pizza as you can order half and half - I ordered their Trufeta (splg?) pizza - it has truffle oil - and is absolutely to die for!  We finished the night with a strawberry nutella crepe also very delicious.  We talked about this restaurant, the great service, the great food, and the great ambience for the rest of the night; and then took our friends there the following week.  Wish I lived closer I would go every day if I could.  Definitely skip the wait at Pizzeria Bianco and come here instead, the atmosphere is cozier, the wait staff is friendlier, and I think the pizza is way better!
5	First of all, I have to say for all those comparing it to Bianco what a compliment right off the start for this place.  Being compared to a place that was I believe voted the best Pizza in the USA by USA today (I think) should right away tell you something about this place.  I am not going to compare the two as both are fantastic places with excellent food.  If I had a last meal and one of these two were served I would not die unsatisfied!So after about a year of trying to find the right time to go there my wife, 9 year old daughter and myself along with a few friends, we made it to Cibo last eve for dinner.  We goti there at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night, thankfully had reservations and sat right down.  First impressions, am I back east at a great eatery.  The ambiance being downtown outside was just fantastic, something I have not experienced here in Phoenix since moving here in the mid 90's.  Very old world, loved it!We started with two appetizers, the meat plate with cheese, some grilled veggies and some fruit and the eve's special the fried rice and cheese balls with marinara sauce.  Both were spot on, delicious and loved by all at the table.Onto the pizza's, what more can you say than spectacular.  My daughter and her friend had the margarita pizza with no basil, my wife the spicy salami red pizza, they all raved and devoured theirs quickly.  Myself I wanted to try two pizzas and was amazed that at a place with individual pizza's like this you can get 1/2 and 1/2.  What a treat and beyond what I expected at a artisan pizza place like this.  So I LOVE white pizza and went  with one half of the potato and sausage pie and 1/2 of the 4 cheese and spicy salami pie.  WOW is all I can say.  Now the sausage and potato half was very good, but it did not even compare to the 4 cheese and spicy salami.  The cheese on that side had great flavor, salt and spice, I sadly shared one (yes only 1) slice of the pie with the rest of the table and the reaction was the same.  Why didn't I order that?  If you like cheese, salt and spice, this is the pie for you!All that food and yep we still had to try dessert.  My daughter LOVES nutella and they have about 4 or 5 crepes with nutella in them.  She and her friend went with the nutella, strawberry, banana and chocolate crepe with vanilla ice cream on top.  DELISH.  Glad they were kind of full after 1/2 way thru it as the rest of the adults at the table gladly finished it off.  The adults went with the Fresco dessert, crepes with fresh fruit and whipped cream on top.  It was also fantastic (but next time I would go Nutella), very light and a perfect ending to a great dinner.Its quite a drive from my house in S.E. Chandler to this place, thankfully we had an event downtown.  Would I make this trip for dinner with the wife on a weekend eve, without a doubt worth it.  Would I make sure to go there next time I am downtown for anything.  Heck yes!  This is just the kind of place that I love.  Great food, great atmosphere.  One of the most enjoyable dining experiences I have had in Phoenix.
5	The place is always packed.  The ambiance is perfect.  We do take out a lot from there, but it's really hard to get in and out of because they are SO busy!Our favorite pizza is the Capricciosa.  We've had their Calzone but it's not as good.  Maybe someday, we'll try some other items, but for now, we know and love their pizza!
5	Great pizza. Great atmosphere. Very good service. Awesome dessert too! Highly recommend the chocolate Nutella crapes!
5	What a cute place. It's a wood fired pizza restaurant in the middle of a residential neighborhood, really random!The pizza was very good, a lot better than the huge waits at Pizzeria Bianca.  I have never had their pizza so I can't compare, but this is really good pizza with no wait. Saturday at 5 pm, walked right in and got to sit outside.  I haven't seen the inside so I have no idea what it is like in there, but outside is really nice, the birds even walk right up to the table and then fly away.They have "root beer" it's not root beer, it's sarsaparilla marked root beer, it was one of the best sarsaparilla's i've had though but I would not really have it again as I prefer real root beer.The salsicca and genova pizzas were both great.  Salsicca was salami and cheese and the Genova was cheese and some dark greens.  Both were really good tasting and not burnt.I also had the Cioccolino which is a thick chocolate liquer shot.  It was strong but pretty good, but super thick, almost too thick.I must say it's hard to find normal pizzas here, which speaks to the authenticity, but be careful if you bring picky eaters.
5	This place, hands-down, has THE BEST GF pizza!! The decor and atmosphere are more than enough reason to come, but the food...you'll never want to leave.
5	Visiting from out of town, I YELPED and found this little gem of a restaurant.  Delicious, fast, great staff.  The ice tea is perfect!  Loved.
4	Today was my first time at Cibo for lunch after several years of heading there for dinner.  I prefer the lunch menu.  The hot lunch sandwiches are amazing, we had the pulled pork and fried eggplant.  I very small salad comes on the side (it could use more dressing and less large onions.)  All the tables have umbrellas or are in the shade so it is a great spot to enjoy the beautiful March weather.
5	It's not often when you have high expectations for a first time visit , and the staff and food EXCEEDED those expectations  from Karen , Melissa and the friendly bartender and !  Try the white pizza with salami - ( DiNotte ) out of this world , great salads - all fresh ingredients!!
2	The food is SO good but I literally ALWAYS get awful service! I complained to management for the awful and rude server we had, they respond and apologize and also offered to comp our next meal but it just has not become worth it to me considering there are plenty of other GREAT pizza places around town that also have awesome and friendly service.
3	Food is great..their burrata could be the best I have had in the state of Arizona. Great ambiance especially on the patio for this time of year, ride the bike up, chill on the patio with a glass of vino, and presto you are relaxed. I dropped 2 stars because honestly the last two times I have been there the service was downright slllllloooooooowwwwwwww....I don't like putting minutes on the time that I was waiting because honestly (and let's be honest) you can pretty much bet that if you are thinking "I was waiting 20 minutes for a glass of wine" it was probably about 7 if that, however it felt like 45 minutes and that is considering that the ambiance was amazing and I had great company. Love the food, love the outdoor patio, but I probably could have made wine at my table faster.
5	The place was packed and with good reason: just had the best pizza ever! Love the variety of people that come here, it's a colorful mix of shorts and flip flops & Sunday best.
5	Delicious.  They have this multi-cheese pizza (3? 4?) don't quite remember - but it was fantastic.  Only problem is that the place can get crowded and loud.  Tables are really close together.  Wish they offered takeout, but in the meantime, I'll keep heading over for their homemade mozzarella.  Husband loves it too.  I hear they have a fantastic wine selection as well, but I don't drink so I can't review that specifically.
1	Food was 3 stars.  The service was 0 stars due to Evon, our server, asking me after the meal was over why I only tipped her $5 for a $57.38 bill.  I gave her an extra $2 in cash but felt that she really did not deserve anything.  She was short with us and did not smile once.  We had 2 adults and 3 kiddos in our party.  She made us feel unwelcome and very uncomfortable.  James, another server, on the other hand was very friendly and even gave us a tip on a great ice-cream place to try out.  I gave an extra $2 for him.  I WILL NEVER EAT HEAR AGAIN AND WILL TELL ALL MY FRIENDS TO NOT COME HERE.  You make ok pizza in a quaint old house and I like your venue.  Please retrain you staff to not ask customers why they tip the way they do.  It is called a voluntarily gratuity for a reasons and I do not feel like I have to justify my tips and be interrogated.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.  i AM VERY SURPRISE FOR A PLACE AS NICE AS THIS.  We visited on Friday, April 12 at 12:57 PM I paid with my American Express card no. 233098. Thanks for reading.
5	I picked up a friend from the Airport and came across this cute little patio/restaurant while driving around downtown Phoenix. When we were seated, we enjoyed the warm sunshine and live music they were providing on s Sunday afternoon. I ordered the Porcellino sandwich: homemade  BBQ pork with fontina cheese. The service was awesome and kept our ice teas filled up at all times. A little history on this place: Set in a restored 1913 bungalow, Cibo (pronounced "CHEE-boh") has hardwood floors, exposed brick, a stained-glass panel and a fireplace to set the mood while revitalizing the downtown Phoenix area with beautiful salads, antipasto, artisanal pizzas and housemade fresh pasta.
4	Hands down, best gluten-free pizza in my 6 years of gluten free.
5	Wow! I'm really glad I came here tonight! I've heard lots of good things about this place and finally came here for dinner tonight. What a treat!  It turned out to be a really positive experience, and I had a good time.My friend and I were seated right away and we decided to sit inside instead of on the patio. Neither of us had been here before, but since it seems to be a popular joint, and we had an idea of what to expect.  The place is an old house turned restaurant, and its really well decorated.  Nothing over done, but done just right.Our server was real a real cute guy, and he told us all about the menu.  If you want to get one pizza and do half and half, you can do that.  They also have a great wine and alcohol menu as well, and I wish I would have ordered something to go with my pizza.I went with the dovita pizza, which came with cheese and salame.  Tasty!  My friend got a half and half pizza, but I can't remember which one.  Food was all around good, and service was awesome.I would love to return in the future as it was a really wonderful experience.  I love you Cibo!!
5	I can't think of a better place to enjoy a glass of wine and an amazing antipasto or calzone. This place has probably one of the best patios in Phoenix and the coolest part is that it is an old historical district house that was transformed into a mom and pop style italian kitchen. I have tried quite a few things on their menu from the burrata and proscuitto to multiple different pizzas and they have managed to walk away unscathed and for that, the patio, the service, and ambiance I think they deserve 5 stars.
4	This place is romantic.Seriously. Reese Witherspoon movie romantic.Housed inside a lovely old home.  Nice little garden out front, with twinkling lights strung over head. If you recently messed up with your lady friend, a bottle of wine on this patio and prior transgressions will be forgiven.And you know what? The food is good! Really good.  All fresh, home made pasta, fire oven pizza's, everything made with care and attention to detail.  Parking can be a hassle, but worth it.
5	I was visiting Phoenix and met up with an old friend at Cibo. When I was driving down the street I was a bit concerned that my GPS had led me astray since I was driving past houses all the way up until I saw the restaurant. The unassuming location made me feel like we had found this hidden spot only the lucky few knew about. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was attentive, water glasses were always filled (much appreciated since I was not used to AZ heat), and we felt welcomed. The waiter gave us some much needed guidance with the menu since everything listed sounded unique and amazing. I decided to go with a pizza that had potatoes on it and was thrilled with my decision. Both of our pizzas were delicious and we enjoyed some suggested wine. I thought the meal couldn't get any better... but then we ordered the nutella and banana crepe. Seriously it was one of the best crepes I have ever had. We sat outside and the atmosphere was charming and inviting. I felt as though I was sitting in my own garden or backyard. They have twinkle lights in the trees and you feel like you should be on a movie set. Next time I am in Phoenix Cibo will be my first stop!
5	If you are looking for the urban feel and wonderfull pizza look no further! Cibos setting couldnt be any better, in a vintage house on an historical street and touches of detail everywhere it instantly puts you in a great mood. And the FOOD! Try anything and you will not be dissappointed but if you want to be pushed over your culinary edge......desert crepe's!
4	I am a fan, period. I wish someone would take me here, but I might just go alone or with my mom... Hah.
3	The pizza didn't really impress that much, it was just alright. You come here for the atmosphere. It was nice to seat outside withe lights on the tree.
5	relaxed atmosphere.  great brunch!
5	I think that if you come here with a large group, the wait is longer, but I came here with only one other person, and we were seated right away. However, we sat inside and wished we could have experienced the lovely outside ambience. Next time. The two of us shared a pizza and it was perfect! One of the best pizzas I have ever had, and I would consider myself to be a pizza lover. I would now like to try Pizzeria Bianco so I can compare the two.
5	I visited Cibo for a Iight, late dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the fresh food and beautiful patio.  The desert night sky looked lovely while I enjoyed the house salad and antipasti plate!  I hope to bring my family next time we are in Phoenix.
5	If there were 6 stars I would give them all. Everything was great including the casual, outdoor seating. Our server was very friendly and took great care of us. From the start we liked him as he knew his menu and was able to recommend, wines, appetizers, and entrees. When the kitchen let him know they couldn't prepare one of the pizzas we ordered he immediately suggested one he thought would be comparable and he was right. Everything was delicious! Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	A little bit of a wait, but a must on the eats list! All fresh & quality!
5	Delicious pizza! Definitely a wait at dinner time, even on weekdays though. Waited about half hour after arriving at 7 on a Thursday. But 100% worth the wait.
4	Went here before a comedy show! Great food and atmosphere.
4	Great vibe at the restaurant and excellent service.  My friends and I had a flight to catch and asked the waitress to expedite our order.  Food was out very quick and we were done with our dinner with time to spare.  Food was good also.  Loved their thin crust pizzas!
5	Cool dining spot among trees and an old Phx. neighborhood. The food and service were good and the Pizza was great. The wine was decent and the prices were very reasonable. Small lights were lighting the tree branches and giving a different vibe than most places in town. Nice, weve been there a few times and will be back
5	What a very pleasant surprise.  This is a converted house in the middle of a quiet residential neighborhood turned into a pizza place.  Tables are scattered inside and on the front patio, where there were beautiful white lights and live music.  Red sauce pizza was fantastic!!
5	I love their Burrata cheese, it is to die for, and of course their pizza's are amazing! Nice patio seating is a plus, and it's not too hard to find good parking in the area.
4	This little gem in downtown phoenix is easy to overlook. Located in what appears to be another house in a residential area but is actually a quiet Italian restaurant. The place is nestled behind a row of trees that afford some privacy for the patio diners. The menu is mostly comprised of pizzas but it offers a wide selection of both red and white sauce varieties.  There is also a decent selection of salads to accompany your meal.  Tonight I shared a salad with goat cheese strawberries and cartelized walnuts. Very delicious combination.  For dinner I had a red sauce pizza with artichokes, prosciutto and olives(whole). Quite a scrumptious flavor explosion. I didn't sample the desert menu which is made up of crepes of various flavors, although most of them entail Nutella. The servers were extreme knowledgeable about the menu and provided excellent service.  Although I have to admit that the service was a little slow at the end. Overall this was a great place to spend a dinner with friends and celebrate a birthday.
5	Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola, mozzarella and spicy salame  One of my top 5 pizzas of all time...and I've had it many times...doesn't dissapoint.
2	Hello.. We eat here at least once a week. We enjoy their pizza and brunch. Specific items only, as this place can be over priced. There is a server named Tom who is severely lacking the "service industry" bone... He is by far the worst server there. He has ruined several of our experiences. To the point that we specifically request to not be seated in his area. When we complained about him we were told that he is apart of the owners family. Despite the many complaints he is still in the front of the house. So sad. His communication skills are more suited for the computer world.Today is mother's day and I brought my family there to eat. The food was cold and we were surrounded by flies inside of the restaurant. Horrible first time experience for my family. We keep trying to give cibo the benefit of the doubt but we are running low on chances as of now. I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer. The service and quality of food is not consistent.
4	Such a cute little place. We really enjoyed the pizza.
4	While a little difficult to find and park, this place is great.  I love the atmosphere and the pizza is good and has unique topping combinations.  The deep-fried cheese balls are a great appetizer as well.
2	I still haven't figured out the new bandwagon of the burned crispy crust pizza usually associated with the much cheaper frozen-for-microwavables. Congratulations, you served a "new kind of pizza" because you threw 2-3 items usually not thrown together on top of a big oven cracker.All that disclaimer being said, go to Humble Pie and get their Fig & Prosciutto pizza. It really is the exception to the rule. Plus, there's the not burnt bonus, and crust I'd consume. It was hard for me to admit out loud that the cacophony-pizza craze had a desirable item for a guy who would still like to enjoy his food if he's having to pay for it in duplicate all for the atmospheric air of trend.
3	For an artisan pizzeria, it's pretty good. Not so spectacular that I will insist that all my friends go there, but if someone suggests it, I certainly won't argue against their decision to take me there.Also, their crepes. Delicious.
2	I don't understand the great reviews for this place. I went here on a nice evening and decided to sit outside. The atmosphere outside is alright. Cute little old house set up. Big deal. The service is horrible and our waitress didn't seem to listen at all. We ordered some bruschetta. It was ok at best. We then said we were probably interested in trying the lasagna, but to come back in a few more minutes. We told her we changed our minds on the lasagna and wanted to share a four cheese pizza. About 5 minutes later, we get lasagna. She said sorry it came out so fast and the pizza would be out in 10 minutes. We decided it wasn't such a huge deal and we could take that home. However, it is totally rude for one person to get their food and not the other person. Who does that?? We then get our pizza. On to the awful food. Like I said, the bruschetta was ok. Postinos is 100 times better. The lasagna, we just boxed. My boyfriend ate it the next day and said it was horrible. I make much better at home, and this was some extra special dish they had. The pizza.......oh my. It SERIOUSLY tasted like I took a bunch of cheese and melted it in the microwave. It was some of the worst pizza I have ever had. I will never go back. Horrible service and horrible food. I don't get why they have such good reviews. Maybe because it is in downtown and its a cool place to go hang out. Go to Angels Trumpet.
4	Ahh...Cibo...such a great restaurant and one of my top five pizza joints in the Valley.  Great atmosphere, the service is stupendous and the food is to die for.  Why no pizza at lunch though?
1	I'll try anything twice, that's always been my motto.While the staff is very kind there is a hint of disdain.  Perhaps it was my "Bearded for her pleasure" shirt.  I actually enjoyed everything about this restaurant, except for the food, atmosphere and service.
5	GREAT Experience! I went with a group of 5 during dinner on a weeknight. We were promptly seated, service was friendly, and the prices are competitive. The atmosphere is very cozy and quaint. The calzones are HUGE. I ordered one for myself, and it could easily feed two people. The pizza and cappuccino are also delicious. My friend is full-blooded second generation Italian, and she said this was as close to authentic as it gets! Overall, it was a wonderful experience!
4	First visit and I have to say, the food was outstanding and the ambiance was perfect.I had heard good things about Cibo in the past so I was a bit confused by the less-than-stellar reviews showing up lately but decided to give it a chance anyway and I couldn't be happier I did. The evening's weather was beautiful so my date and I sat out on the patio. Twinkling string lights and lush plant life complimented by the trickling of a few water features really helped set the mood. Giving the patio almost a Naples feel to it. We decided to order the caprese salad to split and a couple pizzas (one veggie, one mushroom) to share. First out came the salad and I was already impressed after the first bite. The tomatoes were sweet and juicy and the mozzarella tasted so fresh I swear I heard it moo. Next came the pizza. Now, understand, I consider myself a bit of a pizza snob so It takes a pretty good pie to impress me. That being said, Cibo impressed the hell out of me! The crust was airy and elastic with that perfect rustic baking taste. Again, the fresh mozzarella and ripe tomatoes made an appearance and with the addition of our toppings I was a happy man. I only wish I wasn't such a hog so I could have saved some for lunch the next day. The only reason I couldn't give Cibo a five star rating was the service. Although our server was as nice and the food came out timely, there was a definite lack of attention. We were in a bit of A time crunch and I had to end up tracking her down to ask for the tab, then again to actually pay it. That being said, everyone has their off nights and the food was so delicious that I well be back many times.
4	Right off the bat when you pull up to Cibo, you get the feeling that this will be a different experience.  It's located in a what looks like a residential neighborhood, with older nicely kept homes around it.  They have a very nice patio with a cool ambiance to it, right off the street but not noisy. And lots of heaters on the patio.The inside of the place is really cool as it's an old bungalow house, with very few apparent modifications, so it retains the original charm.Service was very good, with great knowledge of the menu and ingredients, since there were definitely some things on the menu I didn't know about.  The server was attentive, but not overly so.  Given their menu, I think they're aware that people often have take a bit longer to decide what to order.And of course the food..Awesome antipasto, fresh ingredients, a REAL Italian menu.This would be a good place to bring people from out of town to show them we have some cool ambiance and great food right in central Phoenix.
4	We used to live a block away from Cibo. It was our go-to pizza place and for good reason; it's delicious! Their Margherita pizza is divine, and only $10! Writing this review makes me want to go back, like, NOW for the Funghi or the Vegetariana. Think about it, you're dropping the same amount of money on a quality, fresh pizza as you would at some crap joint. This place can get real busy, so we usually do take out. I remember it being warm inside during the Summer months, but there's no way to escape that when you go to a small restaurant that has its doors open.
4	I enjoyed my 2 visits here; both were during lunch. The place was packed inside so I decided to find a nice shady spot on the patio. Both meals I had were very good, the Apple salad was delicious! A 5-Star for me and served with some fresh baked bread (that the birds were demanding from me throughout the entire meal). The next day I tried the personal pizza; the crust was nice and crispy but to me the sauce seems a little too bland... maybe a 3-Star rating. I'm a big pizza fan so I'm quite picky with my pizza. Overall it was a nice place; great patio space with lots of nature (aka - attack of the tiny birds LOL). Parking is the biggest problem here... I had to circle the block 3 times looking for a curbside spot and I still had to walk about 3 minutes to the place.
5	delicious!!
3	I do NOT understand the hype with this place.  I was expecting to be blown away.  I was not.  It is ok.  The sauce is not that great on the pizza, but the crust was amazing.  The sausage was pretty bland, too.  Cheese was good, just needed a little more.  The pulled pork sandwich had a super wood flavor...a little too much.  The fruit salad was just ok.  It's good but not great.  I prefer the Parlor for pizza.
5	The eggplant parm sandwich is amazing!
4	Pizza and salad were great!  Sandwiches are really good as well.  Good atmosphere and nice staff.
5	Been here a few times. The most recent time we decided to have a group of 10-12 for dinner and they were pretty busy. Despite that the food was quick and service was pleasant. Great selection of beers and the pizza was great (we tried a significant portion of the menu). Definitely worth checking out and reasonably priced.
4	Went here on a date a while back with the lady. The food was delicious and it was served quickly. They had a pretty solid craft beer selection too. I'd definitly go back.
5	Diavola. I'm pretty sure this was the best pizza I've ever had in my life. I was not expecting to think that while shoving hot slivers of flavorful dough, just enough mozz, and spicy pepperoni while just trying to catch a bite on my road trip up to Page. The Capri salad was also refreshing with pesto dressing and pine nuts. Super fantastic place. The outdoor seating looks quite heavenly as well.
3	I went to this place with one of my friends.  He had been there several times, but it was my first visit.AMBIANCEThe setting is nice and refreshing.  The restaurant seems to be going for a fresh Italian feel, with the cool wine bar up front and the casual wait staff serving food with a smile on their face.  There is a seating area outside with outside chairs, tables, and patio umbrellas.  Inside, it's cozy and a little dark.  There is nothing about this establishment that seems corporate.  I like that.FOODThe food was decent, though I have tasted better elsewhere.  I ordered a salad, and my friend ordered a pizza.  Both dishes were freshly made and came rather quickly.  The presentation was professional, but it looked like the cooks/chefs were trying too hard to make the food appear authentically Italian. Would I return?  Sure, I would.  If I had options to go elsewhere, would I consider those options first.  Yes.
4	I like Cibo better than Bianco as a restaurant, but Chris's pie is still better by a nose. Cibo has bad parking, nice ambience, spotty service, good menu, fresh, high quality ingredients, and good value. Translates to hit the off hours, get a pie, order the antipasto, and have a Nutella desert
4	The lunch menu is good and the fruit salad with the sandwich makes an awesome duo. It's a little pricy, but well worth it.
5	My favorite pizza in Phoenix!
4	The food was AWESOME, but the service was awful! Both my dad and I agree that we have never been treated so poorly by a waiter. The banana nutella crepes and pizza will keep me coming back though!
4	This place has great pizza.  I enjoyed the Genova (at least I am pretty sure that is the name of the pie) and it was wonderful... totally different, it had pesto, with potato and onion... Excellent.  Overall the experience was great, we visited on a Saturday night and it was very loud in the restaurant, especially because the walls are all stone and there is zero sound absorption... so it was near impossible to hear the people of my party.  Overall I would go back.
4	Pizza... delicious.  Absolutely delicious.Cool factor... check.  Awesome ambiance... old house... excellent outside seatingService... great!  Cibo has my favorite pizza in PHX.  Everything I've ever had there has been great.  I highly recommend checking them out.
5	Having been to Naples, I must say that the food at Cibo's is very delicious.  The trouble with Americans is that they are used to all the sauce, all the topings and it isn't that way in Italy.  The point of pizza is to be able to taste each individual ingrediate and you do at Cibo's.  The brick oven preparation of the crust and all of the breads used for sandwiches is by far the best I have tasted.  I highly recommend Cibo's for the food, the ambiance and the service.
3	Must say their pizza and more specifically their pizza sauce is heaven sent! In all of the times I have been to Cibo I must say that the food has been spot on however during the last three visits we have had just horrible service. Once we were told the wait would be close to an hour and it turned into 3 hours. The next time while sitting out on the patio listening to music our waitress came by twice in an hour and a half. When we asked her "Is it busy tonight?" Her reply was no its pretty slow tonight. What? So you must be ignoring us on purpose then. Great food and atmosphere is only half the equation. To be a really great restaurant you also need great, friendly, helpful service and unfortunately at this time Cibo is still lacking in that department.
4	Love the food and the ambiance here. I think it's truly a super cool neighborhood place to hang out and eat good food and just have fun
2	I didn't love this place.. the pizza tasted burnt. we went in a group of 6 ppl and ordered  different types of pizza, but they all were a bit burnt with the burnt taste. Although, I did not like their food the location of this restaurant was fantastic, and the ambiance was wonderful as well with friendly staff.
5	Loved it. Great pizza and fun place. Will go back when back in town.
4	Been here a few times in the last couple years. Always solid and never had a problem. Very cute date spot, actually the bf took me here on our first date, big points! I recommend the capricciosa(sp?) pizza and a nutella crepe with strawberries.Parking is off the street and there will probably a wait, but it will be worth it
5	Great place! Sunday brunch is always enjoyable, sitting on the patio, under the tree. Everything is shareable (which is nice to try a few things). Have been going for years
4	Always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I do wish they had ranch.
5	Haven't even been inside this place yet, but we moved to the Encanto area and with nothing in our fridge opted to order some pizza. Thinking it would take a while we called ahead to order take out, and they said it'd be ready in 10 minutes! Amazing for a place that I've heard so much about and figured would have a long wait.The menu has some delish choices and the Tartufata pizza bianche is beyond amazing. As a picky pizza eater, this is now my new favorite place - and one that my fiance now prefers over the likes of Bianco's. A MUST try if you haven't been.
5	Well, I have been to Cibo several times and I don't think a month goes by that I don't get the craving and desire to drive 40 miles just to taste the food and enjoy the awesome atmosphere at this restaurant!  Truly deserving of the 5 stars!  Very reasonable prices, excellent food and just the best way to experience what a great restaurant should be.
4	Delis ish Pizza, dessert crepes, wine and fun environment. Def recommend for date night, anniversaries or whatever.
2	I have eaten at this place several times  and loved it.. but recently I noticed something has changed..   The food and service has gone downhill  what happened ??     I ordered the sample meat appetizer well there was one slice of each of the meat and the rest mostly cherry tomato's not worth the price anymore..  We ordered 4 pizza's for the table .. they all were under cooked soggy  a real mess.. The taste was bland..  Our waitress seemed like she was somewhere else.. would disappear a lot.  It was almost impossible get water refills..  oh  I forgot mention ... the pizza had a burnt flour taste.. which means they need to clean there ovens..   Sorry Cibo I loved coming to your place but not worth it any more..
5	I agree with the other Yelpers...skip the insane 2 hour wait at Pizzaria Bianco. The pie here is equally delicious (if not better)! Cibo offers the perfect crispy/chewy crust with simple, fresh toppings. Fantastico!
5	This place is fantastic! Great place to meet friends and the sandwiches are great too!
5	Lovely restaurant with great outdoor seating. I am addicted to the meatball sandwich!
2	I was not impressed. The pizza crust on the Margherita I ordered was soggy. I have had better at Pizzeria Bianco or Humble Pie.
4	I love the building and the ambience of the restaurant.  A great place for a business lunch.  We did arrive early to get a table for six.  The staff was friendly and helpful when looking at the menu.  Some coworkers ordered the couscous salad, I had the pastrami and onions hot sandwich. Really good.  Lots of meat, cheese and onions.  I will need to come back and try the pizzas and salads.  Price is decent and our glasses were always full.
5	Excellent wood-fired pizza in a cozy (crowded) setting that used to be a house. Have some time to spend, but worthwhile if you do.
5	I loved this spot. Great food and atmosphere!
5	Love this place.
4	I went with a party of 5 later one evening. The place was busy, but service was really quick. Despite being a larger party, everything went smoothly.The pizza was great! I love when you can taste a bit of the char on the bottom of the crust. It was also a little chewy on the edges, which is my favorite way to have pizza. I don't eat all of the crust, usually, but that night I did!
4	Great food.
5	My favorite pizza in the State of AZ!
4	This past weekend my good friend recommended Cibo to me because I'm a huge fan of pizza! So I said let's give it a shot.Cibo is located in a residential area so parking is limited around the neighborhood. As walked up to the restaurant I became very impressed with outside seating setup. Very intimate with a romantic feel. When I walked in to be seated I was greeted right away. This is always a plus for me. The setup inside is nice. There are dinning areas in each room of the house with awesome art work hanging from the walls.Now for the main attraction! The PIZZA WAS THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!!. He waitress was very kind and helpful. She made great recommendations and I was also impressed with the cheese ball appetizers. I really love cheese... Lol. The pizza was cooked to perfection. I had one side that was a kind of cheese pepperoni and the other covered in bruschetta. Awesome choice I really recommend. I will defiantly be back to donate more money!
4	Great date night spot.  Casual and warm.  Pizza is solid.
4	The best and authentic pizza place in town.
5	Had a nice dinner here with my Girlfriend in our one month anniversary... I really liked the experience... Great food and great Service. Parking was a bit of a hassle but it was fine. Definitely recommend this place :)
4	I have been hearing about the great cuisines in Phoenix and decided to come to this popular Italian restaurant to get a first impression. Located in a house with a spacious front patio, the interior encompassed a full bar area, breakout dining rooms, hardwood floors, and red brick walls. A friendly staff, constant foot traffic, and opportunities for people watching added to the festive, home-like atmosphere. I came here for dinner with a group of five that included fellow Yelpers Fia R, and Kurdy S, and decided to order antipasti and two pizzas to share. For antipasti, we went with the server's recommendation and ordered the Burrata ($14). The platter came with fresh mozzarella, balsamic drizzles, razor thin prosciutto, and toasted bread. I was impressed by the mozzarella, as it was light, airy, flavorful, and easy to spread across the warm crusty bread. The gentle flavors between the balsamic and prosciutto went hand in hand, as they complemented the mozzarella and bread without hindering it. This is a must get for those visiting for the first time. Next, we shared the half Diavola and half Magherita Pizza ($13). The Diavola was pleasantly spicy, as the pizza was inspired by the centrality of spicy salame embedded in mozzarella and tomato sauce. I also enjoyed the Margherita, as the light tasting tomato sauce, mozzarella, and fresh basil were spot on delicious. One noteworthy limitation regarding their pizza was the soft crust. It had a nice flavor but the texture was also flimsy and unexpected. Finally, we shared a half Procida and half Tartufata Pizza ($14). The Procida came with mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, Asian pears, chopped arugula, goat cheese and black pepper. The goat cheese flavor was very sharp, so I didn't particularly enjoy it as much as the other finesse tasting pizzas. The Tartufata arrived with mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and white truffle oil drizzles. I enjoyed the smoky flavor stemming from the pizza, but the combination of strong-flavored white truffle oil and cheese didn't go particularly well for me. 3.5 stars. Overall, it was a delicious meal with plenty to rave about. I suggest interested diners to be aware of possible long waits, especially for those arriving later in the evening. Additionally, I also would not suggest this place to those who have a strong preference for thin, crispy crust pizzas. Their desserts were also limited to crepes, which we didn't care for on that particular evening. I must say, the place is great for dates, but the noise level can be pretty loud. Despite these limitations, our water was constantly refilled, and we were attended to frequently without much interruption. It was a great way to start a new journey in Phoenix. I hope to find the perfect crust in the area before coming back.
5	Its official - my favorite pizza place in Phoenix!  Sometimes it can use a little more cheese, but overall I consistently like all the pizzas I've tried.  Salads are pretty good as well.  Even with the price tag I will return time and again.  Also the fresca crepe dessert is a must try!
4	The food was quite good as was the service. Will definitely be back.
5	We 100% loved our dinner at Cibo. The pizzas were fantastic, and the limoncello was to die for. And while the recommended appetizer was pretty bland (risotto and mozzarella balls), everything else was just delicious. I would go back there for dinner in a heartbeat.
5	Oh my gosh - the best Gluten free pizza ever I am in heaven!! I didn't think that I would survive this wheat allergy but now I have hope!!! The Pizza was crisp and chewy and amazing - I can't wait to try all of the flavors and they even told me that they would make one that was bruschetta - that was poetry to my wheat deprived mind!! Thank you so much!!
5	Best authentic Italian style pizza in town! Absolutley love the food. Long wait, but well worth it. Go knowing you are going to spend some time waiting and grab a drink. You wont regret it!
4	Great spot for some outdoor dining. Whatever else you do, make sure you order the burrata appetizer at Cibo. Just order it. Go. Hurry.
4	Great lunch spot away from Downtown Phoenix.  I love their salads!
4	I love Cibo!!! They have this delicious salad with a pesto dressing and I add their tuna on it. MMMMM Their tuna salad is not like regular tuna salad, because they don't use any mayo. They use olive oil and spices, so it is healthier, but still has a lot of flavor. I have had their pizza before and it is very good as well. Great place and prices for happy hour. I would definitely recommend everyone try Cibo. :)
4	Cibo is a great place for nice dinner!! Compared to Bianco, Cibo has a more local and intimate vibe. Also, they have a bigger selection of pizzas and unlike Bianco, they have other traditional italian entrees (They have homemade pasta on some nights!). When I went it was busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. The servers are dressed really casually, but a lot of the people eating were dressed up. It's kind of a casual place but if you dressed up you wouldn't feel weird. Bianco is the place to try for pizza in Phoenix, of course, but Cibo is just as good...especially if you are looking for something other than pizza too!
4	yum! I can only attest to the pizza; seriously, try the anchovies! delicious
5	Ambiance, service, deliciousness. One of the few places I will eat gluten and dairy for. To die for. Light, quality, amazing.
4	I'm glad I found Cibo while visiting Phoenix! My co-worker and I went on a Wednesday evening around 6 and had no wait/crowd. I love that their happy hour runs until 7. We had wine and the meatballs (fabulous!). Then had dessert before dinner with the fried dough balls that we dipped in Nutella. Loved it! For dinner we shared the Prosciutto pizza and the Diavalo pizza and both were fantastic! It's is cute little rustic place with a beautiful patio. It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
4	One of the best patios down town. They have wonderful appetizers, anti pasta, and unique pizzas. Great place to hang out for the evening with friends. Friendly staff.
5	This place is, as the five stars suggests, as good as it gets.If you are looking for a nice romantic dinner, Cibo offers it all. Great food and drinks, great location, and great atmosphere.
5	A few girls from work suggested we eat at Cibos for lunch. I was a bit hesitant because I am not crazy about Italian food. But, after eating at Cibos I wanted to live there. I wanted to eat everything and proclaim of its awesomeness to the world. Instead, I decided to write a great review.Great selection for lunch, quick service and the taste was out of this world. I tried a Salsiccia sandwich and angels sang when I started eating. Or maybe that was me...because it was AWESOME!!!I will be frequenting this place all the time. I may just try to live there....it is that good!
5	Cibo has been one of my staples and I go fairly frequently, and have for years. I love all of their salads, pizzas sandwiches, the burrata and of course, the crepes. Yum. Double yum. They have a nice wine list, the ambiance is great, and service is great. Brunch is amazing too. The only thing I've ever been disappointed in is that a month ago, i went for lunch and got a pizza.. definitely wasn't of the same caliber as the dinner pizzas. I will stick with 'za and dinner and enjoy their amazing sandwiches for lunch.
4	The pizza's are inventive and really really tasty. I personally think it makes Pizzeria Bianco look overrated.  The location isn't in the historic district, but there's a larger patio, and the inside of the building is simply more comfortable in my opinion. I personally really like this spot in Phoenix. I can also personally recommend it as a great double- or triple-date spot!Family friendly, yuppie friendly, hipster friendly, all with good wine and good food. Walking distance from downtown venues and clubs, it's a great way to kick your night off with good taste and class. If you're a pizza fan, and you're in Phoenix, this would be the place I'd call a "don't miss."
5	I know Cibo doesn't need another 5 star review but they've been a favorite for years now and I wanted to share the love!We've been with big groups, for date nights and everything in between and have always had a wonderful experience.  There is the occasional uber hipster server that feels the need to correct your pronunciation of "bruschetta" but the food always outshines those minor annoyances.If you haven't been to Cibo, it's a must visit!
5	Great food and ambience!! definitely have it right!
5	This place was so cute! I wish it was nicer outside to be able to sit outside on the patio. The food was great! It is a hidden gem! Their appetizers with fresh mozzarella was amazing! I had their pizza with no sauce and it was delicious! I will be coming back  here again.
4	We've been to Cibo twice, both on Saturday afternoons for late lunches after perusing galleries like the goddamned refined culture vultures we are. So yes, of course after 700+ reviews, you're going to know the product is amazing. It just IS. I've not yet subjected myself to the wait of Bianco but I can't imagine it's leaps and bounds better than Cibo. Cibo is dreamy.First off: I want to plan a fantasy fairy wedding party in their front courtyard on a cool spring night. It's just so cute and perfect! The twinkle lights and the wrought iron and the fountains and everything is awesome. Too bad both times we've been there it was approx 48403 degrees out. Sometime soon.Second off: The food is just sublime. What I've partaken in...- Sardegna salad - "baby spinach topped with goat cheese, carmelized walnuts, and sliced strawberries with prosecco dressing" The salad was dressed lightly, the walnuts were plentiful, the strawberries were JUICEAAAAY! A perfect way to start a lunch (along with a glass of bubbly)-Genova pizza - "mozzarella, homemade basil pesto, roasted potatoes, white onions and grated parmigiano" HELLO, YES, I LOVE YOU. I saw a few reviews wishing the potatoes were thinly sliced, rather than the small cubes, but it just seemed perfect to me. The gooey fresh mozz and pesto were the perfect blanket of taste under the potatoes and onion. The crust is wood-fired perfection-Their take on the Margherita: Simple and classic. That's all there is to say. Mine had the perfect amount of basil and again, the charred underneath of the crust was on point.So why 4 and not 5 stars if the food and ambiance seems so flawless? I just got the sense (on both visits) that the staff just didn't care to be there. I understand, late lunch is kind of annoying time to be working, especially on the weekends. But I mean...on our second trip our server came to our table chewing on a mouthful of food. What? Wait times just seem a LITTLE steep., especially with only one or two other tables occupied at both times. One time we got bread, one time we did not. I just wish things were a little more streamlined and a little more careful. I love places that let the staff be laid-back and casual...as long as their job is done. You know? In any case, it certainly won't stop us from visiting again. The food is too good to not! We'll make sure to make our next trip a dinner event in normal dinner times to see if things shape up just a few tiny notches in order to bump them up to 5 stars!
2	Cibo - NOT GOOD!!I heard all the hype about Cibo and how great their pizzas are, we I'm not sure what everyone's talking about because both pizzas lacked quality and taste. First off the crust is very hard and chewy, your jaw becomes sore after half a slice. Not sure what they put in their dough but this is way too tough (maybe need a little more yeast?)  It's almost like eating a cold hard sourdough with tomato sauce on it. The toppings were non existent, a few little sprinkles of sausage, and pepperoni that's it!  The sauce bland, and the cheese just okay, We ordered the meat combo, I don't mind paying for good quality, but for this small little pizza, and for the little amount of topping this was unacceptable. I have been to good quality "wood fired" pizzerias and they were loaded with toppings and full of flavor and wonderful sauce and cheeses. Cibo pizza lacked in all areas, I will not come here again - the ambiance was quaint and nice however the pizza and salads and the rest of the fare is unacceptable.  1 Star for the ambiance 1 Star for the pizzaI will not be back...unless I am going for drinks..
5	Cibo is a cozy little gourmet pizzeria hidden away in an old neighborhood. The pizza is excellent. I would encourage you to try anything on the menu, even if it doesn't sound appealing.  They really know what their doing and if they've put pear on a pizza, you better believe it was for a good reason. The ambiance is great, especially outside when weather permits. they have a respectable wine selection and this is a great place to take a date.
5	Went with a group of 4 people and we all agreed it was the best pizza in PHX/Scottsdale.  Diavola, Tartufata and Quattro Formaggi were flat out unreal.
4	Cibo's pies are ambrosial. Wood fired, thin crusted and a chewy crumb all combine to produce a pizza that will rival any of the famous New York eateries, including Rays. Their pies in a word are simply delectable.Situated in a 1913 ranch house, your seating options are limited to:* Small bedrooms, appointed similarly to a 1913 small bedroom; about a half dozen    tables with about 15-20 people to a room. If you want an intimate experience, these   rooms aren't the place. Despite their talking softly, I still overheard the next table's   plans for In Vitro, and since my wife was absent any form of communication, I    can proudly say I know just about all there is to know about In Vitro fertilization.   Thanks bunches to you two for speckling my lunch with all your sperm speak.* The bar area is also small but quaint and nicely appointed. I'm guessing you need    to time your arrival with the exact moment they unlock their doors if you have   any designs on bar-flying it. * The patio area, where no misters abound, is certain to transform your date into    a sweaty Betty just moments after being seated. Perfect for old hippie chicks who    still sport patchouli as their primary cleansing function.Cibo's parking is limited. Your choices are street parking or street parking. And remember, you're in downtown Phoenix...the same streets playing host to every ass-wart of societal humanity, so be sure to lock your car, set your alarm, and put your valuables in the trunk. Overall, Cibo wins high praises for its fare, despite its quirkiness, lack of parking, and low sperm count patronage.
5	This is one of the better Pizza joints in Phoenix, I would say certainly in the top 5. My only beef with them is their lack of seating but that is a good thing I would guess as they are plenty busy. The service here rocks and the food is top notch. The best thing is they have crepes. YUM. Parking is also hard to find but after a calorie laden meal a nice walk is welcome.
4	Much better than Pizzeria Bianco!  Cibo is a great date spot.
5	We decided to try Cibo after it was recommended by a friend. The restaurant is an old home creating a quaint atmosphere. They have excellent wood fired pizza. For happy hour, try the Polpette and Palline (dessert)-delicious! Service was excellent as well.
5	Really, really nice... The patio is pretty with multiples lights, perfect for springs nights.  Service is GREAT, food IS delicious...
5	So delicious!! Best Pizza I've had in Arizona. And the Burrata was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm in the mood for authentic wood fired pizza.
4	The food is outstanding, as well as the service!
5	Cibo never disappoints!  Tartu Fatta (spelling?), love, love!  A great date spot or even if you want to go alone for a nice dinner and sit at the bar.  Very cozy, comfortable.  Nice wine selection and you can't go wrong with any of the food.  The homemade mozzarella is delish!
4	Love this place. The atmosphere is so nice and relaxing. I love the outdoor seating with the lighting in the trees. The food is very good, though honestly I've had better brick oven pizza. Appetizers are excellent. Desserts are fantastic and come in large portions. I mostly come for the environment though!
3	Cibo seems to suffer from bipolar disorder. We have enjoyed several meals on our own at the bar and with friends at a table or outside for the live jazz. Cibo has all the right stuff but it lacks consistency. One of our visits will be nearly perfect with great customer service, good food and a decent wine selection. The next time we take friends for the first time, the service is lousy, the food is average and the wine doesn't make up for it.I feel in general it's a cool spot to hang out but for the service and food quality it is overpriced. Some time ago we happened to be there on pasta night. Apparently the chef makes all of the pasta from scratch which is cool but because it is labor intensive, they rarely have it as a special. If you get the chance to enjoy their house-made lasagna...don't delay, it is worth every penny! Check it out but be prepared to park and walk since parking is scarce and it can get pretty crowded especially on Friday & Saturday nights.
2	Went last night for first time only because we had a gift cert.  Not impressed. Server was odd, table was crammed in a corner, flies everywhere ..... Just a weird menu selection.  We won't return.
5	Wonderful outdoor patio and delicious pizzas. Perfect date location.
4	Bend over backward service! Margherita pizza to die for. Great wine selection. Good ambiance. YUM!
4	Not too long of a wait.  Super cute little renovated bungalow downtown.  Pizza crust was thin and chewy.  We got the white pizza with mushrooms, prosciutto, and truffle oil and the salami pizza with spicy marinara and both were very good.
2	The Keg at San Tan Village, Gilbert, AZ - Thursday Sept 5th, 2013, about 7:00pm. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.I have been a huge fan of this Keg for many years, so that's what inspired me to write this review. In our party of five I ordered the Classic Filet, medium. When it arrived the first few bites were OK, but on the 3rd or 4th bite I bit into some grizzle. I thought that was odd, being that this was a filet mignon, but I decided to ignore it and kept eating. The last 1/8 of the steak however, turned out to be one big piece of grizzle. That's when I stopped eating and mentioned it to the waiter who in turn called over the manager (he did not offer his name, I did not ask). That's where the biggest disappointment came. I explained the problem to him, and tried to show him how tough the last piece was. He seemed uninterested in examining the offending piece of meat. As if reading from a prepared script for disgruntled diners, he admitted that once in a while a little "silver skin" may escape the notice of the chef (this remaining piece was easily 1/2" thick). And then he proceeded to lecture me TWICE about how I should have let them know early on so they could have corrected the problem, completely ignoring the fact that the problem piece was at the end of the meal. It felt as if he was implying that I was trying to scam a free meal.To their credit, they took the meal off the bill, which was the right thing to do, and no else in our party had a bad meal. But grizzle in a filet? Really? I have never encountered grizzle in filet mignon. There are plenty of other steak places in our area to try out - DC Steakhouse comes to mind - but The Keg has slipped a notch, a BIG notch, in my book. It's a real shame.
5	Went to Cibo with a few friends and shared a pizza. It was so awesome! The waitresses were nice and respectful and if I'm in downtown again ill definitely go back! The pizza sauce was fresh and the crust tasted like heaven!!
4	I have been going to Cibo pronounced "CHEE-boh"over the years. I love the unique space being located inside a house (restored 1913 bungalow), with wood floors.... gives this place a warm inviting atmosphere. The owners are often there, friendly and staff is cool, helpful..... The outside patio area is beautiful on a nice night, white lights decorate the trees adding to the ambiance and coziness of the place. I always enjoy ordering the antipasto for two to share, a pizza or two, some wine and the amazing marscapone desert. Just wish they were open for dinner on Sunday. Check this place out sometime for a unique experience.
4	What a quaint place with good food. Friday night is hard to get a dinner table anywhere and Cibo is not the exception.They don't take reservations so be ready to wait.  The place is cozy with a great vibe and great service. While I was waiting I was grated by every server who walked by me. They looked sincerely friendly and polite. One of the waitress with short hair and a long skirt had a gorgeous smile and was super kind, unfortunately my table was in a different table. Next time I'll try to get a table in her section :-)The food was pretty good. I had the Omero salad. Goat cheese and strawberries among other great ingredients/ It was really good. Nice serving size too.I also has the funghi pizza. Very tasty and a perfect serving.Not sure about the prices since I didn't pay.This place worth the visit for sure.Cheers
4	I've never had a bad experience at this place.  And it is so quaint and wonderful.  I go probably for the atmosphere more than for the food (although the food is wonderful as well).  My one thing would be that because I try to steer clear of pork, maybe more chicken or fish plate options might be nice?
5	Fantastic food and great service.  I can't wait for the weather to cool down so we can sit on the patio enjoying teh music during dinner.
5	This is the best pizza place I have tried thus far in Phoenix. I love that it is located in a house. I couldn't decide between two of the pizzas and they let you do half and half! That really got me excited. I had the truffle pizza and another white one with spicy sausage. They both were amazing! I will be back shortly. Great place to take out of town guests.
5	Nice!
3	I think their pizza is overrated and it always has burned crust.  Supposedly, that comes with wood fired pizza. I'd rather have not-wood-fired pizza then.  Thanks.
5	We were driving through Phoenix and found this place on Yelp. The outdoor patio was lovely, though it was too hot to sit outside at 5:00 p.m. The food was wonderful: a delicious and generous helping of burata, meatballs, and an arugala salad as good as any I've had.  The service was cheerful and efficient.
4	Cibo's is SO good! They're pizza is delicious! -1 star for customer service. Kinda slow and not very personable but still nothing too bad. LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
5	Their pizza is to die for! I cannot keep myself away from ordering the same thing every single time because it's basically everything I've ever wanted in a pizza. Their crust is on the thin side, which is just my style, and has a ton of flavor. Their white procida (sp?) pizza is absolutely amazing: goat cheese, prosciutto and pear deliciousness! The ambiance is great also. I would definitely suggest sitting on the patio (if it's not sweltering hot outside) and enjoying some live music and cocktails. This is definitely a happy place for me:)
2	Honestly, all this place REALLY is, is atmosphere. That in its self is pretty amazing the lights at night, the home-y feel, it's also quite romantic. My date and I weren't that pleased with the food and the dining area is very, very small and tight. Again food wasn't that great, just pizza, really nothing special. Glad i at least tried it out but isn't something I'd return to.
5	Went tonight and had a great dinner. Delicious pizza with 4 cheese and salami. The place is very inviting and service was attentive and personable. The tiramisu was one of the best I ever had. Be back soon!
5	This was the right decision when it comes to brick oven pizza in Arizona. The wait was only 30 minutes and the pizza was so much better than the well known and televised local competition (let's just call them pizza B). The ambiance was fantastic and it was the perfect date spot for the wife and I to sit back and relax. They even had a local musician playing live music to even better the mood for dinner. Service was fantastic and every part of our dinner made the wife and I happy about our dinner choice.Let me start by saying everything I ordered was perfect.The ostra salad was plenty as a starter for the wife and I and it was fresh with fantastic tasting ingredients.The diavola spicy pizza with ricotta added was the best pizza I have ever had.My wife's white pizza was fantastic as well it had mushrooms greens and pork I believe on itThe banana creepes with Nutella and ice cream was oh so yummy.The fresh made iced tea was also unique and fantastic.We left with a 3 course meal for around $60 which is not bad at all for the experience and food we receivedI would most defiantly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	The best thing about this place is the ambience with live music at dusk on a warm evening. Just don't be stuck at the corner table like we were. Some might say the tables inside are intimate/romantic; I'd say more along claustrophobic. The bathrooms, though, are large.  I took issue with service. The waitress was very short (not in length), not attentive, and fazed from her job. Water glasses came 2/3 full, which was weird. I found the pizzas to be just overdone enough to have an off-putting bitterness. And I did not like the tiramisu. It was just thick heavy cream without the nice texture of freshly soaked ladyfingers.  So I don't know if I'll be back..maybe with a smaller group on a not-so-busy night.
3	Was at Cibo a couple years ago- I had read about the place online and decided to check it out while on vacation in Phoenix. Easy to find with the GPS in tow. The tables are terribly close together- but cozy. We had brought two kids with us- not really kid menu friendly. No highchairs, boosters or anything of that nature. I wished I had known that prior to going- perhaps a note on the website regarding their inability to accommodate small children. The waitress was not friendly at all- she seemed annoyed that there were kids with us and rolled her eyes at us a few times. The pizza was good- but enjoyed the antipasto plate more than the pizza. The patio was nice, but it was closed because it was "only 64 degrees"-- shorts weather for us. They seemed like they were trying to rush us out of there to turn the tables quickly-- or to get rid of the kids, I am not sure. I would not go out of my way to visit again.
3	We came down 5th and didn't know where to park - no valet was immediately visable and the streets were packed. We eventually found the valet behind the building but found a spot on the street at the same time so went with that.The give you bread to share which was just ok. The pizzas were all overdone (the crust was burnt) otherwise it seemed like the crust would have been good. Also, some of the pizza toppings were poorly distributed. One had 2 slices with huge chunks of prosciutto but none on any of the other slices. Kind of annoying when you're splitting. The pizzas were all mediocre. I also found it irritating that they don't use those little elevated pizza holders. Our table was PACKED. It was hard to eat.We split a bunch of desserts. I thought the tiramisu was ok but a little dense. If you hate Nutella you're pretty screwed on dessert because 80% of the dessert was heavily Nutella based. The strawberry and Nutella crepe was good, but the banana and Nutella not so much. It had way too much Nutella (which is saying a lot because I can eat Nutella by the spoonful). We also had the doughnut spheres (which were actually more like triangles... who cares but I thought it was weird that they called them spheres). They were not the best doughnut holes + dip that I've had.The atmosphere was the high point - nice patio if a bit crowded and there was live music. I thought our service was not spectacular but sufficient.
4	So delicious. I love the seating at Cibo - spacey and comfortable. Staff is efficient and service is good.Brunch is wonderful - it doesn't get too crowded, and the frittatas are like clouds made of eggs. The serving size is good, and the marmalade is out of this world. I don't even like marmalade, but I could eat this all day, every day, forever.Desserts are pretty Nutella heavy, so if you want something else, you might be out of luck. I thought the tiramisu was pretty good, and the strawberry crepes are great (again, if you like Nutella).Pizzas are beautiful. I would prefer the crust to be a tiny bit crisper, but it's a minor complaint. I do prefer coming here over Pizzeria Bianco - much less waiting time, and better service with very comparable food.Seriously, give Cibo a try.
2	Not real sure what all the fuss is about this place...It is a restaurant which used to be a old house which was built in 1913....there are more tables outside then inside and it is located right on the corner of fillmore and 5th ave......we went there today for lunch only because we happen to be downtown, we would never drive a long way to eat here, not sure why anyone would....We ordered the hot veggie sandwich which tasted pretty good and it comes with fruit or a side salad, we opted for the fruit but be careful and know the fruit comes with vanilla yogurt and granola on top, for those who have nickel allergy ask for no pineapple and no granola which are both very high in nickel...Then we also ordered the white pizza...the thin light crust was the highlight of the pizza, it was very boring and a bit salty....it was nothing to write home about and there are many many other places in town who have amazing white pizza, this just is not it, it totally misses the mark....the pizza is limited during lunch only offering 4 different ones.....we tried the fresca crepe for dessert who is enough for three people, you will need a knife to eat it as the crepe sticks to the plate and it is hard to cut without a knife...I wish there was lots more fruit, it was okay it needed some kind of chocolate or other sauce as the crepe was a bit dry,,,,,,the wait staff was real nice, helpful and able to substitute other foods for my allergies with no added charge....they have hot green tea leaves and the beverages are only $2.00 or less for unlimited refills which is a good price....parking is limited in the back of the building with only about 9 spots but there is metered street parking.......the atmosphere is quaint and the seats inside and out are hard seats with no cushions....if you like atmosphere go , but I was very disappointed in the foods especially after so many people on yelp raved about the pizza, I guess they do not know good pizza, or the cook was having a bad day........
5	The food is OK, but their patio makes it a 5 star. Love it!
4	Bianco will always be a step ahead. =/
4	If you cannot get into Pizza Bianco, come over to Cibo, or come to Cibo first and enjoy the great pizza, sandwiches, and soups made here. The ambiance here is great.  It occupies an old home built in the early 1900's and a patio that makes you feel like home. Went one Tuesday Pasta night which used to occur weekly and still does I hope and had the best pasta since my trip to Italy.  A hidden gem in downtown Phoenix.
5	Great pizza with really fresh cheese and a great pesto salad!
4	Fresh food leaves me feeling light and refreshed every time
5	Can't believe I've lived in Phoenix or 10 years and have just discovered Cibo!!  I went on a Saturday night and the wait for a party of 3 was less than 30 minutes!  The atmosphere out on the patio was amazing and there was also live music!  It didn't feel like I was in downtown Phoenix.We ordered the pear salad, Diavola (add ricotta and garlic), and the special pizza of the night.  The special was a white pizza with broccoli rabe and sausage.  All the food was delicious but I must say that the Diavola with ricotta and garlic was out of this world!  Now that I've FINALLY discovered this little gem, I will definitely be back!
4	Cibo is just a couple blocks from my office and I have to say it's some damn good pizza. I visited there with a couple work buddies for their birthday party a couple months ago. The owners were there hobnobbing with the patrons as the passed out FREE Margherita pizza and two dollar beers. Good beer too! I got a Lagunita's Little Sumpin. Aside from their awesome basically free birthday bash I have been several times before.The starters are delicious and usually change with the season's (I believe). The charcuterie plate is a great way to get your night going with some red wine. It's called Il Tagliere and it really gets me going. The other starters are great too (honestly the starters are better than the pizza)The pizza is delicious but not my favorite in the valley. They do Neapolitan style with a nice sweet dough that is a little chewy. I really can't say much about the pizza besides the fact that it is really good but i prefer the  za's at POMO, Bianco, and strangely La Grande Orange. That being said I have only tried the margherita and the fresco...ALSO! If you happen to be there when they are serving pasta, ditch the pizza and get the pasta you will not regret it.
5	This is the best pizza I have had in Arizona hands down - it is even better than NYC pizza, in my opinion. After trying multiple different pizzas I have come to the conclusion they are amazing and when you can't decide which of two you want from the menu, they have no problem letting you do half and half which is great. They will even let you mix the sauce pizzas with the white pizzas.However, it isn't just pizza that is outstanding here. They have some of the best menu items I have tried anywhere, generally speaking. One of the best being the most tasty cheese plate I've ever had.My suggestion is that if you have not yet been here that you stop whatever you are doing and head there now - your stomach will thank you.
5	This place is great!! Went here on a whim cause it was open pretty late on a Saturday. The pizza is so good I ate the whole thing to myself. The only bad thing is I was to full to order any of the crepes! They looked delicious as well.
3	This place is great.  Food is good.  Service is great and reasonable prices.  The patio area is great specially from Fall to Spring.  Inside is kind of loud and on weekends the wait can be long so I recommend to call in advance.
5	Went in and it was happy hour so ordered a mix of various appetizers and waited until they were done before ordering a pizza. I don't remember what everything was and their online menu doesn't seem to show it, but there were these chewy pieces of dough served with fresh basil, and tomato sauce, a rice ball stuffed with mozzarella and meatballs with crusty bread. All of it was outstanding. Not wanting to leave without trying a pizza, I ordered a margherita pizza and it was excellent. Check this place out, it's very good and services was fast and friendly.
4	Awesome pizza...and burrata! Unfortunately they were out last time I was there. I would come to phx just for that cheese.
5	My woman took me out to go eat at this place.It was actually pretty awesome.I love the authentic atmosphere, and how fast the service is.The shop is tucked away into a little over-looked place in downtown Phoenix, and it's just wonderful...especially if you want a quiet date.Five out of five, no doubt.
5	Stopped here on our way home from Sedona to Chicago.  Had a night to kill before catching the plane the next morning.  My husband had been here before during a business trip and wanted me to try it.  Cibo is located in a renovated house on a quiet street in Phoenix.  If you blink, you might miss it.  We loved the cozy atmosphere and the friendly wait staff. We ate dinner early and it's a good thing too because it was packed with a long line when we left.  Everything we dined on was divine!  We started with the Omero Salad and a glass of  Damiani Chianti. For a salad it was quite tasty.  I ordered the Capricciosa and my husband had the Di Notte pizza.  For dessert we squeezed in Nutella and Strawberries.  Everything we had was heavenly!  We walked away sated and very happy.  Will definitely come here again next time we're in town.
2	I love the food and atmosphere , only reason i am giving it a 2 star is because of oneof the co-owners. he was v rude to my colleagues and I. we came in and were seatedto a table that apparently was reserved for someone else, but wehad no idea, we just followed the server. Later he comes to us and asked if we had reservation and when we said no he accused us of lying and telling the server that we did?!!! On the way out i stopped to assure him that we had no idea that it was taken and he was VERY rude!! Ilove the other co-owners, but this guy knows nothing about customer service or communication.
5	I love Cibo.  Their sandwiches are delicious. Their pizza is fantastic.  The ambiance is excellent.  Service is good.  The price is appropriate.  I often take business partners here for lunch.
5	My boyfriend and I have been to Cibo 3 times and have not been disappointed yet! The atmosphere is charming - it's basically a house that was turned into a restaurant. The interior can get a bit cramped, but the outdoor seating is lovely with a gardeny-feeling and twinkle lights.Each time we've gone, we've gotten the burrata and it's FANTASTIC. I highly recommend it to all the cheese lovers out there! We've also gotten several different pizzas (all of which are excellent) and the Tartugata and the Genova are particular favorites for us. The pizzas are a bit small, so we usually get a few appetizers or a pasta to go with our pizza. The price for the quality of food that you get is well worth it. Also, Happy Hour is a great value - I got a (generous) glass of the house red wine for $4 and it was quite good.
4	Like anyone from New York I enjoy a good slice of pizza. There is something in the water of Manhattan that makes a good pizza. This place isn't so bad compared to what I have at home. I know my pizzas and this place measured up to what I was really craving. The ingredients were fresh and dough was soft. There was a crisp to the crust that added to the texture of the bread. It was all this while enjoying the atmosphere created by the polite and helpful team of waiters. If didn't have to go back to New York, I would hangout here more often.
4	I love the ambiance and the food! Last night was my second time to Cibo and they have yet to disappoint. I've enjoyed dinner on both the patio and inside, and both are equally charming. Great place for a date night if that's what you're looking for. The only reason I rated this experience a 4 out of 5 is because of the time it took for the server to take our orders and bring our check. (We were headed to an event downtown after dinner and were limited on time)
4	Easy in and easy out, this place has good service and has a very nice facility. My experience was just in line with what I had expected. Check em out if your ever in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.
5	Went here when traveling for work as a local colleague recommended. Excellent spot fresh pizza. Fresh salads  and nice atmosphere but the most memorable part of the meal was their deserts. Nutella crepes were unbelievable.  We went with a group of 15 and service was outstanding. Next time I am in Phoenix, Cibo is a must stop.
5	Really enjoyed the pizza and the atmosphere!
4	(Pronounced chee-boh) - Unique pizzas, calzones and salads...and a dessert menu that is 95% Nutella...Yummo!  A beautifully lit patio for dining, which we very much enjoyed this time of year!I had the Procida pizze bianche...Mozzarella, prosciutto, Asian pears, arugula, and goat cheese.  Paired with a Pecorino white wine, it was a melody of flavors in my mouth!  I wish I could've eaten the whole thing in one sitting, but you get a lot for the money and I had to take half to go.Why four stars and not five?  Service was not bad, but not impeccable either.  Parking isn't that great and it's a small place.  However, I don't know about you, but I go to a place for food and service...not available parking.  ;-)I will definitely go back...especially because I didn't have room for dessert!  Maybe I'll start with that next time...
5	My wife and I love going here.  We've probably been there a few times a year for the past 6 or 7 years.  We usually get the pesto salad, di notte pizza and a nougat crepe.  Have never had a bad experience, great place when the weather is really nice out as well.
5	Dammm this joint is good, I mean the pizza.Crushing all pizzerias in the area, no competition.......delicious!!!The crust is perfect. Light crisp in the outside and fluffy in the inside, not too thick and not to thin either. Gives me a NY feel when in the Williamsburg area devouring pizza at spot called Patrizia's.The meats are plump and juicy, great quality, right amount of fresh cheese, I love it.5 stars for quality, presentation, and dining experience.
5	Wonderful pizza! Great setting. Pasta: mmmm could be better. But they make the effort, great service. Reasonable prices. We had a great time, lights in the garden.
3	I finally got to try out this place yesterday at my gfs baby shower. I was soooo excited that I finally made it here seeing that I have had a few friends continuously recommending this place. This could be a great date day/night place or a place you meet up with a group of friends. They offer both in and outdoor seating. I highly recommend outdoor seating:) Beautiful weather during the day and beautiful weather at night plus romantically lit up with small lights around the patio. We were seated on the patio right away around 1pm on Saturday afternoon. We had a party of 10 and had more than enough space.  There was a young boy singing and playing music on the patio, which made the overall ambiance and atmosphere even better especially on any day in Arizona:) The waitress filled our glasses with water and lemon right away. I thought it was a bit strange that the water came with a lemon already in the water because typically they don't and I also happen to be someone who does not like knowing that someone probably used there bare hands to put it there. We waited about 10 minutes until the rest of our party arrived and began ordering our food. About 10min after we order, the majority of us ran out of water and additional drinks people had ordered. So we waited, waited, and waited some more until finally we were able to waive down a different waiter to refill our drinks. Our food began to arrive about 30min after it was ordered. I ordered the Rustica Pizza, which was highly recommended to me by multiple friends and boy was I pleased! The crust was by far the best part! It was semi thin with a crisp bottom crust. The prosciutto was very tender and melts in your mouth and the cheese was just he right amount. This pizza was AWESOME! I also tried some of the entrees around the table including the side salad, which was huge with a variety of organic veggies, fresh parm cheese and balsamic vinaigrette to top, the Caprese sandwich, and the Margherita Pizza, which were all great! Half way through our meal we again waited without drinks for about 15min. We were at Cibo for a total of 2.5hrs and our waitress came by our table 4 times. With that being said we waited around for refills, waited about 30min for our table to be cleared of the finished plates and had to physically get up to get our waitress twice because we couldn't waive someone over to us. My gf had to wait a long time to open her gifts because it took the staff a ton of time to clear a table that should only take 2min to  clean. While we were waiting I decided to use their restroom. On my way there I noticed that the location of the restroom was hard to find and was shoved into a back corner where they also had shoved 8 sets of chairs. It order to get to the restroom I had to walk sideways about 10ft (and I'm tiny!) to the restroom to handle my business. The average size woman would not have been able to fit through such a small space, which to me raises a HUGE red flag. I went to wash my hands and to my surprise the paper towel dispenser was not working so I had to use me pants...lovely! When I got back to the table we finished unwrapping gifts and called it a day. Overall, I loved the food and ambiance and feel that the service we recieved was extremely poor considering that it was not busy at all and there was no excuse for it. I would not recommend this place to groups larger than 6 people and I would also advise anyone who goes here to be ready to test their patience when it comes to service:)
5	I love love love their pizza. I've been there several times and I've had good service each time. This is the place that we take friends to for pizza. The wait time has not been more than 20 minutes even on a First Friday.
4	great atmosphere.... great pizza... delicious wine!
5	It's been awhile since I'd been here and what a night to come.  Pasta night!  Got a delicious gnocchi with shrimp along with a great merlot wine pairing to boot.  The outdoor patio had great relaxing live music and the weather outside is perfect.  As stated in my La Piazza Locale review, this isn't my favorite pizza in town (that title belongs to Pomo).  However, in terms of ambience and atmosphere, you'd be hard pressed to beat the charm of this beautiful bungalow and the gorgeous patio outside.
3	This was our first time at Cibo. The restaurant is rather large but well spaced to provide comfortable casual seating. There is a lot of outside seating. The antipasto shared plate was quite good. The arancini was really good. The pizzas are decent with good quality ingredients and pleasant flavors. Our pizzas had a bit of a battle in the oven though. The desserts were also decent. Overall it is worth a return visit and makes for another dining option in Phoenix.
1	A beautiful decorum does not make for their terrible pizza.
5	I love thier arugula and pear salad. The margarhita pizza is to die for!
3	We had high expectations given the 800+ reviews and near 5 star rating.Reality was that it just wasn't that great. They also let kids run all around outside (where we were sitting), bumping into our chairs and being really obnoxious.There was some great live music and the ambiance attempt was pretty great. The pizza also was burnt. I love brick oven pizza. It's just that it's not supposed to be burnt. There is an art to it.I'd maybe try it again, but after trying some of the other places in the area.Service was super, super slow.  We waited for our check for like 25 minutes while our server ignored us and attended to a larger party instead. She also wasn't too attentive with drinks, etc.
5	I'm all about the atmosphere...the ambiance, and this quaint, cozy restaurant is sensational. There's a large patio area with a bonfire pit, live music and lots of twinkling lights. Mix that with exposed brick, stained glass and a fireplace.         We went around 8 and the place was packed, staff was running in and out and each plate that walked by looked better than the last. It took about 15 minutes to be seated but the patio was perfect. I got a glass of red wine and my friend and I split the antipasto speciale appetizer. With many small morsels like prosciutto, Caramelized onions,  mozzarella, and olives it was a nice starter platter.     We ordered a half and half pizza with the La Noce and the Capriciossa. The Noce had arugula and walnuts while the Capriciossa was covered in artichoke, prosciutto, mushrooms and black olives. We took our pizza to go because it did take a bit to come out, but over all it was an enjoyable, relaxed setting.
3	Pizza was good. Long wait. Would definitely come back again!
5	I was driving through Phoenix and stopped here for a pizza. The pizza was amazing and the staff was extremely friendly. I went there alone and ate at the bar, but I'd highly recommend this place for a date as it had a very romantic-type setting.
5	Been to Cibo many times! Beautiful historic house, consistently great service, best pizza in the Valley. We have long-debated whether Cibo surpassed Bianco, but I no longer question that it does. Cibo is best, and reasonably priced and delicious. The burrata is also the best I have ever had, and I highly recommend it. It is extremely creamy, but holds together very well, and the balsamic drizzled across the top is phenomenal.
1	Sadly this place is nowhere near as good if go around 2pm in the afternoon. 4 waitresses all just sat around the bar eating, speaking Spanish and we couldn't get service at all. Had to turn on the fans ourselves, keep getting up to ask for refills etc... Not good!Happy to fix review when they fix screwing up our company lunch that cost us $240
5	Great date spot!  The patio is so cute.  The pizzas we had were fantastic and the Nutella Mascarpone crepe was to die for!  Can't wait to go back!
5	We loved the ambiance, loved the location, loved the food, enjoyed ourselves a lot. We are planning on going back, and write a more in depth review, once we try more on the menu!
5	A staple of my restaurant diet. This place can do no wrong.If you want true italian style food, go here (get there early during lunch as there's a rush).
5	Warm and cozy on a fall night.  Also PACKED shoulder to shoulder. One of my dinner counterparts suffered a clumsy patron spilling an entire glass of wine on her, so watch out on crowded Friday nights. The bar was very quaint and the beautiful bartenders were moving in overdrive to get as people served. Here's what we ate: Ostia Salad- Most delicious croutons ever! I loved the chick pea dressing.  I have experimented with making my own version, but have come no where close to this.Genova Pizza- Potatoes on pizza is a great thing. La Noce Pizza- Not as wonderful as the Genova, but still a solid pizza. Both pizzas had a crunchy chewy crust, fresh sauce and herbs, and creamy cheese. I can't wait for another visit to Arizona to eat here again.
5	There are not too many dining experiences in the valley that rival sitting on the patio at Cibo on a cool night. I could sit there and eat copious amounts of the burratta with prosciutto and be absolutely blissful.
4	Food was amazing and the atmosphere is perfect. Great place to go on dates, birthdays, gatherings, etc. The service was spot on but it did take a little time to get waiters attention because of busy it could get. He still did a very good job of attending to us and answering any questions we had. The pizza is to die for
5	Love Cibo!  Always on the look out for great tasting food mixed in with a little (or a lot) of ambiance.  In a word- yum!
5	Best pizza in Phoenix, fun experience, small rooms and tables but the food is the well worth it.
5	This might be the first restaurant I have ever given 5 stars to in Phoenix. The food was great and so was the location.
2	Had high hopes for this place but was very disappointed.Went with a friend and sat at the bar (my preferred location in most restaurants).  Did get good wine bottle recommendation.  Bartender recommended we each get a pizza as one was too small.  My friend is a social butterfly and makes friends with everyone else at the bar (fortunately) and we kinda decide we'll share each other's pizzas.  We each order a pizza.  Here's where things start going badly.1. The pizzas are large enough to share between 2.2. My friend's pizza (white pizza with some stuff and truffle oil).  WAY too much truffle oil as we can't taste anything else.3. My pizza doesn't arrive.  A few minutes later I ask the bartender where my pizza is.  "Should be out any minute"4. 10 minutes later - "Should be out any minute"5. 15 minutes later - "Uh, we are making it now" - Note that all of these were at my request for an update, not proactive by the bartender.Since we shared pizza amongst the bar, I don't want it anymore.  I tell the bartender to stop the order.  "uh, ok, we won't charge you for it".  No kidding!!The other pizza's were good but not great.  I did have some spaghetti from one of the other bar mates and that was better than the pizza.Maybe sitting at the bar was a mistake.  I wouldn't go back anyway.
3	Great food. Came here after work at around 5:30 since we didn't want to wait for too long.We ordered the following:- burrata - Salsiccia pizza - procida pizza Burrata was great! The mozzarella cheese was so delicious and paired perfectly with the prosciutto. However, as a personal preference, I probably would've preferred the waitress had told us that 1 order of burrata is enough for a meal.. for 2 people. When the two pizzas were served, my colleague and I were too full.  We managed to each eat one slice of the pizzas.. then I just picked out the toppings for the procida pizza.  Well, I guess that says how good that combination is. Definitely coming back next time, but1) with a bigger group or 2) order less food
5	Cibo is delicious! I especially love their dessert crepes. They have good service and a great atmosphere!
5	LOVE Cibo!! Go there every chance I get..HIGHLY recommend!
5	One of the best places in Phoenix for lunch, dinner or brunch!! I've eaten here a couple of times and forgot to write a review = bad Yelper..  But after hearing back from a friend that I suggested this place to, they loved it and have since been back here 3 times within the past couple of weeks!! Food~ yes their pizza is DELISH however they offer many other dishes that I think you will find just as delightful or maybe even better!  For lunch, please consider ordering the PLT - toasted prosciutto, mixed greens, tomato and spicy roasted bell pepper aioli.  Ask them to add some cheesy mozzarella goodness if your a fan like me : -)  It is one of the best sammiches you'll find around the Metro.  For a lighter lunch but just as filling go for one of the awesome salads;  The Capri, or the Couscous salad or my fave the Mele ~ organic mixed greens topped with chopped chicken, walnuts, apples, blue cheese and an apple vinaigrette dressing = yum-fest!! For dinner, start with a either their grilled veggies or the antipasto special; meat and cheeses!  Both are wonderful!  Have fun choosing a pizza!! They are all too good for me to mention one over the others.  Seriously!! Just save some room for one of the Nutella crepes!!  They a couple of different ones to choose from ~ they are a super way to wrap up a wonderful meal!!Restaurant~  This place is loads of fun yet it is somewhat romantic too! Sit outside and enjoy their terace - patio when the weather permits. It's a wonderful setting and a great place to have fun convo with a date or with friends.  Their indoor seating is also wonderful.  There's not a bad seat in this place.  The service is excellent!! They are very attentive, they know their menu items and help even the pickiest eater find something they would like!! I'm looking forward to going back to Cibo very soon!  I hope to see you there!
4	Good food and good atmosphere. I love the patio area, quaint and inviting,
5	I went to eat here with some friends and I have to say its the best pizza i have ever eaten. I was told it was going to be good, but its better then that. Its amazing!!! i would eat here everyday if it wouldn't make me 500 lbs
5	This is the BEST date place and just going out with friends place!! Food is yummo and the employees ROCK! I go as often as I'm able to get there.
5	Oh Diavola, how you delight me so!  Incredible!!  The pizza was one of the better that I have ever had. Although I was stuffed, we decided to split a Fresca for dessert and it was so good!  Amazing lunch spot. It was very easy to get in and out and the service was fast and friendly.
5	Wonderful atmosphere, service, and pizza is delicious!
5	Great place to buy a pistol..knowledgeable staff and friendly ...have done business before and will do again..the new location looks great
5	best Calzon I ever had
5	Great Bistro Pie - See Photos...
4	Pizza is not to shabby here. I like it better than Bianco and in some ways is comparable to a New York slice. But definitely a good decision to check out CIBO if you're in the mood for a good pizza in Phoenix! One key to good pizza is the dough and the crust is soft!Great atmosphere, ambiance, quaint any time of the year. Love the outdoor seating on the patio with fire areas, live music and an assortment of lights. Service was okay, I had an empty water the whole meal. I would definitely come back here and try some other pizzas and maybe an entree. For dessert, we had the strawberry banana crepe with Nutella - I mean a crepe with chcoclate, yum. But they were out of their other chocolate dessert :( Let me rewind back to appetizer, caprese salad is enough for a handful of people. The mozzarella tossed with pesto, oregano, EVOO, chopped fresh basil and grape tomatoes is absolutely scrumptious. Check it out !
5	Some of the best pizza in Phoenix and wonderful ambience too! Every pizza I've had is delicious, and lots of vegetarian friendly options.
4	Cibo is a fantastic dinner spot with a beautiful garden and excellent pizza. It's easy to get a table on almost any week night. The pizza is solid, and there are a variety of choices with sauce and without sauce. Great place to take a date or just to have a quiet dinner with friends. The federal law clerk crowd loves it here.
4	Very quaint restaurant in historic Phoenix. Pizza are excellent, however could use more toppings. Great atmosphere
5	Love the atmosphere and the food!
4	Before I found out "Cibo" means "food" in Italian, I thought it was a Mexican restaurant, deceived by its extraordinarily cute exterior. Cibo is, on the most part, a pizza place. The parking lot is full of very nice BMWs and Audis. So it must have done something right.The pizzas at Cibo remind me a lot of those at La Grande Orange: gourmet toppings, thin sourdough crust, and fragrant cheese. We ordered three pizzas for the table, all tasted great, except that... they were awfully similar. Granted, I probably shouldn't expect too much of a variety when we were having pizzas (for a birthday celebration), but I was hoping for something life-changing, like the slice of pizza I had in Rome. Well, Cibo is no food hauled from Rome for sure, but it is nonetheless a good place to chill and get solid food in central Phoenix.
5	This is one of the best pizza joints out there!!  They have wonderful pizza dough.  The sauce is amazing! The sandwiches (i've heard) are very good.  Still need to try those!
4	If it wasn't for the long wait and wobbly tables, I'd give this place 5 stars. The staff are quick, friendly, and get your orders right. Their tea is absolutely delicious (and I don't even like iced tea). The complimentary valet is awesome too! I come back for their omero salad, margherita pizza, and last but absolutely not least their crepes. Holy smokes are they good! Your bill will be no less than $60 for 2 but it is most definitely worth it!
5	My Hubby and I were staying at the Palomar Hotel. We Yelped a pizza place that had Gluten free pizza and decided to try Cibo since it was within walking distance. We had the Rustica pizza with no cheese and added sausage. It was the BEST gluten free pizza I've ever had!!!!!!  We finished the whole pizza and had a salad. We will definitely be back when in Phoenix
5	I have eaten here several times, its a bit hard to find if you don't know your way around Phoenix. The 1900's Bungalow is amazing, I like to sit outside on the Patio in the fall and listen to the Music. The service is outstanding. Lunch time is for Sandwiches- order the fruit salad with it....dinner is for amazing Pizza, Biancos is great, expensive and too damn long a wait, Al Fornos in Glendale is great but too noisy, Cibo is right in the middle, great food served in a unique setting
3	It was good but a bit over rated for lunch
4	Yummy for me tummy!
4	If you are gluten free I highly recommend visiting this place . The gluten free pizza is garlicky,  spicy goodness on a fresh baked real pizza crust.  Its to die for. The service however leaves something to be desired. They didn't have enough wait staff and one person waiting on 10+ tables was inhumane.
5	My go-to place for a great fired pizza...everything here is delicious and great ambiance in historical downtown.  Great place to sit outside and enjoy lunch in our awesome weather as well (note that lunch has a slightly different menu and includes sandwiches).  Favorites include the Omero salad, Prosciutto Crudo and Diavola pizzas, and the Fresca for dessert.  Recommended over Pizzeria Bianco.  I wish I could more stars for this place...
4	Great little place for small groups of people. The parking was hard to get, but by the time we got in and ordered; it was worth it. We grabbed a seat at the bar because it was quite busy.Food tasted pretty good and filled us right up.The atmosphere was nice after getting outside to hangout for a bit. There was live jazz music playing and a warm fire to sit near.
3	This rating is based on an average from two different visits. During one visit, I went for dinner and had the most delicious pizza! The charm of this place makes you feel like you are distant from reality. The dessert wine I ordered at the end was the icing on the cake! However, on my next visit, I sat outside on the patio for brunch and it was not quite as great of an experience. The weather was great, but the sun was shining pretty bright so I am guessing that is why our server only came by to get our order, drop it off, and bring our tab. No refills, no feedback requested on the meal, nothing. She was a very sweet lady, she just didn't seem to want to serve our table. The food was just ok. Nothing exciting. And probably more disappointing since I had already been there once and had such an awesome experience. Overall, I'm not sure if I would recommend it. I recommend the pizza, but I guess it is kind of hit or miss.
3	I really enjoy coming here on date nights but anytime there is a wait I feel very awkward as there is no place to wait without totally being in the way.  The food is always incredible and I love the Bruschetta.  I enjoy the Sunday Brunch days with the live music as well.
4	Very good for lunch. Friendly, great service, pizza is super tasty, salads look amazing.
5	I wish there was one in LA!! I went to AZ to visit a friend and I fell in love with this place! I kept on wanting to go back everyday but my friend was being a cheapie because it's not the cleverest thing to eat out all the time. Regardless, I really enjoyed my time there. The staff was great. I loved my dishes and especially the burrata appetizer. It was amazing. I got a pizza and added prosciutto.  Excellent in everything. We finished with a shot of lemoncello (I don't know how to spell it) but its vodka infused with lemon and it was amazing but hella strong. I want a Cibo in LA!
2	I honestly feel that two stars is too generous of a rating for our experience tonight; however, the lone redeeming factor was my husband's gluten-free pizza - which was quite tasty.I have been to Cibo several times (probably 5 or 6 over the past several years) and have always loved the pizza. Tonight though was a different story.  While the pizza was delivered rapidly; my pizza was soggy. After waiting 10-15 minutes to flag down the waitress I told her that I was unhappy with the crust. She went into a wordy explanation that this was secondary to the amount of toppings on the pizza. OK... Sure... I'll have a margherita pizza. New pizza comes out in literally 3 minutes w/ the crust WET. Definitely more soggy than the first pizza. Not even remotely cooked / chewy. Absolutely disgusting. Again wait for waitress -- now she says this is "just how our pizzas are."  Really? You guys are in the business of serving soggy / wet pizza? Since when? I've never had issues like that before.  Left without eating. (+) one star for previous positive experiences at Cibo and my hubby's decent GF pizza.  Overall though the food / service tonight was an epic fail.
5	I love this place. after I had their pizza I can no longer enjoy pizza hut,  dominoes etc anymore. Also I've never tried Bianco pizzeria and that's beacuse that's always a 2 hour wait. I give 5 stars cause the sevice is awesome, food comes out quick. And the bill is like 50 bucks for two. Cibo is definetly winning.
5	Wonderful outdoor patio atmosphere. Good appetizers and wine selection. Nice, quiet, romantic evening dinner location.
4	Great patio and nice beer selection. The pizzas are small but delicious. I could probably eat 2 by myself if I was really hungry.
5	I lived in Naples Italy, this takes me right back there!! Awesome, I had the Margherita Pizza, first bite brought back memories.
4	Yummy. Good for lunch for the downtown crowd. It's nice to have something that's not in the business district.
5	The best restaurant in phoenix, hands down. If you don't get the pulled beef sandwich for lunch you are missing out on life. Oh and the crepes are too die for. Great service, nice people and darling restaurant.
4	good pizza in a cute bungalow with a lovely outdoor garden seating!
4	Liked the pizza, loved the atmosphere.
5	This place is adorable, the staff give great service and the food is delicious. What's not to love!?
2	Slow service and this place charges for soda refills!!!  Pizza is ok, but NO FREE DRINK REFILLS!!!!  There's better.
5	Delicious!  Delicious!  Delicious!  Their pizza is better than Pizzeria Bianco, in my opinion and their nutella crepes are to die for!
4	So, I ate here the night of the Pickwick show and then again a week later, and I can confidently say I'm a huge fan!My dining companion and I sat inside in a cute little corner of the restaurant.  Our server, Tom, was great! Attentive but not hovering, funny, and accommodating.  I ordered a glass (or two) of the Pillsbury Wild Child, which is one of my faves!  We started with the grilled veggie plate (lots of tasty grilled/chilled veggies lightly drizzled with olive oil and a side of bread), then we ordered a mushroom pizza on the gluten-free crust.  We asked Tom if we could sub goat cheese for the cow stuff and he totally made it happen.  What a guy!  It was effing delicious, I couldn't even tell the crust was sans gluten.  The look of the place and adorable, very cozy and cute.  Good location and really nice for a date:) I'm sure most of you have already enjoyed Cibo, but if you haven't....well, get yourself together and head down!
4	Love the ambiance . Quaint Urban setting in an old downtown home. Live music, patio dining as well as indoors.   Beer and Wine bar.
5	I've been here three times. I would say this place has the best atmosphere for early Friday evening. The best seats are outside during the springtime and if you could get the inside, it would also give the great view of the Phoenix downtown. The pizza here is made hand tossed and thin crust. Some of you may know that there is competitor near this pizza restaurant. Honestly I would choose this place over Pizzeria B.... because of the wait time there. In addition to Pizza, this restaurant offers variety of wine selections and locally brewed beer. If you were not driving, I would highly recommend some of the wine; it matches well with pizza! Also, the crepe here is amazing mainly because of the fresh cheese that they use to make it. IF you are fan of live music, they play sweet guitar/key board smooth jazz on Friday night at outside patio. Check this place out and let me know if you visit!
5	Great location and very good food. If you're looking for a patio restaurant in central phoenix, I'd highly recommend it - perfect for a date or a group of ~10-15 people (though if you're going at prime time, you'll probably want to call ahead).
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the downtown phoenix area... Don't be tempted to eat too much for dinner since you will want lots and lots of room for the amazing crepe desert, go ahead get strawberry and banana .. You will not regret it!  Perfect date place as well, so cute and adorable...
5	I tried out Cibo today for the first time after hearing rave reviews.  The food was good but not the best I've ever had, but the patio and our server Sean Kennedy made this place worthy of five stars.  Right from the get-go he had us laughing so hard and never made us feel rushed when we sat around for two hours giggling.  I can't wait to come back and experience the great patio again!!
4	We went for our anniversary - great experience. Very good appetizers, salads and pizza.  There is no pasta on the menu except on Tuesdays & Wednesdays when they make it in house. Looking forward to going back
4	Got the sausage pizza for lunch and found it to be tasty. Service was attentive and friendly, and the outdoor patio was really cute!
5	Great Food. Love this place! Getting a table can be a little hard!
5	This will be long winded- So after much anticipation and Many raving rants from the yelp community I finally got to experience Cibo tonight. My expectations were high, and I was not disappointed by any aspect of my experience tonight.Cibo is a urban bungalow converted into a charming italian eatery. My 1st thought upon entering this place was "wow, what a versatile space". The front patio is rather large and has open space where they have musicians provide music and there's even a fire pit. You can eat inside or out. The inside had a very intimate and warm feeling and perfectly matches the family owned vibe I get from this place. Let me get to what made my experience great tonight. Our servers name was was Kui. She was very pleasant and extremely helpful. She was full of sincere and convincing recommendations, we pretty much ordered everything she told us to and it was all exactly as she explained it would be. The food- Per Kui's recommendation I ordered the Diovola Pizza and added the ricotta cheese and it was delicious. This pie instantaneously put cibo above all the Artisanal style pizza places I've tried in Arizona. The Parlor, Pane bianco, and Le Grande Orange are all inferior to Cibo in my book. As good as the pizza was, it wasn't even the highlight of the night. That distinction belongs to their Nutella and Marscapone stuffed crepe with ice cream. Wow, so good it's sinful. The combination of the fresh crepe with Nutella filling and the Ice cream was magical. It is quite possibly the best desert I have ever had in any restaurant. Tonight's visit to Cibo was actually a test run. I've been looking for a place to hold a dinner for a large party and when I got word that cibo's private "Carriage House" that can hold 50 or more guests I decided to come in and see if the food is good enough to reserve that space for my event. Needless to say they passed the test. Their hospitality, charm, food and character make Cibo one of the finest restaurants phoenix has to offer and I can't wait to show this place off to the guests of my next event.
5	YUM!! In the day and age where we are all trying to start away from carbs, Cibo's is the one place for a cheat day! There lunch menu is delicious with so many Panini's to choose from. I love the pulled pork one and all of the sandwiches with prosciutto and/or spek, but the best part is the oven baked bread. Their dinner menu is delicious too with toppings like spicy salami or Asian pears and prosciutto. Just make sure you save room for their fruit crepes with ice cream! ** know before you go- Cibo's has different menus for lunch, dinner and weekend brunch so take a look on their website nad plane your visit accordingly.
5	Best pizza in town!
5	All Good -- Great lunch today. Service was good. We wanted to eat outside today given the weather but no shade tables were available. No worries -- we had a wonderful meal inside. We are a party of 4 that loves pizza and hungry. We had the DiNotte, Salsiccia and the Genova pizzas. They all were excellent-- fresh crust not too thick and the dough had been allowed to rise properly. Toppings were all fresh and there are multiple non tomatoe sauce options which is to my liking. The Gorgonzola on the DiNotte pizza gave it a unique distinctive flavor(good). We also had 2 salads -- the house salad was very fresh. In my opinion the biggest distinction was the freshly grated Parmesan flakes. My wife had the only other salad offered prior to 3 on Sat which had strawberries, goat cheese, and candies walnuts over spinach. My wife added grilled chicken and enjoyed it all.The restaurant is not close to my house, however I will go back again when I am near downtown for lunch again.
4	Great food.   Service wasn't very attentive the day I went.  Needed to get up and go ask for 4 out of 5 plates to eat since we only had one after clearing our salads.  However, I would definitely recommend Cibo given how good the food is (spicy salami pizza was awesome) and give them a one time pass on the service that day.
5	Wow.  What a treat!  We are the defacto self appointed pizza experts.  We've been to all of them.  Sally and Pepes in New Haven and everything in the Valley.  When we hear about a new place, we have to try it.  So we pulled in, expecting to go to the Vic next store and felt the need to try Cibo.It's a quaint restaurant in a former house and off the beaten track.  The pizzas, sald and wine were stupendous for a Sunday afternoon.  Service was great too.  We opted for patio seating with the great weather.This place blows Federal and Pizzeria Bianco out of the water.  No questions.  The pizza is perfect and a well balance of cheese, bread, sauce and toppings.  You must go you must and you must try.  It is on our favorites list.
5	So wonderful. The best place to get gluten free pizza in Phoenix. The patio is excellent. Live music on Friday and Saturday.
5	Most amazing pizza and salads! This place rocks, the service is great, and the atmosphere is perfect.
5	Ate here last night while visiting Phoenix..   I would highly recommend this restaurant.   Gourmet Pizza's, unique appetizers, full bar...Great outdoor seating area...Cibo makes one of the best crusts I've had...Go here if you're in town...
4	Went in 2012 loved it havnt been since but When I drive by its always busy. Food was pretty amazing.
5	Awesome gluten free pizza, salads and beautiful atmosphere. Love eating on the patio, it's a great date night restaurant! Love eating here when we go to First Friday. Great service too. Recently heard they offer gluten free crepes now too; cannot wait to try!! Two thumbs way up.
5	We have tried most of the acclaimed about wood-fired pizza places in the valley and Cibo may be at the top of our list. Location is adorable and unique. We don't leave Scottsdale too often for dinner but Cibo is definitely worth the drive. The wine menu is excellent and earns bonus points for having amazing Arizona wines available. As for the pizza... EXCELLENT! Fresh ingredients, outstanding taste, perfection. They are always busy so plan on waiting but grab a glass of wine and enjoy the surroundings.
5	amazing pizza and great service
5	Yum! Calzones are delicious, pizza is good too. Wasn't really a fan of their breakfast menu, however the Bloody Marys are amazing! I would definitely recommend to anyone.
2	Everything on paper looks perfect.  We waited 45 minutes for a table that never came.  Called before I got there to make sure it wasn't too bad.  I was told to expect a 20 minute wait.  No biggie.  After a 45 minute wait, I was told another 30 were required.  Had tickets to Tosh so I had to leave.  Thank goodness for the magic speed the brothers from Los Dos Molinos put on their chile rellenos.  It was like they were crossing the Rio Grande all over again.  Screw SB1070,  I need mexican food anyways!Food may be good, but I'll never know now.
5	OUTSTANDING food and ambiance-- Had the proscuitto pizza and it was to die for. The Limoncello was fantastic, too! Definitely a trendy spot to check out in downtown Phx
4	LOVE their pizza!
5	I could live on the meat and cheese plate alone for the rest of my life.
4	Cibo is great.  I've been coming here since 2005 and it's been a favorite for casual and intimate nights out.The pizza is good, but not my favorite in Phoenix.  I really enjoy their salads and desserts.  The crepe with Nutella inside, fruit on top and icecream is absolutely delicious!  And I usually don't even like crepes.The cons - no parking lot, so you have to search for street parking or use their valet service; also poor ventilation inside, so your clothes and hair end up smelling like their pizza oven; the noise level inside can get pretty loud.
5	Finally made it back to one of my favorite patios in Phoenix for a delicious lunch! We enjoyed the Sardegna (baby spinach salad) with grilled shrimp and a Vegetariano  Saltinocca (sandwich) hot. The salad was absolutely perfect. Wouldn't change a thing. The shrimp was perfectly grilled. Plenty of candied walnuts and goat cheese with fresh strawberries and spinach. The Vegetariano was very good as well. Could have used a punch of flavor with a pesto or some kind of sauce. Great service and perfect seating on the patio engulfed by the big tree. Thanks Cibo!
5	Loved this place! We went on a cool  December night, the heating lamps and firepit were going outside. Tables had candle lights and the band was playing very cool blues. Such cute downtown Phoenix ambiance. Pizza's are enough for 2 or 1 hungry eater. As 3 hungry ladies, we split the Capricciosa and Margherita pizzas. They were light and yummy. Wine selection is pretty large. We shared a nutella and banana crepe desert which was also very light but so delicious. Cannot wait to visit again. Hopefully next time, we'll sit outside.
5	love loveee loveeeee loveeee loveeeeeee loveeee.I've been here more than ten times. I absolutely love everything about this place. The atmosphere,  the people, the vibe I get. I just love it here. And who doesn't like it when someone is singing and playing the guitar while you wine and dineeee? So romantic and just perfect. Its my favorite place for pizza and wine. yummmmm.I come every day if I can. Haha
5	Great food, service and overall good time.
5	Awesome food and Tony & Karen are the friendliest folks ever - what an amazing menu.service is always outstanding 9th check in here. Come hungry - love the Diavola pizza .. Actually never had a bad meal!! Ciao Bella
5	Cibo = Yumminess!!  Plain and simple!!  the ambiance is awesome and the food doesn't disappoint!!  I've always received great service here, and the staff is great at suggesting items that I probably wouldn't have tried, but will reorder again and again!  The patio is awesome!  Take advantage of it while you still can :)
4	Not really necessary to add to the compliments but why not if they deserve it. Food was phenomenal. Really. It was. Best pizza I had in a long time (ever?), and my husband shared that sentiment. Grilled veggie appetizer was very good too. Next day we went back (not our M.O. in a city where we only have 2 days) and got pizza and desert, crepes. Hmmm. Only complaint we had is the first day, the service was really rushed. Girl wanted to take our plate while there was still some olives on it, and when she brought us the check, while she was thanking us she was already turned away to the next table. A few extra seconds go a long way here, I'd say. Also, they "switched out"  some beers without telling us when we ordered, which I didn't like. Service next day was better and all in all, I'd very much recommend the place!
5	Cibo...where do I even start? Hands down the best pizzeria in Phoenix, and remains as the best pizza I've ever had. I've had nothing but great experiences with Cibo, everything I've ordered here has been amazing. The staff and owner are really friendly as well. My personal favorite pizza is the Tartufata, so good! I also really enjoy their patio and outdoor seating, looks awesome at night when all the lights are lit up.
3	This place has the best to offer eh? meh.   Date night around 8pm on a Saturday?1) waited 10 minutes at the bar for a beer that was served half cold. Meh. 2) lady has a pesto salad, could not taste the pesto and nuts very well. Meh. 3) I had the genova pizza which left a lot to be desired. Overwhelmed by too much cheese and an over-olive-oiled crust, I barely tasted the potato. Meh.4) banana nutella crepe was excellent however. 5) service? Again, meh. Not terrible, not great. If you come in with 3* hopes, you will get a 3* return, maybe 4* if they are not going during peak hours
3	I've been to Cibo numerous times, and I feel it's losing a bit of its footing as one of the best pizzas in the valley. The crust on the pizza came out dry and half of it was burnt black around the edges. Also I've always wanted to have dessert but never had room until last night. I was excited to try the Nutella and marscapone crepe....what an utter disappointment! There was barely a full teaspoon of Nutella and I couldn't even find the marscapone. I literally felt like I ate a plain crepe.  If you want a fantastic pizza with little wait, check out Lamp in N. Scottsdale...you won't be disappointed!! So much better!!
4	Tasty town
5	All I have to say is awesome. Our waitress was friendly, the food was great and the atmosphere was perfect. Downtown Phoenix has the best little places to eat at!
5	Our new favorite find on yelp!  Amazing food, great little place, will be back every time we go downtown for an event. The pizza and desserts were the BEST. Loved everything about this place, a must try restaurant.
4	Great place for lunch. Meatball sandwich is my fav! I have not had pizza there- I think it is served for dinner only, but I hear it is good. Cozy atmosphere for dining inside or out. Minus one star for lack of parking.
4	My daughter and I had dinner at Cibo before a show.  They were unexpectedly slammed.  Our waitress Christina was really fabulous.  Calm and gracious. The food was, as always, wonderful.  Wish it was closer to my house in Scottsdale!
4	Ok, this is making my pizza at lunch choice difficult.  I love POMO on 1st street and am beginning to like La Piazza Locale also on 1st St. so adding this one into the miix is not helping.  Where Cibo wins out is in dinning atmosphere, it is in a house and has a wonderful garden/patio area.  Nice feel.  It is a small walk from downtoan but I would not recommend making the hike in the summer as I did last year.  Too long and too hot for the same quality pizza that you can get closer to downtown.Very nice thin crust pizza, napoli style.  Nice salad and sandwihich options also.
5	Cibo is absolutely fantastic!!!The patio is the perfect spot to enjoy their authentic pizza.  Have the quatro frommagio... it is the best I've ever had!  Love the fact that the owners are there most nights, and the staff are really fun and friendly.
5	Love the urban ambience, great wine list, but the salad and sandwich menu is to die for. I've visited this place many times over the past 5 years and the quality of their food and service remains consistently outstanding.
5	Cibo itself is a oxymoron. Very cozy but large. Very romantic but busy. I will explain that later. This Italian restaurant is that but much more. On the corner of North 5th Avenue and West Filmore. At night, you will see a house lit up with strings of white lights and the sound of a guitar playing sweet melodies. Getting there was a small challenge for me. Not being from Phoenix and not being familiar with side streets. My main route was using the freeway. Which I am not a particular fan of. This night, Friday, was filled with a lot of ambulances, cop cars and fire trucks with lights and sirens blazing. One incident, my wife counted around 12 of these emergency vehicles going the other way on the freeway at the same time. I just pray that they all got there on time to help the people who were in need.Getting closer to the restaurant. You can see the tall buildings of downtown. We were following the maps app but a lot of the streets are not well lit. So we missed a street or two. Luckily we did find the restaurant. Again the strings of white lights and the guitar music were a good indicator that we were here. Plenty of parking on West Filmore street.Besides the front patio dining. They have a small bar once your inside. The bar itself holds, at most, 9 individuals. A good selection of bottled beers, wine and shots of different cocktails. My wife tried a limoncello drink that she thought was real good. Too bad she got the last one so she couldn't order another.What makes this restaurant cozy but large is the inside of the restaurant is broken up into smaller rooms. So you never see everyone who is dining there. You can just focus on your present company and the meal you are sharing. This also explains the being romantic and busy part. Waiting for your table you see servers and patrons going back and forth. It's not until you get seated into one of those smaller rooms that everything starts to slow down.The crowd that eats there is a very diverse crowd. From hipster guys and gals to men in suit and ties and women in dresses. Young and old come here.And they come for the atmosphere but mainly for the food. Great Italian fare. Pizzas, pasta dishes, colorful salads. The food is amazing. House chop salad is great, 3 pairs of different prepared bruschetta is great and the bolognese sausage dish that I had was so good. It was all delicious. If you come here. You will not be disappointed.
1	Overpriced. Tiny dishes.. Food was cold. Avoid at all costs.
3	Well the big fuss was overrated, however it is an ok place to dine with friends. The crust nothing to brag about but it's home made ,very nice.  The Orr of the place is a winner . Loved the  verify of dish to choose from. Will recommend to others just not Ooooo a must gotta go there recommendation .
4	I went here for dinner by myself. I went on a Friday night at 8. I had to wait maybe 20 minutes,  but it went quickly. I can tell this is a place I would come to often with my husband if we lived here, but I'm from indiana. I ordered a root beer and margharita pizza. It was ready really fast. It came to the table very hot and topped with huge basil leaves. The cheese was sparse-the way it should be. The cheese and sauce were of excellent quality.  The crust left something to be desired so I didn't eat the edges. It tasted like toast. Not bad, just not ideal. My bill was $14.50. I would definitely go back.A side note/caution: don't walk there by yourself. It is not a well lit area and there were a few times I thought I should not be alone. This however, should not reflect poorly on the establishment.
5	Fruit crepes and peach belinis on a sunny patio, while the guitar is strummed lightly in the corner. Awesome atmosphere.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in downtown phoenix. Their patio is very cute - I would definitely recommended sitting outside when the weather is nice. Everything we ordered was very good - there were 4 of us and we ordered a few things to share: Pear salad - an arugula salad with balsamic, pears, honey, cheese, and toasted almonds - Very good, would definitely recommend! Burrata - creamy mozzarella with a balsamic glaze served with prosciutto and toast  - so good but not enough toast in the cheese-to-bread ratio! Vegetariana pizza - a pizza with mozzarella, artichokes, zucchini, roasted red peppers - comes with mushrooms but we asked for it without. This was good but the veggies are separated by section - so you only get one type of veggie on a slice of pizza, rather than having it mixed. Prosciutto Crudo pizza - sauce, mozzarella, topped with prosciutto. Very tasty but the pizza is cut before the prosciutto is added to the pizza, so you have to recut it to avoid ending up with all the prosciutto on one piece. Pizza is good - very thin crust and all the ingredients seem very fresh. Service was pretty good - although they must have been training when we were there, they seemed to get the tables confused and kept attempting to drop off items we hadn't ordered. But normally the service is great. I'll definitely be back!
5	My favorite pizza place (Pizzeria Bianco is great, but this place is better). I live in Gilbert so it is kind of far, and yet I still make a trip out as often as I can. Have brought multiple friends to show them the goodness that Cibo is and we are never let down. Great atmosphere, live music outside. The Diavola is my favorite. Complete it off with dessert (Nutella and Banana) and you'll be in food heaven. Two suggestions: turn the music down on the inside and have a better hostess bar (every time we walk up to be seated they seem confused)
4	Great Pizzas and a phenomenal cous cous salad! Good service and a cool outdoor patio. It is located inside a converted house, which makes it very homey and comfortable.
4	Great pizza and I love the beer selection. It's a super cute place that is perfect for a first date. The pizza sizes are generous as I could have easily shared mine with a friend. Parking can be difficult during peak dining times, but as long as you are willing to drive around a bit, it shouldn't be too hard.
3	After reading so many good reviews I was excited to try Cibo. To me it just didn't live up to the hype. However, the patio was perfect for an afternoon lunch in the shade. I had the Salsiccia Saltimbocca Caldi which was good but VERY greasy. I'd definitely try it again next time I'm in Phoenix!
5	So good! Worth the wait for a table. Definitely recommend you arrive early before 7 p.m.
2	Great food, terrible service! We made a reservation for a graduation dinner and there were 10 of us. Our server had two other large parties and could not get out of her own way. As a previous server, I know this can be overwhelming, but we had to get up and ask to order our food and drinks and to have the table cleared all night.
4	Cibo is a go to for delicious sandwiches and pizza! The saltimbocca bread is perfectly baked and so fresh. It is a cute little restaurant in an old Phoenix house with a great patio to enjoy your meal on if it is a nice day/evening. Personal favorites: Alla Parmigana, Caprese & Tonno SandwichesOnly minor thing I would have to say is on a busy day sometimes service feels understaffed. It may take a little bit to get drink refills etc. But that was only if I was being super critical, usually it is great!
4	Cozy and beautifully constructed lil restaurant. From the decor, to it's location, literally your local neighborhood pizza joint but without the joint-like feel. Girlfriend and I came to the restaurant midday and we were seated promptly. Of course we chose to sit outside to not only enjoy the weather(rare in AZ since it is generally hot) but the scenery as well. I imagine it to be quite romantic had we gone at night. Nonetheless the food was great, we decided on half tartufata/capricciosa. The truffle oil in the tartufata was definitely an acquired taste because the smell of it was something else. I am by no means an expert on these types of oils but I thought it was interesting while the girlfriend thought it smelled, and not in the good way. I would definitely come back to not only experience the atmosphere again, but perhaps try their other pies.
3	After coming back from a couple dry days of hiking in the havasu indian reservation, their happy hour came to rescue! We loved the cute decor and neighbourhood this place is in, the service was good. Our friend took us here for early dinner, which happened to coincide with their happy hour offering, a buck for an arancini, polenta fries, gnocchi....all my faves...but other than the polenta fries, those dishes aren't much flavours....the house wines on the happy hour menu def good, either that, or we were just too dehydrated... :Ppizzas were good here, the thin dough was tasty...but maybe i am used to the Chicago's heavier flavouring on the thin crusts, i found their pizzas on the bland side..the sausages toppings are good though...All in all, we still had a good fun time here.
4	Was there a couple weeks ago.. They don't take reservations for parties under six but it was a Wednesday and not that busy. Food and atmosphere was great- though the birds outside were constantly landing on our table to sneak a bite.
5	Very relaxing atmosphere. We sat outside and there was live music as well as lots of greenery to keep the sun off. Food came in a reasonable time and very good, but I thought it was a little overpriced. Still, it's a good place for Sunday brunch.
5	One of my fave restaurants in the Roosevelt district in downtown Phoenix.  The food is always fantastic. But if you can go here in the Spring or Fall - do it!  The patio has such a fantastic ambiance - one of my favorite outdoor dining places in the Valley.  Parking can be tough, but it's well worth it.
5	Five stars from me without a doubt. A must try!We chose to sit outside on a Saturday night. There was a bit of a wait, but I didn't expect to be seated right away on a weekend anyway. There was plenty of extra seating and live music, too, which made the wait more enjoyable. The patio ambiance was so nice and pretty. I'd like to check out the inside next time.Our waitress recommended the burrata appetizer, which was awesome and filling, but light at the same time. We ordered the Diavola and Tartufata pizzas at other Yelpers' recommendations. Of course added ricotta to the Diavola- also after reading reviews. They were both amazing. The crusts were light and crispy, the toppings were flavorful... even leftovers the next day were great! (and you WILL have leftovers) It's very hard to pick a winner, but I might go with... the Tartufata? But try both! Our waitress even told us we'd picked the best red and the best white pizzas they had.
4	Love coming here for lunch and dinner! Perfect for a lunch hour and good options to choose from and now offer pizza during lunch time. Absolutely love going here for dinner and the ambiance is so cozy and relaxing. Also love the fact that they have live music playing in the evenings
5	Whether seated inside amongst the eclectic decor or outside amongst the lit trees and occasional musician, Cibo is always an enjoyable experience. The experience includes a delicious array of salads and antipastis, a savory wine selection, brick oven pizza, lattes and desserts. In my opinion, you cannot go wrong with any item on the menu. P.S. Brunch is also a delightful affair.
4	He said... I'll take u to wherever u want to go.. You pick... I said Cibo!!!!!!I had very high expectations for this place because everyone is always talking about it and telling me how amazing it is. I finially got a chance to try it out for the first time this past weekend.  So we ordered the prosciutto pizza.. I wasn't that impressed as I would hope to be. I felt like there should've been more on there. Maybe some basil, veggies, mushrooms? Something? It was just a pizza topped with some prosciutto.  I also got my favorite type of red wine. Pinot noir. Delicious. I definitely love their wine here. It really is a perfect spot for a date. Super romantic. Disappointed about the pizza we got but I'll definitely come back to try the others. =)
5	UMM... YUM! Everything I had was perfect. Super happy customer. I walked into this place a little hesitant but it's always those places that exceed your expectations! I had the vegetariano pizza highly recommend it! This place is a deff hidden gem! Go explore people, this will be worth your while :)
4	Fun menu with interesting selections and some standbys. Recommend outdoor seating on a cool afternoon.
5	Set in a historic home with what can only be described as an enchanted patio, Cibo is a romantic and rustic departure from the ordinary. It is the perfect place for a dinner date with that special someone or to reunite with friends to share an amazing meal. My favorite pizza is the Tartufata - prosciutto, mushrooms, truffle oil, simply wonderful. Stop by for a unique and exquisite dining experience.
3	This is another lunch pick up I tried. House-like eatery on the corner with outside seats to meet up with friends. Walked in in late afternoon. Not many people in there eating. Saltimbocca are sandwiches. They don't serve pizza for lunch but somehow are known for pizzas. Their saltimbocca descriptions totally sound like pizza descriptions. Lol when we picked up our food we were expecting pizza boxes. They were sandwich boxes! What a let down!  We hoped that the saltimbocca will be deliciousoso!! Shared half of the hot Vegetariano (grilled red bell pepper, eggplant, zucchini and mozzarella) and the  porcellino (pulled BBQ pork and mozzarella). I enjoyed the vegetariano because it was all veggies and much lighter than the porcellino - which was siting on the heavy side. Also comes with a side of house salad of greens, pine nuts, red onion and shavings of cold cheese. I guess I'll have to try the pizza another time....for dinner. :)
5	I'm not understanding the recent rash of lackluster reviews. CiBo is consistently awesome, tasty and efficient. Better than  Bianco without the three hour wait. Adorable setting, great staff and beautifully community minded, holding yearly fundraising events for local charities. CiBo is the real deal, and if you folks who left bad reviews don't come back? More pizza for me!Ps- zeppoli? Heck yes.
3	Hello again. Ate here last nite. Myself and 2 firends. 3x's ive been here and its always busy. the other two x's we attempted to eat here. We didnt want to wait, so we went some where eles to eat. Last nite we waited for about 30minutes.  We were seated inside. and quickly ordered. I had the omero salad, one firend had sausage pizza and a glase of wine, and the other had pear salad. Ok food arrived promptly. my salad was good a bit on the small side for 11 dollars, but had lots of greens and onions, strawberries, and walnuts. it was good. my only complaint would be the candied walnuts........... couldnt even taste the walnuts too much sugar. When mentioned this too the waittress; She informed me that i could of requested plain raw walnuts and without any problem they could replace the candied walnuts with raw ones. That was nice to know. for the next time. My two firends both loved their food. I just thought mine and my firends salad were on the small side for 11 and 12 dollars. Other then that. Every thing at Cibo was very good. i recommend giving this establishment a try. I will be back. Just be prepared to spend 20 dollars or more. per person. Also depending on what time of day you go, be prepared to wait for a seat very popular with the  local folk. Lots of parties and groups coming and going. They serve wine and beer. not a full bar.  good place for eye candy of the both sexes. All ages here young and old.  Very nice atmosphere.If if they offered organic whole wheat pizza they would get another star from me.
5	I recently was helped by Jordan Leugers at 5114s Rural Rd., Tempe.  I would like to say that I was very pleased with the help I got from Jordan.  He was very patient with me as I asked questions about my new phone.It is great to know that any future questions that I may have I can go to the store and get the help I need.Toni R.Tempe, AZ
4	This is a quaint spot, which undoubtedly was once someone's residence. You try to figure out which room is which as you walk in, picturing a TV or a sofa in the corner. You feel like you are having dinner and your buddy's house with his folks preparing a meal. We showed up for a late lunch, no wait or crowd. Pizza was fabulous. Nice texture to the crust, a little floppy so using a fork isn't out of the question. My son had the crepe, which looked amazing and tasted just as good. I would imagine parking could be beastly during a rush, since you are in a neighborhood, so plan accordingly.
5	This pizza is fantastic, probably my favorite in Phoenix, though that's very hard to name. I also love the location, both inside and outside is fantastic.  The whole menu is fantastic. It's a great place for a date-night, or to bring friends visiting town, or to go with a small party, if you can either make reservations for a large group or wait it out.  Everyone must check this place out at least once!
3	I really wanted to like Cibo as soon as we walked up to it. The outdoor patios are lovely and such a nice setting. We went Sunday during brunch time and I was a little worried that they wouldn't have their pizza as I read a few reviews (old ones) that said that they didn't serve PIzza. For the record, they do.We ordered their margherita pizza and M&M. The margherita pizza was OK, nothing too special. It was also a little salty in my opinion. I was kind of hoping for some freshly grated parmesan too instead of the powdered kind. The M&M was good though, but not something I would go out of my way to get.
5	Lunch at Cibo's was amazing. I had their PLT and it was, quite simply, delicious!Toasted Prosciutto, with tomatoes, fresh greens, and a spicy aoli..my taste buds were very happy with me. I added fresh mozzarella to mine.I would highly recommend this place to everyone and anyone!
4	Went with friends on a Sunday after seeing all the raving reviews for it. I loved the outdoor patio area, which was spacious yet intimate. We sat under a giant red umbrella which hid my Asian glow fairly well. For the record, their bellinis are awesome.The Fritatta Melfitana I ordered was good. Maybe I had too high of an expectation or something but I didn't think it was that special. Perhaps their pizzas would blow my mind.
5	Great food!  Don't pass this one up.
5	Stopped in for a late night bite on a Friday, and loved every minute of it. The ambiance is amazing, the staff was so helpful and the food was delish!! Mom isn't a big fan of pizza, but ask her now and she'll just rave about Cibo's pizza. That alone says a lot!
4	consistently tasty!
5	WOW! Great place to relax and have some good food! My new Favorite in Phoenix for Italian! Great Salads! Great Wine!
5	Cibo's is such a fantastic experience, AND you have the bonus of a great food as well. My family and I frequently eat brunch on Sunday mornings. There is a variety of options available to meet the varied needs of our large party, and there is an ambiance which is so relaxing and filled with life all at the same time.Whether I've gone there in the morning, afternoon, or evening, the experience is never the same, except for attending service, exceptional food, and frequently live entertainment. You will not be disappointed in your experience and meal at Cibo's.
5	best pizza in phoenix
4	Quaint and adorable. Great service and the food was good. Lots of great vegetarian options  which I am not but my friend is! This is a great place for a date night or a girl's night with wine, food & chit chat!
4	Love this place!! It has a lovely, romantic, intimate atmosphere. The patio is beautiful (especially at night, with the twinkle lights on), but the inside of this old house is so charming as well!.The food has always been outstanding! Hands-down one of my favorite pizza places. I recommend the Margherita pizza -- the simplicity allows the high quality ingredients to really shine through. The crepes are so delicious as well.I gave it 4/5 stars because the service is a bit lacking. The servers aren't generally super friendly, though not quite unpleasant. It's one of the places where you feel almost like an inconvenience to them. Perhaps that's just me though.At any rate, I will continue to return, because the food and ambiance are wonderful!
5	Cibo is one of my favorite restaurants here in the valley.  It has everything that I'm looking for.  Excellent food (pizza), good prices, great vibe and scene.  I have been here several times, but we last visited Cibo the other day so it refreshed my memory.  Plus, I realized that I never reviewed it before!Anyways, we came on a Tuesday afternoon during happy hour.  It was such a nice spring Phoenix afternoon that we sat outside in their patio.  Actually, this is all we have ever sat at on our prior visits.  It's because I absolutely love their patio.  It really feels like I'm eating in a outdoor garden.  Such a cool and great feel, one of the main reasons why we keep coming back.  The inside is also very nice, Cibo is a converted home into a restaurant, but we just prefer to sit on the patio.For the happy hour menu they have several appetizers from $4-$6 dollars, plus $4 house wines and $2.5 Peronis.  We ordered the Polpette (meatballs with bread).  It was great, Cibo's sauce was amazing and a great compliment to the meatballs.  We also ordered from the pizza menu, the Diavola with added ricotta cheese.  It was a tomato based sauce pizza with spicy salame.  Our server recommend that  we add ricotta cheese.  I'm glad that we did, this was a great pizza.  it was perfectly cooked.  Crust was flakey, yet soft.  The ricotta added a nice creamy texture.  We really enjoyed our pizza, and with the appetizer it was a good amount of food for my wife and i to split.We ended up passing on dessert, but have had their crepes before and they were excellent.I really can't say much more about Cibo.  Again it is one of our go to places to eat while we are in downtown Phoenix.  This is a perfect place to enjoy a nice romantic meal at decent prices.  Can't really beat the value here, nor the food.   We look forward to coming back sometime soon!
1	Horrible service!  It took 20 minutes for the salad!  40 minutes for the pizza!  The salad had little to no dressing.  The wait staff never checked it to ask how the food was.  I had to go get the hostess.  When the pizza finally came it was decent.  The wine was weak.  I felt like I was on an episode of Nightmare Kitchens.  Sorry--they blew it.  I can't believe this restaurant was featured on Check Please, Arizona.  The ambiance is the only thing it has going for it--if you don't mind be ignored and waiting for ever.
5	If I'm ever back in Arizona I will totally be coming back here! I came here once and was really impressed with all aspects of this place. The restaurant itself had an authentic feel which made it a much more enjoyable meal with a great atmosphere. Aside from the ambiance, the food was so damn good! The Tomato Mozzarella Sandwich was amazing and the pizzas are seriously delicious. The potato pizza was the business! Ah wish I could get some of this in California...
4	Cool spot to eat at, been a guest many times over the years they've been open. food never fails, service is good. Plenty of wines to choose from and plenty of fresh ingredients in use, really like this place.
5	I love Cibo's!!!  Way better than Pizzeria Bianco!  Much better menu for all to choose vs just a few "fufu" items!!
5	Such a hidden gem in downtown Phoenix. I love sharing them with new people! A delicious menu, my personal favorite is the calzone. The Nutella and banana crepe is also a MUST, so save room for dessert! Love their outdoor seating, but inside is charming too. They have a nice private eating area too if you have a special event. I will definitely be hosting a rehearsal dinner there when my wedding time comes! It's truly one of the culinary bests in the Phoenix area, I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys good food, wine and company!The only thing I can say though is that on Friday and Saturday nights, they fill up quickly! But it is definitely worth the wait! And normally you don't wait as long as they quote you :)
5	Love this place.  Always a treat!
4	First time we went there 5 stars. Second time was for my birthday and the inlaw tried ordering cal zone and didn't take my warning that it is just like their pizza, just folded. Anyways I give it 5 stars for me, but I had a four star birthday there because I was the only one who enjoyed it. Diavola pizza is killer!
4	Cibo is a great place to get fresh, delicious pizza in an intimate setting. The crepes are also delicious and I recommend this place to anyone looking for quality food at a good price. The fact that it is an historic house adds charm!
5	We had an absolutely lovely weeknight dinner here.  The patio was shaded, the misters gently cooling us, and the gorgeous landscape providing a relaxing atmosphere.  The cappuccino, quattro fromaggi pizza, the Margherita pizza, gnocchi, pear salad, and the banana  nutella crepe were great.  Probably the only thing I might not order again would be the pear salad as it didn't seem to be the greatest value.  The pizzas and crepe were PERFECT!  Soft, yet chewy crust delicately supporting the toppings with just a bit of gorgonzola on the quattro pizza!
4	Great Pizza, awesome staff, cool spot- enough said, go eat!
4	This place is awesome! It's very quaint as it is a house converted into a restaurant. We sat outside but didn't realize that there had been construction being done on the street. At times it was so loud we just didn't bother to try and repeat what we had said. The other thing was the offensive smell! The dumpster sits right by the parking lot of the restaurant and if you sit outside you get a disgusting whiff of it every once in a while. Very unappetizing. The food itself is delicious! I got the mele salad which has caramelized walnuts, blue cheese, and apple slices. The dressing perfectly complimented the other ingredients. The pizza was had a delicious crust and ooey gooey cheese. One of the better specialty pizzas I've had. Definitely would go back and have!
5	Delicious, great environment, would definitely go back!   We got the "capricciosa" pizza, salad, and a really yummy dessert that consisted of nice little fried dough balls and Nutella.  Mmmm!  The house is beautiful as well, so much more character here than out in the 'burbs!
3	NEVER a complaint about the food or ambiance.  As far as a great meal and great atmosphere are concerned, this is the best place in Phoenix.  The only reason for the 3 stars is the hit-or-miss service.  Sometimes you get the best service you've ever had and sometimes you think your waiter forgot you sat down 30 minutes ago.  I want to give 5 stars, but I just can't.
5	So yesterday I'm in CenPho and pull out my handy dandy yelp app... I see reviews from Reese / Moanz / Samantha for this place less than a block away and it made my decision VERY easy.  It's a cool old house, and probably not a place I would ever stop if not for the amazing reviews (which were spot on by the way).  Within fifteen minutes I was enjoying one of the best pizza pies I've tasted in Arizona... and the gorgonzola almost threw me off.  I'm glad I went with my instinct, the pie was perfectly cooked and the flavors were out of sight.  Add to this an ice cold bottle of Peroni - and I was quite pleased with my decision.  Between this and Pomo, I'm convinced that it's the best couple of pies within a half mile anywhere in AZ.  COME EAT HERE!  You won't regret it.Also, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but if you like Nutella, you must try their Nutella crepe... it's pretty freaking tasty!
4	This pizza might as well be flown first class from Naples, so if you're looking for Neapolitan style you're in the right place, the mozz was a little too salty, and take the little tomato halves off the pizza Margherita, they don't belong there, that's the only thing I'd tweak. In addition to a great pizza, it's a very pretty place to sit and dine inside or out.
4	This place has a special spot in my heart (my boyfriend and I had our first date here). We usually start the dinner waiting at the bar with a bottle of wine. The bartenders know their stuff! They always recommend an awesome wine. When we get a table, we know what we want immediately. My favorite pizza is La Noce. Ricotta, tomato sauce, walnuts and we add proscuitto: it is to die for. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the last two times we've gone, our server was less than attentive. After waiting 35 minutes and drinking almost a bottle of wine, we want to order! I love this place, amazing food, gorgeous patio and friendly bar staff.
3	I really wanted to give Cibo 5 stars from the minute we drove by and saw the place. The delicious smells, the live music, the twinkly little lights draped all around the yard...I just knew it was going to be wonderful. We were quoted 20 min for a party of two for first available, but I read on yelp to expect that to be off -and it was...closer to 40 minutes- but it was a nice evening, and I was mentally exhausted from the long drive from Las Vegas, so I didn't mind that. We are seated and I was excited we wound up with a nice patio seat. Our server brought us some menus and when we ordered water she sort of rolled her eyes at us. I don't know how the serving situation works here - one young lady was handing water, wrapping silverware, and apparently picking up all the slack of the actual waitress. She brought us water, and about 15 min later, seeing we still had menus, kind of shook her head to herself and got the actual waitress. We ordered and she disappeared again, but the girl with water checked on us and brought us a little carafe. The people beside us had ordered dessert as we ordered our food, 1 dessert to share. The people from the kitchen ended up coming to ask what they had ordered. Our food showed up, and it was really good. We got a quattro formaggi and the pizza with speck, Asian pears and goat cheese. We finished and waited for the bill, and then waited to pay. Finally ready to leave, we realized we needed to break a $20 for the valet. I walked back inside, (where by the way wait staff runs past you each time you walk in the door and makes you feel tremendously in their way) and the host acted like I was really bothering him by asking such a menial question and said that he didn't have any change to give me and I should has asked my server, to which I almost replied "I would, had I ever seen her for more than 2 seconds." (Like I said, almost told him that, I try to be friendly and polite though.) I walked back out and saw my server, asked her to break a 20, she said the valet should have change, then threw her head back laughing? I don't know, it was very odd. The nicest person i encountered here was definitely the young lady (I'm 31, so the younger-than-me lady) handling water and silverware. I hope she is getting a cut of the tips, and had I been able to get change before walking out to the car, I definitely would have slipped her some of it. Those poor people beside us might still be waiting for their Fresca, whipped cream on the side. Ambiance: 5 starsFood: 4 starsService: 2 stars
5	Really tasty pizza, I've been here twice and it is really good stuff, the Nutella crepes for desert are so good. If you like a good drink I'd recommend the limoncello, it's like a lemon drop in liquid form, the lemon concentrate is strong though hardly sour. The prices are a tad high but it's still worth it, the quality of ingredients are definitely superb and the serving sizes are generous. Definitely would be a nice place to bring a date. I would recommend this place for sure.
5	The pizza here is very, very good.  Not quite the caliber of Pizzeria Bianco or Pomo, but it's very close.  Better than that though is the venue, it is in a very interesting old house, with one of the best outdoor patios you can find in downtown phoenix.
4	The atmosphere is great, and the pizza and sandwiches, while simple, are always delicious and well done.  Parking is a little difficult.  The White Sangria is lovely.  This is a prime downtown lunch spot, but its viability as dinner location has been diminished with the addition of the adjacent Vig.
5	The food is just as good as the atmosphere I loved the pizza salad & crepes was just sad we missed out on the pasta (only served certain nights) but I'll be back to try it!
2	Cibo has a great patio, a few quality happy hour offerings, and the exciting promise of gluten free pizza. Sadly, the good things about it didn't make up for the not so good things. On the plus side, the polenta fries were fantastic and the wife was a big fan of the gnocchi. On the minus side, the pizza was relatively tasteless (like it needed salt) and I'm pretty sure it made me sick. I don't know if it was the gluten free option or the cheese, of which I rarely eat, but I woke up the next morning violently ill. My wife ate the same thing and didn't have a problem, so perhaps it was a fluke. Either way, it just didn't excite us the way the Yelp reviews did. Much sadness ensued.
5	Amazing crepes! The berry crepes were to die for. I want to try the Nutella ones next time.
5	I absolutely LOVE Cibo,I used to live downtown and remember when it opened. So quaint, so delicious. I live in the North valley now and miss my walk over to Cibo. Anytime I head downtown I make a stop by Cibo! Try it, you will love it!
5	Finally tried this place, and I definitely get what all the fuss is about!I really like the atmosphere at Cibo. I was gonna say it's a "cute little place" because that's how it feels, but I think it's a lot bigger than it actually appears (as I was leaving I noticed that the patio really does have a lot of seating). It seems like there's a lot of separate little rooms each with a few tables, which I kind of like because even though this place gets busy you still can carry on a conversation with your party without feeling like you have to shout over loud noise. As for food, I can honestly say the calzone I had was one of (if not THE) best I ever had. I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to calzones, but the one at Cibo isn't quite as "heavy" compared to most places (the crust surrounding the cheese & meats is thinner), but it's HUGE & very filling. The lighter crust (& cheese) doesn't make you feel like there's a huge rock in your gut when you're finished even thought you just finished something so mammoth (and yes, I did finish my calzone). The other people I was with all had pizzas & they all found them to be yummy. I should note (and I'm pointing out my own stupidity here), the calzone at Cibo is listed on the menu w/the pizzas (they only have one calzone listed). The pizzas at Cibo all have special Italian sounding names. I actually thought I was ordering a pizza called the "calzone" and planned on sharing it w/the others in my party who were all sharing pizzas. I was a little surprised when I got an ACTUAL calzone (I know, silly me). Anyway, my friends had more than enough pizza to share with each other and I ate the whole calzone myself!My friends ordered a couple of desserts, which I didn't plan on trying, but decided when in Rome, why not! I had a couple of the donut ball things dipped in nutella (sorry, don't know what they're actually called), and they were heaven. A couple other friends split whatever the crepe w/fresh fruit & whipped cream is called, and well, I probably ate at least half of it. So, yeah...The service at Cibo is a little slow, but it gets crowded so that's understandable (I was here on a Friday). Our server was very friendly & helpful, though. I'll be back!
3	Very nice ambiance; however, I was not crazy about the service that was provided. Our server was really uninterested to be there, didn't seem like she cared at all. She has handed us two different manus and soft drinks were priced diferantley on both.
5	My favorite Phoenix lunch spot. Food is served quickly, always consistent and fantastic. Always. I think the staff are wonderful and friendly, their iced tea is so delicious. Being vegan, I either get the cous cous salad or the vegtariano without cheese. That sandwich is sooo good, and if you happen to save half for later, it tastes great afterwards too. I love love love Cibo. Best patio, delicious food, friendly staff. Best of Phoenix for sure.
5	LOVE CIBO. Arugula and fungi pizza is my favorite.
4	The meat and cheese board is out of this world, and a great way to start the meal. Layer on top-notch pizza after that, and there are few places that compare!
4	Love this classic downtown location! Perfect for a friendly happy hour, quick take-out, visitors from a far, or a romantic date. Service is always friendly.
4	Pizza was great. Got 2 pizzas with one type on each side(4 types). Sausage, spicy pepperoni, the Preston and potato one and prosciutto one. Prosciutto was the best then sausage. Watch out the spicy pepperoni will be too hot for kids. Crust was amazing. Green salad was good. Big portions can feed 2 adults per pizza.
4	Decent food, nice patio.
4	Margherita pizza with baby arugula and prosciutto added after cooking...appetizer plate with cannellini bean substitution (a few years back)...crepe suzette....Cutest patio ever and great small bar where you can eat on your own!!!
1	The service and atmosphere were so bad that we left before we ordered anything. So my score is not based on the food, which I hear is delicious. We were seated behind some obnoxiously loud lady who was over-explaining to her friend how poorly her coworker taught K-12 chemistry...and was getting almost everything wrong herself (I have a PhD in molecular genetics, so the convo was like listening to nails scraping a chalkboard). That's neither here nor there. Our bad experience was enhanced by this.So barely being able to hear myself think, I try to order a drink. The cocktail selection stinks for a place that appears to have an open bar. Plus, the waitress wasn't very helpful at all. She offered the peach bellini and then quickly retracted when she noted that they were out of the peach ingredient. Really?Then trying my best to speak over Loud-Talker explaining that all you needed to demonstrate "splitting atoms" is two styrofoam balls and a toothpick...nuclear fission with toothpicks...I asked the waitress if they had anything akin to an Italian soda, or maybe a soda/ seltzer with a splash of vodka and some flavor. What I figured was a simple request was impossible at Cibo.We left as Loud-Talker proclaimed that grade school kids don't need to learn chemistry, just general science...and we wonder why AZ's 8th graders rank #45 in the nation in STEM topics.All in all, our waitress was aloof from the moment we sat down. She was either spaced out or just had no people skills. Having the atmosphere ruined by Ms. Loud-Talker was our own bad luck, but I still give this place one star for the poor service.We left and went to The Vig next door. That place rocks.
5	great place.  however, it did not meet my personal taste buds.  my friends and their co workers love this place and give it five stars.  the patio is super nice on a nice weekend afteroon - when the weather is cool.
5	We have been countless times for but lunch and dinner and have always had a wonderful experience.  The food, ambiance, and staff are incredible.  Actually, the pizza is the best I've ever had.  The Margarita is a tried and true but my new favorite is the "La Noce".
3	Great environment outdoors especially and lots of interesting people.  The food is fantastic never had anything that wasn't great!
5	Reboot Technology ServicesI have taken both my laptops and cpu's to Drew.  His turn around time is quick and the work done is always top notch.  My computers are VERY old and he keeps them running.  He has a back-up service as well.  I would not take any of my computers anywhere else.
5	Ah-mazing! I love this Phoenix gem! It's my go to for celebrations, a place to take visiting guest, date night, night with the girls, all occasions! Prepare to indulge and do not count count calories.  You're eating quality ingredients with remarkable flavors.  The Barrata is superb! Smooth creamy Barrata with aged sweet balsamic vinegar and thin cuts of prosciutto on toasted bread is a must! Pizzas, oh the pizzas...are made in a wood fired oven and offer the perfect toasted yet chewy crusts. I highly recommend the Diavola if you like spice.  You can always add a touch of coolness by adding ricotta cheese. Secondly I recommend their Salsiccia con Potate. Baked chunks of seasoned potatoes with sausage and mozzarella. All desserts are wonderful, great coffees and homemade creamy lemoncello.  Notes: Sunday brunch is offered with a slightly different menu. They also serve chorizo that is remarkable! They serve a pizza much like the Salsiccia con potate with pesto & onions.  Sounds strange but it's delicious! Homemade pastas served only 2 nights a week. Check their website. Currently it's Wed & Thurs. Only beer & wine; except at brunch where they offer Bloody Mary's. Bon Appetit!
5	Awesome music , out or inside atmosphere the food and dessert are fabulous ! YummieWaiter give excelent service !
3	It seemed to take too long for the pizza to come out, but it was good. I liked the atmosphere but the parking situation sucked. I had the nutella crepes for dessert and quite honestly they are a distant second to crackers and company's crepes. Not impressed enough with the overall situation to come back.
5	this place is awesome. best pizza in town.
5	So here is a deal on a nudge of @AnthonyP (oh this is not twitter?) I decided to review a 4th place on Yelp since I have been a member as of late 2008.   I believe I went here w my sister like the first year they were open or was it just me not remembering any details I have no idea.  Anyway we got here first time pretty early or it was holiday so they weren't open yet or something like that years ago. Then we came back and everything was pretty much taken and it was so busy. I loved the decor and the feel of the place that puts you into a storybook or some other space and time.  I also thought I would see a ghost of some kind, but it all went well ( this is not Hollywood either).  So I reserve this place especially in my heart for its old wooden floors and the decor and lots and lots of flowers.  Hmmm that is what I remember anyways, half the stuff is prob made up. #reviewno4
5	There are a lot of cozy and charming little houses in Phoenix converted into a restaurant.  Cibo is one of them.  We went there for lunch and service was prompt and friendly.  Pomo Pizzeria (the VPN certified pizzeria in Scottsdale & Phoenix) used to be my number one pizza place, but Cibo has won me over!  You can taste the quality ingredients and everything is absolutely delicious!  What we ordered:Salmone SandwichCold sandwich consisting of smoked salmon, cream cheese, sprouts, arugula, and capers. Served on an amazing saltimbocca bread that's baked fresh with every order in their wood burning oven!  Comes with delicious garden salad sprinkled with pine nuts.  Absolutely fabulous sandwich!  Healthy too!Polpette SandwichHomemade meatballs in tomato sauce with melted mozzarella.  Served on an amazing saltimbocca bread that's baked fresh with every order in their wood burning oven! Perfect sandwich with oozing cheese!  Yum!Diavola PizzaLunch size pizza with tomato sauce, mozzarella and spicy salame.  Very good!Di Notte PizzaFontina, pecorino, gorgonzola, mozzarella and spicy salame.  Their crust is perfectly thin, chewy, and crispy.  Puffed up on the side like they should be, and absolute delight to eat!
5	Quaint atmosphere, amazing food, great wine and service was right up there too!  Nice place to relax before a game or concert down town.
5	LOVED IT!! Probably the best meatball I have ever had! Great atmosphere and their pizza is one point! Can't wait to go back!
5	The food is always amazing, but I think it gets better every time I come in. The Rustica pizza is to die for and good for two people. Also, you must try their Nutella and Mascarpone crepe (it's crack). The service is good without being annoying. They make sure you have everything you need, and then actually leave you alone so you can enjoy your meal. Over all, extremely satisfying.
4	Cute, cozy restaurant in downtown Phoenix. Nice alternative to waiting hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco. The pizza here was delicious, with yummy varieties to choose from. I haven't tried the regular italian food on the menu, but I've heard it's good as well.
5	Probably the best pizza in the valley!  This was my favorite place to go for pizza when living in Phoenix. Very charming setting. We especially loved to bring our dog here and sit outside. Fantastic service. Romantic but relaxed vibe. They also have delicious pastas, salads, and appetizers if you are in the mood for something other than pizza.  Get the nutella shake for dessert!
3	This place used to be better but unfortunately- it's going down hill. The food is bland. The chicken in their salads especially. I used to like it, but now I have no reason to go back.
5	This place is always amazing, every time I go.  The burrata is to die for and I order it as soon as I sit down.  If you don't get there semi early though, they typically run out by 6 or 7 on Fridays and Saturdays.  All of the pizzas I've had are super tasty, with local ingredients for toppings.  My favorite has to be the Diavolo with ricotta.  The salami has a nice spicy kick and the ricotta balances it out nicely.  Its a little warm during the summer, as most of the seating is outside.  But once the sun goes down and they turn on the decorative lighting, you forget you're in downtown Phoenix.  I'd recommend this place over Pizzeria Bianco anytime.  Half the wait and twice as good.
5	Awesome neighborhood place. Beautiful patio, cozy atmosphere, and, most importantly, great food. I love the pizza, but the sandwiches at lunch (which are made with wood fired pizza dough bread) are unbeatable. I only wish I could get those sandwiches at dinner...
2	This place is too small and the pizza is not memorable. I tried a shot of lemoncello and it was terrible and way too thick.
5	Awesome atmosphere and great place to eat outside when weather is good. Very cool downtown location and great food. The crepes and pizza are awesome. Good service and pricing is affordable.
5	Was a great spot that I was glad I stopped in to grab a quick bite while in Phoenix on business. Definitely will be back if I'm ever in the area!
5	awesome pizza,  great ambiance,   friendly service,  I would highly recommend this spot
4	So this place did a lot right, and only miss steeped a few times-plus very good food. The servos was great! Very good recommendations and follow through. Server even suggested a change to my pizza that the staff enjoys-it really made it nice. The problem with it was once she checked on my beer choice that was the lady time I saw her until I was completely finished. Small mistake to an almost perfect meal.The food was insane-very tasty!! The pizza combined typical Flavors of fresh sauce and cheese with pepperoni with less used ingredients of blue cheese and raw garlic. Crust had a perfect chewiness. Very good.There beer selection was ok-really would have preferred a draft selection but they did have great selection of local bottled beers.All in all a nice meal
5	Love this place!  Within walking distance and offers gluten free crust.
4	After shredding downtown with the little lady we decided to check out this quaint little restaurant. First, their is a lot of outside seating. The ambiance outside is very nice as well. The inside is smaller but nicely decorated. This is a great place for dates or romantic one-on-ones. Our meals were great. We had the calamari, a pizza, and a wood fired sandwich. Pros- great ambiance- good food- decent pricesCons - limited inside seating- just okay service- parked in the back. Trash bin was overflowing and smell turned us off.
5	Delicious food, wonderful atmosphere, owners were very nice and helpful, service was great.  Enjoyed it with another couple, but could be a great romantic date place too. Will definitely make this a regular on our list of favorite restaurants.
5	My favorite pizza in Phoenix, plus it is super romanic.
1	I hate to be critical, but really this restaurant needs to step it up. There are so many excellent urban pizzerias in the Phoenix area and this one fails in comparison. Our server was quite friendly and prompt, however it was hard to keep track of the service because we were so busy swatting flies off of our indoor table.  We ordered what the server recommended and the pizzas arrived within five minutes. The flavors were bland and the crust was soggy and wet-so much so that we did not finish our order and definitely did not take any leftovers home.  We were looking forward to advertised interesting flavor combinations and pizza that would keep is coming back. Although the decor was trendy and the patio seems accommodating and cozy, we will not be returning.
4	Fantastic location, ambiance, food, and beer selection.  I can't speak for the wine, but it looked good as well.  This place is definitely worth the visit, and you'll probably come back for the more traditionally prepared Italian pies with things like prosciutto and oil/pesto based sauces.
5	Cibo is excellent! The atmosphere, service, and food are all spectacular. Also prices are very reasonable. Patio is great as well, especially with the live music. Blows bianco out of the water, plus you don't have to wait two hours. Also great location, very homey. I take all out of towners here. Great for date night!
5	The best pizza there is.
5	My new favorite place in Downtown Phoenix!!!! Late night dinner we decided to check this place out and OMG I'm so glad we did! The server a pretty blonde was extra helpful and on point! (Too bad I didn't get her name) she answered all our questions and advised us on some items! I just completely fell in love! The place itself is a cute looking house, you walk and are greeted immediately, the wait wasn't long for a Thursday night... I'd so come again very very soon! We ordered the Arancini as an appetizer and I'm so craving it right now! It's a must try!!!The pizza was delicious and the desert was to die for!
5	Probably don't have more to add other then AWESOME!Went with a friend for lunch and was so pleased. Been waiting to go for a couple of years, but living in way north valley, wasn't convenient.So happy I had the opportunity! It was great.
5	My mother-in-law took us here when our friend from Japan was visiting. I would definitely go back! The service was excellent, and the food was, of course, delicious! We had a cheese platter, two pizzas (I don't remember what kind, but they were good!), and awesome drinks. Our server was friendly, had great suggestions, and was very patient with us. Oh, and the atmosphere was great -- very warm and inviting. Overall, we were very satisfied.
4	Great sandwiches and outdoor vibe. Could use more outdoor seating, but all in all, a good place.
4	Great date night.  Staff was easy to work with and the food is tasty.  They do have a patio if you'd prefer sitting outside.***** (5 Stars)- Amazing, zero flaws, a must go! (Not given often)**** (4 Stars)- Memorable, strongly feel you should visit*** (3 Stars)- Above average, worth a visit** (2 Stars)- Average, some pro's and some con's* (1 Star)- Opinion is do not go, below average
5	This place can do no wrong. Everything I've ever eaten here has been amazing! Not only that they have great servers and carry Lemoncello!
5	Place is awesome. Have been there for lunch during the week as well as the weekend. Never lets me down.  Probably some of the best pizza I have had.
1	Wow where do I begin.  I guess this is top dog for Phoenix but in the realm of pizza in general it rates up there with a strip mall no name pizza joint.  I am going to start with the dessert menu.  Really - every dessert is served with Nutella?  There wasn't one faux authentic Italian dessert on the menu.  Coffee - regular coffee that was exactly like the coffee I had in a hospital cafeteria.  I asked if they had cream for the coffee and I was told "Yes, we have half/half."  It was liquid Coffee Mate? Uh, that is not half/half.  While I wait let me give you "our cold stale bread" served without anything not even butter.  We had the Latina pizza and the tomato on the pizza was not even ripe nor near the color red and it was cold dropped on the pizza like a wet noodle.  I bit into a piece of rosemary and felt like I was immersed in a Vicks Vaporub mozzarella pizza.  If this place is owned by a native Italian he/she would be the laughing stock of his former Italian neighborhood.  Hang on... I didn't taste any of the wine.  You might be redeemed with a decent selection of Chianti but I can't imagine this is possible.  Wait wait wait.... the actual restaurant is very quaint in appearance.
2	I ordered the Genova pizza.  Straight up, it tasted like grass.  The onions and potatoes were still raw and I couldn't taste the basil pesto.  It tasted like grass.  The entire meal I was wishing I just ordered a margherita pizza.  My husband had a safe sausage pizza.  I ended up eating part of his pizza because I couldn't stand mine.  Still I can understand the charm of this place.  It's tucked away downtown and has a homey feel to it.  I don't know if I wanna give them another chance.  Maybe, but not anytime soon.
4	Really great food and atmosphere.  Valet parking is easy and convenient. Great wine list. One of my favorite places to go! Update for December 2014 - dinner was great, place was packed. Six of us dining and requested two bills. A tip was added onto both bills, but it was not easy to see that it was added...two of us looked for it before adding a tip and neither of us saw that it was added. Of course the server did NOT have the courtesy to tell us. We added 20% and she still didn't say a thing, resulting in an almost 40% tip!! I tip very well if the service is good, but I'm very disappointed that a server wouldn't point out that it is included in the bill already. We had to find her and request a partial refund of our double tip, which was embarrassing. She knew exactly what she was doing. Management be aware of your employees pulling this on customers.
4	My daughter, grandson and I visited this quaint little restaurant last evening and were very impressed with the pizza and salad.  I would highly recommend trying Cibo.
4	Another place to go for thin crust pizza in Phoenix. The place looks real cool and bright.Don't miss the desserts also.
5	amazing perfect for lunch or date night.
5	My girlfriend Lisette had been harping on me for weeks to try this place, and she finally convinced me to leave the house and meet her at Cibo. When I pulled up to the restaurant to my pleasant surprise it was a quaint building reminding me of a house in Washington.The food was delicious, and the service was quick and friendly. Although there was a larger party seated next to us, it did not distract from the over all experience. I was very pleased, and look forward to returning again!
3	Finally, I got to try the pizza that everyone has been raving about!  Being a pizza snob, I take my pizza seriously!I had been to Cibo long ago but was discouraged by the fact that this place, which labels itself as a "pizzeria" did not serve any pizza during lunch.  A fact that was never mentioned over the years by all the rave reviews, in advertisements, or even on their own website.  I'm sure many others experienced the disappointment of finding this out on their first visit.  The news that they had recently started to serve pizza options for lunch prompted me to finally return.  Though I should note that (at this point) your pizza choices are limited to only four selections, nothing like the nearly two dozen options available at dinner.Cibo's pizza harkens back to the traditional pizza from Napoli, however it falls short of accomplishing this feat, and for those who have experienced "authentic" pizza, this comes across as a failed attempt.  However, it is definitely a step up from average pizza place.I ordered the Salsiccia Pizza, which has tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and sausage. The crust is made from "00" flour, cooked in a fired oven and is soft and appealing, however it fails at the trademark chewiness, and is lacking any type of character development.  In other words...bland.I was very happy with the fresh mozzarella and more so with the real fennel sausage, however the tomatoes lacked any brightness, and were lost under the other, more aggressive flavors.My pizza was barely seven inches, and was cut in eight pieces, which made the slices too narrow to handle the toppings, so attempting to eat this by hand resulted in more toppings returning to the plate, than were entering my mouth.Cibo resides in a rehabilitated home on 5th Avenue, which is small, but inviting.  They have a small lot, and on street parking is shared with other businesses and residences, so parking can be an issue.Overall the pizza is decent, however, why would I bother to return here when I can get much better (and larger) pizza at either of the two "Certified" authentic pizzerias that are just blocks away?
5	Our favorite pizza in AZ. There are many wood fired pizza places but there is something about Cibo that makes them our favorite. The crust is fired to a crisp yet just chewy enough texture. The cheeses and sauces are so fresh and delicious. On this trip we enjoyed the Caprese salad, sausage pizza and calzone that was filled with salami, prosciutto, ricotta, mozzarella and sauce. We have had Bianco and Cibo and we enjoy Cibo just a little more.
4	Matt was the best server! He was so kind, polite, and informative to our party. We had a dog with us who he was also especially sweet to.Food was solid. However the Capri salad could have used more tomatoes, mozerella, and salt in the pesto.
5	Excellent homemade pasta and relaxing atmosphere.  So glad I live downtown so I can walk here and get my fix :)
5	This is hands down, one of my favorite spots for date night! The ambience is romantic with hanging lights, as well as the European feel of the restaurant. We ordered the antipasto, a perfect combination of meats, cheese, tomatoes, olives, etc. We then decided to get the Siena pizza, with prosciutto and zucchini. It was my boyfriend's birthday and our server was lovely enough to whip up a free Nutella crepe, with a lit candle. All in all, perfect place for date night!
3	My friends love this place but I just thought it was okay.  It really depends on the style of pizza you like.  I don't like pizza that is really more bread based than sauce based.  The sauce makes or breaks a pizza for me.  The pizza here doesn't use a lot of sauce or cheese.  If you are a fan of good crust you may love this place but it is not my cup of tea.  I am spoiled since I am from Chicago where there are great pizza places everywhere.  Phoenix has a lot of places people tell me the are really good but I find most of them to be average at best.  It is hard to compare Lou Malnattis or Giordano's in Chicago to anything here.
5	One of the best patios in Downtown Phoenix. Love the atmosphere!The salads and pizza are all amazing! It's my go to spot for lunch or a nice dinner. Romantic yet casual, this is one of my favorite spots!
3	loved the food, location, and look of the place...they have the same style of pizza that the pizzeria in Heritage Square does...only your not sitting on top of strangers.Wait staff runs Hot and Cold...some nights we had a waitress/waiter that seemed to be having a wonderful time with their guests...other nights the waiter/waitress and the "water re-filler" seem to be very unhappy we were there. Food makes up for it in my book and you just "rasberry" them off until you get your pizza. thats what Tipping is for
5	Found this gem on yelp after a long drive from tombstone to Sedona. We were exhausted and hungry. The service was great and the food even better! Mangia!
5	This restaurant is in one of the historic neighborhoods of Phoenix and it is just lovely.   We sat in the back and had a beautiful view of the city and the small garden area surrounding the restaurant.  (There is a small area just to the right of the entrance that has four tables in close proximity with stone floors and, I believe, brick walls.  The sound in that area is overwhelming so I would not sit there.)  I had a white, gluten free pizza, called Procida that was really delicious: mozzarella, prociutto crudo, asian pears, arugula and goat cheese.  My son had gluten free crust with pepperoni and sausage and he loved it and my husband had one of schiacciata sandwiches, maybe romagnaola - it seemed like it had sausage in it but I don't see that on the menu.  Everything was savory, warm, crusty, and really enjoyable to eat.  We had the fresca for desert and it was really like a party on a plate:  artistically folded crepe around ice cream and fruit, covered with multi colored pieces of fruit and whipped cream and also very pleasant to eat.  A really enjoyable dining experience!
3	Food is great. Staff was unfriendly. Went to pick up a pizza, walked in had 4 staff members sit and talk to each other while I waited for someone to acknowledge me. I say loudly "I am here for a pick up" and I have to get the pizza box myself before someone comes over for me to pay.
5	LOVE Cibo. Ambiance and amazing food :)
5	Pretty much the best pizza I've had in awhile. I ordered the Diovola under Pizze Rosse. Remember to get there early as you can as there is not much seating in there and can get super hot. Parking sucks as well.
3	I'm giving a 3/5 review because we had a great time its a fun place! beautiful terrace and good staff ! my only disappointment was the flavor.I was expecting to be the best because of the reviews and the photos, it wasn't memorable let me put it this way!The distribution of the  veggies on the pizza was clustered. An even distribution of the vegetable allow you to appreciated all the flavor.  Big story but this is a place that has a lot of potential and I am happy to see an  happy local business thriving!
5	Boyfriend and I went to this for date night. Such a cute and friendly enviroment! Highly recommend. However, we waited awhile for our waitress to reappear but she was super friendly and helpful! Loved this place!
5	Service was good, food was AMAZING. Also, the vibe of the place is very fun. Reminded us of Flagstaff. And considering the quality of food, the prices were reasonable. We were very pleased!
4	One of my new favorite pizza places.  People have been recommending this place since I moved Downtown, and I am glad I finally decided to take a few friends there for dinner.  The pizza did not disappoint.  The friendly, service oriented staff was happy to make recommendations and highlight some tasty choices on the menu.  I will definitely go back.  Only down side for a vegetarian - double check the menu descriptions (lots of prosciutto).
5	The best pizza and crepes.  i had the crepe with fresh fruit and ice cream. i'm not a big crepe fan, but I crave theirs.
2	What a wasted opportunity. Great location, one of the best patios in Phoenix and the opportunity for an authentic hand tossed French/Italian pizza ... The location and ambiance deliver, Unfortunately the food just doesn't. I had a great time. The service was good but the food was below average. I sampled three pizzas - all were bland - not bad - but not up to any reasonable expectation for a $16 personal pizza. The pesto salad was short on pesto and there are no draft beers available. The best part of the meal was the Lemoncello at the end   We deserve better Phoenix
1	I have nothing to say about the food because we did not get a chance to order any. Do not come here for service. After reading the rave reviews on yelp, my family and I decided to drive out to it from our hotel in Scottsdale. We obviously came for the pizzas, but were told that we would be unable to order anything from the "dinner menu" although both yelp and their menu stated that the lunch menu ended at 2pm, which is when we got there. Our waitress told us that those were both incorrect & if we had checked their actual website, we would see that it is actually 3pm (as if we weren't thorough in our research and must triple check). We explained to our waitress Erika that we were from LA California & if they would be able to make an exception. She said no, but upon further requests and asking to see a manager she left and did not return long enough for us to realize that service is clearly not a priority at this eatery.  My sister cleared the bill for the drinks and we left without a single apology or accommodation from the restaurant. Very disappointed.
5	Hands down my favorite pizza spot in Arizona. The margherita pizza is phenomenal. The whole basil leaves are a nice touch. I use to work right next door so we ordered from here frequently. Here are some items I suggest:-Meatballs-Margherita Pizza (any pizza really)-Tuna MeltThe ambiance is pretty neat at night. It's homey and cozy. One of my co-workers actually proposed to his wife here! Haven't had a chance to try the drinks yet but I hear they do a good job!
5	Hands down the most delicious prosciutto sandwich I've ever had!  I came here for lunch and had the most delicious meal ever!  They make their bread and it's so light and crispy- so worth the $$$ and trip!  My meal was about $9 for lunch.Staff was friendly and quick.  They even have valet for your car!  This place is a house turned into a restaurant.  Very clean and I would 100% recommend this place!  Can't wait to come back!!!!!  Might be my go to Friday lunch spot!  You won't be disappointed you came!
4	I love the outdoor dining, but feel a bit claustrophobic inside. Expect long wait times during peak hours (and potentially slow service), but the food is good and the staff is friendly. Based on the wait times when I've visited, I've only been twice. Both pizza's were delish.
4	Good food, loved the pizza and salads.  I'm definitely coming back! Cute place and awesome staff.  Ask for Shane!  :)
1	After so many rave reviews of this place, we decided to give Cibo's a try. In a nutshell - the most underwhelming and flavorless meal we've had in a very long time. We should have anticipated what kind of meal this was going to be, by the dirty side plates brought to our table.We had the Ostia salad - "Romaine hearts tossed with our homemade chick pea dressing, topped with oven roasted herbed croutons, shaved pecorino romano, crispy parsnips and black pepper." Our romaine lettuce was spoiled, and rotting, the dressing had absolutely  ZERO flavor, and the salad overall just generally lacked any flavor at all. We then had the Procida pizza -"Mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, asian pears, chopped arugula, goat cheese and black pepper." It wasn't bad, but it was just - eh. Again, lacked flavor. The goat cheese had no flavor whatsoever. Our service was fine, but the girl who cleared our plates was very unprofessional. We let her know (and showed her) our rotted salad leaves, and she just replied with - "Oh...sorry." That was it. Also, as she was clearing our plates, she put others' dirty plates on our table as she tried to stack ours. At that point, we knew our complaint was going to fall on deaf ears. We've been to just about every pizza joint in the valley, and this was subpar, to say the least. I have no idea what all the hullaballoo is all about. We will definitely not be going back, which is disappointing, because we truly had high hopes for Cibo's after all the amazing reviews.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I have a gluten allergy and their gluten free pizza and crepes are the best in Arizona! I have never had a bad meal there. They also have house made limoncello!
5	Appetizers - Good!Wine - Even Better!Pizza - Amazing! Dessert - Banana Thing with Nutella on it! Whooop! Slam dunk on a perfect meal with my cousin and her two teenage sons with appetites unbelievable! With only these few hours available to spend with my relatives, it was spent at Cibo, nothing could have been better time spent with relatives, outside on a cool fall night of last year! Yep, experience was that memorable that I thought I should yelp about it!
5	Cibo is a great place to go!!They have a large patio and indoor seating as well. Cibo has great appetizers such as the burrata.. It is a fun place to go for a dinner date or lunch with the girls. The pizzas are good and the crepes are amazing. Service was good. Love this place!
4	I was visiting from California, and only came to Cibo because it seemed like the only edible place (that had good reviews) in Arizona. The exterior was surprising, it was basically a house that was converted to a restaurant. Once you walk in you immediately feel at home. I also loved how all the awards or that they have won were placed on the wall. Now... on to the food. I ordered pizza, I got half Diavola and half Genova. The Diavola is Tomato sauce - mozzarella and spicy salame and the Genova was Mozzarella - basil pesto - onions - roasted potatoes and grated parmimgiano. Hands down the Diavola was probably the best pizza I have ever had in a restaurant. It is a must get! Now the Genova, was good but it could have been better. I've never had potato on my pizza before but I felt like they were a little undercooked. Besides that it was also really good and had good flavor. If you are visiting AZ then definitely go here, you won't be disappointed. I just hope they expand to San Diego!
3	I just couldn't wait to try this place out and I Heard how awesome it was.We ordered a margarita pizza with anchovies on it, what they brought out was an artichoke pizza, they took that away and brought us a marinara pizza with anchovies on it.. No cheese or basil. I ordered the homemade roasted pork belly sandwich I think it was called after asking the waitress what her favorite dish on the menu was. It came out soggy she didn't offer ketchup or anything to put on the Fry's but I wanted malt vinegar her she provided it i'll sonic vinegar. Anyway I'm gonna give this place a benefit of the doubt and go back because it really was cool place that  has a good vibe to it.
4	Cibo is such a fun place to go for a delicious Italian dinner.  The setting is an old converted bungalow style house in a residential downtown Phoenix neighborhood.  There is complimentary valet parking (recommended).  The front of the restaurant is a large tree covered patio with twinkle lights glowing in the evening.  There is often live music outside on the weekends.  The wine selection is great and the servers are helpful in selecting the right wine to accompany your meal.  We always order the burrata as an appetizer followed by their amazing pizza, salad and the decadent Nutella crepes.  Our favorite pizza is the Diavola.  The meat is spicy and delicious.  Adding ricotta cheese to any of their pizzas is an option that just takes the pizza to a whole new level of yumminess!  Service is attentive and relaxed.  I highly recommend Cibo.  It would be a great place to take out of town visitors or to celebrate a special occasion.
4	I came here a few months ago and the atmosphere is fantastic! My girlfriend loved it. The pizza is very pricy but very authentic. We liked it... I do not remember the name of the pizza but it had truffle sauce and mushrooms on it... WOW. I definitely will be coming back.
5	Surprised I never wrote a review for Cibo but to be well fed with dessert and a bottle of wine for under $60 bucks you can't go wrong here.
5	Amazing place to eat some yummy pizza! The calzone is HUGE and mouthwatering good! Such a cute and romantic place, too. If the weather permits, you must sit outside. The lighting and live music really make your dining experience unforgettable. Really can't go wrong with this place! Looooove :D
5	My absolute favorite pizza in my life is served here!It's Tartufata: prosciutto + mushroomWhen it gets to my table, I have to bathe in aromatic truffle steam. Instant food orgasm
5	I've eaten at Cibo about a dozen times over the past 8 years. It's a beautiful restaurant, just tucked away from the Downtown/Roosevelt hustle & bustle - and the food is fantastic! The pizza here is crisp and delicious, and I really enjoy their sandwich creations! They use very high quality meat (and yes, I'm a mostly vegetarian!), and the ciabatta bread is to die for! This place is great if you are looking to spend all night drinking wine and eating great food with friends, if you are celebrating something special, or if you just want a tasty lunch! Parking is fairly straightforward here. And also, big kudos to the staff who have always been very friendly and attentive!
3	First of all, I love the ambiance. Perfect for date night and also perfect for my birthday dinner. Service and food wise, not so much. Our server was pretty rude. My boyfriend told her it was my birthday, and she said, "....ok. I'll bring something out at the end." She didn't not even look at me or say Happy Birthday. Okay whatever. We ordered the Palline 2.0, the fried dough with a side of Nutella, and a pizza that had potatoes and sausage on it. The fried dough: I expected it to be soft and fluffy...but it was a lot harder than I thought. It was hard to chew.Pizza: Meh...It was good? But it didn't really have a taste to it. I can taste the potatoes a little, but the cheese flavor was very mellow, and so was the sausage surprisingly. I did, however, taste the burnt crust very well. Free Nutella crepe: At least I got this for free for my birthday...but the crepe isn't as good as other ones I've tried.The entire time, our server didn't not ONCE look at me...WHY? My goodness...how upsetting. If I wasn't trying to have a nice birthday dinner, I would give it 1 or 2 stars.
5	This pizza place is incredible. It has a wonderful atmosphere, out of this world good pizzas, and delicious pasta. If you can ever get their squash pasta dish, DO. It gets crowded; arrive early or come late. Order wine--they have a great selection.
5	This is a beautiful spot. The food and staff are excellent. This is my first night in Phoenix, flying in from San Francisco and I have been spoiled.
5	I don't usually eat Italian, or pizza ... or give Italian or pizza places 5 stars. But this place really took me by surprise. WARNING: If you sit outside during mosquito season, prepare to be bitten!! Otherwise, it is probably one of the most ROMANTIC cute outdoor dining spots I've ever seen. Perfect for Phoenix since it's perpetually warm almost all the time during the summer, fall and spring months.We came here because of the phenomenal reviews, and also because everyone said it was better than Biano. I have to say, their daily pasta specials are amazing because the pasta is homemade! I am a sucker for homemade pasta even though I don't like Italian food for the most part ... sooo delicious. The food comes out extremely fast! The pizza here is the thin style wood-fired oven kind, which is great, and their overuse of truffle oil is totally ok with me. I loved the truffle mushroom pizza, and we got ricotta on the Diavlo. Recommended!
2	Two stars because the food was good. However when asked to sit on one side of the patio we were told they weren't sitting that side, even though people were sitting there. We decided to go inside for dessert and sit at the bar. Once inside the employees were taking up the bar with their bags and food. We tried to find a spot and the employees simply stared at us until we left the bar and found a table. A note for the owner; if your paying customers want to sit at the bar the employees should move their bags and food to the back.
5	I had the best gluten free pizza I ever had!!! and what fast service. no one else comes even close to taste.
1	Stopped by because of all the great reviews . We ordered two small lunch pizzas and a salad . The Diavola & Salsiccia. Our pizzas were very blan tasting and was soggy . Every slice I tried to pick up it would flop over and all the toppings would fall off  . Another thing I didn't really like was that the sodas are in cans and are way over priced 2$ . Why don't they have a soda fountain machine and serve it in a large glass ?
2	I was so excited to try this place, such great reviews.  As soon as we got there the excitement turned to disappointment.  My husband and I decided on a last minute date night when I get off work.  I had been looking at this on yelp and it was on my list.  We went last night, Sunday, and got there about 8 pm (they closed at 9 pm).First we walked in, was not sure where to go since it was out first time.  Someone walked by and said the hostess will be back in a few minutes.  So we waited..and waited.  About 15 minutes later a hostess arrived.  We asked to be seated outside since it was beautiful out.  She was annoyed that the table she sat us at was directly against a bench which I kept hitting my elbow on.  We asked to move (there were a lot of tables) which annoyed her even more.  About 15 minutes later our server showed up (granted now the close in 30 minutes).  We asked for a cup of ice and lemons for our water multiple times...never saw those the whole meal.  She came to the table for our order and stated they only had 4 pizza's left so if we wanted pizza we needed to order immediately.  Since we had never been there, looking at the menu for 3-4 minutes was not enough time, but we wanted pizza.  We got a pepperoni like pizza and a sausage and potato white pizza.  We also ordered calamari as a appetizer.  When the food came out, all of it came at once.  This is my biggest pet peeve of restaurants!!  Appetizers come before a meal...not with it!  The calamari was nothing to talk about...frozen and bland.  The best thing about it was that we got the lemons with is, so we used those in our water.  The pizzas came out at the same time...again nothing great.  The crust was actually delicious, but there was hardly any cheese on them at all.  We asked for parm cheese, never got that either.  On the potato pizza the potatoes were still hard (under cooked) so we peeled them all off.  The pepperoni was okay, just needed more cheese.  The crust was the best part of the pizza.  The food was okay...the service was horrible (never got what we asked for, drinks empty whole meal, and rushed to get everything since it was close to closing).  I think with this experience we will not come back here.  We drove over 30 minutes to try this place and it was a disappointment.  I know there are a lot of good reviews, but this is my view, which is not great.
5	Perfect crust, delicious sauce and super fresh ingredients. Delectable crepes for dessert--you have to save room!!The atmosphere is difficult to beat; it's essentially a little old house with a huge front patio, complete with several outdoor tables, strings of those medium sized "yellowish" lights. Inside is so adorable, with a few different rooms with tables in each one. It is always clean and can be a great place for a date or get together with family or friends. So worth it. I've never bothered to wait to eat at Pizzeria Bianco, so I can't say from personal experience but I suspect they wouldn't be any better than this little gem, CIBO. From friends who've been to both, I'd say they'd agree!
2	I came to this place with a friend, who raves about this place so I was excited to finally try it after all the hype that is was given on behalf of my friend. Sadly to say, I have had better pizza at a similar type restaurant to Cibo. The pizza that I had was soggy and had no flavor. I was very disappointed and do not believe that pizza should be eaten with a knife and fork. The only thing I liked was the dessert, which was the nutella crepe. I will never come pack here and stick to my favorite urban pizzaria, which is La Bocca in Tempe.
5	Believe it. The gluten free pizza you've dreamt of has arrived. I come here for lunch when it's slow and quiet. I've had almost all of their pizzas now but my favorite is the Di Norte by far. If you're celiac then you better make this a destination meal because you will never find better :)
5	I've been to Cibo a handful of times and each time I have left full, content and served well. It can be crowed if you are eating at peak times /days, but that just reiterates the tasty food and pleasant service! If you have not been, I hope you enjoy Cibo as much as my wife and I do.
5	Cibo is an unassuming little gem in a downtown Phoenix neighborhood. The ambience is perfect and the outdoor patio is gorgeous. Perfect place for a quiet, romantic meal. We ordered several things to get a good taste, and everything was heavenly. From the perfectly cooked pizza with a mouth watering array of expertly balanced flavors, to the fresh salad, the otherworldly meatball sandwich, and finally to the sinfully fantastic crepes with Nutella and strawberries and whip cream. You can't go wrong, no matter what you order. This place is quite the treat and the prices are quite reasonable for the unparalleled quality of the food you receive. Forget about Pizzeria Bianco and make your way here instead. It's only a mile away from them, but the difference is night and day.
4	Lovely little spot downtown.  Very nice services and adorable building.  Love the outdoor patio   While I so appreciate the fact that they have Gluten Free Pizza (so hard to find) the crust is so salty that it's almost not edible.  I've tried it twice to make sure it wasn't a one time mistake.  I WILL go back again but will opt for a salad next time.
5	Yeah, another fiver, we had an amazing meal hear this weekend.  All the pizzas were great, I especially love the dough, it has so much flavor and perfect texture.  We were crepe crazy and ordered four of them, and they were so goooood! The orange marmalade one turned out to be my fav, I didn't expect that, but wow! It was so good! The marscapone and berry was a very close second.  I do have to mention for the sake of hoping it will help, not our waitress (she was AMAZING!) but the girl who brought the food to us, had a shitty attitude.  Thinkin a tune up is in order.
3	This restaurant is super cute! I loved the big outside patio and all of the tree lights. We ordered a pizza, a salad, and a sandwich. The pizza was ok, it was a little burnt in spots. The salad had a fresh taste but not a lot of flavor. The truffle fries that came with the sandwich were probably the best part of the meal. I would probably give this place one more shot.
4	Came here with a friend one night. The lights and the peaceful night would be great for a date. The sandwiches were great. My friend and I loved the fries!!! The pizza and the desert didn't really work for me. I will come back again with my gf another time. Sorry, I forgot the name of the food I ordered
5	Best place on Earth for pizza....period.
4	3.5 stars actually but I rounded up.I've come to Cibo a few times for client lunches and I always order the pizza. The patio is beautiful and the food is good too... But I wouldn't say it's the best pizza in Phoenix.
5	This place is a must try out place.  The atmosphere is so laid back and the pizzas are absolutely delicious. The pizza taste so good.  Also the crepe's are so delicious, I had the fresca. It is full of fruits and vanilla ice cream.   I will definitely be back soon, very soon I reallt liked these place.  The staff was very nice and it felt very welcoming.
1	It pains me to write this review because I have loved this place for so long. Now myself and about 40 of my friends will never be back.  We had thrown a rehearsal dinner here and were all very excited but by the time we left we were disappointed, my friend wrote in with her feedback and instead, Michelle, blamed her!!  It was our fault it was hot, it was our fault the guests had to serve themselves, it was our fault dinner and dessert came out late. I get it things happen but how the company handled this is just ridiculous and inappropriate.  I am warning you, beware of this restaurant and it's lack of customer service. I am sure they will be receiving a few more reviews from our party as soon as they recover from the heat and all the work they had to do that night. Ps- one server for 40 people is NEVER enough.
4	Oven brick pizza here is delicious. Great romantic intimate atmosphere and on some nights they have live music outside. Love this place for dinner but not for lunch. I like this pizza better than the famous Bianco's pizza. Parking in the street is your only option and that is the only major complain I have about this place.
1	We have visited this place multiple times over the past few years and when I found out they had a private room for me and my guests I was so excited! At first they were very accommodating, they let us see the room and discuss how we were going to set it up for our party and went over the menu's with us. It came as a big surprise to me when we showed up and had to wait over an hour and a half for our first course to come out! Everything just went downhill from there. We complained to our server multiple times (we had 1 server for a party of 40) that the room was extra hot and there was nothing done about it. I had about 10 guests having to get up to try and cool down outside, fanning themselves and sweating throughout the dinner. Then when half of our guests left I realized they never sent out dessert and we had to ask for it! I was then told we should have requested dessert to come out, what kind of restaurant waits 45 minutes to bring dessert after a meal is finished?My BIGGEST disappointment was how the catering manager, Michelle, handled everything after I sent her an email. I understand that she is the owner's wife but I've had teenagers talk to me nicer than she did. She was brash and offensive. Not only did she not take blame for anything she blamed our party for all of the issues. You can count on the fact that I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone and will have negative things to say when asked; which is unfortunate because I work downtown and a lot of people always ask me for recommendations. I sure hope the lack of customer service turns people off from dining here, you are better off going to Cheesecake Factory!
4	I didn't have a big appetite and wasn't really into stopping at a restaurant that my girlfriend wanted to go to cause she went there a few years ago. I'm glad we stopped. The place is located at the end of a neighborhood. It was so odd going through residential (or maybe those businesses that look like little houses) streets and arriving at the restaurant. Cibo's a really cute place and it is probably super popular. The patio, at night, I can imagine is hopping and it is set up to accommodate a good amount of people (from what I remember, this was after driving 10 hours from Austin to Santa Fe and then another 8 from Santa Fe to Mesa). We went in the dead of the afternoon, way past lunch, and the staff was hanging out in one room and we were by ourselves in the other room. Cute place. Repetitive but it is legitimately an intriguing atmosphere because it teeters between cute and cool. I had some thin margarita pizza and I remember being a little disappointed in that the pizza itself was a little on the soggy doughy side. Girlfriend had... I don't remember what but she did order a huge chocolate crepe for dessert. That monster was super rich and sweet and I think at least 3 people can share it. If I wasn't staring at another 10 hour drive, I think it would have gone really well with a nice espresso. I would definitely recommend people to check out Cibo.
2	Nice, little lunch spot....by Arizona standards.The outdoor seating area is relaxing, provided that it isn't 1,000 degrees outside, but keep in mind that you will constantly be harassed by a multitude of flies.  It's disgusting and ruins the experience.The service can be hit-or-miss, but most of the time it is adequate.They lose a few stars when compared to Fired Pie.  Cibo doesn't seem to cook their pizzas long enough, which makes the interior soft, squishy, and unappetizing.  That is a pet peeve.Cibo is also more expensive.  Why?  Who knows.  I paid $10.00 for a single topping "lunch" pizza.At Fired Pie, you pay around $8.50 for the same size w/ unlimited toppings.In hindsight, I probably shouldn't have gone to Cibo for lunch.  Haha.
4	We had lunch here today. Great atmosphere and decor. We live in Ohio and search the world over for great pizza. This is very good Neapolitan style pizza. We also had a sandwich and it was excellent. Great restaurant.
5	We went with a big group and sat outside. They have a perfect outdoor setting. We started with calamari & the big tray of meats and cheese which I loved. We then tried all kinds of different pizza which was all pretty good. I would not say the best pizza I have ever had but pretty good. We got a couple of deserts that were made from crepes which were good as well. Not to die for deserts. Overall great spot. Would go back again.
4	The pizza is pretty tasty.  Solid thin crust italian style pie.  If i'm nitpicking they are pretty stingy on the toppings and I wish they were a dollar or two cheaper.Biggest complaint here is the building itself.  If you get stuck inside one of those tiny little rooms that were built originally as someone's bedroom with like 7 tables be prepared to hear everyone's conversation but your own.Ask for the crushed red pepper infused olive oil - it is glorious. Dump the crushed red pepper on that spicy sausage.  Heat lovers dream.
4	Great sandwich, delicious fries and pizza made the right way - meaning thin crisp crust (now there is a tongue twister for you), tasteful and not too greasy. I stopped by a few times during a business trip where I stayed at a nearby hotel. The outside area is great for gatherings, with live music and plentiful shade under the trees. For you loners out there, I can recommend sitting at the bar. Lively atmosphere, great service.
4	I really like Cibo. I've been here for lunch, dinner, and a special event at the "Carriage House." The food is really good. I prefer the sandwiches over the pizzas - especially the caprese sandwich.They also had happy hour the last time I was there and the prices aren't amazing, but it's decent for what you get. I would skip the fried dough pieces. The fried rice balls are excellent, and the drink prices are really good.Oh, and the little salad that comes with the sandwich is perfection. Plus, the weather is perfect right now and they have a large patio seating area.
5	One of my favs. The pizza is great and dessert pizzas are to die for. One of my go to spots for guests in town. Great cozy atmosphere for a date or just to catch up with friends.
5	AMAZING restaurant. Please please give it a chance!
5	My favorite place for pizza in Phoenix!   I absolutely love going to Cibo for many reasons.  What is there not to love about this place.  Cibo is a restaurant set inside of an early 20th century bungalow with beautiful hardwood floors and exposed brick. When you walk through the main doors, you are greeted by the hostess stand and a small quaint bar... there are several dining "areas" throughout the restaurant, as this was a "house" that has been renovated in the historic Filmore area just off the main downtown area of Phoenix.  The pizza here is fantastic.  People often compare this pizza to another popular pizza restaurant in Phoenix.  I don't think that there is a comparison.  Cibo is so much better.  I have tried several pizzas here, but my favorite, surprisingly, is the Genova.  I always order the pizza well done and the crust comes out nice and crisp.I love the Pear Salad as well.  The salad is huge and can be share between 2 friends.You must also try the lemoncello.  It is divine and the best in Phoenix that I've tried other than homemade.  Bon Appetite!
4	I had heard good things about Cibo and finally decided to try it. Luckily all of the good things were true! The food was great, only "complaint" I had is that the cheese and toppings fell off as soon as you lifted a slice, but it tasted great!The atmosphere is so cozy, inviting, and romantic. Great place for a date, or even just with friends or family. Definitely recommend the vegetarian pizza, and the Nutella banana crepes are to die for!
5	My wife and I tried this place (pronounced as 'CHEE-BO')a few months ago and have been back at least a half-dozen times since. If you like real Italian/Naples style pizza, this is your place. While they also do a specialty pasta dish a couple days during the week, pizza is really the heart and soul of the place.I like to dine here when the weather is nice and we can eat outside. On Friday and Saturday nights, they have a live jazz band outside. This can be a very romantic place to go and I highly recommend it for a date. All the deserts (except one) are using Nutella as an ingredient. I am not a fan of Nutella, but I must say the Pellani 2.0 is most excellent and only about $6. What is it? Imagine donut holes being served in a little metal basket with four wooden spears. You spear the donut hole with the little stick, then dip it in the ramekin of Nutella to your taste and enjoy! or, feed each other - very romantic.The prices for what you get are very reasonable. Parking can be a challenge or you can use their complimentary valet.Lot's of stuff to do downtown very close to this place (Film Bar, Angel's Trumpet, Crescent Ballroom, Breadfruit bar...too many things to do in this area that I can list here).Highly recommended, but very limited menu. If you like REAL pizza, in a unique and romantic atmosphere and very affordable. I only wish I knew about this place sooner.
4	I had lunch here with a colleague recently and we had a wonderful time. It was bit too chilly to sit in their lovely garden so we sat inside where it was more cozy. Lunch was excellent. I had the Polpette (meatball sandwich) and my friend had the PLT, both with a side salad. My sandwich was one of the best meatball sandwiched I'd ever had. The bread was chewy; the meat was flavorful; and the cheese was melted to perfection. The portion size for the sandwich and salad was perfect.The only thing this place has going against it is a lack of parking. I got there early so I could get free parking on the street about a block away (I don't believe in paying for parking when possible). There were meters and they have a complementary valet too for people willing to pay to park.
5	Was in phoenix visiting my bro early November. We had planned to eat at Breadfruit which is a jamaican restaurant nearby. The  wait was too long so we opted for Cibos.  Wow.  Must say i was impressed.  Lively atmospher. Fantastic food and wine.  Melissa was a great server. We had some wine at the bar for an hour then got our seat outside.  Perfect night with great food and service with a fun  atmosphere.  I now tell everyone to check out Cibos if in Az.   The people working here also love dining at Breadfruit.  It's refreshingly cool to see local businesses support each other.  This place is a converted house.  Thanks Cibos for a great saturday night.
5	Visited the Phoenix area from Chicago several times, and always wanted to try Cibo.  Glad we finally did!  My wife and I split a few things for lunch in the nice outdoor seating area.  The Alla Parmigiana sandwich with the side salad, and the Margherita pizza were all exceptional!  Definitely a return visit will be in order!
5	Their pizza is fantastic. I try a different version during each visit. Have not had a bad one yet!Try the marinara with mozzarella added. Not for those that have an aversion to anchovies!  Delicious.
4	If you cannot get into Pizza Bianco, come over to Cibo, or come to Cibo first and enjoy the great pizza, sandwiches, and soups made here. The ambiance here is great. It occupies an old home built in the early 1900's and a patio that makes you feel like home. Went one Tuesday Pasta night which used to occur weekly and still does I hope and had the best pasta since my trip to Italy. A hidden gem in downtown Phoenix.
3	Based upon the other reviews and word of mouth, we might need to try Cibo again. It was very underwhelming the 1st time. My favorite part was the patio. It's great, particularly when the weather permits. Love the atmosphere of the historic places in downtown Phoenix. As far as the pizza goes, I thought Federal, Pomo, and The Parlor all taste better. Our waiter didn't help the experience either. Spilled one of our pizzas completely and was very unapologetic. Might have just been an off night for them and/or our waiter, will probably try them again at some point.
4	What a great place! I yelped this restaraunt on the way to the airport. The service was speedy and the food is phenomenal. I got the funghi pizza with Italian sausage and my brother got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. It was the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever tried. I only gave it four stars cause the service was a little awkward. Our waitress didn't talk much but it wouldn't be enough to prevent me from going there again. We will definitely be back!
4	Cute little place. Very quaint. We asked the server for pizza recommendations and was not disappointed. Just ask! Lemonade is delicious.
4	Great little Italian place close to the centre of Phoenix.I've been here a few times now and had a good experience every time. The food is fresh and the wine selection is great!Perfect spot for a date night or a lunch out with friends or family!
5	Best pizza in Phoenix! Everyone says pizzeria bianco is the best but it's nothing compared to cibo! I love the setting and the pizza is phenomenal! The menu is unique and I have never been disappointed!
5	Fun, quirky yet sophisticated, place. Their urban pizzas make up the majority of the menu and is always delicious. Every glass of wine I've tried here I think I fall in love with a little. Patio and ambience is great. Live musician playing low-key ambient music many nights. Can easily be a "casual dress" place but it's got a romantic aspect to it and many people dress up, too.Really a neighborhood gem!
5	This place has a great menu and a great wine selection. I think one of my favorite things about this place is their evening atmosphere. They light up all the trees and the inside is dimmed for a truly romantic or calming setting. Love this place every time I go.
5	Delicious, I absolutely love the place. The food is amazing, my favorite is the Diabola pizza, and the strawberry crepe with a scoop of ice cream for desert.
4	I enjoyed the wonderful atmosphere of Cibo (except for the fact that you have to walk past their great, big dumpster as you enter the restaurant), the selection of wines and authentic cuisine presented at Cibo. We had the Calamare al Limone, which was hands-down the best calamari I've ever had at a restaurant. Gone are the fried rings of squid and here for your enjoyment are long, juicy strips of calamari served with delicious house-made marinara. The pizzas themselves are authentic, wood-fired and delicious. We had the margherita and the quattro formaggi and were more than pleased with our meal. The service was attentive but unobtrusive. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
4	Really liked this place.  The ambiance was terrific - especially unique for the Phoenix area.  A great change of pace from the repetitive strip mall eateries.  The pizza was great, which is more than I can say for a majority of the other pizza joints I've tried in the valley.  We had a vegan in our group, and they helped her craft a pizza that aligned with her diet preferences.   Food came out quickly, server was personable and helpful, and the prices were quite reasonable.  We'd return.
5	Genova pizza is amazing.  Pesto that will light up your palate. Potato that smoothes each bite.  Italian brick oven pizza crust. Simply amazing. Go enjoy.
4	I eat lunch at Cibo as often as I can and it is fantastic! The sandwich was on a perfectly crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside homemade piece of ciabbata stuffed with fresh spinach, prosciuto and fontina cheese...mmmmm. If you love sandwiches don't miss this quaint place. I seriously exclaimed this is the best sandwich I've ever eaten! We ate outside in a tree shaded courtyard, sipped delicious tea which was refilled several times and was served by a very cheerful waiter. I had chips on the side good ones and my partner ate fruit with granola and fruit...a great little find tucked away downtown!
4	Fun! Great food! First time here, and already anxious to go back! Sit on the patio.  So comfy.  And leave room for dessert!
4	I thought their pizza was quite delicious, but their outdoor seating was actually better than their food, with fresh air and wonderful live jazz soothingly playing in the background.
4	This place has a great menu and a great wine selection. I think one of my favorite things about this place is their evening atmosphere. They light up all the trees and the inside is dimmed for a truly romantic or calming setting. Love this place every time I go.
5	I loved this place! Came for a little romantic dinner with my love right before enjoying the Suns basketball game. We had a wonderful walk to this place. It was a very romantic scenery. The view was lovely, the food was delicious. New great memories for him and I.  The pizza was jus wonderful very filling for the both of us. First thing I thought of was artichoke on pizza? Eh idk. But that was my fav! Definitely coming back for more. Thank you for the lovely staff and for the musician playing romantic songs during our dinner it was just lovely all the way around.
4	CIBO has some of the best pizza you will find in all of Phoenix. It is located in a renovated historic home which has a lot of charm. Always good service and a location that is central.
4	This is the third and last I visit Cibo, the tomato sauce tasted out of the can, the pizza was burned underneath and uncooked throughout, watery and doughy, after trying 3 different pizzas we all agreed that the parlor is better. I remember this place being better. The house salad however was great.
2	12.00 for a small spinach salad that was bitter.
5	One of my favorite pizza places in downtown Phoenix.  If you like authentic Italian pizza then this is one spot you'll want to dine at.  I love pizza and not just any pizza either, I love great authentic make your mouth watery I wish I could eat 2 pies worth pizza.  This one makes that list.  It's a good place to take a date on.  Sit outside in the spring and you'll enjoy the patio lights they have.  Staff was friendly and the food is awesome if you like pizza.  They do have a full menu, but I only go for the pizza.  Can you tell I like pizza?  yom yom yom yom yom
4	CIBO has some of the best pizza you will find in all of Phoenix. It is located in a renovated historic home which has a lot of charm. Always good service and a location that is central.
5	Oh my lord. This is it. The end all be all of Phoenix pizza. I loved everything we ordered and had no problems devouring it.We started with the calamari which was perfectly cripy and had the perfect amount of salt and bright lemon. The funghi pizza with red sauce was to die for. The ultra thing crust is dangerously easy to chow down on. The white pizza with truffle oil was great too, but I'm personally not into truffle anything. The ambiance is adorable and unique - a converted house to give a very homey and warm feeling. This is definitely on the short list of perfect date spots.
4	Delicious, I absolutely love the place. The food is amazing, my favorite is the Diabola pizza, and the strawberry crepe with a scoop of ice cream for desert.
4	Great pizza place with a cool atmosphere!
4	CIBO has some of the best pizza you will find in all of Phoenix.  It is located in a renovated historic home which has a lot of charm.  Always good service and a location that is central.
5	CIBO has some of the best pizza you will find in all of Phoenix.  It is located in a renovated historic home which has a lot of charm.  Always good service and a location that is central.
4	CIBO has some of the best pizza you will find in all of Phoenix. It is located in a renovated historic home which has a lot of charm. Always good service and a location that is central.
4	I had my engagement night dinner here so it will always have a special place in my heart. The patio is the highlight of the restaurant. Not a big fan of the indoor seating because it is pretty cramped. I would have sat outside but it was a July night we went here so it was hot not to mention I was in a full suit after proposing.  Parking was a bitch. The food is really good. Their pizza is very delicious. Our server was very nice and accommodating.  Not a big fan of giving me a soda in a can and still charging me $3 per can lol. I don't know why some places do that. This isn't Mexico. Get a damn fountain.  I would go back.
4	Finally got to try this place out tonight.  Long overdue, but I was glad that I made it down here.  My Yelp buddy Kate and I had planned on coming down here a few weeks ago but it didn't pan out.  Tonight worked though and we met here for some dinner.  I found parking on the street (randomly, right behind their car lol..St. Louis Cardinal fans can smell each others cars I guess) and walked a block down.  The restaurant is really cool.  It's an old converted house which is funky and awesome in it's own way.  Kate and her husband got there before me and grabbed us a table inside. I sat down and ordered a Diet Coke to drink.  Kate and her husband had already ordered some appetizers for us (Polpette- Meatballs and Straccetti- Fried pieces of pizza dough topped with tomato sauce and parmigano and basil).  We then placed our order for our pizzas.  Me and Kate decided to split 2 pizzas so we could try out some different things.  We went with a basic Margherita and we also went with a white pizza called the Rustica which came with procsiutto and arugala.  Kates husband ordered the Calzone.  Here is how everything tasted...............Appetizers:Polpette-  They serve this dish with 3 meatballs which were topped with some grated cheese and a few slices of crusty bread.  These meatballs were very good!  They were tender and delicious.  The sauce these were in was very tasty too! Straccetti-  These come about 9 to a plate.  They are little strips of dough...think, funnel cake/churro bites, but made out of regular dough.  They are topped with their delicious sauce and basil strips.  These were great too!  They seriously reminded me of little churro pieces but without the sugar on them.  Great fried dough and a definite repeat too.  Pizza/Calzones:Margherita-  I usually order a plain pizza when I'm trying a new place out.  You can tell a lot about a pizza place just by their cheese pizza.  This rendition was pretty good.  Not as good as some other places in town, but still a tasty pizza.  I liked their sauce, cheese and crust.  I didn't like that they put too much basil on it plus it was cut really odd.  There were like 2 huge gigantic pieces and then 6 real small ones.   It was a tad thin in parts too.  Still, a good pizza but not a "great" pizza.Rustica-  This was a white pizza (olive oil base) topped with prosciutto and arugala after it was cooked.  I didn't like this one nearly as much.  It sounded way better than it tasted.  It tasted like regular ham on pizza plus the arugala threw me off.  I don't need no stinking salad on my pizza!  I never had this kind of pizza before so I'm glad I tried it but wouldn't get it again.  This one was cut irregularly and a bit thin in spots too.Calzone-  This may have been the best item ordered.  Louie chose well!  This calzone is a huge, football shaped pocket of goodness.  It had a great outer crust and it was stuffed with mozzarella, ricotta, some kind of spicy salame/pepperoni and some other stuff too.  I only had a little sample of it, but I would definitely get it again if I come back.   It was tasty and better than the 2 pizzas we got.Total bill was ?.  Louie grabbed the check before I could see it.  I threw in some money for a tip, we sat around and talked for a bit and then we were on our way.Service was very friendly and attentive.  I liked the vibe of the place too.  I could see myself coming back for sure.  The food was like a 3, but the vibe, company I was with,  and the service bring it up to a 4 star joint!
4	Delicious, I absolutely love the place. The food is amazing, my favorite is the Diabola pizza, and the strawberry crepe with a scoop of ice cream for desert.
4	Went to Cibo last night with wife and in-laws.  Arrived around 7:30 on a Friday night and it was apparent we weren't the only ones wanting to get dinner.   Upon arrival, we were told it was going to be a glass of wine wait so thirty minutes later and a glass of wine, we were seated at a nice table in the front of the restaurant.   Our waitress Jessica was extremely attentive, friendly and helpful.   Shared a few salads and three pies.   The caprese was mediocre along with the sausage pie(not going to spell it correctly) but diavola and capricosa were great.   Really liked the flavor and crust.   Very nice interior and pleasant staff, had it not been as cold as it was, the outdoor seating looked very inviting.
4	Excellent food, all plated amazing and everything was bursting with flavor. We had 6 dishes and all were of extremely high quality.
5	My family and I checked this place out after having an unsatisfactory Italian food experience elsewhere. We were very impressed overall with Cibo.Starting with the place itself: it's home-y, well-lit, well-decorated, and just all-around cozy. It used to be an old house, and it definitely shows. Great patio seating, as well.The food is next, and holy mackerel was it good. We got polenta fries and salads to start with. The salads had delicious and fresh ingredients, as well as gorgeous displays. I got the pesto salad, and would highly recommend it.For entrees, my parents got a white pizza, and I split the pulled pork sandwich. Both were delectable, and we all had food left over to bring home.The kicker is that they comped our desserts (about $15 worth). They said it was because they made us wait too long in between appetizers and entrees. It was a bit of a wait, but nothing crazy! The desserts were so good, too. The 'fresca' is a crepe with ice cream in the  middle, topped with fruit and whipped cream.Next time we're in the area, we are definitely coming back.
4	Delicious, I absolutely love the place. The food is amazing, my favorite is the Diabola pizza, and the strawberry crepe with a scoop of ice cream for desert.
5	Phenomenal food, hands down; from the pesto salad to the calamari to the puzza, the BEST food I've had in a LONG time. I would recommend to evwryinw. The place it quaint and very friendly. The service was wonderful. You will not be disappointed.  I'll be coming back for sure!!!
5	I'd say this restaurant has it all: food, service and ambiance.  We stopped by here on the way to the airport...only about a 10 minute drive to the car rental drop-off.We were looking for a comfortable place that would work for three generations: 2 boys, my wife and I, and the grandparents.  This place met the mark: we all really enjoyed the experience.  It was unseasonably cold, so we ate inside--if the weather is warm, I'd recommend eating outside under the lights.  There were plenty of people outside braving the 50 degree weather, as there are heat lamps there.  We were told the house that holds the restaurant is 100 years old!We had three pizzas: Rustica, Vegetarina, and the Funghi.  Our six year old had the individual margarita pizza.  We also had two of the house garden salads; a large is good for two people.  Started with the risotto balls and the meatballs.  Everything was excellent, although the risotto balls were a bit bland.  Pizza crust was perfect--crunchy on the outside with a bit of char from the wood fired oven.Like othe reviewers, we loved the Nutella and banana crepe with ice cream.  We had two scoops, and it was plenty to share among six of us...very rich.  Our waiter was really attentive, and the hostesses were nice.  We will definitely go back.
4	Delicious, I absolutely love the place. The food is amazing, my favorite is the Diabola pizza, and the strawberry crepe with a scoop of ice cream for desert.
4	Great place. Great service. Easily one of the best pizzas I've ever had.
4	This place has a great menu and a great wine selection. I think one of my favorite things about this place is their evening atmosphere. They light up all the trees and the inside is dimmed for a truly romantic or calming setting. Love this place every time I go.
5	Best pizza in town with great service and a nice ambiance.I highly recommend the deserts as well.
5	Stopped by for the first time for dessert and fell in love with the Fresca crepe! Our server Yvonne was wonderful and friendly. We will definitely be back for dinner.
