5	THE INCIDENTI found Island Flavor by mistake one day while getting gas at the local Short Line Express.  It just so happens while I was at the pump, I miraculously look away from the ever-changing numbers of the digital LCD and see "GRAND OPENING" for a Hawaiian themed restaurant.   It must have been fate that I saw it or close enough for me to see since I'm near blind as a bat.  Hmm, Hawaiian sounded good to me that night...yummo!  So, since I paid for my gas w/my debit card, I trudged my rear end into the Short Line Express for a pack of cigs and to ask the store clerk if she thought the restaurant was any good.  In her thick Asian accent, "Oh yes!  Vewwy goo!!!  Goo, goo."  Sho'nuff, she was right!!  THE PARKING LOTBecause I'm lazy, I drive from the convenience store to Island Flavor, which is in the same parking lot, possibly 100 feet away.  HEY, they made cars for a reason!!!!!Island Flavor is on the right side of a strip mall next to Short Line Express convenience store.  The strip mall also houses a dance studio, massage parlor, Familia Pizzeria (I just posted a review for this one), and some other small businesses.  If you are looking for an easy way to find it while driving, look for Bomas Bar & Grill.  Island Flavor is fairly new, in fact, I had to "Add a Business" on Yelp to review it.  When I got into the restaurant the server told me it just opened back in October 2008.THE DECORAnyways, once inside there wasn't much ambiance.  I think they're still trying to find their niche to whom they will identify with.  Though, the waitresses did wear floral blouses with dark trousers.  In the center of the restaurant sits a large square granite bar which looks like it was supposed to be a hibachi grill or regular bar.  There's no alcohol back there or any cooking utensils.  Who knows?  I only know this because I chose to sit up there while I waited for my (take out) food; I didn't want to disturb any of the waitresses' clean tables.  Around the bar, there sits about a dozen or so plain dining tables.  THE MENUAhh...this is what you really want to read...They serve all of the traditional island fare from...ahi, burgers, chicken katsu, KALUA PIG, kalbi ribs, loco moco, mixed plates, saimin, teriyaki.  For my fellow SPAM lovers, I did NOT see musubi.  Maybe we have to ask?  Okay, so this is how I judge Hawaiian restaurants...kalua pig.  Theirs was EXCELLENT, BOMB SHIZZLE, FANeff'NTASTIC!  The downside...their prices are a tid bit higher ($1-2 more) than your other Hawaiian restaurants.  To me, it's still worth it.  I guess you figured out what I ordered for take out, Kalua Pig (no cabbage) w/rice and a side of brown gravy.  The total was $10.51 w/tax included.THE HOURS TO COME BYMonday-Friday 11am-9pmSaturday           11am-8pmSundays & Holidays ClosedTHE CONCLUSIONWhen we dine or get take out here again, I'll update this review to include more of their menu.  Support the locals, this place impressed me with their food.  Oh yeah, my bf who had my leftovers thought it was EXCELLENT, BOMB SHIZZLE, FANeff'NTASTIC as well!
4	There are many Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas, and it's a competitive cuisine to be in.  Island Flavor has every right to be confident that they will be sticking around.The Husband first mentioned this place after he saw the sign go up replacing Pho 777.  And he's been there a handful of times before I got a chance to check this place out.The first time he went, he was told to order the special and did as he was told.  He remembers it being really good and was telling me all about it.The first time I went was to grab a spam musubi to go.  It was pretty busy and I was intrigued.  (The spam musubi was good too.)The next time the Husband stopped by for a to go order and brought home the special that had chicken in it.  I remember trying some and thought it was good, although we weren't too happy about the mac salad.  Also brought home a spam musubi too.When I finally had a chance to have a sit down meal there, I ordered the combo ($9.75) of Kalbi Short Ribs "Tender short ribs marinated in our Korean sauce & broiled to perfection" and the Furikake Shrimp "Jumbo shrimp coated with panko and furikake fried golden brown and served with oriental sauce."  It came with two scoops of rice and mac salad.  What an order it was!  Generous portions of three slabs of short ribs and so yummy!  The three shrimps were also a good size and had a nice crust because of the panko.  I was pleased.  It was definitely a lot, and you will need a box for leftovers.  The mac salad tasted a lot better this time around too.The  Husband got the combo of Kalbi Short Ribs and Hawaiian Style Roast Pork "Served open face topped with our homemade gravy" and it was a large size order too.  Also served with two scoops of rice and mac salad.  They definitely make sure you don't go hungry here.  He ate up the whole thing himself, and left with a full belly.As we were leaving, the Husband mentioned it would just be awesome if they offered dessert.  I told him they did, I saw it on the menu!  I think the next time around he may just save a bit of room for a sweet finish.  I wish they offered my favorite - Pork Lau Lau!Overall, food is good and generous.  Service comes with a smile and you definitely feel at home here.  They get a lot of business, whether it's the weekend or a week night.  The owner told us they have two restaurants already on the Big Island, so they know what makes a restaurant successful here.  When you're dining in, you feel like everyone knows each other already.  It's a nice feeling.They have coupons available on entertainmentbook.com, which we used.  The owner also mentioned they have coupons available on restaurant.com too so we should look into that as well.  (How sweet is it that they tell you about their coupons?!)This place will be sticking around - check it out for nicer, more authentic Hawaiian fare.(Pics posted!)
5	I would drive by 10 Aloha Kitchens to get to this place.This is THE best Hawaiian food I've had here in Vegas, and I've been to 10-15 different places. The decor and enviornment is very authentic and homey. Most of the staff and chefs are all family, so you can sense a great connection between them. The portions are very very big, often hard to finish, but then again not because it is just that good. As with the other reviewer, you know a Hawaiian joint knows what they're doing when their Kahlua Pig is good. And hot damn! It was extremely tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned. The chicken katsu is a big juicy piece of white meat, perfectly fried and cooked, with great sauce. My buddy, who was born and raised in Hawaii, had the hamburger steak and korean chicken. He claims its the closest it gets to food he remembers from Hawaii. Mac salad? Its good, but nothing special. This place is comfort food at its best. It hit such a sweet spot that it was the first time in a long time where I actually went out of my way to tell everyone I knew about this place. And that's saying something.
5	I've only eaten here once, but I'm already a huge fan.  I had the Hawaiian plate, which consists of Pork Lau Lau, I think it's called Ahi Poke salad, some other salad, haupia... and of course rice and mac salad.  Everything was top notch and tremendously enjoyable.  To top it off, the people working there are just extremely friendly and welcoming.  I must eat here more often!
5	Absolutely the best place I've ever had plate lunch.  Yes, we'd been working out and yes we were starving, but I still know good food when I taste it.The furikake shrimp were perfectly crunchy on the outside and perfectly moist on the inside.  The mac salad MIGHT have been as good as mine.  The kalbi ribs were... Kalbi ribs.  Honestly with the bottled marinades these days even chain restaurants have a tough time screwing those up.I don't venture near Vegas very often, but I'm ready to go back.  You just don't get food like this around here!
4	i've only eaten here once as well, but i'm a huge fan too. this place was recommended to us by a friend who is a hawaiian native living in vegas. i'm actually going to get some togo tonight. i was craving good hawaiian food and kalbi ribs, they did a good job. they give you four ribs with generous amount of meat on the ribs perfectly paired with two scoops of sticky white rice and mac salad. Mmmm. their salads are pretty good. no chopped up iceberg here. You'll be served a bowl of fresh greens with a slice of purple yam and crunchy fried wontons on top. Love the friendly atmosphere. other hawaiian chain restaurants claiming to be "ono" just don't compare. give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love the food here.  Reminds me of being back home on the Big Island of Hawaii.  I'm working my way through the menu and have tried almost everything on it including some of the specials.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  It isn't your normal main land Hawaii food place.  If you go to hawaii, our menus are not made up of just teriaki, musubis, katsu, and native Hawaiian food (lau lau, kalua pig etc.) Of course not! We have roast beef and hamburger steaks and all kinds of things from around the world.  The thing is, we have our own way for cooking them with our own flavor.  Thats what this place is all about!  It takes foods from different cultures in Hawaii and gives it that made in Hawaii taste.  So from misoyaki opakapaka to korean chicken to ox tail you can get a real Hawaii restaurant feel (Big Island style anyways).  The best Hawaii food spot in vegas I've eaten at so far.  Aloha kitchen is a joke, L & L is imitation, Ross J's is GREAT, but this place this the BEST! (Note: sometimes the gravey salty, meant to be eaten with lots of rice, sooooo gooood!)PS dessert is good too!
5	Wow. This place is amazing! A few people at work keep telling me about this place. I swing by on a Thursday around early evening time to try it out. The inside of the restaurant looked like a place I would see in Hawaii. It wasn't over done but it was nice. The place looks like it could fit 100 people easily. What did scare me was the place was empty. Well, when I first walked in, I did see some ladies sitting on a table... but to my surprise they were the cooks and help just sitting around waiting for hungry patrons like me.After telling them I wanted to order to go, they handed me a regular menu menu with daily specials and let me at it. They had the typical things you would see on any Hawaiian restaurant menu. What thing I did notice is that they didn't have any Spam entrees. After a good five minutes of looking over the menu, I decided on the following:Beef Teriyaki Steak - (Bottom sirloin marinated with our special Asian sauce then broiled to perfection and sliced thin - $8.75) Wow. When they say Steak, they mean it! I have never seen Beef Teriyaki so large. Its like regular Beef Teri on steroids! Check out my pictures on how huge the portions are. The beef was tender and flavorful. I would definitely order this again.Hawaiian Style Roast Pork - (Cooked local style with Hawaiian salt, cracked black pepper, sliced thin and topped with our rich homemade brown gravy - $8.25) Yum! What makes this dish work is the homemade brown gravy. The roast port was tender and soft. Large portions as well. Great dish. I would definitely order this again as well.Korean Chicken - (Golden fried drumettes $ wings tossed in our delicious Korean sauce - $8.75) Yay! This dish was awesome as well. When I first cracked open the box, I just saw crispy chicken wings. I scooped some rice and pick up a piece with my fork and placed the chicken on my plate. I licked my fork and damn.... it was over. Just the taste on the fork was really really good. I had to dig in. So many flavors hitting my taste buds! I love this dish! Would definitely order again.Each dish comes with two scoops of rice and a side mac salad. The mac salad was good as well. Overall.... I love this place! The food is awesome. The portions are large the price is comparable to other Hawaiian joints. I would seriously recommend this place to my friends and everyone else who reads these reviews. You will not be disappointed. Pictures included!
5	Best oxtail soup in town!  Only place I've seen carry chantilly cake.  Furikake shrimp is bomb!
5	Imma keep is short and simple. This place rocks. Best hawaii cuisine in Las Vegas. Period.
5	Best Hawaiian food on the Mainland that I've had.Came in on a Friday and had one of their specials:Pork LauLau, Ahi Poke, Rice, Macaroni salad, Haupia..Generous servings all around, that includes the Poke that came with it!  I was able to split the plate with my husband and both of us walked out full.  Everyone is greeted with a smile and warm hospitality.
5	We try to keep the review short today!  This place is "Brok' da mout!"  Forget L&L or Ohana Hawaiian BBQ...you want the closest to genuine Hawaiian food?  You gotta come to Island Flavor!  Even the owners from Hawaii!  Big Island to be exact.This place is phenomenal for local island food, the portions are local too...HUGE!  We had enough leftovers for another meal that's how much food you get.  Island Flavor is actually only 4-5 miles away from my house but we never came around to eating there.  Finally tried it because of my coupon from Restaurant.com.  Be sure if you go you are hungry cause these folks don't skimp!  You walk out hungry, you definitely went to the wrong place.  Four of us went, and four of us walked out stuffed with a doggie bag in tow.  If you don't like white rice (what kine' Hawaii local are you?) then don't come here you crazy carb-conscious workoutaholics!Hawaiian food is usually a mix of cultures, Hawaiian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Filipino all combined.  Island Flavor's food made me fond of days spent home on Maui.  I had the Mixed Plate ($9.75) of  Teriyaki Steak and Teriyaki Chicken.  Their homemade teriyaki sauce was just right, not too sweet and not too runny.  Perfect for mixing with your rice and macaroni salad.  Macaroni salad with pepper and tabasco...yum!  The steak was tender even though it wasn't a very expensive cut (sirloin) and cooked great with a lil' pink inside.  Chicken thighs were big and moist.  The gf had the Mixed Plate ($9.75) of Chicken Katsu and Hawaiian Style Roast Pork.  There must have been 3 large rows of katsu, enough to share!  They were fried just right too, not heavy or soggy at all.  The roast pork was juicy and the brown gravy wasn't from a box, very succulent.  The kids shared a Mixed Plate ($9.75) of Korean Chicken and Kalbi Ribs, and Chicken Katsu Loco Moco ($8.75).  The Korean Chicken is so ONO!  Those golden fried wings with their special Korean sauce was addictive!  Very good!  The Kalbi was great as well, their marinade pretty close to what I remember as a kid, lots of sweet from the sugar and soy sauce and grilled on an open flame.  The Chicken Katsu Loco Moco was a big gut-buster.  A massive portion of rice (like 4 scoops) topped with chicken katsu, two eggs (sunny side up in this case...alright!) and their homemade brown gravy.  It's like heaven and hell on a plate at the same time!  Definitely not a calorie or cholesterol counter.  But oh so yummy!  They serve lots of other things local Hawaii people love, Kalua Pig & Cabbage, Poke, Spam Musubi, and Pork Won Tons.  They also have oxtail soup, saimin, and burgers.Needless to say, we did not finish all of our food and ended up taking half of each of our dishes home.  The leftovers were good reheated too the next day.  Just don't heat up your macaroni salad!  No good on that one.
4	Delicious. I can't decide if I like this place more than Ross J's however. I have to try more dishes before I make the judgment. Food: I had the Chicken katsu/ hamburger steak mix combo. The chicken katsu was definitely better than what you'd get at L&L or Aloha kitchen. Juicy white meat pieces and a good sauce. The hamburger steak was the real winner for me. The patty was well seasoned, but the brown gravy was what made it. You could tell that they made their gravy from scratch not not a box like some places *cough*L&L*cough*. Service: The lady was really nice and attentive. She seated us and took our order right away. I did wait a little bit for a drink refill though. Misc: Its pretty nice inside. They have a bar eating area with a flat screen TV to watch. We used a coupon from Restaurant.com to get our food for cheaaaaap which made this meal even better. I'll be back real soon. -1 star however because the mac salad here sucks. Its like they put boiled egg yolk into it. Weird taste and texture.
4	This is where I'm going now on for my local Hawaii food cravings! The best local food on the mainland for sure.  IThis place outbeats any in LA. It's only been opened for 14 months. I think I'll be eating here at least couple times a month while I'm working out here in Vegas.I had the portuguese bean soup (very generous with their ham and portuguese sausage), kalbi (onolicious) and furikake shrimp(I'm not a fried food fan but this was pretty good). I'm not a fan of mac salad either but this place makes a good one.Then I ordered the chantilly cake to go. It's pretty close to the Liliha bakery one which btw is my favorite cake of all time.I was pretty amazed I ate more than half my plate because mixed plates are pretty big in size. The owner and people who work there are from the Big Island. This place made me miss home....
4	We love Hawaii & of course the food.  This is so authentic & no one will go away without leftovers.  So many people came in for takeout & as the plates came by with other people's food, I gawked as everything looked good & huge.  We came behind 6 other groups so it took a little longer for our food to come but when my kalbi with salad & rice ($9.75) & my son's furikake shrimp & chicken teri with mac & rice came ($9.25), all was good.  We had enough for a whole next meal.  Mahalo.
5	Love this place! Awesome korean chicken and kalbi. Yum!
4	This establishment has a very casual mom and pops feel to it. The food has the same kind of vibe. I stopped by only because i was airing up my tires and gassing up at the Chevron.The menu doesn't have much of a selection which hurts variety but the prep time was pretty fast.I've never had authentic Hawaiian food so i didnt know what to expect but the beef and the korean chicken i ordered had a very home style taste.I'd likely not return due to personal preference but would recommend this place to others
4	This is now my go-to Hawaiian place. I have tried the loco moco, the katsu loco moco, the ahi poke furikake style, short ribs, and the kalua pig and cabbage. All are better than what I've had at L&L BBQ or Aloha Kitchen and the portions are triple what you get at the other places. Great Service as well.
5	Comparing this place to the other hawaiian places on this side of town, this one is by far the best in the west. (Ross J's is best in the east). The portions are large and the choices are many. I have a few friends that are familiar with true hawaiian cuisine and this place is their favorite. I typically have the mix plate which gives you the opportunity to try the teriyaki, short ribs, chicken katsu, spicy korean chicken........etc. All the meat choices have been fantastic. I have gone there for breakfast a couple times and the french toast and loco moco are tremendous.
5	Probably the best local food in town.  HUGE portions that i always have to take home and enjoy the next day.  the Friday special of Lau Lau poke rice and mac salad with haupia cannot be beat. Even the basics like Loco Moco was delicious. one of the very few places in Vegas that seasons the meat patty.   Although the korean fried chicken was a little too sweet theres not much i can complain about with Island Flavor.a little on the pricey side of local food but the portions are huge so it makes up for it.recommended if you want some local hawaiian food
5	A return visit to this neighborhood gem definitely did not disappoint!My mom was easily sold when she saw Oxtail Soup on the menu!  (No more waiting for California Hotel's Market Street Cafe's late night menu to be available!)* Oxtail Soup "Fresh beef oxtail cooked with ginger until tender." ($9.25) - Sure, it's a bit more expensive than Market Street Cafe's, but we're saving on gas money here! And it's available during the day - big plus!  It comes with two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad, so that's always nice.  The oxtail was tender and flavorful, which is super important - and she got a bit more oxtail here too.  It has honking slices of ginger in it, so it has a gingerly broth flavor.  But the best part of all - we don't have to deal with the grumpy service we got over in downtown.Meanwhile, I was super excited that I came on a Friday to order: * Aloha Friday Special "Lau lau served with poke, lomi lomi salmon, haupia, steamed rice, & macaroni salad." ($9.75) - For under $10, I got a lot of food.  The customary two scoops of rice and scoop of mac salad AND poke AND lomi lomi salmon AND dessert!!  And the pork lau lau was ono delicious!  You can't go wrong at Island Flavor, we're glad it's in our neighborhood and definitely hope they stick around.Their only downfall - they are closed on Sundays and Mondays!  (And three weeks in a row, the Husband has wanted to go and I had to remind him that it was Sunday or Monday.)
4	Definitely the bomb. If you like meat and hawaiian style meats this is the place to go. This place is just like Da Kitchen on Maui except better.After a long day of hiking at Red Rock, hubby and I stopped by here for dinner. When you walk in, you're not immediately greeted. Instead I got the feeling that you're supposed to be like family and seat yourself. The environment is pretty laid back. I actually felt like I was in Hawaii.I ordered a combo with Korean short ribs and Hawaiian style pork. It included a fat piece of the tender pork and 5 pieces of short ribs. SO good and  very very very generous portions. Flavor was all there. I didn't touch the two scoops of rice. Macaroni salad was typical.Hubby ordered short ribs and katsu. Katsu was well fried with a crispy outside.I would definitely come back here again.Don't forget the restaurant.com coupon!
4	this place reminds me of hawaii.When you're sitting down, it feels like the beach is just outside... but its not.  I'll keep dreaming for now.The portions are huge and pretty good.What makes it Hawaiian is the workers.  They're all probably from there and just seeing them interact makes you feel you're back at the islands.  I don't know what it is but the aura they give off is very authentic.Of course, its really good food.  Reminds me of a Hawaiian place I ate at back in Maui.
4	Yah! I'm a fan..... but too much food for me :(I love their Friday lunch special and Loco Moco (something like that - sorry! I'm not very good at their names) BUT BUT banana pudding!!! It's a must you should try out, very delicious very very great! -- They close on Monday;-- Take credit cards;-- maybe good for groups but call 1st;-- personally personally I think it's better order on the phone before you plan to go, cuz not that fast as you think;-- all home-made, fresh, that's the reason takes time to cook :)Overall, I'll definitely go back again & soon!!!!!Try it out.. and let me know :)
2	I'll start and end on a good note. The price is low.After reading the high praise this place (just down the street from me) got, I was excited to try it out. I ordered the Mixed Plate with Kalbi and Chicken Katsu. One thing many people have said about this place is the large serving size. I figured, by ordering the mix plate (choice of two items), I would definitely be able to bare witness to the large portions. I was mistaken. They made it look heaping, but it was an illusion. All in all, there were 5 short ribs, and 7 small strips of chicken.It didn't get any better with taste. Okay, the Kalbi was okay, but I have, without a doubt, had better. My wife and in-laws are Korean. It's hard to beat authentic Korean Kalbi. So, I'm willing to let the Island Flavor slide on that. I can't, however, give any slack on the chicken. There was more breading than chicken, and it didn't have ANY flavor, let alone Island flavor. I'm guessing this is why they give you the small little cup of dipping sauce. After taking a bite into the unnaturally crispy strip, you can vaguely see a sliver of chicken.The fries are good. But I don't visit restaurants just for their fries, except maybe Gordon Biersch.
5	We went here on the recommedation of a friend of ours. She's originally from Hawai'i and she said it was close to what it tastes like "Back Home". I've been to Hawai'i but don't remember the cuisine so I had to go on her word lol, whoops!We Ordered:1. Poke (Shoyu)2. Saimin Soup3. Loco Moco4. Kona Coffee Mud PiePoke is very flavorful and it being an appetizer, we were expecting it to be very small, which it was not. It was enough for me and the guy I married to share.Saimin Soup, man, there was a lot of flavor that I was not expecting! First off it was a large bowl, and there was so much in the soup by my standards. Wontons, the pink & white fish patty thingies (I don't like 'em but they're always in Saimin), and the noodles. The broth was so tasty! I was expecting it to be bland, considering the broth was very clear, but it was so flavorful, yummy!!! Loco Moco, gees, this thing is huge and yummy! Enough said.Kona Coffee Mud Pie, OMG... I love coffee ice cream and this is so MUCH better! Topped with whipped cream, macadamia nuts. The service is also a thumbs up! They're all so welcoming, very attentive and always really sweet when we come in. Yes, I'd recommend this place to friends and fam. Yes, we would go back, and have repeatedly.
4	So we got one of those gift cards off restaurants.com, however I did not realize that with a $25 gift card we had to actually purchase $40 worth of food!  So needless to say, we got hella food, the poke was very ono, probably my favorite part of the meal.  Their fried chicken was really tender with a sweet taste and their opakapaka was very tasty.  I really felt like we were in Hawaii!I didn't get to try the Kalua Pig or the Katsu, but next time I'm out there we sure will!
5	Love this place! Everytime I come here from L.A I always make it a point to eat here. You have to eat the Loco Moco the best I've ever had and it's "HUGE" also the Kalbi is great also. I am a huge Hawaiian food fan and there's nothing like this in L.A!!!
2	i went cause i was craving some chicken katsui was disappointed by theirs cause it was fried wayy to much for my liking. I like GOLDEN brown not DARK brown. there was a lot of it but thats about it. The rice was soggy. but the mac salad was decent. I will try the other items and update if  they are better.
5	Best Hawaiian food in Vegas.. Hawaiian plate on Friday only, lau lau, poke, haupia, mac salad, rice for under 10 bucks. Big portions!! Roast is another favorite. Friendly staff
5	One of the main reasons I started to be proactive with reviewing on Yelp was because of this place. Over a year ago, after my first visit here, I was so pleased with my dining experience at Island Flavor I felt this place deserved to be found out about. I've been here now well over 30 or so times, and have tried about 90% of the menu. Everything has remained consistent including the food and service. Only change is they are now getting busier, it's often hard to get a seat! My favorite dishes to date are the kalua pig, chicken katsu, korean chicken, Lau Lau, oxtail soup and the poki is great. Things I personally have come not to like are the roast pork loco moco and the fried rice with Portuguese sausage, both a little too salty for my tastes, but many other people seem to enjoy them.Perhaps my favorite part of being a regular at this restaurant is the overall family atmosphere which is very welcoming and relaxing. I'm always treated like I'm one of their own.If you still haven't been here, there's a serious problem.
4	The Bkgd - Tired of usual food options..so thanks to yelp arrived here...The Point - Good, simple, heavy, large potion food =) A perfect fix for lunch & leftovers for dinner. Nice friendly/chill ppl along w/ nice music.~The Order~Hawaiian Plate - $9.75*  Homemade Lau lau, 2 scoops rice, ahi poke, salmon, haupia & mac salad. Take that!* Real good portions and a nice mix of food. The Poke & salmon was my fav.* The Lau lau (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lau_lau) had pork I think & fish?  was good portions a bit dry but still good. *And so was the desert thingy..(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haupia) i usually don't like coconut..but my taste buds made an exceptions because I finished it all. * Perfect leftoversMixed Plate of Shrimp & Teriyaki Chicken ~ $9.75* BF got ~ 5 fried shrimp & ~5 chicken thighs w/ yummy sauce* he can eat and he still had leftoversOverall reminded me of a local place my friend's family took us in honolulu...but hereDef. will be back to try to ribs & Ox Tail next time....
4	This place is definitely a good chowdown place (although in general, Hawaiian places tend to be chowdown places).When you come here, it is not a fine dining experience. I mean, this is grubbing, stick-to-your-ribs, need-to-wear-pants-with-elastic-band-before-coming kind of food.There are a couple of things are worth mentioning. The salads - most notably the fried poke and teriyaki chicken salad are excellent. It's hard to get tuna cooked right - meaty, tender red on the inside, seared perfectly on the outside. Those luscious cubes of fish really made this dish shine. Grilled teriyaki chicken thighs had a nice char on the outside without making it too dry. Perfection. Served on a bed of romaine with a side of tomato, cucumber, purple sweet potato  and fried wonton chips- this salad is not a light affair with its creamy sesame dressing. Normally, I order this salad with the dressing on the side and leave most of the chips next to it.Chicken katsu was crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. The amount given is rather astounding - 3 fillets served with scoops of rice and macaroni salad. (One of our friends who loves to eat very light, was addicted to the macaroni salad. It was like watching a crack addict after a long period of abstinence.)Steak and onions were packed with flavour. The steak was juicy and perfectly cooked to a medium to medium rare.The only thing I didn't find that appetizing was their roasted pork dish. The gravy was overwhelming although the pork did have a nice flavour to it. If it wasn't for the gravy, the dish would have been infinitely better.Portions are really big - bring friends. I'm serious. 3 dishes could easily feed 4 really hungry people or 5 not-so-hungry people.
4	I had their combo. Kalbi + chicken katsu.The kalbi was little bit salty, and the katsu sauce was salty too.Their service was really good.HOWEVER, a HUUUUUUGE HOWEVER, their food was really good none the less.First of all, you're eating the food with rice and their amazingly delicious macaroni salad, so that kind of evens out.  Their  signage is pretty small, and it can be easily missed, as I missed it, and had to bust a U at the Chevron gas station. It's located right next to the gas station mall strip.Next time I'm in vegas, I want to come back.
2	Not so very impressed with Island Flavor. The Kalua pig was bland, saimen was sort of gummy,fishy and bland also. The chicken Katsu was chewy and gristly and lacked in flavor as well. My husband and I agreed the Katsu sauce was yummy, but the food should have been better. Don't think we'll be back.  I was so excited to find a Hawaiian place with such excellent reviews, but don't see what all the hype is about.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas. I am not Hawaiian but love Hawaiian food. Since living in Vegas, Ive eaten at tons of different Hawaiian restaurants. Most of the time when one opens the food will be really good, then all of a sudden the quality goes down the tubes and it becomes just like the rest of them. Island Flavor is the shiznittle bam. It reminds me of north shore shack in Honolulu(which isn't on north shore. The Kalbi is the best in the city. Its hard to find good kalbi. The only thing is the musubi, its always gone when i get there. One day though. The service is always really good, even on busy nights. Personable and relaxed. If you don't know, now u do. If you haven't been, then you should!
3	I would give them a 3.5 if I had the option. We split the teriyaki steak with rice & macaroni and also the furikake shrimp with rice & side salad. We phoned in our order and were a little disappointed that they didn't have mashed potatoes as a sub for the rice on one of our orders, it is on the menu.I zipped over and picked up our order and shot home to the wife with a bag full of Hawaiian goodies. The teriyaki steak was good but nothing out of this world... maybe I was looking for a tad more flavor from the meat. Don't get me wrong, the steak was good, but could've used a little seasoning and to be less reliant on the teriyaki alone. The rice was good sticky rice and the macaroni was pretty good too.The furikake shrimp was a good size portion, 7 large butterflied shrimp, but was a bit on the overcooked size and a noticeable dark brown was given to the panko crumbs. Again, good sticky rice and my wife enjoyed the side salad.Island Flavor did nothing wrong and we would try them again in the future but nothing really stood out to us as being out of this world. Maybe we should try eating in next time?
4	This place is some good eating...The prices for a  plate is about $8.00 to $10.00...I know it's a few bucks more than what you would pay else where for a Hawaiian mix plate but with the amount of food they give you and the quality , it is totally worth it!!!!It's because of Yelp once again that I found this place and may I say "Thanks, Yelp!!" =Fried rice/eggs/Portuguese sausage- (smothered in Tabasco)Oh hell yeah..A true Islander Breakfast=Kalbi,Chop steak, Furikake shrimp,Korean Chicken Wings (I hate wings and drums) but I ate theirs and will continue to eat theirs- ALL YUMMY!            -THEY NEED TO OPEN ON SUNDAY & MONDAY-Those are my days off and I can hardly go there on other days , I don't live  close to them. Dessert- They have the best Chantilly Cake -I have tried alot of others and theirs is so far the best-hands down!!The Banana Bread that they sell on the counter near the cash register is really good as well...The salad that they give you if you don't want macaroni salad is awsome- There is taro, wonton chips, tropical creamy dressing on top of greens-YUM!! Yup, as you can read I highly reccomend this place...   (1 star off for being closed on Sunday & Monday)
5	The best hawaiian food ever!!  My husband and I have been religiously coming here just about every weekend.  Their portions are so big that we usually order one entree and share it and we still can't  finish it.  Our fave is their Lau Lau which is usually served on Fridays and they do run out pretty quickly so I recommend going early before its all gone.  This place is definitely on top of my list!!!
5	Oh Island Flavor, I love you so, but hate you at the same time.  My experience with eating a loco moco will never be the same.  Your roasted pork loco moco was absolutely to die for!  Even after my boyfriend and I split the one order that arrived in a huge pho bowl, we still were absolutely stuffed!  Their poke is also good as ever, I recommend getting it furkake style.
4	Food was phenomenal! It really hit the spot from a hot & busy day filled with errands!! Highly recommend the Fried Ahi Poke for all you Poke Lovers out there. It's different but explosion of flavors hits your tongue. This is definitely not our last time eating here!!I gave it 4 stars only because there was no diaper changing station in the restroom. It seems like a family oriented place you'd figured they have one in there!
4	Great place for authentic Hawaiian food.  Service staff is also very good and friendly.  The portions are huge and great for 2 people.As for the food:- Loco Moco - very tasty.  Probably the second best after a dish I ordered at a Cafe in Hawaii- Fried Rice (one of the specials of the day) - good but probably would order something more authentic Hawaiian next time.I would definitely come back here again and want to try more of their Hawaiian dishes and will post another review next time I visit.We also ordered an order of the spam masubi;however, it was pre-made and pre-wrapped.  I would have given this place 5 stars if their masubi was made fresh
1	This place is a freakin joke. The food sucks even if you're Really hungry .Chewy meat with gristles, where do they get this cheap meat? Place sucks . I had like two bites, then tossed it out.
5	i wished they had  opened a little closer towhere the bus goes through, coz they are the BOMB...ONOLICIOUS!!! everything they had was good, the price is a little to pricey but for what they serve and cook, it is well Worth buying!!! keep it up guys.
4	As everyone mentions - portions are really large. For the money, you're getting quite a bit of food. I loved the homey atmosphere and our waitress was very sweet & friendly. Fried poke salad ($10.25) - I was feeling adventurous. I can't say I enjoyed this very much but I guess it's more just my weird tastes. So I love seared tuna and I imagined it'd be like this. The problem with poke is each piece is a different size so the cooking is really uneven. Some pieces were burnt and grey and dry, some were pink and pretty, some weren't cooked at all, etc. I should have realized this before I ordered but that's my loss !Hawaiian mixed plate - we got this with double rice, kalbi short ribs and kahlua pork. My husband was so ecstatic - the first place we've found where you can get the pork with no cabbage mixed in! This was tasty but not as fatty and wonderful as the pork in Hawaii. The kalbi ribs were incredible, husband declared them best ever. Delicious! We'll return - and we'll be getting a big ole platter of kalbi short ribs next time !
5	Island Flavor Island Style!Exactly what everyone says... HUGE portions of food like home for a good price!LOVE IT!
3	Food was really, REALLY good, but I wasn't feeling the aloha spirit.  Server was a bit rude.  LOVED the desserts... I got Pineapple Coconut ice cream and enjoyed it so much I went out and found it in pints at the store.  My date bought the chantilly cake which was amazing.  This place is on the other side of town, so I'll prolly come back occasionally for the food and maybe just get it as take out.
5	The only thing bad about this place is that it will ruin other Hawaiian places for you. I can't eat at L&L or Aloha Kitchen anymore... They always seem seriously lacking compared to Island Flavor.This place makes me glad that Vegas is the "9th island"Also get the banana bread by the cash register (when they have it)
5	Ate here during a recent stay in Sin City.  Heard about it through a co-worker and am glad I made the trek out to this place.  Oxtail soup was really tasty.  Loco Moco was a handmade/seasoned patty and portions size was exceptional.  But the Haiwaiian style roasted pork with gravy that a co-worker got was EXCELLENT.  So much that I regretted getting the Loco Moco which was very good in itself.  It does get busy so arrive early or late if you don't want to wait.It's location is a bit of a drive off the strip but worth it.  As good as it gets for Island food.5 Stars!!
5	Island Flavor and I have gotten to know each other pretty well over the past year or so.  Always in search of good local food, Island Flavor has become king of Las Vegas as far as I'm concerned.  First L&L...then Aloha Kitchen...and Ross J's...it was like climbing the ladder of local food with each one being better than the last.  And at the top was Island Flavor.  Entrees under $9.  Gigantic portions that will feed you for two meals.  Delicious, consistent food.  Make you feel-at-home service.  This place really has all of the ingredients for creating a regular customer out of me.  My favorite dish to order is the mixed plate with Chicken Katsu and Teriyaki Beef.  Each plate comes with two scoops of rice and macaroni salad.  The katsu is breaded just right, not too thick, with the chicken still moist inside.  The teriyaki beef is out of this world!  Honestly, anything beef on their menu is amazing (from the hamburger to the teriyaki, from the steak and onions to the loco moco) and is highly recommended.  I've also had some of their pork dishes and was very impressed with them as well; I don't really like pork, but here is a place where I'll order it.  No joke, I'm getting some intense cravings for their food as I write this review.  Yes, I was just there a week ago...but for a good 6 months or so I pretty much came here once a week!  Highly recommended.
3	I've never had the food, but a friend of mine brought over their banana bread pudding and it was soooooooooo good! I'm gonna pick some up tomorrow!  when i do have the food though, i'll be back for a better review!
5	This is a first for me two 5 star reviews in a row. What the hell is the world coming to? A co-worker of mine recommend that we go there for lunch today. As I am writing this I am slipping into a food coma from the aftermath of lunch. It is bliss, I had the loco moco which was just huge. I lost against it. My buddy had the Hawaiian sampler, which he thoroughly enjoyed. Another reviewer was right about this place, it is going to spoil you and you will not be able to do some of the lesser quality Hawaiian food we have in the valley.
5	Oh. My. Gosh.All your reviews on Yelp have compelled me try this place out and now I am afraid that no other place in Vegas will do what this place does for me.It's Friday and today's special was the "Hawaiian Plate" which consists of:- Two large scoops of rice- Macaroni Salad- Lau Lau ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lau_lau )- Ahi Poke in Shoyu ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poke_(Hawaii) )- Haupia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haupia )- Lomi-lomi salmon ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lomi_salmon )I am completely ruined from other places.  The serving size is awesome, the service was as good as it gets, the atomosphere made me feel I was in Hawaii.I never tried this place sooner because it's kind of far from home and work.  I considered "far" from work anything past Warm Springs.  Far doesn't seem so distant anymore.I highly recommend this place to anyone.  I'll be dragging my significant other to this place in the next few weeks whether she likes it or not. And I know she's gonna LOVE it!
5	Me and the husband love this place. The employees seem like their all related, which makes it feel homey. The portions are big and a good deal. The fried ahi poke salad is HUGE! I think 3 or even 4 people could munch on that. My husband always seems to get the loco moco and he never seems to finish it, trust me he can pack it away. I had the roast pork and I could not finish that plate as much as I tried to. We've also had their fried rice with egg and portuguese sausage. I really like this place and they seem to get alot of people in. The only cons of the place is #1 their closed in Sunday and Monday, #2 the place should be bigger because it seems sorta small and sometimes their people waiting outside or their cars just to eat there.
5	I was told by a good friend of myne that this place was awesome! He said that they served choke food! So I went with my ohana to check it out for myself. We were greeted by the nicest people you'll ever meet and the place was very clean too. We ordered da chicken katsu moco,chicken katsu, Portuguese bean soup, and to top it off... Chantilly cake!Everything was ono!!!! I will definitely pass the word about this place and I will be back for the laulau next time!Update: Da Lau Lau was so ono, I try to go every friday for my LAU LAU fix!
5	I'm just going to agree with the rest of the bunch. All good.Too bad it is far from where I live... I would eat more often here otherwise :)I got a combo - chopped steak with onions and furikake shrimp. Steak was tender, onions tasted good and shrimp was crunchy on outside and tender inside. Portion was more than generous so I almost fell into 'food coma' afterward :)
4	Katsu loco moco = End Game FATALITYThey seriously should have an eating contest with these wonderful bowls full of NOM NOMness because id like to see the person who could kill one of these they are so damn big. The place is sort of like a hole in the wall but im not complaining as its close to home which is nice. The decor is sort of like what you would expect of the floor plan of a sushi restaurant with the center wrap around bar section where you expect to see a sushi chef behind serving it up. But its relatively clean and its not like i wanted to dress up to go eat island food. The good part, the grub! my brother said the Katsu loco moco was where its at so i ordered and maybe not even 10 minutes later the cook in the back who kinda reminded me of tattoo face from "50 First Dates" had my tasty bowl mounded with a heap of food. This bowl had to have at least 4 scoops of rice in the bottom, 3-4 full chicken breasts breaded and well cooked, 2 eggs, and covered in brown gravy and a sprinkle of green onions. Honestly i was overwhelmed by the amount of food as when i saw the $8 and change price tag i thought it was a lil bit much for what i ordered, till i learned that it could feed me for 3 meals. Well made with all the right flavors, my only issue ever so slight was that the eggs were sliiightly under cooked so the whites were still jelly like. Aside from this i was pleased with the food. Location/ decor - 6/10 would get a 5 but its close so thats a point 4 meService - 7/10 nice people, nothing special but not bad eitherFood taste - 7.5-8/10 simple food, simple flavors but well put togetherValue - 9.5/10 big food for very good price, one order can feed twoAll in all this is my go to spot for when island food now. I use to make the drive all the way to Aloha Kitchen previously but now its down the street and reasonable. I will be back without a doubt... come hungry!
5	Island Flavor is one of the best spots to eat Hawaiian food. They have great service, huge portions (really great to share but even better to eat by yourself), reasonable prices, clean, and what else can I say the food is delicious. My all time favorite is the oxtail soup; the taste is just perfect. If you never tried fried poke you are definitely missing out. Make sure you save room for dessert because I highly recommend trying the bread pudding and the mud pie.
5	Just had the fried poke here for the first time and it was amazingly delicious. Got some mac salad and 2 scoops of rice to accompany it. Oh my! I only finished half of the order so I was happy with what I paid for and most definitely eating my left overs for dinner. This was only my second time eating at Island styles and it has lived up to its reputation of being the best Hawaiian restaurant  in Vegas. I would come here more often if it wasn't soo out of the way for me.  Can't wait to try more of their menu. :)
4	Great prices for ginormous portions. Moco Loco is made up of a 1/2 lb homemade burger patty topped with two eggs over white rice and the whole thing covered in brown gravy. Looked soo good. I didn't order it but my friend had it and he was sitting across from me. I was waiting for him to offer but he never did and 15 minutes later not a trace remained. So, I assume it was good. I did try the oxtail soup which was full of tender oxtail, and vegetables. The broth was a little too salty for my taste buds but i enjoyed the large, tender oxtail pieces and how they just fell apart when I touched 'em with my spoon. I will definitely make this a pit stop before I had home to SD and you will not be disappointed if you are craving for that Island Flavor.
4	Had the roast pork and chix katsu mix. Big portions . Roast pork was tender gravy alright , good but just a basic brown gravy. Chix katsu crispy , like it should be. Mac salad good. Also had the chantiily cake for dessert , I  don't think they make it in house , but it was still good . Over all very good, we will b back
5	This is the 3rd time I tried to go to this place. They closed early twice! Still, after eating here, I have to say, it's awesome. We ordered Chicken Katsu Loco Moco, Kalua Pig, a Meat special with cabbage and Fried Poke. We then got a Mud Pie desert. Also huge. Also delicious. One desert was enough to share for all of us. The bill came out to $50 for 4 people. Very reasonable. The portions are huge! The food is delicious! I will be a regular here.
5	first time i went to this place was about a year ago, and LOVED it!!! its a lot closer to where i live now, and we go at least once a month.service is great! food is delicious! and the vibe there is super laid back and it makes you feel like you're at home, and they definitely treat you that way also.roast pork loco moco, beef steak, hamburger steak (which is HUGE! see picture), spicy korean chicken, portugese bean soup, fried poke salad...soooo good!!!portions are HUGE, so you'll definitely have left overs or you could share. they have a 1lb t-bone that i keep telling myself to try. and im going to!!!they have, by far, the best gravy!!! i dont know what it is about it, but you know its made from scratch. its not that really brown looking gravy that looks and tastes like its a store bought packet.if you've had all the other "island" food out here...you MUST try this place!!!
5	I'd thought I would suffer from plate lunch withdrawals when I moved to LV. Island Flavor hits da spot! Proper local style food from Big-Island-transferred-folks.All the other "local Hawaiian food" themed food taste like crappy L&L. Yeah there is a clear difference between non Hawaii raised people trying to make Hawaii style plate lunch food.
5	This place is almost reason enough to visit LV.  I was taken here by a bunch of 300lb native Hawaiians so I knew it was going to be legit.  It's the kind of restaurant where you really wish that a) they offered a sampler menu, or b) that you could somehow figure out a way to eat 7 entrees.  We had a large group, and every meal was amazing.  This is the real deal, folks.
5	I overuse the term food boner, but unghhhhhhh, food boner.I got the mixed BBQ plate; it was real teriyaki steak and teriyaki chicken. I picked up 2 20 oz diet pepsis, and my total was $14. Yum. Cheap AND delicious!Ohana BBQ is down the street. I love Ohana, but Island Flavor was better quality. It's also closer to my house, so I think I might be sad to admit that Ohana might not be getting as much of my business anymore!Definitely recommend going here for food. Portions are enormous; 1 dinner is actually 3 dinners.
5	Long over due to write a review for this place. I've gone here for breakfast, lunch and dinner plenty of times. Its a tradition now, to take guests visiting, for at least one meal.The interior is fully decorated island style and staff are all hawaiians as far as I can tell. Staff members are also very friendly and easily make you feel at home. They always got local island music playing that just adds on to the experience.My Favorites:Chicken Katsu Loco Moco: Perfectly breaded chicken cut into strips, white rice, pair of over easy eggs and they're rich and thick homemade brown gravy (they're gravy is what sets them apart from every other hawaiian bbq eatery)Loco Moco: Same as above except for the chicken, its a grilled homemade hamburger pattyKalbi Short Ribs: Charbroiled, quite tender and soaked with flavor. If the bone was edible, there would be nothing left..Korean Chicken: fried little drumsticks and wings tossed in their special sauce. Mild and uniquely flavorful, I can put these down!Pork Chops: 2 pieces of grilled bone-in pork chops, topped with mushroom and onions. I always get a side of their gravy and pour it over and smother the chops. So So Comforting!I've also tried their teriyaki beef and chicken, fried rice.. everything is great!**Portions are HUMONGOUS!! As the hawaiians say "Don't eat until your full, eat until you pass out" **Full Entree Orders Will Easily serve 2! Prices are very reasonable! Service is great!One of My Favorite Hawaiian BBQ Spots!!! (and yes, I've been to L&L, Ohana, Shakas, the one in the California Hotel, Aloha Kitchen.. to name a few.. Not to mention some places in Hawaii itself)
5	As others have mentioned this review is long overdue!  Hubby and I have been here several times and it is one of the friendliest restaurants I have ever been to - the service is amazing and you feel like you are your server's only customers even though everytime we have been there the place is rockin' and packed!  Unfortunately I tried L&L before coming here and that experience almost made me not try this wonderful little gem in the southwest.  I know... lumping L&L to all Hawaiian restaurants would be like comparing McDonalds to In-n-Out - my mistake :)I love the traditional Loco Moco - the gravy is like a culinary orgasm and the eggs are always cooked perfectly!  The hamburger patty is always moist and juicy and the seasoning is perfect too!  It is mind blowing...  Plus they provide so much food (with a side of the best mac salad I've ever had) each time I have had to take over half home with me (and it is just as amazing the next day!)Hubby gets something different each and every time and he has always been very pleased (and too busy mmmmming to talk much during our meals there!)Make sure you grab some of their amazing banana nut bread when you are leaving - you will be way too full to have some during your visit...I was thinking while I was writing this that I should keep my mouth shut and not share my experience - this restaurant may be even more crowded my next visit and when Loco Moco is calling my name - I do not want to wait any longer than absolutely necessary!
5	Short ribs and Korean chicken wings are to die for. Be sure to check stores hours before going.
5	Their food is pretty good here. Big portions.  My favorites in this restaurant are the ahi poke & chantilly cake. Last time I went here, I was craving a loco moco because a couple days ago I tried one from the Fukuburger truck & couldn't stop thinking about it so I figured I'd try Island Flavors. When I got it, it was really big like twice the size of Fukuburgers, but to be honest it was good but not as good as Fukuburgers. It didn't have that special ingredient or something. What can I say, I'm spoiled by fabulous flavors so maybe I'm just being picky.  All in all, I'm giving this place 5 stars because the food is good, they serve big portions, there's a nice welcoming feeling as you walk in, they're friendly, the place is clean & fast service even with it being busy.
5	Hands down: one of the best things to ever happen to Las Vegas!I seriously got on YELP and was browsing through all of Island Flavors pictures because I miss the food so!The orders for our party: Oxtail soup, chicken katsu, kalbi short ribs, and shoyu chicken. When those orders came out, my jaw dropped! The portions are huge! Everything was flavorful and delicious. I have a grand feeling that everything on that menu is just as delicious as the meal I had that night. Now, what really made me cry tears of joy was the kona coffee mud pie. That thing is huge! It easily fed our party of 4. The yummy coffee ice cream, whipped cream, oreo cookie crust and macadamia nuts was marvelous! The service was also great! She was friendly and made sure to serve us with a smile. Island Flavor, you won a place in this girl's heart!!
5	Poke another one of my favorite food and Island Flavor knows how to make it!  They are very generous with their servings and they really give a Hawaiian style atmosphere.  The Mac Salad is another great dish here too.  So, if you are around the area, make sure you try this local restaurant.
3	Are they giving away free food for five-star Yelp reviews?  I have been a here a few times for lunch and yeah it is good, but "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" ?!?!The spam musubi is premade and cold.  The portions are large but the prices aren't small either.It's the typical spread and an adequate atmosphere, but I'd be hard pressed to say it is any better than L&L or ... whatever the name of that place by my old job was.I'm calling this one what it is.  Average in every way.
5	The best hawaiian food in town!  The portions are huge so be ready to fill your belly!  The staff was so homely and nice.  My husband order the short ribs and I had the kalua pork and cabbage.  I thought that we could not finish the orders, but it was so good that we both devoured the food.Good atmosphere, great food, good staff!  I will definiately come back here
4	I love this place. Everyone from the server to the cooks in the back are very friendly. When we got there I ordered the terriyaki chicken plate (to compare it to the other terriyaki chicken plates) oxtail soup, chicken katsu, and I believe some type of pork. I can't really remember much about the pork because of all the other food I ordered but let's just say from the several bites I had it melted in your mouth.Let's start with the terriyaki chicken. I have to say that this is the best terriyaki chicken at a Hawaiian restaurant. L&L's is too fatty and chewy, Aloha Kitchen always requires you to remember to ask for it with no skin, and there are a couple other places that weren't so memorable. It sounds strange to say but the chicken tasted like ... chicken. Real meat, not covered up in fat and that chewy gristle, just meat, that might not make any sense but if you've had that chewy gristle you know what I'm talking about.The same goes for the chicken katsu. The chicken was solid meat and the breading was crispy and clean, not soggy and greasy like some other places. Same goes for the oxtail soup, while the oxtail was extremely fatty (I never knew ox carried so much fat in their tail) the actual soup was not greasy but crisp and gingery. It tasted a little bland at first but once you start eating the oxtail and bites from a couple other dishes the soup actually complements the flavors.If I'm craving some Hawaiian food, this would definitely be among my top choices. However it loses a star because believe it or not I'm a fan of the canned mystery meat known as spam. They don't have any spam dishes and their spam musubi is pre-made and sits out on the counter which means first come, first serve and if you get there at night then you're SOL. But even if you were to get it, you have to eat spam musubi that's been sitting on the counter for awhile, for some reason it's not made to order, kinda weird but all in all a good spot.
3	Served with rice or mashed potatoes and macaroni or tossed salad include beef or chicken teriyaki, chop steak and onions, kalbi short ribs yummy, hawaiian style pork roast with hawaiian salt and cracked black pepper. Yummy Boil or sauteed opakapaka 9snapper0 Kalua pig and cabbage, 12oz  ribeye and loco moco, a half pound hamburger patty on rice but i like ground beef but only patty on rice topped with eggs and gravy.
5	ALOHA LAS VEGAS yelpers!just moved to Las Vegas and I found myself craving Hawaiian food!Found I.F. on yelp and got super excited!Called in my order and picked it up.I had the mix plate- pork/kalbi, kona coffee mud pie, and shoyu poke.It was my guys 1st time having hawaiian food so I talked him into getting the hamburger steak. I grab 4 spam musubi's at the counter.We loved the food! I'll def come back for more! Take out or dine in. casual. indoor seating.Big serving! My whole order came out to around $50 fpr 2 people.If you love Hawaiian food, stop by Island Flavor!Aloha!- Miss Yelp 2011
4	You can't go wrong with island food!  Dishes cost a little more than the commercial Hawaiian food joints like like L&L or Ono's, but the love in the food makes up for it.  And so do the portions!  I had myself a combo of Hawaiian roasted pork w/ gravy and chicken katsu.  The pork had just the right amount of salt and pepper and although the gravy was an added touch, I could probably just eat the pork by itself.  Oh wait, no, with rice.  Gotta have the rice.  The chicken katsu was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Sampled the poke' and it was fairly good.  I say "fair" because I've tasted better homemade poke'.  I'm not really a fan of macaroni salad, but their macaroni salad is a level up from L&L's.  That day I "broke da mouth" but I probably also broke some skin and gained another stretchmark.  Hawaii is always a stopover for me when I travel to and from my island home of Guam.  Island Flavors is definitely going to be a stopover for me everytime I go to Vegas!!
5	YAyyy!  We found our favorite Hawaiian food spot here in Vegas.  Aaand you know this city has a million to choose from lol.  I lived in hawaii for about a year, and i've never had oxtai soup until recently at Island Flavor.  I was apprehensive at first, the thought of eating oxtail and all.  But I must say, i'm glad I gave it the benefit of the doubt, because it was delicious.  The broth  was so comforting, the meat of the oxtails were so tender, and the order is huge.  Now, i'm an avid oxtail soup eater at Island Flavor.My husband swears by their korean chicken.  I've tried it and it's pretty good.  My 4 year old grubs on their barbecue chicken, which tastes ten times better than other hawaiian restaurant bbq chickens.  I also like how their beef is an actual steak.  None of that thin sliced beef teriyaki allllll the other mediocre hawaiian joints serve.
5	I was supposed to go to another "Island" place but ended up coming here and boy....that was meant to be!!!My son and I sat at the counter area and the sistah server was so warm and nice and I felt like I was home. I was not sure what to get but she helped me decide and I made a great decision!!!  I had to get my fave-anywhere I go I always get BEEF TERIYAKI.  I had to try the POKE....three types to choose from and sistah helped me choose the shoyu type. YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM!My son chose CHICKEN TERIYAKI and he loved it, also.Not only did it taste good but  the portions were "Man-size!"We were not able to finish...which is fine so I have a meal for the next day.   My son still was craving some GREEN TEA ice cream and when the bowl came....it was a giant portion.  We are used to getting one scoop when we go to sushi places.  This place will be one of my favorite places to go to from now on. I still need to try their OXTAIL SOUP....then I will have to update my review.
5	Mahalos to Island Flavor for coming to the 9th island and sharing what good Local food is all about. Island Flavor does local food right...Thank God!!!If you have a craving for local food this is the go to place in Las Vegas. Its a sit down restaurant but they also have counter service. The place is clean, everyone is always friendly. and the food is ONO!Not many Hawaiian restaurants in the mainland make me feel like i'm back at home but Island Flavors does exactly that every single time. I've tried a lot of their menu but my favorites are:1. Love their Oxtail stew- Its ONO period.2. Any of their Loco Moco's- hard to finish off its a mountain.3. They got good poke...best on Fri/Sat when fish comes in4. Pocho Bean soup...very good, almost like my Aunty's-almost5. Roast Pork...melt in your mouth! 6. and of course their hand wrapped Laulau's- I think its served only on Aloha Friday. Its a good thing they only serve it on Fri or I would have to buy new pants.7. Their mixed plate is like the Zip pac on steroids! So much food...and much better.This place is a winner in my book. They would put a lot of local restaurants in Hawaii to shame. What are you waiting for? Stop Yelping for a minute and drive your okole to Island Flavors. And don't forget to bring your appetite because they pile it on. Trust me, you'll be taking food home unless you are sharing your plate with 2 other people.Aloha to you too!
5	This place is B.A.*loco moco vs. Portuguese omelet. Whichever I want, I can not finish it. Huge portions. Bigger than your average spare tire. But the wait is long enough to start looking at other people's food while waiting. Long waits mean steak and burgers, no? But compensated by the sweet, genuine service.And the bill, is ridiculously small. Had to whip out my magnifying glass to realize how cheap the tab was.  I deeply recommend the mud pie dessert, which is also sharable.*B.A.= bad ass
4	HUGE poke salad with sweet potato, cucumber and tomato on a bed of romaine with a tasty dressing and garnished with orange.  The fried wonton skins might not be the most healthy, but they added texture and flavor, so an extra few minutes cardio is a decent price to pay.  The "boss" is a nice fellow and seems to be nothing but helpful and grateful for his customers.  The one review about bad take-out seems out of character. I plan to make this a regular lunch stop, being close to my office and the menu is extensive.  Must try Kaluha pig next time.  Modern local Hawaiian music (kinda reggae) passed the time nicely while reading the WSJ.  Crowded for lunch - best to drop in after 1:30pm.
2	It seemed really popular given how many "locals" were eating there but our food was way too salty and a few dollars more expensive than other Hawaiian places we've tried.I still get a little sad that they replaced the aptly named Pho 777 that used to be here. Sniff, sniff.
5	Finally!  We found the place (opposite side of the Strip, not Henderson) that reminds us of home the most!  This place has been around for over a year or so now, opened by a Big Island guy!  So, you'd better expect BIG!  Expect to bring home some leftovers for dinner/lunch/breakfast the next day!  Every time we come here, we feel like we're back at home again!  For some reason, food (and music) will always take us back to the islands...*smack!* the Chicken Katsu Loco Moco!  First time ever trying both local favorites - together!  MmmMmmm!  Aaaand, leftovers to take home!  OHH!  And you should try their Fried Rice and Omelet!  I think it's on their Specials Menu!  That fried rice is soooo tasty, with huge pieces of sausage in it, and so very moist and perfect!  They serve it with 3 slices of Portuguese sausage, I think it's the Maui or Big Island kine!  HUGE!  And ONO, too!  Other goodies to try, Korean Chicken (saucy!), and their Kalbi!If you are from Hawaii, and you live here in Las Vegas now, forget about L&L for your local fix!  Summerlin finally has a place that serves up one of the best local foods I've tasted since living here!  Broke da Mouth!
5	There's just so many things that I love about this place on a personal level because i'm an islander as well and this just reminds me of Carson, CA.  The interior decor nothing great but there's just something about it that makes you feel as if you were in someone's kitchen which is nice to me.  The staff and cooks are real islanders so they really know the true island flavors when it comes to cooking what we like.  Most of them even have the pigeon accent, a rarity to find people in vegas that are really from the islands.  The music they play really true to the culture, not no Jack Johnson like what other island theme restaurants choose to play.  The lady serving me was so kind and reminds me of my lola (grandma).They are not selfish here with their servings. This is the first restaurant where I couldn't finish a loco moco (beef patty, eggs, rice, and plenty of gravy).  I only finished halfway and was already full with no room in my tummy reserved.  It was good because they made it just the way I like my loco moco, heavy with gravy baby.  Can't wait to come back and try their ox tail soup.  Only regret about this place is that it gets you so full that you get very sleepy after.  Another restaurant I'm glad to live near by.  Southwest Vegas really has plenty of hidden treasures.  I did this review on my iphone, now my fingers are cramped and sore.
5	I am in love with this place. They don't fool around here, it's the real deal.  I thought they had my mom back there cooking.  No cookie cutter, out of the box recipes here.I had the Sweet & Sour Spare Ribs which were awesome!  I felt like smothering everything on my plate in that sauce it was so good.  The spare ribs were nice and tender with no gamey aftertaste so you know it was cooked with love.  The sides were really good too.  The Mac Salad was also very tasty, quite possibly my favorite Mac Salad now, and the Rice was nice.For dessert we had the Haupia Cake, and they are serious about their dessert too.  A nice mountainous slice of fluffy Cake and the Whipped Cream looked like an avalanche..  It was great.The restaurant was nice and clean.  Nothing on the floors and the countertops and tables were all clean and clear.  The service was fast and friendly.  I think the quality of the food outweighs the price by far.I have found my new favorite Hawaiian food restaurant.  Even if it is a bit far from home for me, I don't mind driving across town to eat there at all.
4	My family came here a few days ago, and for myself and my sister, it was our first time having Hawaiian cuisine. My sister and I had the loco moco and my mom had the hoisin sauce ribs. The portions are just HUGE. My loco moco had huge scoops of rice, a good sized beef patty, the fried egg and a pool of gravy. I loved it. My mom's ribs were juicy and tender it was so much that we ended up eating the leftover's for dinner that night. The price was right for the portions as well, a little under $9 for each entree. My mom also said her coffee was the best she'd had in ages.
4	Finally was able to make my way down here to Island Flavor after a few months now.... The location is just out of my way not to mention that my off days are the days they are closed : Boo Hoo....Anyhow, I made it a point to order something I have not tried before-Barbecue Ribs with rice and a side salad   Hella big maybe too big but it was fall off the bone yummy. Maybe I   would have liked just a little less sauce - I always love their side salad   option because it's big and the salad dressing is delish - Taro,Wonton     Chips- Yup, DELISH!!!-Chicken Katsu with Mac Salad and French Fries   My daughter loved it, enough said.-Teri Chicken,Fried Shrimp,Mac Salad and rice  The BF must have liked it cause he finished it all and you know about    portions here...-Chantilly Cake  There is no way in hell that I would come here and not leave with a slice    of their Chantilly cake- It's the best that I have tried -     SWEET TOOTH SATISFACTION!!!!!I was sad to know that they ran out of the banana bread- The lady told me that she gets calls all day inquiring if they made banana bread and when she does it only lasts a few hours. Three wishes for Island Flavor1. Open on Sundays and Mondays2. Bake Extra Extra Huge Quantities of Banana Bread and    only then would I have a good chance of eating one again3.Make Guava Chiffon Cake because after eating your Chantilly Cake I'm   positive it will be the ultimate Guava lovers fantasy come true...
5	My 4th week in a row coming here and can't get enough of it. The Hawaiian plate is off the hook!!!
5	Hands down, the best Hawaiian food I've had. Big portions and friendly staff who easily remember you!
5	Hands down best Hawaiian in Las Vegas.
5	I had never been to a place that served Hawaiian food before. My coworkers have been talking about this place for a while and i was finally able to join them. Being that it was friday they had a special "Hawaiian Plate" which has :- Two large scoops of rice- Macaroni Salad- Lau Lau ( Only after 3pm )  or Kalua Pork - Ahi Poke in Shoyu- Haupia- Lomi-lomi salmonMy coworker recommended it as a way to be aquainted with the tastes of hawaii. Let me tell you the food was AMAZING.  The pork was tender , flavorful and definitly a repeat. I quite enjoyed the ahi poke , mac salad.  Im not a huge fan of salmon , so i ate very little of the lomi-lomi salmon.  I detest coconut , but the Haupia was amazing as an end to a terrific meal. The wait staff was attentive and for the price i was stuffed.   I will definitely be bringing my wife here to try it out.
5	This place makes my tummy happy.  1.) Hawaiian kine portions, not that small kine stuff from Aloha Kitchen2.) So so so so so so so good3.) Priced right for me4.) There was so much food that I couldn't finish it, which is rare for me.  This place challenges me so much!I went with my boyfriend and together we got:-Kalbi & Roast pork plate (My boyfriend loved it)-Chicken katsu loco moco (That sucka is no joke)-Portuguese Bean soup (Just like home)-Li Hing Mui Lemonade slush thing (I am not a li hing mui on everything fan, but I liked this.  The tartness and the bite were perfect)Short story: I love this place....if I was going to be mean I'd only take a star off because it needs to be closer to the university or have more locations, but this place is worth the drive and I will go here again.  Plus my cousin's husband is cousin's with the owners and that guy loves his food.  He knows better than me what's good.
4	When it comes to island flavor, they sure have it.  This restaurant is small, quaint, and fast.  Frank and I stopped by here on our way to check out our new home nearby, and when we walked in it felt as if we were back on Guam at some mom and pop restaurant.  The staff is friendly and helped a lot when it came to choosing lunch.I grabbed their ribeye steak with white rice.  It comes smothered in grilled onions and mushrooms, just how we make it back home.  It was delicious, but I have to say that they have this adobo-like chicken dish that Frank ate, and the sauce was CRAZY GOOD.  I poured it over my steak and rice after tasting it!Love the food, love the people, and I will stick with the local fare rather than their American choices, because they do their food the best.  'Oh, and save room for dessert.  Their haupia cake is HUGE and can feed four people, or two hungry islanders like Frank and I.Stop by, say hello, and chow down at island flavor.
2	Sorry, even the decor and friendly servers just can't mask the taste of awful food!This doesn't taste like food back home. I tried a lot of things on their menu and everything but desserts disappointed. Their desserts don't count since most of them are baked by Andrea's World of Cakes?Roast Pork: Where's the meat? Why is there so much fat? Chicken Katsu: Why is it burnt? Korean Chicken: Where's the spice? Why is there chicken fuzz still on it? Eeewww!Kalbi/Short Ribs: Why so stingy and too sweet?Portuguese Sausage: What is that weird after taste? Lau Lau: Why is it so dry? Almost like shredded wet cardboard. Furikake Shrimp: What's so special about breaded fried shrimp with furikake sprinkles on it? Come on, lets get more creative here.Loco Moco & Hamburger Steak: Sure, it's big but why is it so bland? Mac Salad: No, no. (shaking my head) So salty. Spam Musubi: How can you sell cold musubi left for hours on the counter? Kikoman "cheap stuff" soy sauce? You know everyone back home favors Aloha Shoyu! UGH!  I gave this place so many chances and I ALWAYS left disappointed. Hey, shame on me for expecting the inevitable from this restaurant.
5	Aright so I moved to Vegas recently, but so far this is one of my favorite places to eat.  I came here for lunch yesterday with My T. and Thao T. and I have to say it was pretty dang awesome.  I haven't had lunch yet, so I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.Aright, I'm going to give you the low down.  The portions are big here, so I would suggest you go with a couple people, and you guys all try each others' stuff.  These are the 3 things we got, and I'll probably get them again.  1.  Korean Chicken - I have had wings like this once before in my life, and it was called Dry Fried Chicken at a restaurant in San Francisco called San Tung, and they are legit.  I wouldn't make a meal out of this, that's why I'm saying share.  Juiciest wings ever, and that Korean sauce is wicked2.  Kalbi Short Ribs- Again, it's a lot of food, so most people would die if they had this whole plate.  They are so tender, you can pull them off the bone.  I want it now.3.  Baby Back Ribs (can't find on menu for some reason, maybe new item) - My least favorite, but fantastic in the least.  It just doesn't compare to the top 2 items I mentioned.  Owner served us, he's a great guy.  So humble, very chill vibe in the place.  You can tell it's really Hawaiian.  I will come back.
3	Man, their portion is HUGE~! So definitely, bring your appetite. And this place certainly has the "Island Flavor" all around, with very friendly service too. Terriyaki beef was my fav out of 6 other dishes we had on our table. However, I kept thinking..."man, were the dishes made by chef school drop-outs?" (Not to offend the "chefs" there, but dont expect high quality or eye-applealing presentation here.) Overall, cool place and I would go back there again for sure. Wish they just "clean up" all the clutters tho, esp. the dirty rug that was covering a long table in the corner X(
5	Everything about Island Flavor is great.Reasonable prices, friendly service, excellent food, and great atmosphere.  People dine here reguarly and for good reason.I enjoy the poke (furikake style) and I usually get the oxtail soup.  You can get a 2 meat combo for under 10 bucks.  Tonnnnss of food.  The qualiy of their food is really good.  Kalbi short ribs, katsu, shoyu chicken all very good.  I believe on Friday nights, they have specials such as Lau Lau, etc.  I also like how they play Hawaiian music in the background.
2	i went to this place from a suggestion from a friend of mine.  The hours has changed so please be mindful of the new hours of operation.  i went their for lunch since i'm from hawaii I'm always looking for a good place where they have hawaiian food.  I have to say this place does not live up to the hype of my friends and everyone I asked about this place.  i ordered the mix plate where you can choose 2 main item from a list so I picked teri chicken and roast pork  which is a basic item for hawaiian restaurants.  First their menu is very limited, they didn't even have spam musubi.. anyways.  when they food came out it looked good. Nice big portions just like my firend said.  but when i started eating  the gravy was turkey gravy and not pork gravy.  the mac salad was too sweet in my opinion.  although the chicken was cooked perfectly, there was too much sauce on it and ruined the chicken..  the rice was over cooked and mushy.  i didn't want to anymore of that so I ordered the saimin.  which is another staple of hawaiian food.  when it came out it looked very nice.  it had wontons, fish cakes, bok choy, teri beef, scrambled egg.  but again when i tasted it i was very disappointed.  the soup was a instant soup bases.  the noodle was s&s saimin.  i asked for chinese hot mustard so I can dip the wontons in it.  what came out was wasabi and shoyu already mixed together.  right then and there i lost my appetite.  the saimin is not worth the $8.75  you can't have mustard with your saimin.  Oh!! they don't even have Aloha Shoyu..  I would really like to see this restaurant do good but they have to change their flavors and stop advertising like they have hawaiian pride when the flavor of the food clearly states otherwise....
4	The portions are huge, the food is great and the people who work here are very helpful and friendly!I drive by this place all the time but have never noticed it because of the pitch black tint they have on the windows.  The parking lot is also kind of dark. Thanks Yelp for letting me know about this place!
5	I've tried a number of Hawaiian restaurants in the valley and by far this is my favorite. The expectations of this place really lives up to the hype with everyone on yelp and word of mouth. Service was pretty standard the day we visited and there was a good sized crowd eating lunch. My mom and I brought the little girl we babysit throughout the week and we ordered fried poke stack, mahi mahi salad, and grilled chicken. Fried Poke Stack- this had a really good flavor. I'm guessing it was cooked with sesame oil and soy sauce. The portion was plenty enough to share which is why my parents were able to taste it. My parents enjoyed this as well because they believed it had a very homemade like-taste to it. Mahi Mahi Salad- really delicious dressing is all I can say. The only thing I would ask for is it would have been better if they used cherry tomatoes instead of slicing a tomato into quarters. But loved the dressing once again. Grill chicken- didn't get to try this because we ordered it for the little girl. But it came with three fillets. Banana bread- I was really excited to try this because Ursula U. had raved about it in her review. It was pretty good, but not the best that I've tried or anything I would crave for. It could be because it's made with Cinnamon, which is something I'm not a big fan of. TIP: everything is ENOUGH TO SHARE. Even if I'm a big eater, the portions here are huge!Can't wait to come here to try more. Absolutely love it and recommend to anyone no matter what side of town you live on especially if you're into Hawaiian food.
3	We came here tonight to get a little "island flavor". I got the Korean chicken and pot roast pork combo plate. The Korean chicken was little bit spicy and crisp. The pot roast was very bland, not much flavor here, the pork was tender, had a little to much fat left on and I didn't care for it. Of course my plate came with two scoops rice and mac salad. I'd eat the Korean chicken again.
5	After a whole day of watching my nephews baseball tournament, a group of us were starving for some real food. We decided on Island Flavor and I saw that it closed at 10pm. Cool, we still had a half hour. WRONG! We got there and the sign on the door had their new hours.... closed at 9:30pm. NOOOO!!!! Wait, what's going on? What the heck? We were going in the door. They said yes! They took us all at closing time without hesitation or an attitude. We sat down, ordered and ate. One of the waitresses worked at the same location as my friend (at her other job). What a great staff! The food was ono and the portions were frickin' huge. I ordered the fried rice which came with egg on top and a few pieces of the biggest Portuguese sausage EVER! Everyone really loved the food and most of us had to take the leftovers to go. The Chantilly cake is awesome! It seems like the hours have changed again according the their website. Go early, be hungry. Thank you to the staff that night for taking us in and being great about it.
5	I have to admit...I've been to Hawaii, but I never really ate hawaiian food until I moved to Vegas. And until I had Island Flavor I never really knew just how good it could be.I actually stopped in without knowing anything about this place and just went for lunch with my roommate Mason, who has been to Hawaii numerous times so I figured why not give it a try.As a southerner I am fundamentally pre-programmed to like most of these dishes because they have the same principals of many southern dishes. Slow cooked pork, greens, rice, gravy, fried chicken steak, and a mayo heavy pasta salad as a nice foil to the abundance of savory flavors.I had the pork lau lau combo which came with 2 scoops of rice a side of the ceviche style ahi poke salad and that coconut pudding that I could happily eat every day for the rest of my life. All of this was $10 and the portion was too much for me to finish and made for great leftovers the next day.This place has the typical kitschy interior that you would expect with any small hawaiian joint. And the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful with making suggestions based on my limited experience with the cuisine.Although this place is now a bit of a drive from me, and for anybody else who is not in the extreme SW, it is beyond worth the drive. I would have to pass 3 different hawaiin places on my way to Island Flavor, and to those who have been there...you know why this makes total sense.
4	This place seriously has some of the best Hawaiian food I have ever tasted!  The portions are hearty and leaves you wanting more the next day.  I love this place, the only downside is the slow wait and service....but definitely worth it.
5	The best Hawaiian BBQ in Vegas period! I know my Asian BBQ because I personally cook them all the time and these are the best. They use real grill not like other franchise H BBQ who just fry them. Chicken is perfectly marinated and Kalbi is cooked well too. Taste reminded me of the BBQ in Maui.
5	thank you yelp for this awesome find! its a lil far off the strip, but totally worth it.  being from the south bay, we are starved for good local food. yes theres a ton of places, but nothing every lives up to your expectations!this place was pretty good and reminded me of my moms home cooking.  if im ever back in vegas ill be coming back here! its definitely worth the trip off the strip!
5	real ono, noka'oi hawaiian food in vegas...!! good portions, price, atmosphere, and real hawaiian cooking in the kitchen!!!
4	The food here was authentic Hawaiian, just as god as I got in Hawaii. We ordered the Loco Moco, 2 burger patties, 2 eggs and gravy over a lot of rice, the lau lau, which was almost as good as Super J's, and the Kalua pig & cabbage. This was enough food for 5 people and my cousin and I ate most of it. The poke was fresh, the food was hot and tasty, and the cost was low. What more can you ask for? Definitely worth a drive away from the strip to eat here.
5	Still as great as I remembered! I'm in love with their portions and I don't think there is a lack of quality with those portion in my opinion.  I took my aunty and uncle, who I believe would know the diff and were visiting from Hawaii, and they agreed that this place is awesome. My uncle said the oxtail soup was ono, but little bit different from how he usually gets it because the ginger is usually grated on the top.  He also said that compared to Maui the oxtail here is couple dollars cheaper. My aunty liked her order of kalbi too.  It was an extreme portion and she finished it all.  I got kalua pig and cabbage, which was an awesome portion too.  My auntie's looked the best though.  Afterwards we got chantilly cake and I got to say this was one of the best chantilly cakes I've had.  We weren't expecting such a big piece and I took it home to my boyfriend, who never had chantilly before and liked it.  When I come back here I'm definitely getting kalbi and sharing the cake.  It was all so good and it got my family's approval!
4	Come here with a sense of island time, because it might take a moment  for you to get your drinks and for the one waitress to take your order when it is busy. If you are patient, you will be rewarded. The waitress is friendly and attentive, but it is necessary to cut her some slack. At first, I was starting to get agitated because we were sitting there for ten minutes while she was doing everything except helping us. I came to realize it was my fast paced Las Vegan hustle which was making me impatient. So come here with the mindset to relax and enjoy the best that the islands have to offer.For two people, we ordered the fried ahi poke salad and the hoisin BBQ baby back ribs. The poke was not a favorite. Island definitely gives you your moneys worth because the dish had heaps of tuna and they were not small pieces, but huge chunks. The mountain of greens, three slices of purple sweet potatoes, cucumbers, and tomatoes made for a massive meal. The creamy soy ginger dressing was strong. I should have asked for it on the side. I also realized that I do not like my poke cooked. This dish would be better raw. The ribs, on the other hand, were magnificent. Two five ribs slabs were mounted on two mounds of rice and a scoop of mac salad. The feast was enough to feed two generously. The sauce is superb and I was tossing the rice in it to sop up every drop. For $10.25 and $12 respectively, this is a fantastic deal. I would say that these ribs were better than anything you could get at a BBQ joint in Vegas.
5	Seriously, I have hit the jackpot of all Island gourmet! I cannot even begin to explain how good everything is that I have had here.Even the regular chopped salad is amazing with that dressing, those freshly fried wonton chips, the slice of TARO! Yes, fresh taro. Ughhhh, I have been back  multiple times and they are on point EVERY time.I have had the hoisin baby back ribs (TWO RACKS OF RIBS, SO TENDER THEY FALL OFF THE BONE!), sweet & sour spare ribs (JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF TANGY-NESS AND SWEETNESS), the Korean Chicken (DRUMETTES WITH A LIGHT SAUCE), the Furikake Shrimp (DEEP FRIED AND SIMPLE)... and my boyfriend is extremely fond of the Hawaiian Style Roast Pork. He also bragged about how juicy their laulau was, and oh, i almost forgot, the portions are HUGE. They have great daily specials. The Smoked Meat is amazing. NOT Pipikaula, but it's DEEEELICIOUSSSS.MAKE SURE YOU'RE HUNGRY and don't plan any heavy activity after you eat here. You will probably have to sit for longer than you were eating in order to make a safe exit!
5	First of all, I can compare this Hawaiian style bbq to the real deal in Hawaii. If you know the local spots on Oahu such as Rainbow Drive Inn, Side St Inn, Aiea Bowl, Shiro's, Helena's, you will know what I mean. This is probably one of the best I have ever experienced. The BBQ plate has real sirloin cut up. The chicken katsu is perfectly done. I the pork is outstanding. The kalbi is thickly cut with a lot of meat. The portions are also bigger than a normal plate lunch. I totally recommend this place! It is the best in Vegas and compares to the top Hawaiin BBQ restaurants on the Islands.
5	As a relative newcomer to Vegas, I was confused by the (seemingly) plethora of Hawaiian eateries in town.  The first one I tried was Ross J's on the east side of the city.  The combination of cheap prices and gargantuan amounts of food appealed to my gluttonous nature....so when hubsters and I moved to the NW part of Vegas three months after moving to Sin City, we were mostly unhappy about losing our relatively close proximity to Ross J's.  I did some yelping and came across Island Flavor and aloha food!  So very glad we came.The interior can be considered more upscale than the typical Hawaiian joint in that the walls are adorned with pleasing framed island prints in warm colours vs random posters found haphazardly hanging for their papery lives by a few pieces of tape.  We were greeted by a very friendly server who immediately suggested the mixed BBQ plate (you choose 2 meats from the list of 6 or 7).  We chose the kalbi short ribs and the chicken katsu; this selection came with rice and macaroni salad.In a word: YUM.  Lots of meat on the ribs, nicely done katsu, loads of rice, and the mac salad wasn't too gloppy or oversauced.  I should mention that hubby and I shared the BBQ plate -- the server recommended we do that! -- and we both had enough to eat.  Our little dinner out cost us $9.75 plus tax and tip.  Pretty affordable dinner date.I am looking forward to our next visit very very much!
5	i can't get enough of this place!! reminds me of back home!! chicken katsu loco moco bomb good, ahi poke, and every friday they have the hawaiian plate i can't get enough of it, good prices and biug portions and service is great!!!
5	When my craving for Hawaiian style food is larger than what L&L can handle, this is where you'll find me. Large portions at fair prices and the owners are very friendly. Check out their daily specials. One daily special, Beef Curry, is just terrific and too bad they do not serve it on their regular menu. Mud Pie anyone? Better bring a couple of your friends to share it.
5	Came here again the day after I visited Island Flavor for the first time.  Had the kalua pork and cabbage -- great!  However, the topper was the chantilly cake!!!!  SO GOOD.  4 layer chocolate cake with cream filling and a butterscotchy icing reminiscent of the icing for German chocolate cake....swoon.  Drool.
5	Went here for lunch last week. I had the loco moco which was HUGE and super Yummy! My friend had the fried poke which was also very Yummy. Staff was super friendly and provided quick service. Restaurant was also clean.
5	The staff: I wish I caught her name, she was incredibly friendly, especially towards the end.  It wasn't busy so I think she was actually the only server working.  But she was able to tend to our table and a few others, very efficient.The goods: AMAZING.  I got the mixed plate with teriyaki chicken and furikake shrimp.  i was in heaven.  The meat was so tender and I could just pull it apart with my fork.  Sounds of food ecstasy kept coming from the other side of the table; my friend was really enjoying her meal as well.  And the portions were huge!  We ate a good amount and still had to get a to-go box for the rest of her Kalbi and my chicken.The atmosphere: It reminded me so much of home.  They had satellite radio playing Hawaiian tunes; a very nice touch.  It wasn't done up all crazy, just a few pictures here and there, a wall fixture of the islands.  It had a very personal feel to it.  It reminded me of places we would eat when I was younger in Waianae; the same fading color scheme and plants, same kitchen layout.  It actually made me quite nostalgic.After Aloha Grill closed down and Aloha Kitchen kind of went downhill, I thought my only hope for Hawaiian food would be the Marketstreet Cafe at the Cal, and I only go there for the saimin anyway.  But my "haole" friend as he refers to himself, instructed that it was CRUCIAL I check out Island Flavor.  I am so happy that I did.  Amazing food, and great quality for the price.  I was afraid it would be more on the pricy side because of other reviews, but that wasn't the case at all.  I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the bill.First experience there was brilliant, it definitely won't be my last.
4	Finally tried Island Flavor for the first time today.  Been hearing only positive comments and recommendations for this SW Hawaiian eatery in a relatively undeveloped part of town, and the experience lived up to expectations.The portions are way more than generous.  Sides?  They can serve you a "side", but it will still be entree portion.  Just about everyone who dines here, leaves the restaurant with the tomorrow's lunch pre-packed.  The desserts are just as big as the big island, and the ones I tried (Banana Bread Pudding) was delicious.I tried the mixed plate with the Kalbi Ribs and Hawaiian Style Roasted Pork (serve with gravy), plus the Ahi Poke (Shoyu) and sampled the sesame and furikake ones as well.  I personally really enjoyed the sesame ahi poke. But I think the Poke Salad (entree sized salad) also looks very delicious, and I will most likely try that in one of my future visits.Besides the good food, the price is reasonable. You are definitely not going to leave this restaurant feeling like you can have a Big Mac Combo.  It is perfect for a family or hungry & growing teenager, football team, etc.  It is perfect for anyone that wants good food, generous portions for a reasonable price!  The friendly service is added to the package for absolutely no additional charge.Are you an ahi poke fan? This is the best value and taste for the money in all of Las Vegas.  Sesame flavor is probably the best, but everyone's preference is different, so try them all (just not all at one time, unless you have an army to help you finish it). No joke!Food:  4/5   Some misses, but most are hits. Definitely worth the drive to this part of town if you are in the mood for Hawaiian food "local" style.Portion:  5/5  How many different ways can you say the portion is huge?  Each plate is enough to share for two regular people.Service:  4/5  Friendly service. Location:  Can be a long trek for some, considering the location, but I think it is worth it.  If you are visiting from out of town, unless you have your own transportation, I would suggest passing this one up (trying to get a cab out here back to the Strip would be a hassle and costly).Price:  5/5  For the portion, it is definitely worth it.Ambiance:  4/5  Hawaiian inspired art works adorned the walls, but I didn't pay it much attention when I saw the plates of food at the pick-up window.Easily a solid 4 stars!
5	Each time I come here, I continue to love it more and more. Maybe I was too enthralled in all the great conversation with my fellow yelpers, but I could find little to fault in last nights UYE at Island Flavor. It was a great evening in celebration of a really nice guy. This was my third time here and the third time I had ordered the hoisin baby back ribs. Do I regret ordering the same thing and not deviating? NEVER! I did however shared the love and was shown some back when my companions offered me some of their plates. If they didn't, I would not know how good some of the other stuff was. The steak was delectable. The Korean chicken was perfection in taste and crispiness. The galbi was a disappointment. It was tough and chewy, unlike my amazing ribs. When I lifted one to take a bite, the meat slid right off. My plate was one of the few that went back bare, but I swear I shared.  The sesame poke was amazing and the serving is generous for $9.95. I might eat that when I am craving a "light" meal. We ended the night with some dessert. The banana bread pudding was good, but so dense. One bite and I was done. Then again, I did inhale a whole piece of the kona coffee mud pie. Sorry guys, you handed me a spoon and turned your back. I cannot resist ice cream. I still remember someone turning to point at how big the slice was and found a sliver left over. I ended up finishing that too. Both desserts are a great deal at $5.50. Just be careful who you decide to share them with.
5	I don't know why I waited so long to try this place out. The portions here are huge. The plates could feed 1 maybe 2 families. The desserts give u one sugar coma just by looking at it.  I dunno how I made it out the door I was so full.  Lol. Definitely gotta try this place out. Prices are little higher then most Hawaiian restaurants, at around $10+ a plate and around $5 for desserts, but the portions are huge and very good and is as good as it gets.  Worth the drive out.  They did a excellent job on service for a UYE.I ready for put my order in for their Aloha plate, served only fridays, forgot what's in there but heard it runs out like that.
4	A displaced local buddy (who now lives in LV, i guess it makes him a LV local) took me to this place and walked out with a smile on my tummy.  A little off the beaten path from the Strip, but stepping into this place I felt if I stepped back into Hawaii.  Even the people eating here had some connection to the islands.  I had the Kalbi and the Chop Steak.  Mmmm so ono, even by local standards.  My buddy had the fried chicken and always gets it so I know that gotta be a winna.  I will make it a point to stop here whenever I am in Sin City.
3	We stopped by this place for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  We ordered the furikake poke and mixed plate of kalbi ribs and Hawaiian roast pork. We ate all of the poke and had a misubi and our plate of food still did not come.  The waitress gave us the bill, that's when we realized that our waitress didn't get our order right and thought we only ordered the poke. So after waiting another 10 minutes, our plate of food arrived.  It was big, just like other yelpers said.  There was enough food for both my wife and I to share one plate for lunch.  There were three pieces of kalbi ribs and a decent pile of roast pork with gravy, two scoops of rice and macaroni salad. But one piece of the kalbi ribs was all fat, with very little beef on it.  I was not too impressed with this plate, as the whole plate was lacking in flavour.  The kalbi ribs could have been marinated longer, the roast pork was not that tasty and there wasn't enough gravy for the two scoops of rice.  The macaroni salad is standard fare just like any other Hawaiian cuisine restaurant.  The misubi wasn't fresh, rice was on the hard side.  I do like the big portions of the mixed plate though and their poke was fresh and quite tasty, so I will come back and try some of there other menu items.
4	Came by via Nelson's UYE/B-Day and had the kalbi with 2 sides which had good flavor, nice little char along with the traditional mac salad and a huge side of salad. Had some of the fellow Yelper's poke and it was all pretty good. As you would expect at a Hawaiian joint, there were tremendous portions, I took nearly half my meal home. Pretty much the only concern I had was the heavy mayo like dressing for the salad and a couple of complaints of other Yelper's katsu and roasted pork being (and looking) pretty dry other than that, I don't mind heading back here again. 3.5 rounding up.
5	Okay, I just ate here again. I can't get enough of this place! Everytime, I visit Vegas at my vacation condo, I come here. I have tried most of the menu including the deserts. I recommend everything so far. The deserts are great especially the banana bread pudding. The portions are huge for the price you pay. If you see anything below four stars on Yelp, they are idiots and don't know what Hawaiian food is suppose to taste like (for example, the lady who thinks the Korean chicken is too spicy..well duh.. it's Korean!) Everything has the homemade taste. Service can be slow but be patient, it is Hawaiian time!
4	Came here for Nelson's B-day UYE, got here rather late so i figure i'd order something quick to save my beloved fellow friends the agony of watching me slowly eating the same dishes that they have just finished eating. On that notion Lynn warmly recommended the hawaiian Ahi poke, the one with sesame, she suggested.  Ahi poke it is, big chunks of deep red and raw goodness nicely marinated with shoyu, green onions, sesame oil and more sesame~ To keep the ahi entertained, i also ordered some french fries along with a side of macaroni salad to satisfy my secret urge to eat fries with mayonnaise.  This combo initially raised a few eyebrows but after some effort on my part to promo the mayo-fries duo, there were empathetically accepted.Although this joint does not fall on my normal route of commute, i will not hesitate to go back and try out a few more items on the menu.
3	Came here with my future bro in law. He highly recommended this place. Its kinda far from the strip, but food was decent. Its kinda nice to venture out of the bright lights of Vegas sometimes. The inside was open and very welcoming. Place was packed so we sat at the bar. I ordered the roast pork & kalbi combo with the gravy on the side. The kalbi ribs were some of the best I've tried! It was thick and flavorful. Juicy and not dry at all. The Mac salad though, had way to much pepper in it. The roasted pork had little flavor and the gravy wasn't that appealing either. I probably would not order the pork again. My bro in law ordered the kalbi ribs and chicken katsu combo. He let me try some katsu and it was good. Nice crunch but moist inside. Pretty darn good.I wouldn't mind coming back to try some other items on the menu. I'll read some other Yelp reviews to see what's good and what's not...
5	Ox-tail soup three huge chuncks and a few small ones portion was good.  Saimin is awesome.
5	I ordered their ahi poke with sesame oil, and they handed me a mountain of deliciousness.  It's not a coincidence they call it "BIG Island Style."  Humungous!  The quality of the ahi was cold, fresh, and smothered in flavorful sesame Shoyu, scallions, and onions.  I wanted to try their chantilly cake but there was none avail at the time, so we ordered their signature Kona Coffee Mud Pie.  WARNING: This is at least a 2 person portion.  The pie is made up of homemade fragrant Kona Coffee ice cream on top of a Oreo cookie crust.  It comes with a side of whip cream, and topped off with crunchy peanuts, chocolate & raspberry sauce.  You really have to try this place out to see the size yourself.
5	Whoa, this place is ono! Yummy and/or delicious in pidgin.For the 2 years, I've lived in Vegas, I've never even tasted anything that come close to chicken katsu like back home TIL NOW =)Portions are ridic. Fried rice is super flavorful with lots of spam and charsui (pork). Their macaroni salad is pretty authentic to the ones in Hawaii.They also serve "Hawaiian style" fruit punch. Not no "Hawaiian Punch" fruit punch but, the kind that makes me feel like a kid growing up in Honolulu.Laulau here was pretty good. And I reallllyyy don't even like laulau. Lots of meat in there instead of all the leaves.Haupia (coconut custard, I guess) was the best part of my lunch here. AND they give you a lot of it.Can't wait to eat here again......too bad it's on the other side of town for me.
5	The poke as an "appetizer" is very filling.  You can actually have this as your meal for only $9.95.  As for the lunch special deals for about $10 is also very filling.  It's really "Big Island" style portions where you can share one meal with two people.  My boyfriend and I tasted the chicken katsu loco moco and the short ribs.  These two choices are superb.  I'd definitely would come back to this place when I head back to Las Vegas again.  This is the spot to go to if you're missing the island flavors and you want to eat someplace away from the strip.
4	Authentic Hawaiian food. Style, flavor and gargantuan portions will take you back to the islands. *Korean style chicken wings - crispy, sweet and spicy. Very nice.* Kalbi - big portions and nice flavor. * Teriyaki beef - good flavor on tender pieces of beef.Perfect with rice.* House salad - super good dressing!!!!!*MAC salad - tasty; it's coma time!!!!!!*Oxtail Soup - If you're in the mood to slurp. Go for it. Fall of the bone goodness. Places like this will always be a crowd favorite due to the excellent value for your money. To the owners of Island Flavor...I love this place. Keep serving it up.
4	The portions are pretty big - my bf and I usually share a combination plate of beef teriyaki and kalbi short ribs which also comes with rice and salad, or get our own and have enough for 2 meals each.  The beef teriyaki and short ribs are super tasty!  I've also tried the fresh ahi poke and pork won tons - both are really good.  I wasn't a fan of the chop steak or chicken katsu but that could just be me.
5	This family run locals spot is a gem!Nothing at all like the Hawaiian barbecue chains with boring mayo noodles and canned brown gravy on frozen fries.  This is home cooked island fare with a touch of love and happiness....in a portion large enough to put you in a coma!I've actually converted 2 Hawaiian barbecue nay-sayers in their 1st visit here.Mmmmmm summarizes.
4	Great food and huge portions!! Awesome stuff!
4	Love this place. I wish the menu was a litle bigger and it is a little out of the way. The food is fantastic and the staff is great!!
3	Whoa, a good plate lunch place in the desert! Its not exactly Hawaii's plate lunch but nothing wrong with some reinterpretation for mainland taste (mashed potatoes as an option instead of rice, or chicken katsu with brown gravy; huh?)The teri steak, teri chicken, and kalbi are just as good as any back home.  All are deeply marinated, lightly charred, cooked well done, and served messy over rice and mac salad. Win!  The Portuguese bean soup and oxtail soup are also both good but can't top the best back home.  The plates are large. Prices are EXTREMELY high.  At around $10 per plate, its even more expensive than most Hawaii plate lunch restaurants.  Unfortunate since you can get so much more for your money elsewhere off the Strip.
4	This is one of my favorite places to grab some local Hawaiian grinds. It's always good for the price and the social experience. The tables and chairs are spaced moderately from each other so while your party is still granted some form of privacy it's still close enough to catch parts of the conversation going next to you. Normally I don't like to eavesdrop but here you can't help it. You hear stories about places back in the islands, memories growing up, uh-oh's from the party last night, grandma's funny joke, the usual gossip, and loud bursts of laughter just to name a few. Bottom line is, everyone is enjoying themselves and that's the atmosphere you would expect here. The menu has a good selection and if that's not enough, throw in a page of the day's specials and homemade desserts. The only bad part about this experience is trying to figure out what you want to order. Make sure you come with an appetite because the portions are huge! More power to you if you can throw it all back but I usually leave with enough leftovers to last for the rest of the day. No extra star only because it took a while before the food came but it was no one's fault. The place was busy and I was starving. (o.O)
5	When that craving for some food from the island hits, there's no escaping it.It's a hunger like no other. Luckily, over at Island Flavor, they give some of the largest portions that I have ever seen. It's like Hash House A Go Go-portions for Hawaiian Cuisine, except the food here is actually good.The place was a bit on the empty side around 11am on a late Saturday morning. Seeing an empty place on a weekend always leaves me a bit hesitant to eat somewhere. But, I had a gut instinct telling me to eat here anyway. I'm glad I did. Here's what we went with:Fried Rice Omelet - When this dish is served to you, it looks like a majestic mountain pile, capped at the peak with a generous amount of scrambled egg. Along with it, comes three giant pieces of Portuguese sausage, nestled around the edges of the plate. The fried rice, packed underneath, has to be some of the best fried rice that I've ever had in this town. It had a bit of a unique sweet flavor to it, mixed in with some small bits of diced pork. I'm pretty sure this serving was good enough to feed 3-4 people. I stared at this modern marvel for a few seconds before I dug in. It was beautiful sight.Loco Moco - Another heavily portioned dish with a likewise amount of brown gravy, to boot. I sampled a bit of it. Not bad! the hamburger patty included with it was humongous, as expected. Loco Moco is much too heavy a dish for me to conquer on my own. I'd probably come back for this if I wanted to drown a day of depression in gravy.Huge portions, great flavors, friendly staff.. there's isn't much more I could want in a restaurant.
5	Tasty dishes + Huge portions + Low prices = Happy tummy & even Happier wallet.To top it off, staff is so friendly... Treats you like family!
5	I really needed to just say that their chicken Katsu loco moco with fried rice under neath and a sunny side egg.. Is definitely my death row last meal.This place is over 20 miles from my house BUT it's so good! I got here at about 8 with a friend and after seeing the help pictures, I had to order this dish.  And after my cousins recommendations,The portion is huge! It's a huge bowl, think pho bowl, with real quality pork fried rice on the bottom. This fried rice is so good! I'd eat it by itself. Then there's a heaping portion of chicken Katsu, the light brown gravy, and the egg on top.I like the option of having the egg cooked how you like, although I'm sure a true hawaain may correct me on the style the egg should be cooked.Everything was such good quality and although my mouth was willing, my stomache was not and I had to take half to go.The service was super fast and super nice and I overall loved this place.I'll definitely be back whenever I'm on the south west side of town.
4	This is probably the best Hawaiian food in all of Las Vegas! The food, staff, and atmosphere at Island Flavor bring me back to my vacations in Hawaii. You definitely have come here hungry as the portions are big enough to share or to have left overs. I always get the poke appetizer which is very fresh tuna. I usually also get a mixed plate which lets you get 2 different local favorites (either chicken katsu, beef teriyaki, chicken teriyaki, hamburger steak, shrimp, kalbi ribs, roast pork, chop steak, or korean chicken). The Loco Moco is also very good and on Fridays you can get the Hawaiian plate special with lau lau. Come hungry, hang out and relax to traditional hawaiian food that makes you feel like you are back on the islands.
4	tasty food and good size portions, homemade presentation and flavor.
4	This place may be small, but their portions are HUMOGENOUS. I order the loco moco chicken katsu and I only ate about an eighth of it. The prices are reasonable when you consider how much food you're actually getting. Can't wait to go back to try some other things bc everybody's dishes looked amazeballs!
4	Chantilly cake!!!!! SOOOO GOOD!!!!! really liked the Kalbi short ribs!!!  Definitely worth checking this place out when in Vegas!!  It's a little bit of Hawaii in Vegas!!
4	Seriously yummy Hawaiian food with very large sized portions.  So much fresher than other local competition.  I love chicken katsu loco moco and the Chantilly cake.  The poke is really good too.  I always do take out and my order is ready and waiting right on time.
5	Great food at a resonate price with large portions !
3	We ordered take out from this place, so I didn't get to experience the ambiance, but we were pleased with the food.In order of yummines, must eats in BOLD:CHICKEN KATSU LOCO MOCO - Breaded chicken over rice, under sauce and egg.  Very tasty.  Large portions.Chicken teriyaki salad - We ordered this just to get some greens in the mix.  The salad part was just OK.  But the chicken was super tender and flavorful.Ahi tuna poke - Basically a huge mound of tuna sashimi.  I liked it, but sure what makes it so special.===Would I come off the strip for this place?  Probably not.  But I might hit it up again if I'm visiting family in the area and craving Loco Moco.
5	Only in a Hawaiian restaurant is it endearing (and not tacky) when your server comes around, holding her baby while taking your food order ;)Seriously though, Island Flavor is legit! True Hawaiian food at its best!!! I found this restaurant through Yelp and it is worth the (less than) 20 minute drive from the strip. My boyfriend & I split the Furikake Poke, while he opted for the Fried Rice Omelet with Portuguese Sausage and I got the combo with KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) and Teri Beef.....Omgaaaah, so delicious (or should I say "ono"!) The portions were monstrous, but most importantly, the food was amazing.  I have been craving REAL Ahi Poke and I'm so glad I got to have my fix here! Huge chunks of fresh Ahi Poke sprinkled with Furikake mmm, it was perfect. I have also been on a Korean Fried Chicken kick recently, and Island Flavor definitely got it right. So crispy, juicy and garlicy! The Teri Beef was great quality (not thin or stringy at all) and the sweet sauce was the clincher. No lie, everything we ate was amazing....even the Mac salad and Guava Juice!I am definitely going to try to come here next time I'm in Vegas :) Now seriously, can we get a Hawaiian joint as good as this in So Cal? Enough L&L, I want an Island Flavor haha!
4	What is that you hear upon walking in.....locals speaking pidgin (FYI if you don't know what this is, google it!)..yup this place must be the real deal =)  Having lived in Hawaii for a brief period of time...the food here definitely compares to the plate lunches from the island.  My personal favorites are the korean chicken wings/drummettes and the fried poke plate!  Now, how do you fry poke...isn't the point for the fish to be raw?!....normally that is true but they serve a seared poke that I would describe as mini ahi tuna steak nuggets...served with a huge portion of rice and mac salad.   They offer to cook the poke all the way through, but don't do it unless you want to ruin your meal...just a light sear is all you need for the fish to have a melt in your mouth feel =)  I've also had the katsu loco moco (katsu covered with a fried egg and copious amounts of gravy) and this is not for the faint of heart....I believe my take out box felt like it weighed 5 lbs...this order quickly puts me into "droopy eyelid mode".....in other words food coma...so be forewarned.
5	I love this place! My local friends introduce me to Island Flavor and I have to say, the grinds = AMAZING! Plus the aunties are wonderful. The best in the mainland!!!My favorite dish is the Loco Moco. They're very generous with the gravy and the hamburger is enormous!LOVE LOVE LOVE Island Flavor!
5	Coming into this joint, and expecting to eat healthy is a definite no no. Small portions? Forget it. The Hawaiian moral code to eat plentiful, and well is sure to meet those standards here. I did decided to get the chicken teriyaki salad. One word. AMAZING! The portion was huge!!! It had these huge slices of purple yams which were fresh, sweet, and oh so delicious. The sesame dressing? To die for! And it makes a great combination with the greens on the salad and the chicken teriyaki on it. The service was great, and our waitress was very friendly. Our waitress did slide a few witty jokes here and there. She also enganged in starting small talk which I think was very nice and hospitable of her. The place is small, but I feel that the envorniment and homely atmosphere makes it appropriate for the place to be small, and decorated with very small and simple paintings and decoration.I see why it's a five star dine in experience. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!
5	So funny. After a day of Christmas shopping, I wanted to bring my mom to a local spot that we don't get to go to before because it's kinda of outta the way of our usual haunts.Came here and got their misoyaki opakapaka & my mom got their oxtail.I got the opakapaka bcuz I've gotten hounded by friends to try it; and I loved it but, was not expecting how big the filets of fish were going to be. Granted, I'm an idiot for even trying to complain about the size so I won't complain....it's just a shocker! I swear the fish filets were bigger than my fork. lolMom loved the oxtail. She said it made her heart warm. AWWW! lolShe said it's better than the oxtail from The California Hotel because the oxtail was all meat as opposed to The Cal's fatty oxtail. I liked how they had bok choy in their soup. Not something I've seen in other oxtails. Def adds to the specialty side of Island Flavors soup.The workers all loved my mom and kept asking her if she liked the soup. lol Idk what it is about my mom; whenever we go to these fam local style spots, they always wanna make sure my mom is good. Which is great....adds to the family style establishment they got going here =)Add this to another "MOTHER TESTED, MOTHER APPROVED" places my mom requires me to take her to in the future!
4	This ain't no L&L, this is the real deal! Every time I've eaten here the food has always been fresh and tasted authentic. I think their oxtail soup is as good as it gets when you don't want to trek to Downtown and visit the Cal. Honestly I feel the oxtail is much better here than the Cal. ;) Portion size is everything here, so you get what you pay for that's for sure.Now this place is located near Rhodes Ranch. I would say that 90% of their business is take out so the restaurant is never really busy. But if you do decide to eat there, it's a pretty laid-back place no fancy decorations. The owners add their own personal touch but displaying pictures of friends and family on the wall.
4	Decided to try out this place after reading so many positive reviews. After inputting the address realized it was much further than I thought... Just under 10 miles from my house.  The storefront had blacked out windows and I thought they were closed. Went inside and was blown away by the heat! It had to be over 90 degrees in there! Oh well hope my order doesn't take too long. Decided on Kalbi ribs and Teriyaki chicken. Also got an order of banana bread pudding and haupia cake. The portions were large. Both plates came with 2 scoops of rice and macaroni salad. Rice is rice and Mac salad was okay.. Kind of bland though. The Kalbi had great flavor ( I should know .. I'm Korean) but could've been a little more tender and was a little too fatty. I think the highlight was the chicken. They were super flavorful , tender and so juicy!!! The bread pudding was enough for 4 people and pretty yummy. The haupia cake was to die for !!! All in all I was pretty happy and would go again and try some other items on their menu. Just too far to go regularly.
4	Wow, the portions here is HUGE is all I have to say. I ordered their special of the day which was: Kalua Pig and cabbage, ahi poke, rice, macaroni,  salsa, and some kind of coconut dessert and man was it delicious. The Kalua pig was cook perfectly, soft and not salty at all. The ahi poke was fresh and very well marinated, the macaroni was good  love the big black pepers in there, and their dessert was the icing on the cake for me. I wasn't the fan of the salsa but that's just b/c I'm not an onion peron. I also shared the oxtail soup with my boyfriend and it was good, too much ginger flavor for me though but other than that I would totally come back here to eat if I'm ever in Vegas again.
4	I gave this place a try on my way home from Las Vegas.  Awesome kalbi short ribs!  The staff was nice and efficient.
4	Took my 7 year old to Island Flavor after picking him up from school yesterday. Overall have to say I was pleased. Having been in Vegas for ten years, I've seen 'local' food places come and go, and I hope this place sticks around awhile. Friendly island folks in the front of the house AND the kitchen (which is a rarity). Had the sweet & sour spare ribs off the daily specials menu. Didn't know what to expect, but first bite left me nodding in approval. Son liked the mini chicken katsu plate he ordered. Mac salad was good as well. We both shared an order of the coconut-pineapple ice cream, served with whip cream. Will definitely be back even if it is a bit of a drive from Summerlin.
4	The food here is wonderful!  I had the mixed plate of Kalbi and Chicken Katsu.  The Katsu was moist, crunchy and not oily.  The Kalbi was tender.  The mixed plate had three huge pieces of Kalbi, 10 pieces of Katsu, macaroni salad, and I paid extra to get their pork fried rice.  I took home a little more than half my food and it barely fit into the to go box!The servers were friendly.  But the reason I didn't give them four stars was because the service was SLOW!  We waited over 30 minutes for our food.  Granted they were busy but...All things considered, I'll definitely be making the drive to try more of their food.If you are in the SW definitely visit Island Flavor!
5	My boyfriend brought me here and I LOVE IT!! I cant wait to go again, food was great!! No doubt about it, you have to try this place!!
4	This place is amazing.  I've been coming here for a little over a year now and have been meaning to review this place.  First off Momma at the counter is a fun and funny as anyone I've ever met.  The service is a bit slow so I factored that into the rating but not in a bad way.  Just in a you need to ask them for it if you want it way.  But they are always, always happy to get it for you.My favorite is the Chicken Katsu Moco Loco.   My girl likes the Kalua Pig and Cabbage.  We have also tried the  Moco Loco, Chicken Katsu, Kalbi, Chicken Teriyaki, and Poke.  Everything is magnificent.  I have to admit, somedays the seasoning seems to be off.  Either not salty enough or too spicy.  This only tells me everything is being made fresh and it shouldn't bother me but it does.Still I give high marks to this place and like I said I've been hitting this place up 2-3 times a month.
4	This place is definitely a gem in Las Vegas. The food is absolutely delish, especially the gravy! The portions are definitely HUGE! We ordered 2 dishes to take out for the 2 of us and lasted us 3 meals. Wish we tried this place earlier as it is so close to our home.
5	I'm from Hawaii so when I crave Hawaiian BBQ it needs to hit home. The location is perfect since I live in the area. A plus is that this is a family owned business so you see the same friendly faces when you go in. My personal favorite the loco moco. The beef patty reminds me of a well seasoned and cooked meatloaf. My second favorite is the teryaki chicken the marinade isn't salty and its actually cooked on a grill. I hate those Hawaiian "barbecue" place that cook their meat on flat tops. The flavor profile of meat cooked on the grill is irreplaceable. The desserts here are delicious and huge so order one for the table and share away. Highly recommend  this place. The only downside is that they are closed Sunday and Monday but I guess they need days off too :)
5	yes yes yes, big island ono grinds!!! my cousins and i got three plates and shared everything. and i had to get my ultimate fav: lilikoi passion fruit juice to chase everything down with. mmmmm! my mouth waters just thinking about that juice!now onto the food: i ordered the hawaiian plate which included lau lau, rice, mac salad, haupia, salmon lomi lomi, and tako poke. and my cousins ordered the chicken katsu loco moco and two item plate special with kalbi ribs and teri chicken. the loco moco gravy is like no other i've tasted before, and with the chicken katsu, to die for! the teri chicken was standard, but not dry to a plus in my book. the kalbi ribs were just right, and the lau lau made my freakin' trip! a little bit of pork for the fattyness and flavor and chicken for variety. add some hot sauce on everything, and i was damn good to go!if there is one complaint, they were a little slow. but since i now live in nyc, i'm used to being super rushed. i've forgotten what it's like to be laid back and relax! i def need to fix that one, maybe a trip back to visit nanang and tatang in kalihi?!all the food was delicious and i would eat here all the time if it wasn't for these three factors: i don't live in las vegas or anywhere near it; if not eating it all day everyday would make me a fatass, literally; and i need variety in my life when it comes to food. i can't just have hawaiian food for the rest of my life. but it's not to say that if it was all there was left to eat in this world, that i wouldn't be happy as all hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	The best Ive had in a long time! They treated us like family and the food was wonderful. Finally a place w/ island style portions and recipes! I will be using the service I just received as a model for the restaurant I manage. Thanks Island Flavor
5	So a little back story about this place.  The owners, aunty Maile and uncle Bruce once owned a place called Big Island Grill in Kailua-Kona, HI...my hometown.  I know this family because my dad used to belong to a motorcycle club with uncle Bruce.  They moved up to Vegas for personal reasons and opened Island Flavor.  Trust me though, my connection to them has NOTHING to do with my 5 stars.  Their food is what I'm used to, what I love and what I crave for when I want Hawaiian-local food.  Because I live on the Southeast side of town, I seldom visit this restaurant.  Tonight was the first time I've been there in almost 6 months.  Here's what I had and also what I've had before:Oxtail Soup- As we say in Hawaii, "BROKE DA MOUTH!"  So delicious.  Tender oxtail, accompanied with ginger, carrots, celery and onions.  They don't put pine nuts in it like the California Hotel does, but nevertheless, very good!  They put white rice on the side which I end up throwing into the soup for a well rounded meal in my books!Chicken Katsu- Like everything else in this place, the portion sizes are out of this world!!  You pay about $10 for this dish, but you get $10 worth of food.  I've had a lot of chicken katsus in my life as this is one of my top five dishes of all time.  Let me say that this one of the top three BEST chicken katsu dishes I've had.  The panko breading is super crispy and best of all, they use dark meat!  Yum-o and AH-MAZE-ING!Specials I've had in the past:  Misoyaki Opakapaka- OH EM GEE!  If you ever have been fortunate in your life to try this snapper and misoyaki (miso-teriyaki type) sauce, you would agree that the combination is heavenly!  I was never disappointed by this dish.  Always delivered "on point!" The best part: Two HUGE fillet portions in one order!  It's like a plate of never-ending heavenly amazingness!Mud Pie- Don't take this the wrong way, but I'd say you will have a food orgasm with this ending (or beginning, depending on when you eat it!).  Start off with a great foundational Oreo cookie crust, then a gigantic wedge of Kona coffee ice cream and topped off with more crushed Oreos.  This dessert is accompanied with a raspberry and lemon drizzle which appeals to all 5 senses! LOL  Cheesy, but sooo true.  I literally have dreams about this dessert!Let me finish off by saying that for the lack of frequecies in my visits, I am always pleasantly greeted by Aunty Maile when I arrive as well as uncle Bruce, who's stationed in the kitchen window.  Their waitstaff include Leilani, a friend from back home and Jasmine, a dear friend of mine.  With all this love, how could you not feel like you were part of the family?!
4	I wouldnt give you a five star yet, just because you have a little piece of heaven in kona coffee mud pie. The food here is humongous. I ordered one item for the two of us just because we are asian and dont really eat hawaian portion kind of food.So far, we ate the katsu loco moco, the korean chicken wings and the kalbi. Nothing over the top. Loco moco is huge with lots of gravy, chicken wings to sweet and kalbi too chewy. Their dessert though is probably the best in the desert. Absolutely must try.
5	We loved this place, I had the shoyu chicken and my husband had beef ribs both dishes were onolicious, very large portionsand the poke was winnas, .  We will be back in April to try the desserts.
3	After reading the reviews in LV Weekly, decided to try..although it is about 25 miles away from home.  From Hawaii, and miss the food back home.  Portion size varies.. On the mixed plates, they were generous but BF ordered Teri beef and portion was small.  Laulau had lots of meat but missed the taste of the butterfish that you get back home. Ahi poke was very fresh.  Korean chicken wings were not crispy. Macaroni salad disappointing. Service is slow and waitress is missing the aloha spirit. Prices are higher than the other Hawaiian food places.  Would return there again for the poke but for the rest of the menu...I can find it closer to home.
5	Former Hawaii residents that now call Vegas home recommended that I try Island Flavor. Well I did, and it lived up to every review I've read. I don't know one person that didn't like their experience or food at the restaurant. It's true, IT IS THE BEST HAWAIIAN /LOCAL FOOD IN LAS VEGAS. (I've tried several others) I ordered the Hawaiian plate with kalua pig & cabbage (lau lau was sold out) it was good, they give ALOT of food, however I'm here to rave about their desserts. THE KONA MUD PIE IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER TASTED. Food Orgasm is an understatement, also the GUAVA CAKE omg...THE BEST. The Poke...hella fresh. It's sad we have to go to Vegas to eat the best poke, kona mud pie, and guava cake. I'm from Maui and we have nothing that comes close to that. I'll definately go back to Island Flavor whenever I go back to Vegas. HANA HOU!!
4	A tad bit pricey but the poke is good...
4	A large group of us dined here to celebrate a friend's birthday. I had heard tons of good things and couldn't wait to get my plate of food. Since we were such a large group it took a bit to come out, but the wait was well worth it! The portion sizes were ridiculously huge, so I had enough for both lunch and dinner!I got a combination plate with the Hawaiian roasted pork and the Teriyaki beef. The roasted pork is something dreams are made of! It is almost like turkey, but slices of fork tender pork covered in the most delicious brown gravy. This was the highlight of my meal and the white rice just balanced out each bite. The teriyaki beef was also good, a little chewy, but I loved the sauce. I also tried the Chicken Katsu covered in the Korean chicken sauce. It was crispy and delicious! I wasn't a fan of their mac salad, although I tried it a couple of times just to be sure.  Now, Island Flavor really excels at dessert! They get their cakes from the bakery next door and they are seriously out of this world. The Chantilly cake is beyond amazing! Run, seriously run now and get a piece. It is the most moist and delicious chocolate cake. I also enjoyed a piece of the guava cake today! It has the best whipped cream frosting which makes each bite so delicate. This is definitely the pinnacle of Hawaiian food in Las Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
5	Yesterday was an epic random celebratory luncheon.  Try saying that 5 times. LOL. We all know how I feel about this place.  Love it.  The food is total comfort.  The staff is AH-MAZE-ING.  I truly feel like I'm back home in Kona, Hawaii when I come here.  Partly because the owners and most of the staff is also from my hometown.  The ONLY suggestion I have for this place is to expand.  Either expand the current location or expand to another location on the east side of town.  When we arrive, there was a wait and the entire restaurant was filled.  Maika'i Island Flavor!  Business is booming.  I got the mix plate for 10.50- In my mix, I chose the chicken katsu dip and roast pork.  The chicken katsu is perfectly breaded and then drenched in their Korean sauce.  SOOOO GOOOD!!!  THE BEST chicken katsu I've had.  Every time.  The roast pork.  Believe me when I say that the roast pork outshined the katsu for me.  Tender, marbleized and served with a light brown gravy.  I didn't want that dish to stop for me!For dessert, I got the Kona coffee mud pie slice for $5.50 and the Chantilly cake slice for $5.00.  The price sounds a little steep but trust me, you get your monies worth.  These cakes are served with whipped cream and both, a raspberry and lemon drizzle.  I'm in heaven.  The Chantilly cake is like a German chocolate without the coconut and the mud pie is an orgasm in your mouth LOL.  The Oreo cookie crust held this monumental slice of heaven together.  Although everyone at the table got so many different things, my cousin got the shoyu poke which I have to rave about.  This poke was accompanied with onions, green onions and soy sauce.  If you've ever had the fortunate opportunity to try poke, you need to get this dish.  The raw chunks of tuna were fresher than fresh.  The soy sauce was perfect for the dish. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.This place always does it for me.  It's a shame I never go as often as I should because of the travel time.  When I do though, I'm always confident that my entire experience will top notch!
5	i was craving for some good island food today and i wanted to try this...OMG its freaking awesome! whoever gives this less than 3 stars are probably just hard to please because when i was there, it was packed and we all know what that means. the staff were very friendly, esp this one younger waitress who was so kind i just had to give her a 35% tip. i felt so bad how she was running all over the place trying to tend to everyone while still having a smile on her face. food was delicious and at first i thought it was a bit steep but it was worth it because it was so yummy and theyre not stingy w/ the portions either. that was some freaking great teriyaki steak! and i was sooooo glad they cooked it perfectly for me w/out even me asking for...it was served medium rare w/ their delicious sauce all over it. i wish the service was a little faster but it seems everything here is made fresh. i would definitely go back.
4	Went with my family during spring break. The family enjoyed the food - portions are huge! The staff was friendly to us and appreciated that they were on our must try list while on vacation.Thumbs up on the Korean Fried Chicken (loved the flavor, would have loved it more if it was boneless white meat used instead of the wings - like they do in Hawaii). The Hawaiian roast pork was on point! The Chantilly cake was good - satisfied the craving. I still like Liliha Bakery's Chantilly cake better.Will definitely come back if I'm in the area again.
4	Came here with my buddy and his wife.  I thought it was decent for lunch on a friday.  Cheap deals (lunch special).  Portion is very generous and the roast pork is amazing.  Reminds me of Hawaii.  Service was wonderful and the place is clean.  Parking is great, big lot.
4	The food was great, the loco moco was very filling and the gravy was tasty and complimented the dish well, thick burger patty! Once you walk into this restaurant, you immediately get a good vibe feeling that the food is going to be good. The drive from the airport or downtown may seem long, but It's located just before it seems like its off the beaten path...bring your gps
5	Don't mind me I'm just going to start listing items you just got to try here.Fried Rice Omelet plate is huge perfect for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Comes with a large portion of fried rice with pieces of char siu mixed in, topped with an omelet of who knows how many eggs, and also thick slices of Portuguese sausage.Kalbi short ribs mighty tasty and probably the thickest cuts of Kalbi here. Not the best for those who are dieting.Shoyu ahi poke very tasty perfect on it own or with beer on a hot day while grilling. Katsu loco moco, I know weird huh. I've seen it all over the place but never thought of trying a non-hamburger loco moco. I've been missing out its actually pretty good. I guess whenever I'm feeling like loco moco I'll order regular hamburger most times and every other time swap out for a non traditional loco moco.Huge slice of Kona Coffee Mud pie and other cakes and desserts. If you still have room for this congratulations to you.  Just like their plates, their desserts are big and delicious.Last but not least the Hawaiian plate which is only offered Fridays, is the best way to end the work week and to start the weekend. The only day of the week they have lau lau on the menu. It comes with two scopes of rice, lau lau, lomi lomi salmon, ahi poke, mac salad, and haupia. This is probably the best Hawaiian plate you can get in Vegas and it's getting so popular that they sometimes run out, from what I've heard, thankfully I haven't ran into that problem yet. Reason why I mentioned it last, I want mine LOL.
5	Grew up on Hawaiian food, and lived on Big island and Oahu, despite I'm a Cali and Vegas boy. This is the best in town. Been to almost every one. Forget the nearby L&L and Ohanas.. Go here! One time they gave me free chantilly since my order took ridiculously long. I declined, but they insisted! I just wanted the food!!! Only once the LauLau was too salty, but other than than never had a problem, and food was always good..
5	Come hungry , be prepared for great food and the buttons off your pants to pop off! You will be reminded of the taste of the island!  A friend recommended this restaurant and without a doubt this is one of the best recommendations!We are hooked on Aloha Fridays (the only day lau lau is served).  Once they run out their out!  The Kalua Pig and cabbage, Chicken Katsu  and Kalbi Short Ribs are one (and many more) of our favorites.  The Hawaiian Style Saimin soup comes with everything (not like other places that charge extra for wontons or vegetables, crazy!?).  Island Flavor also caters to customers who rather have steak.  The top sirloin and rib eye are served to perfection (tender and juicy) as though it was cooked in a gourmet steakhouse.Now if you have a sweet tooth for good dessert, this is also the place!  Their Chantilly, Hopia and Guava cakes are to die for! Kona Coffee Mud pie and banana bread pudding are also a must to taste.  You will savor every taste by flavoring each layer of awesome goodness.The servings are mammoth and the price is worth every penny, especially when you have enough for another meal the next day!Island Flavor has such a welcoming atmosphere.  The staff is extremely friendly and attentive!  As often as we eat here, we came in as customers and leave as their friends.
5	YUMMY GUAVA CHIFFON CAKE = 5 STARS!!!!Andrea's World of Cakes located right next door to Island Flavor makes the cakes that are sold here....So, if you would like to order more than a slice go next door because you can get a good sized cake for a good price.Guava Chiffon Cake is easy to come by on the islands but so rare to find here in Vegas so I'm so happy that if I'm craving a yummy slice of Guava Chiffon Cake I can just come to Island Flavor (just not on Sundays and Mondays- Boo Hoo )....**Inside Island Flavor they removed the sushi bar (from the previous buisness) from the middle of the room and it's much more spacey - Good call Island Flavor**
3	This was my first time trying Hawaiian bbq, and I must say, that while I enjoyed the flavors and tastes, I felt the execution was rather poor.While we didn't have to wait for a table (party of 2-myself and my boyfriend), we did wait an extremely long time for a server to come take our drink orders. They seemed very understaffed for a Friday afternoon/early evening. Our server was very nice, and she even brought out a sample of their special stew for me to try, and she gave me props for even trying it, considering I'd never had Hawaiian food before. I ended up ordering a combination plate with chicken katsu and beef teriyaki. After the waitress took our food orders, a rather large party of 10 or so people came in, and she asked us if we would mind moving to another table to accomodate the party (pushing the tables/chairs together), so we moved, and she said she would give us dessert on the house, which I thought was really nice of her.We ended up waiting around 40 minutes for our food. I was starving at this point. They must have been short staffed in the kitchen as well. I dug in to my food the second I got it. Their macaroni salad was divine. I have never had macaroni salad that tasted that good before; it was this creamy and salty sensation that hit all the right taste buds. I wish I had more of it. Their rice was just as amazing. I felt like I could have eaten 4 scoops of it instead of 2. The entrees weren't as good as I hoped. The chicken were cut into huge pieces, which I thought was a plus, but that katsu sauce was extremely salty and potent. I only put a dab onto each piece and it still overpowered the chicken completely. I didn't care for the sauce at all. It was so salty and meaty tasting (probably loaded with MSG) that it made me dislike the dish. I had better hope for the beef teriyaki, but that let me down as well. It was again, extremely salty, almost to the point of where I couldn't eat it. The meat wasn't cooked uniformly, some pieces were immensely rare, and others were extremely well done. The meat was also very fatty, and I didn't enjoy having to constantly cut off the fatty parts from the meaty parts.The meal was really saved by dessert. Their mud pie was so huge! I have never seen one like that before. It was covered in whipped cream (yum), nuts, and a duo of caramel and chocolate sauces along with a drizzle of honey. It was perfection. I wanted to eat all of it, but alas, my stomach is only so big. I savored the parts with the crust the most, but this was definitely one of the best desserts I've ever had the pleasure of eating.Overall, the service was good, the wait times were atrocious, and the food was hit or miss; thus, deserving of 3 stars.
5	Good food and good service.
4	Outstanding, authentic local style grinds. The portion sizes are LARGE, so go hungry. The chicken katsu was the best I have tried in Las Vegas. The lau lau (only available on Friday) was the only disappointment. It was small and the pork was very dry. Other than that, no complaints.
5	You're just too good to be trueCan't take my mind off of youTropical food in L-VDesert oasis, you seePortions big on plate lunchOh how I loved it a bunchYou're just too good to be trueCan't take my mind off of youPardon the way that I eatSuch island flavors on meatChicken 'yaki sweet and sourChopped steak I quickly devourKalbi ribs were just fineHOISIN RIBS so divineYou're just too good to be trueCan't take my mind off of youI love you 'FlavaYour food is outta sightI need you 'FlavaOn a hot Vegas nightI love you 'FlavaTrust in me when I sayOh Island FlavorYou beat all the buffetsOh Island FlavorYou truly do amazeAnd so I Yelp! you 'FlavaLet me Yelp! you...You're just too good to be trueCan't take my mind off of youHaupia cake so creamy lightGuava cake a delightOpakapaka salad so freshBrought goosebumps to my fleshYou're just too good to be trueCan't take my mind off of you I love you 'FlavaYour food is outta sightI need you 'FlavaOn a hot Vegas nightI love you 'FlavaTrust in me when I sayOh Island FlavorYou beat all the buffetsOh Island FlavorYou truly do amazeAnd so I Yelp! you 'FlavaLet me Yelp! you...
5	if you want a taste of real hawaiian food this the the place to go..any local from islands will free right at home here. There is no haole inspired terriyaki chicken with pineapple at this place..true katsu, authentic short ribs, home made mac salad..and the portion size arein true hawaiian tradition...I have eaten here over a dozen times and the place is familly run..so you feel like you are going to a bbq at an aunties house rather than a formal dining place..which is awesome for family dinners with a 4yr old..the ladies that work the night shifts call my daughter by name and treat her like their own little neice..letting her order herself and occasionally getting a free ice cream if she is a good girlThe food here is not low-fat by any means..but if you want some amazing hawaiian comfort food here you go..this place is run laid-back island style..so go here to just cruise and relax not if your on a time schedule..this is not the place to get in and out for a quick bite..its a place to bring the whole ohana and talk story of some ono grinds...its a place to remember that a meal is a time to make memories and share family values while breaking bread..not a place to just feed your stomach when your hungry..i feel like I am back home in da islands everytime we come heregotta try the short-ribsmixed plateribeye steakkorean chicken katsu dipand the chantilly cake..omgnothing on this menu is small portioned or prepared wrong..you can tell the food is made with family love..so go enjoy some Aloha!!
4	The BF and I were near a friends house and about to beer fest so we needed some food to buffer it. We shared a combo plate of Korean chicken and the Hawaiian pork w/ gravy (which we added a egg to make it into a loco moco). The korean chicken are crispy little wings and drumlettes with a really tasty sweet and tangy sauce. That would be awesome if you can order a bucket of these like how chicken wings places serve it because we could definitely eat more of these. The pork wasn't shredded like I expected but slices off a big roast. It was a bit dry, but the flavor was pretty good. Wish we ordered just the Korean chicken, but we've never been here so wanted to try more than one thing. The serving was plentiful for both of us so the portions here on the heavy side of things. I read a lot of positive reviews for their cakes so we decided to get a Haupia cake. That was really delicious. the layers of cake was moist and light, had a good custard, nice coconut flavor that wasn't overpowering. If this was a place near our house I think I would come more often for cake than food. The server was full of Hawaiian hospitality and checked on us often. I can see why people like this place but it is far for us to ever make a point of coming here more than once in a while. If you're in the SW area though, this is better places to eat in the neighborhood.
5	Located in a strip mall with plenty of parking, this place appears to have expanded from one store front to two.  The photos on the wall don't appear to be the same kitchen pass through window.  I can see why this place has 200+ reviews and a high average.  This is no fluke. This is not 200 friends of restaurant yelp-up this place.  The food is just incredible and it's not that expensive.  I had the kalbi and slow cooked pork combo with a side salad.  I knew this was going to be good when the side salad rocked.  The freshest romaine lettuce I have ever seen in Vegas with fresh tomatoes, cucumber and a slice of bean cake.  A creamy sesame dressing with crispy wonton chips made a starter for what's to come.  The mac salad was very good.  The kalbi was tender on the outter region and nice and flavorful chewy near the bone.  You get 9 bones in this order.  The bbq is really good and has a slight char for more flavor.  The slow cooked pork was tender on the inside and chewy on the outside where the heat dries out the meat into a nice chewy texture. Not quite a chicharone texture, but almost.  The table next to me got the pokii and it looked fantastic.  I'm definitely coming back with my friends who are arriving to Vegas later.  This place is for real and the chef is doing things right.
4	LOVED this place!!!Great food, really nice employees, no Las Vegas strip attitude!Loco Moco: BOMBKorean Chicken: BOMBRoasted Pork with gravy: eh, OK. (wouldn't get it again)Katsu dipped in Korean Chicken Sauce: BOMBToo bad they didn't have Poke when we visited. :(Would I go back here again? HELL YEAH!
5	After going to Oahu this summer for a conference, I was super excited to find a good Hawaiian restaurant near where I live here in Vegas.  For those of you that know and have been to Rainbow Drive In on Oahu, you will surely be a fan of this place.First off I have to say that the portions here are HUGE!!!! So come hungry or be prepared to share or take a doggy bag home.  The mixed plate comes with your choice of two items off the menu, along with 2 scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad.  I've had the Portuguese bean soup, the Kahlua pork and cabbage, the Hawaiian style roast pork, and the chicken Katsu, and all were delicious.  Both times the pork has been done perfectly, tender and still juicy, which was a nice surprise.  I also liked the brown gravy that they served the roast pork with, it added just the right amount of richness to the dish.  I've also tried the lomi lomi salmon, and it was tasty too, but I'm just not a huge fan of salmon so I didn't think that much of it overall.The service here is great, and the ladies, when they're not run off their feet, are happy to chat with you, and play do we know anyone in common from back on the islands.  Prices are great considering the amount of food you get here.  Overall, I say go go go if you want a taste of real Hawaiian food.
4	This place works! If you're in the mood for Hawaiian cuisine in Las Vegas, stop in. This place is definitely off the strip, which is always a plus in my book. Our party had the Korean ribs, Chopped steak, Roast pork, Kalua Pig, Korean chicken, Fried rice omelet, and Fried poke salad. I did sample all of the dishes and would say they are all great with the exception of the pork dishes. I am a big pork fan, so I am particular of pork dishes. Having had Kalua pig in Hawaii I would say it did not meet my expectations. It wasn't as smoky as I would have liked to be, and it was lacking a bit in the flavor department. Other than that, it was a good meal.  Will be back again.
5	From OC. First time here. Friday night. Surprised to see live Hawaiian music and hula. Was tempted to dance when the guitarist asked if there were any other hula dancers out there but didn't want to embarrass myself since I'm so rusty.  Ordered the roast pork loco moco. The serving size was huge!  I couldn't finish it so I doggie bagged it. 3 girls from a local halau did a nice hula auana. Made me want to do hula again. Anyways this is a great place to eat with friendly people and a friendly atmosphere.
4	I came here with my parents after we went to look at a house in a nearby neighborhood off of Durango. It's about 15-20 mins off the strip, so I would only come if I were in the area.Upon arriving to the complex, it looks dark and like everything is closed. Once you open the doors to the restaurant, there's so much light and space!When we came in, the two waitresses were busy with other customers, so they told us to sit wherever. We also had to get our own menus since we were in a hurry. I'm used to the type of service where they pamper you and can get annoying by asking you too many questions. This was the complete opposite, but the waitresses were super sweet so I can't complain! Plus since I told them that we were sharing, they brought out an extra plate. Some places you have to remind or specifically ask for a plate.The portions are HUGE and extremely filling! We got the Teriyaki Beef (I'm not sure exactly the name) and the Chicken Katsu Moco Loco. It came out relatively quickly. Each plate came with the respective meats, two scoops of rice, and a scoop of macaroni salad. My mom and I shared the Chicken Katsu plate, which had chicken that was deliciously crunchy and well-made and came with some sort of BBQ sauce on the side. The macaroni salad was also good; it is light and a good complement to the flavorful food. My dad's Teriyaki beef was good and reminded me of Korean BBQ. It was slightly salty and too flavorful for my liking, but if you mixed it in with the rice, it was much better. We saw some other people get the Korean short ribs, which looked awesome so if we're in the area, we're definitely getting it!The prices were relatively cheap! It was around $9-12 for a plate with meat, rice, and macaroni salad. I'm not sure what the poke was, but it was listed three times on the menu, each time ranging around $17-20, which deterred me from ordering it.Summary: Good (tasty food and pretty good service) Bad (far from strip and not too visually appealing building)
5	We had the chicken katsu loco moco and the beef teriyaki steak for 20. - BEST hawaiian food ever. OMG. i was so excited to see my loco moco bowl in the size of a PHO bowl.. ~_____~- Not stingy with rice or egg! being filipino, i need a lot of rice. lol. loco moco is filled with rice and covered with chicken katsu! then they put the gravy and 2 EGGS! Bachi burger gives you some ox tail fries with one egg. lame...- teriyaki steak was packed with lots of flavor. a bit too much, to be honest. you have to eat a lot of rice to balance it out. - No water refills?? slackin..ahem..cough..throat..take girlfriend's water. :)BTW, change the time BC they close at 9:30PM!!!!!!!!!
5	Aloha Friday laulau plate with the butterfish was a real winnah. Customer service was down right island style.
5	I had to come back to bring my family (6), on a wednesday evening. I ordered the mix plate: short ribs and roast pork. My family had all sorts of things..I remember it being pretty cheap, 70?- This place doesn't FAIL. GREAT FOOD!- It was still sunny outside, no curtains. sun beaming on face. tinted windows aren't tinted enough. lol- short ribs were tasty! some fat. 3 huge pieces.- I take that back. the Roast pork was a fail. tasted like roast beef. It had gravy on it. tons of fat..- My sister had another pork dish. Now that was really good. I recommend that over the roast pork. she also had, i think, fried chicken. very crispy!- My dad had the Ox tail soup. it was delicious. it reminded me of nilaga, a filipino soup. - My brother-in-law had the loco moco and the patty was HUGE!!! He's like an MMA fighter, big appetite, and he still couldn't finish that. lol.- I shared my meal with my gf. SHARING IS CARING! taste everyone's food :)
4	GIANT-SIZED PORTIONS!Thank goodness my sis-in-law and I split our food because the portions are seriously large enough to feed two people.We ordered their chicken katsu loco moco, which I have never seen on a menu back in Seattle. Everything in this dish was perfect! I love how the katsu had the right amount of crispiness to it. I definitely would order this again for my next visit...and come on an empty stomach.  I also ordered a side of their mac salad and I wasn't a fan of it. It had a little bit of a sweetness to it and I personally didn't like that.For dessert, we and two other people at our table split a piece of their guava cake. So GOOD! I'm glad we ended dinner on that note.
4	Have you been looking for a great Hawaiian food? Then you found the right place! I've been here several times already and Island never fails to serve great Hawaiian dishes in huge portions.  You can get a combo plate and two people can share it.  So far we've tried the kalbi ribs, Korean chicken, loco moco, tonkatsu, opaka paka salad, shoyu chicken and the guava cake and they were all awesome!Servers were also very very friendly and attentive.The only con I can think of is the macaroni salad. It was missing something and can't figure it out. We will be back!
5	Delicious food, very reasonably priced and great friendly service.  We're looking forward to the live music on Friday nights!
5	Yelp 365 Challenge #150/365 (Operation Rice / Las Vegas Adventures)FOR THE WIN!!!In my previous review, I shared that we had an all day that was busy at the Adventuredome then watching the Fountains at the Bellagio. By the time that we reached our vacation rental it was past 8:00 and I asked everyone what did they want to eat for dinner?Everyone replied, "Anything with rice"So, of course, I opened up my trusty Yelp app and typed in local food.Well, waddaya know...there was a local food restaurant, "Island Flavor" RIGHT DOWN THE ROAD.If I wanted to weep with joy because I didn't have to drive very far!I wanted to weep further because their menu made our stomachs growl happily.I called up the restaurant to place a takeout order. I shared with her that all the plates were all rice instead of salad. She was really friendly and then asked if we ate brown rice too? I though they ran out of white rice and it didn't bother us to where I shared her that we did. But, she said, "No, I'm going to give you that in a container on the side too." After placing the order, she shared that they close at 10 and if I got there before then and the door was locked, I could just knock on the window and they'll open up for me. If you live near Durango, this place is very easy to find. Sure enough the door was locked but they let us in. After we paid for our food and was loading it up in the car, she came out and told us to wait because they were also including haupia with our plates. YES!!! I didn't win no jackpot but we got some good eats from Island Flavor!!!When we brought the food in the kitchen, everyone just wanted to swoon not only because there was rice but the portions were HUGE.Loco Moco: The hamburger and eggs practically filled the entire plate oozing with gravy.Kalua Pig and Cabbage: This plate was HEAVY because it was loaded with kalua pig and cabbage.Kalbi Short Ribs: Oh my heavens...if you were ordering this plate in Hawaii, you would have three regular size pieces that were cut on the thin side. But, Island Flavor didn't give me three...they gave me FIVE THICK PIECES.Along with these plates, they included shoyu and whatever brings warm fuzzies to a local person who loves local island food. Breakdown of Island Flavor:Food: The menu is extensive. Poke maybe on the pricey side BUT since this is the desert, you have to expect it. Overall, the menu caters to everyone who is visiting or moved to Vegas from the 808 state. I thought it would be like L&L or Loco Moco but nope, their flavors are more of the homecooked style that makes you miss your family back at home in Hawaii.Customer Service: FILLED WITH ALOHAPrices: Reasonable especially because the portions are HUGELocation: Easy to findRestaurant / Ambiance: Just right, clean and family friendlyRecommendation: FIVE STARS...it is a must go-to for anyone who never tried but wants to try local food from Hawaii, 808 visitors or 808 people who moved to Vegas and just misses the food from the islands.
1	Very disappointed! If I had reviewed this before I'm sure they would of gotten 5 stars but after tonight's visit they deserve only 1 for overall service. I used to be quite a regular here, so much that the waitress already knew what I was going to order and she welcome me with a glass of lilikoi as I walked thru the door. Today's visit was quite the contrary; as I walked thru the door the older lady turned her back to us but I simply went straight to an open table. A few minutes passed as we waited and another couple walked in thru the door, the older lady was delivering food to a table and she stood there to have a 6 minute conversation with the table (I was looking at my watch) not giving any aloha's that we were going on almost a 15 minute wait and that there was customers standing at the entrance. After the long conversation, the older lady decided to sit down the couple and hand them some menus. My mom had to get up and ask the older lady for some menus after she sat back down the phone rang and she totally forgot about us. The younger waitress that's always there came out from the back and I calmly asked her for menus for a second time - let me just state that there was only two other tables that were already eating, the place was not packed for such lack of customer service! - still no menus came! The older lady walked to the back twice more and brought the table next to us a to go box and even decided to take the couple's order that had walked in after us. Finally! She decided to bring us the menus. I ordered a lilikoi and my mom a sprite, the older lady looked at my mom like she was dumb! She turned to me and tapped my menu with her hand and asked what my mom had said like she was non existent and she didn't know what Sprite is AND to tap my menu as I was reading demanding to know what she wanted!!! How freaking rude??? Apparently, they don't carry Sprite but Sierra Mist. Either way she could of said that, my mom looked at her like ok? where are your drinks on the menu? She snatched the menu off my mom's hand and turned it to the back but that menu was missing the back page! She didn't even apologize! My blood was boiling at this point. I opened the menu and realized that the ahi poke I'm a regular for is now $18 from the $8.95 it used to be! If you can't afford an item on the menu, take it off don't double the price. The price was modified with a piece of tape. I about had it so I grabbed my keys and we walked out the door made me lose my appetite!
5	laulau today and new this time for me chicken katsu loco moco. excellent. not a ton of chicken but certainly enough!
3	I have only eaten Hawaiian food about three other times at L&L Hawaiian BBQ. I wasn't very impressed with their food at all but I thought it was because it was more of a fast food restaurant. I read all the great reviews about Island Flavor and was anxious to give it a shot. The restaurant itself is clean and the staff is pretty friendly. I ordered the Hawaiian Special which was LauLau with a side of fried rice, macaroni salad, some fish and tomatoes, and a creamy white dessert. LauLau is tender BBQ'd pork served in some type of edible leaf. I was told the leaves were edible so I cut it all up and added the house bbq sauce. The leaf was very bitter and odd tasting. It completely ruined the flavor of EVERYTHING else that was in my mouth so I moved as much of it aside as I could. After that, the meal wasn't horrible, but it didn't really impress me either. My friend ordered the saimin which is a bowl of ramen in broth and sprinkled with egg, imitation seafood and vegetables. He told me the broth was incredibly bland. Needless to say, I don't think that we will be keeping this place on our list of incredible places to eat.
4	Listen to all you HAWAIIANS or locals out here in Vegas....this is the best place to get your grinds.  I went last night and found out that it's either Hawaiian Hale if you want homemade lau lau but if you want poke, roast pork, fried rice, port saus and eggs, go to this place.  There Saimin is the best so far I have had here in Vegas.  True story.  Check it out. Not that L & L garbage. No mahus either.
5	Oxtail heaven!The only reason I went here was for the oxtail soup. I didn't need to look at the rest of their menu because oxtail was all I cared for. I'm sure their other dishes are delicious but I'm here to talk about that damn soup. I've had oxtail soup at home, at casinos, at other Hawaiian eateries, but none of them were as good as the one here (sorry mom!). It came with four, big, meaty servings of oxtail per order. It also had vegetables to actually eat and not just as garnish. The order came with two whopping scoops of rice and macaroni salad. I honestly couldn't finish it all. For dessert the waitress recommended their new guava cake. At first I was a little apprehensive, but I finally gave in. Thank goodness I agreed on ordering the guava cake since it was THE BEST CAKE I've ever tasted ever!! It was moist and you can definitely taste the guava flavor. It was sweet but not overly too sweet. sigh. It was heavenly. I looked around to check up on other people's food and let me just tell you their servings are huge! This place takes their food seriously. I've tried my friends dish and it was packing with flavor, melt in your mouth goodness. If ever I'm craving Hawaiian food again, there's no other place to go to but here.
5	I always love the family restaurant feeling and food here. All the employees always ask you how you are and how you like the food. Better to be asked a lot then not asked at all.I also love the food and like everything that ive tried. Although if you want spam musubi call and ask before 11 am they run out fast!
5	I should order something else other than the Terriyaki Chicken. I can't help it, I really like the taste. Oh, and if the Opakapaka fish is available (seasonal), try it! Like most fish, it's expensive, but it's my favorite. And yes, big portions.
4	After reading the reviews and looking at the pictures of the island, local grinds served, I convinced my work to order lunch for pickup, boss to pay for it and so glad I did. I ordered a katsu chicken loco moco which was infused with great island flavors, which consist of plenty steam rice, katsu chicken seasoned well with a nice breaded crunch, topped with  2 over medium eggs and indulged with rich, carmel gravy along with tasty mac salad on the side. Like Whoa! Did I enjoy every bite, food coma if eaten at one seating but worth it, OH YEAH! Don't know what eveyone else ordered because I was focused on my food but I know everything was a hit since everyone ate what they had ordered, leaving no leftovers for me to pick on the next following work day.Dont know about the in-dining experience yet but the ordering was easy, pickup was fast and the food was a hit. Can't wait for another Island flavor food experience.
4	This place has all the local dishes just like back home and their portions are definitely generous! I ordered a local staple, Loco Moco. It was just as good as anything I've eaten back home. I judge Loco Moco by the quality of the brown gravy. Their gravy was the consistency just how I like it, not too thick and not like soup. I ordered my eggs over easy and it was cooked to perfection. As easy as it may sound, many times eggs aren't cooked as actually ordered. I look forward to returning and ordering their kalua pork and cabbage, another local staple. The service was friendly and I recommend this place to try
5	the best....the endo in case you want to know whats good? almost everything, ok not everything but get the roast pork with chopped steak/or kalbi combo and i promise you'll be have weird cravings throughout YOUR LIFE for this
4	Korean/Hawaiian restaurant. Everything was ono. Kalua pig w/ cabbage too salty though. Spam musubi was great. Good value.
4	Very good food and service  we will be back
5	The best Hawaiian Food in Las Vegas so far.  The Mac salad is very authentic, like from the islands.  The Lau Lau is good and not too salty.  I usually get the Chopped Steak w/onions and Korean wings.  The taste is very sweet and savory.  The chicken is crispy.  The Ox Tail soup is also very flavorful w/o being too salty.The Guava Cake is extraordinary.  I know they get it from next door, but it's Island Flavor's recipe.  The guava is infused in the cake batter and you can taste a hint of it with every bite.  Not too over powering.  The service is great and they also refill your Guava or POG juice!  If you are feeling homesick and miss island food, this the place to go!
5	island style portions for my rhino appetite. i would rate this place for having the best hawaiian food in lv.
5	I dragged my dad all the way out here for lunch on Friday..  He was a total skeptic!  He works by the airport, I live in Rhodes Ranch.. he could not understand why we were both driving further from town to have lunch.  The answer is simple - Yelp reviews!  Because of this restaurant, he opened his own Yelp account.So, we enter.  My dad looks at the menu, I have already stared at all of the pictures on the iPhone app and know exactly what I want.  My dad is quite perplexed by the menu, so I show him the Yelp photos.  When the waitress comes up, he lifts up my iPhone, shows the waitress a picture and says "I want this".  The waitress, without missing a beat, responds, "the pork (something) and beef spare ribs".  To me, this is the beauty of Yelp.  It brought 2 new customers and gave one exactly what he wanted based on a posted picture.  It was sooo cool!Our food promptly arrives, and it was everything we expected!  My Beef Teriyaki was incredibly tasteful, savory and tender.  The Korean Chicken was basically buffalo wings with a kick ass flavor.  Any other restaurant, I'd ding one star and recommend they do boneless wings - I hate buffalo wings, but the taste was still so overwhelmingly good that I did not mind!My dads food was perfect.  He let me try his, I let him try mine.  No wrong choices.  He almost got a full steak attached to each of the 3 spare ribs.  He could not stop raving about the flavor and taste.Service was swift and meaningful.  I have nothing to say bad about this restaurant.  The check came (less than $25 for two huge lunches),  the portions were so huge that I could not fit all of the leftovers from two starving adults into one box!Great food, great service, great family run business.  Thank you, Lord... it is right down the street.  I will be back - hundreds of times!
5	On a total whim, I decided I wanted kalbi. And haupia anything. I was about to leave work and checked Yelp (which is practically my best friend at this point) and found out Island Flavor was only five minutes away. Called and ordered to go. It was ready a few minutes after I got there. Had the kalbi and haupia cake and they were both AMAZING. Fresh and delicious. The prices were pretty good and everyone there was super friendly and helpful. This is my new "after work on a Saturday" place to go.
4	Although this is about 6 miles away from the strip, it is totally worth the drive if you are looking for something different from the strip-type of food. We loved their poke, which comes in 3 versions. The one I got was with furikake, and it was a bomb! We got the one pound order and it was gone between my hubby and I. Hubby had the meat combo - pork with onions and kalbi ribs. He liked the pork a lot. And how many Hawaiian restaurants serve haupia? This one does! A testimony that it's authentic from the islands! Haupia was so good and my little one loved it after his fried chicken feast. We even ordered their oxtail soup for to go. It was a stomach-hearty way to start our Las Vegas day!
5	Big portions of food and always a friendly staff.
5	We were visiting LV for a week on a movie shoot and I heard great reviews about this place so we decided to give it a try. I was raised in Hawaii, am half Haw'n and my mother was a caterer and an awesome cook so naturally I became a caterer too. After the 1st meal here, I was sold and so was the other 4 people with me. During the week we tried to make it there everyday, but filming a couple of long days kept us away. We all tried different things and I got to try various dishes and they were all great. The sauces were not to over powering, but just right. Even the desserts are amazing. I wish there was one of these in San Diego or Arizona. I met the owner and he is like ohana (family). Awesome...awesome....awesome.
5	I came into this place thinking typical Hawaiian place. Boy was I wrong! The food was awesome! And it came in huge portions! my leftovers lasted for days! I recommend this place for anybody who just love to eat great Hawaiian food. And a lot.
5	This "local" place serves up some great Hawaiian food.  It's fresh, flavors are spot on, and the service friendly and makes you feel at home.  Hawaiian plate tonight!  Got the laulau, the lomi salmon, mac salad, steam rice and a cup of haupia.  It was excellent.  Very fresh and brought us back home to Helena's.I wanted a slice of Chantilly cake but they had just sold the last piece.  This is really good food!  And if you are missing the great taste of Hawaii, this will bring it home for you.
5	My favorite Hawaiian BBQ Yet in Vegas.   Super Friendly and considerate family owned business.  You can tell they take pride in all areas of there business.  I regularly watch Bar Rescue, Hotel Rescue, ETC. and as a promoter for Marquee NightClub here in Vegas I am very Good at reading people.   THIS FAMILY CARES.  :)    The place is very clean as i showed up to get takeout like the other Hawaiian BBQ Places out here and when i walked in I thought it was DINE-IN only.   I almost felt weird waiting for my food as i was not dressed appropriately.  LOLFood came and the helping are HUGE.   It took three sittings to eat the KALBI RIBS and KATSU CHICKEN with Macaroni Salad and Rice.   Great Quality Compared to all other Hawaiian BBQ's out here.  And the location is great for me right down the street.I will be back many more times and i will add to this review.  :)
1	I went with my group of guys and my boyfriend and as soon as we walked in the decor was very nice. It took a bit longer than expected for the server to take our drink order. When we received our menus I noticed the prices to be a way higher than the usual Hawaiian style joint. The menu was plain and had no pictures and the descriptions leave you wondering if it's going to be worth it or not. My dudes ordered the Loco Moco and I ordered the mix plate with my boyfriend. My rice was a few hours old. My third bite into it I found a mustache hair or small black hair. I was disgusted because none of my dude friends have black hair, we are all blondes from California, so we can't be a suspect. I was disgusted not only because the hair wasn't on the top of my food, it was in the middle meaning it was mixed and cooked into the rice. That is extremely unprofessional for a kitchen staff. They have strict rules and regulations out here especially with the tourism out here. The manager came and said he has 3 restaurants 2 in Hawaii and this "hair in the food" issue has never occurred. I find it hard to believe as a former manager for Pizza Hut  and to never find any random item in food. The manager kept trying to get me to order something else from the menu but my stomach was in complete turmoil from this situation I only could drink my fruit punch, which the only good side was the free refills. I came up to the manager and told him that I am going to just walk out and drop this issue and I left without paying because I don't feel my health is worth the price of the meal. He will be hearing form the health department soon.Just please be careful people and check your food before you put it in your mouth.
5	My favorite Hawaiian restraurant in Las Vegas :)) good service, good food!!! Onolicious deserts!!!  live Hawaiian music
5	First time we came here, it was because I was craving poke and our regular place was already closed for the evening.  Now I can't imagine going to Vegas without hitting this place up for a meal.  It's about 5 miles from the strip but soo worth the drive.  The ladies who work there are super friendly and the food is delish (I've tried the pork chops, chicken katsu loco moco, and roast pork).  They have specials on Friday nights as well as entertainment (at least on the Friday we were there.. Our last trip we went on a Saturday and they seemed to also have had entertainment then but not when we were there).Anywhoo, I don't have anything negative to say about this place.... it's just good Hawaiian food.  Oh, and definitely order the gravy.  Maybe 2 of them.  You're welcome.
4	There are not many restaurants by my house, so I was pleasantly surprised when I came across Island Flavor! Some of my favorite dishes include their poke and chicken katsu. I especially love that the portions are huge - great for leftovers! This is the perfect restaurant to order to-go and enjoy a some authentic Hawaiian flavors.
5	Amazing food, friendly staff, great prices.  I would definitely go back here, hands down!
5	I was in the mood too try something new tonight and always looking for good local style plate lunch or any local food comfort food tops on my list. I notice the other week fellow yelpers checking in too Island Flavor thinking myself never been here and close by talk about bookmark!  I was excited about adding another restaurant too my 808 list! =)) Island Flavor no doubt keeps up all the traditions of Vegas not only being the ninth island but in need for plate lunch or two scoops rice and mac salad many ONO options. Just knowing that can always find local grinds no matter part of Vegas be at is beautiful. I must admit did not exactly start off with a bang. I was greeted with smile and told too sit anywhere wanted. I felt like ten mins maybe not so bad but still no one gave me menu and someone asked me if ordered yet like can see a menu. Once got menu the service was nothing but on point! My soda was never empty, checked up on me see everything going, and even gave me too go boxes without me asking. I order the shoyu ahi poke and kalbi for dinner. The Shoyu Ahi Poke was awesome. The whole style Shoyu style is by far the most popular style back home (although you never find two exactly alike). I ask which one she would recommend since they have three different styles on the menu too choose from. She like the most popular one so went with Shoyu. It did not disappoint. The amount of onions in it could do without. Too stick with tradition onions staple but amount varies each poke. Personnel preference but the flavors was just like poke back home. Chopstick action. Yay!Kalbi the marinade brought out all the flavors. I like Kalbi that find the balance between shoyu base but enough acid, little sweet, and just right amount of spices. I think they did awesome job! It nice big cuts of kalbi some places it hit or miss the thickness of the cut. Makes all come together with the marinade, nice full kalbi, moist in the middle since not thin cut, and grill marks on outside so much flavor. The meat around the bones the best part of it! Soo good! The mac salad not one of my favorite still hold L&L best mac salad. Still solid mac salad. The interior all about Hawaii with all artwork mostly of bird of paradise, and playing local Hawaiian stations need not say more. One more thing ketchup, shoyu, and tabasco as basic condiments on every table. Locals know what am talking about. Roots!
5	I was craving a Loco Moco one day at work, so what do I do Google the closes Hawaiian restaurant. Which mind you where I'm located I was expecting to come up short! I stumble across Island Flavor, check out the reviews, pricing etc...I then called and placed my order for pick up. When I got there it was ready and the staff was friendly (Which I love)! Once I got back to work and took my 1st bite of my Loco Moco I was in heaven! Reminded me of the one I would get in Kailua Kona, HI. Must try if you love Hawaiian food or if your looking for something different in your life.
5	LOVE! LOVE! Island Flavor. All the food is GREAT! The service is excellent! They make you feel like family. I bring all my friends and family there and I tell everyone if they are in the mood for hawaiian this is the spot!
5	"I consider myself a connoisseur of Hawaiian plate lunch. Regularly eat at Diamond Head Grill, Ted's Bakery and Rainbow drive in. Island Flavors is the real deal. In fact just as good if not better than my favorites in Oahu. I was thoroughly surprised today."
5	I was having the urge for some local food last night. There was so much MORE stuff wanted too try figure Island Flavor perfect local spot hit it. I brought roommate Roy so twice the food can try. lol! I went with the chicken katsu loco moco. It was good. I feel that thinking about local moco anything but hamburger just not the same. Yelpers do or my philosophy with food never know until you try!! The brown gravy (its winnah for sure nice flavor could see it loco moco or just over two scoops rice) combine with chicken katsu never worked for me. On the other hand my roommate had the portuguese omelette fried rice that was unreal Ono! Just like back in the islands with the char su diced up and depth of flavor in the rice. It hearty rice local style. I wanted too try some of the desserts. I got the haupia cake. Winnah too! It three layers of coconut heaven! Just like the first visit going too Island Flavor bring back all good things about the islands music, food, and sense of ohana. The portion size.....WoW! I knew after the first visit the size more like cheesecake factory. So if looking for value for sure local food way too go and by far out if any local places ever been too in Vegas the amount of starch or rice sure unreal. Even the protein or main dish get nice size portion. The dessert NO small piece of cake either. Sure plan on coming back trying out more local food on the menu!!
4	I have come to this establishment a numerous amount of times, and swore i had wrote a review, but when I went to "update" my review, I see now that it looks as if I haven't!As always, the staff is friendly. Me and two of my best girlfriends went around 1 in the afternoon. It wasn't as busy as I thought it would be, so finding a seat was not hard at all. It didn't take long for our waitress to get our drink orders, and bring it in a timely matter. I've noticed tho, that the prices has gone up quite a bit since the last time I was here a couple years ago. I was about to order the usual mix plate when I noticed the Daily Specials Menu placed inside the Menu Booklet. Menu Specials when I went there Last Week...My Order: Kalua Luau. side order of sweet potato with sesame sauceFriend 1: Furikake Chicken Friend 2: Pork Chop (on regular menu) The kalua luau was good, its different type of luau to my family luau. Our luau is more creamier, but this one was a bit more on the roughage green leafy side. But it was still so ono. I opted for brown rice and it also comes with mac salad. THe mac salad was a little too "mayonaisy" for me, but if my palate didn't change since i moved from the rock ten years ago, it would've been right up my alley! I ordered up a side of cooked sweet potato and the dipping sauce was divine. Just a great amount of sweet and salty to compliment the potato. The Furikake CHicken was broke the mouth. As much as i LOVED the Luau, I was picking the chicken off my friends plate just as much as she was picking the luau off of mines. We should've just switched our plates. I was under the impression it was a full chicken breast, but they came out as nuggets. Sweet and savory, with bits of furikake all over! Now i'm not a big fan of any kind of fried chicken, but I couldn't control my hand. It kept reaching over to her plate to grab more!  A definite must try!! Last but not least, the pork chops with smothered onions. Now what is NOT to like from this all time favorite. Now I've had charbroiled pork chops, teriyaki pork chops, char siu pork chops, apple pork chops, etc. But I love having just a regular, salt and pepper seasoned home style pork chops once in a while. That brought it all home. It was served with two scoops of white rice and a side salad with your choice of dressing. I didn't opt out for dessert this trip, but from previous visits, I do recommend the Chantilly cake and the Banana Bread Pudding! I tried the Kona Coffee Mud Pie, but when I got it, it was just a oreo crust with three inch high of ice cream and stuff drizzled all over it. Not exactly what I call a mud pie, but it was delicious as just Kona coffee ice cream! (It was still Ono! ) I hope to be back soon!!!
5	I had the Kalibi Ribs and oh my goodness!!  Amazingly tender and the flavor was phenomenal.  I also had the Ahi Poki, which was ono-licious.  The Ahi was fresh and seasoned perfectly.  We went there on a Saturday night and there was a live band playing island music.  A very casual restaurant with amazing island flavor with huge portions and the staff was equally great.  You definitely feel the aloha here!
4	Grew up in Oahu and this place is legit. Get the two dish combo. I ordered Korean Chicken and Roast Pork. The chicken wings were so crispy good, sweet and savory.  The roast pork was tender with yummy brown gravy. My boyfriend very much enjoyed his Furikake Shrimp and Chicken Katsu as well!The atmosphere is awesome as well! It would be 5 stars but their prices are a bit high. I guess that's about it. It won't be an everyday thing for me  like a fast food Hawaiian place like Ohana Bbq or L&l but I'll definitely go back when I wanna reward myself and splurge on Hawaiian food.
4	I often complain about the lack of good eats in the depths of SW Las Vegas.  Sure, we have a few decent spots on Rainbow but i feel like we deserve more place in my neighborhood.  I've probably eaten at about 8 different Hawaiian places in the vegas valley - I give my local place, Island Flavor, the GOLD !First of all, the employees are great - great attitudes, great services and consistent food.  The space is pretty simple - i'm pleased that they recently remodeled the space that resulted in adding more table space.  I've been told by a couple of the employees they make more $$ on catering than the restaurant itself.  I've been in a few times while they've prepped the food for catering events - it's a sight to see !Anyways, the food - large portions, very reasonable prices and good 'ol stick to the ribs style grub !  My personal favs ?  The pork loco moco ( awesome !! ), the korean ribs,  the mac salad,  i REALLY dig the gravy ! and most of desserts.It' all good !!
5	Las Vegas is the 9th island. You know that if you've spent anytime on the beautiful islands of Hawaii. I spent all of last winter on Oahu and feel in love with the local flavors. I had some really strong cravings when I got back and my boyfriend filled me in on this little spot in the southwest. ALOHA ISLAND FLAVOR! Its open seating so just walk in sit down and a smilie waitress will drop some menus off. They have a little of everything from hamburger steak, oxtail soup, teryi chicken and short ribs. The portions are HUGE! Almost everything comes with rice and mac salad. I get the two item combo and have enough for another meal later that night. I have to say the only negative thing place is that there mac salad isn't my favorite. Its a little to sweet for me. It still DOES NOT shame there 5 star rating in my book. If you are craving some local flavor or just want to try a little bite of the islands check out this spot! OH and I just found out they have recently changed there days of operations to 7 days a week!
4	Good Lord, another Hawaiian restaurant to review. Luckily, this is one of my new favorite ones in Vegas!Some friends of mine suggested this place to my boyfriend and I literally RIGHT before we were leaving to Vegas. They had found this place through yelp one day and mentioned it. Thank goodness I'm always down to try ANY food. This place is located in a plaza that's not hard to locate. The restaurant itself was pretty clean, and a little bigger than the other hawaiian restaurants I've been too. We were seated quickly upon arriving and the employees were all pretty friendly and attentive. Most of the menu items looked amazing, but thanks to Yelp I narrowed it down to two dishes. To be honest I really wanted to try a little bit of everything. We ordered the Korean Chicken (chicken wings fried Korean style) and the Chicken Katsu Loco Moco. I instantly fell in love with the loco moco. I've never had it in this style before and the gravy that it was covered in wasn't too overpowering. I was told the gravy is homemade in the back by the owner's grandmother (I'm not exactly sure if this is true). Upon leaving we talked to the owner and he had mentioned he was looking to open a location somewhere in LA. I really hope he does. Because I would absolutely come back. Which is what I plan on doing next time I go to Vegas.
4	I don't give 5 stars to many restaurants simply because everything must be perfect for a 5 star rating.  This place is very very close to 5 stars cause their food is so delicious. I live exactly 2 miles from Flava but have never been there.  I've driven past it a million times and judging from the outside it certainly doesn't look like anything special. It even could resemble a cheap take out place from the outside but it's certainly not.  Never judge a book by it's cover.  Anyway, I had visitors from NYC coming to Vegas.  For some reason they chose to go this place which they said they go to every year when they come here.  When they invited me to go I was simply happy that I didn't have to go the strip to meet them. Well, the menu is very large and varied. The staff was excellent towards us, constantly refilling our drinks and all that good stuff. Since we had 7 people I was able to taste many different dishes. The raw tuna is excellent and you get a pound of it cut up into perfectly bite size pieces.  The burgers, steak and onions, wings, pork were all excellent. I ordered the Snapper and I got 3 large pieces of fish of which I could only eat one.So, for 14 bucks I had dinner and brought 2 big pieces of fish home with me which was another complete meal for me. I then finished up with the Mud Pie and as others have said it's not really a mud pie but still very very good and huge. I took half of that home as well. Now that I know of this place and it's so darn close to my house, I may become an addict.  Especially with the takeout and they do have a delivery service that will deliver for them but I forgot the name of the service but you can just ask them and they will tell you. It's very well lit up. Maybe a bit too bright but the minute your food arrives you forget about everything else and simply dig in. I'm so happy my friends found it or I may have never walked in to the place. Plenty of parking as well.If you live in the S.West this is a must go restaurant. It will become a once a week gig for me at the least.
5	I know another update? I want share food experience with my fellow yelpers plus there more then couple things on any menu. I tried the kailua and cabbage. It was winnah! The kailua had just right amount of saltiness, moist, juicy, and hand picked/shredded. The thing enjoy about this version at Island Flavor is the cabbage not julienne cut so dig in get best of both worlds kailua and cabbage. Or hell if want cabbage in one bite then kailua all you. Again not emphasis portion size got love LOCAL food best deal under ten bucks lunch or dinner. I tried the banana bread pudding. Honestly ok. I never really got any hint of banana in the bread pudding and not as dense. That just my personnel preference. Now the haupia cake still reigns supreme out of the desserts had at Island Flavor. One thing forget mention is only local style they have heat warmer that keeps spam musubi wrapped individual portion ready too go. Like pay the bill and take some spam musubi for late night snack or munchie. Yay!!!!!
5	Awesome Hawaiian food. The teriyaki beef is amazing! Actual chunks of steak instead of just cheap red meat. I'm all about customer service and this place is the best. You can't go wrong with the loco Moco!!
5	I love the food here and I am never disappointed. The teriyaki chicken is delicious and the kalbi ribs were delicious too. I usually get the pork with gravy which is yummy too. You know it's good when you see a lot of Hawaiians in here. The Chantilly cake is my personal favorite of their desserts. You get really large portions here and I always have left overs. Service is always nice too.
2	Went here about 2 months ago and had great food worth 4-5 stars. Unfortunately went back again today for takeout. I got the Shoyu Poke and Teriyaki Beef plate. The beef and the rice were fine. Unfortunately the poke was horrible this time. Only time anywhere that i have gotten that dish where the fish was dull in color and smelled and tasted very fishy, not fresh at all like poke should be. Was very dissapointed because it was for my wife and she could'nt even enjoy it. I won't be going back again.
5	Truly authentic Hawaiian food!  This place is wonderful, from the food to the service.  The Chantilly cake is Mmm Mmm GOOD, definitely a must have!
4	The menu was very extensive for a Hawaiian restaurant. I had Teriyaki chicken which consisted of quite a lot of delicious marinated chicken with huge portions of rice and macaroni salad for just a little over $10.00. I had some left over for dinner another day. The service was good and the ambience casual and comfortable.
5	What more could I say about this place in leu of all other reviews? Well for one, I can say is this: For the price, the large quantity, taste and quality and great customer service gives this place a 5 star and no less. My new years resolution is to try EVERYTHING on the menu by the end of this year.  Yeah, it's that good!
5	My go to place for bomb.com Hawaiian food. Great service , great food, great dessert. Big generous Hawaiian portions, for the poor people like me . Well worth the money. My favorite is definitely the chicken teriyaki salad. Loco moco is delicious , best gravy in town.
5	Delicious Hawaiian food and not too expensive!
5	Soooo delicious!  We always get the mixed plate with Chicken Katsu, and beef teriyaki.  The kalbi short ribs are delicious as well.  Highly recommended!
4	I've eaten at a few Hawaiian plate restaurants in Las Vegas and Hawaii and this was the best I've had so far. We went on a week day for lunch, some other customers were coming and going but not too busy. Staff was excellent, we waited for some friends before ordering and they kept checking back with us until we were ready to order our food.Prices were great for the amount of food you get. I got the special of the day which was Mahi Mahi grilled in an egg batter. It was good but a bit bland. Their macaroni salad was not the best, a bit disappointing since I like macaroni salad. My husband got a Combo platter of Beef Teriyaki and Chicken Katsu with Korean Sauce (recommended by the waitress) they use on their Korean Chicken. All of his food was delicious. We decided to get a slice of  Haupia Cake...OMG! One of the best cakes I've ever had. I will definitely go back again.
4	WARNING. The portions are GIGANTIC and can feed 2-3 people. The dinner was pretty good but what makes this place a must come back for us are the Chantilly and Guava cake. I have said enough. Also staff is very laid back and friendly people
5	Love the Hawaiian atmosphere... always feel like I'm at home when I come here.  I get full just thinking about the amount of food they give you for the price.  The staff is always full of aloha... even the tita's. Lol.  I've had everything on the menu even the specials they have going on everyday and  I love everything.  It makes it so hard to decide when I go there.They put their own Big Island twist on Hawaiian Food that gives it that extra wow factor. I was going to explain each dish but I can't write anymore bc im making myself hungry.  Try it and you'll love it.  I'm gonna go grind there now. =)And for the locals 411 they got GUAVA CAKE!!!
3	I have eaten here a couple times.  Their food was delicious and if my boyfriend was able to like it (he is a picky eater) then obviously the food must be amazing.  A lot of my family are from the islands so their input was very important to me.  They loved the food there which can add to the authentic feel to it.  I give it 3 stars because of their  service.  Though they were friendly when we first walked in, their untimely manner upset me.  I am a huge water drink and when they didn't refill my water it irritated me a bit.  I had to wait approximately 15 minutes just to get my water refilled.  Maybe it was just yesterday when I went.  I will come back again and hopefully the service will be better.
4	Growing up on an island, I was so stoked to try out this place based on the reviews! Island flavor is a friendly casual environment that has a  lot of diverse to it. Their chicken wings is yummy! The proportions of the food is very large but growing an appetite ever since I moved out to Vegas, I can finish the whole meal that was served :) I also loved their fried rice with eggs on top and sausages. A true Hawaiian plate.
4	Very good Kalbi & Chantilly cake! Deducted 1 star because I couldn't eat the Korean chicken - it had ginger BUT that was my fault because I don't like ginger =) Highly recommend this place!!!
4	This place has great reviews from Yelpers, so I went with Chad S. to see what was up.  We arrived around 7:30pm on a Thursday night and there were only two tables open, as the place was busy, always a good sign.  I already knew that I wanted Kalbi, so no need to really peruse the menu.  Our friendly waitress took our orders and then our food arrived quickly, which was a great thing because we were hangry.  I was very pleased that I got four big pieces of Kalbi and there was meat on them bones, not a lot of fat, which can happen with this dish.  There were also two big scoops of white rice and a scoop of mac salad.  I ate one scoop of the rice and didn't touch the mac salad, but only because I am trying to be more protein-oriented and eat less of the bad carbs, but you gotta have some rice with your meat, right?  The kalbi looked and tasted like it just came off the BBQ in someone's backyard; after three pieces, I was fully satisfied.  I'm just sad that we couldn't get any of the Spam Musubi before we left.  They have musubi in a warmer next to the cash register so you can buy some to go; they sold out while we were eating.  Oh well, it just gives me an excuse to go back.  Aloha!
5	Found out about this place years ago & they're still my favorite Hawaiian food restaurant! Portions are HUGE & the quality is still good! Don't find many places like this one! Another hidden gem by my side of town.
5	Went here one weekday just to test the yelp reviews that I've read and I'm glad I did. They food is delicious! Just like what you'd get in Hawaii. Very authentic and flavorful. The restaurant has a very laid back feel to go along with that "island style" of living. I went back later that week on Aloha Friday and there were food specials and live music. The place was packed and I'm glad I even got a table. All in all, the place is definitely a place I would go back to time and time again.
5	I've never been to Hawaii, but I adore their food.  It's a great balance of comforting calories and guiltless raw fish, playing with Asian flavors of sweet and salty.  And just as I imagine the warm culture of Aloha, I can taste the love, the bear hugs and coconut massages in the food of Island Flavor.It's a tiny space, usually PACKED on weekends, and even if they have live music on Friday nights, the place remains to be a low key, well lit family restaurant.  Go here with family, with good friends and a HUGE appetite.Hubby and I always get the same thing - half a Furikake ahi poke order, and we share a combo plate of Kalbi ribs and Korean fried chicken.. with extra macaroni salad and fries.  Real tasty stuff, and a good bang for your buck.  Our bill always stays within the $30 range.  Their teriyaki chicken, steak and onions hit the spot, and their Chantilly cake ROCKS.  It's also the first time I've ever tried a loco moco.  To the Filipinos out there, it tastes exactly like a burger steak meal with thick gravy, except it's served with egg.  Perfect hangover or stoner food.  Go go go.
5	WHY MUST YOU BE SO FAR AWAY!!They play live music, and the prices are astoundingly cheap for the exceptional quality of the food. I thought there had to be a catch to it. I ordered a large plate with three gigantic kalbi ribs, shrimp tempura and two scoops of rice. Total price? $11. I was so full and it made me think of what traditional home cooked Hawaiian food must taste like.
5	The best Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas, hands down! Each time never disappoints, no matter what I order. Normally I order the Ox Tail Soup served with rice. Occasionally, I'll switch it up with a Mix Plate that allows you to choose two different meats. I stick with Teri Chicken, Kalbi Short Ribs, or Chicken Katsu, although there are several other options as well. The staff is extremely friendly and never in a bad mood; always a plus. Definitely one to check out.
5	My all time favorite place to eat when I want GOOD Hawaiian local foods. No ka oi! (The best!) friendly service, owners work and cook there too. Family place, love love love it!!!
4	Great food and service!!! Teriyaki beef is to die for.
4	This is the place I go when I'm craving Hawaiian food. It's a nice little mom and pop place that gets packed pretty quickly. I've introduced this place to a lot of my friends and everyone loved it. In fact, I took one friend here about 2 years ago and she came to visit recently and still remembered this place and wanted to eat here again. Service is good most of the time but can be inconsistent at times. I love getting the mix plate whenever I'm here. The ox tail soup is pretty good too but I can't justify ordering it and mix plate without having to share it with a friend or two because the portions are huge.
5	Best hawaiian food in town, the food is so awesome here. Very large portions and the service is GREAT.
5	Came here on a packed Friday, but we were still seated fairly quickly and got to enjoy some chill island music and vibes from the person performing that night. He did a great job making people laugh, having some playful banter and just keeping the overall mood light and fun. Be sure to tip the performer too if you find yourself grooving along :D. I got the Laulau which is usually only available on Friday nights. It contains haupia (coconut-flavored) and smoked fish flavors, but I happen to be a really big fan of those seemingly conflicting tastes and would definitely order it again. The other Hawaiian staples all look delicious here and their portions are huge! You'll definitely have enough food for breakfast or lunch the next day and I would recommend everyone at the table getting something different so you can get a taste of everything. I've also been craving POG since I was last in Hawaii, so I was excited to see that they give 50 cent refills here! I was super appreciative that the owner took time to talk to us on a busy night and welcome us since it was our first time here. He even apologized for the not-so-long wait, which was actually the most enjoyable wait I've ever had at any restaurant. This is definitely a great place to bring friends and family, without the hustle and bustle of the strip.
4	The best Hawaiian food that I have had. I had the chicken katsu and Kalbi short rib mixed plate ($12.49)  Chicken katsu was crisp and good. Kalbi short ribs had a charbroiled flavor. Hubby got the Laulau, the special for Friday night, which was very good too ($11.99) Large portions at reasonable prices.  We were there on a Friday night and they had live Hawaiian music. I really wanted to try the Huapai cake but was way too full but it looked great. It was very busy though but only a short wait, maybe a few minutes, but it was worth the wait. We will definitely be back.
5	I was told that this place had the best Hawaiian food around.  As a fan of L&L, which in my opinion is pretty good, I had to give this place a try.DEFINITELY WORTH IT.Service was fantastic.  The waitresses are very friendly.Food: THE BOMB.  Portions are ENORMOUS.  Most of their entrees are $9, but for $11, you can choose two!  And the way they serve it is like getting two meals for the price of $11.The best hawaiian food in Las Vegas, hands down.
5	Um...yum!I went quite a ways out of my way to eat here. All the reviews gave me hope for a good meal. I ordered a combo plate of chicken teriyaki and kalbi short ribs. To order the ribs in the combo is an extra $1. The plate came with 2 scoops of rice, 1 scoop of macaroni and a mountain of meat. I could not finish it all so now I have leftovers for later. The ribs had great flavor but they were kind of fatty, though that is where the flavor is... The chicken teriyaki was moist, not too sweet nor too salty.  All of this was $13 and change plus tip. Oh, and the waitress was good at refilling my water when I needed it and she brought be sriracha when I asked for it so she's good people in my book.If I am in the area I will certainly go back. Check it out for yourself
5	This place blows L&L and other Hawaiian food I've tried in Vegas out of the water. The wait staff is also very friendly on top of that!
5	Fairly certain I got overcharged here, but I'm not even mad it's so good!   Shoyu ahi poke is so ono, their mix plate is huge and I looooooooooove their mac salad, so creamy. Their shortribs too, perhaps the best I've had in town.  Finished with guava cake and albeit my card was overcharged, the food was well worth with.  I'll be sure to visit this place soon enough as tomorrow and will update my review.
5	Love love love this place. Make me wish we were back on the islands. Come early because it fills up fast.
5	This is my one and only go to place if I ever want hawaiian food, which is like any time. haha They give large portion sizes, so if you feel it might be two expensive, just remember each dish is good for two people. I have never ever finished and entree there.For starters they have the best Poke' in town that come in different seasoning, Furikake and Shoyu, Sorry I forgot the other flavor. But all our good just depends on which you like better. I recommend sharing this though tis too much for one person, well at least to me.I have tried every dish, and all are great. no joke. The have the best roast pork loco moco in town. It's like a loco mock, but no hamburger meat just lots of tender pork. They're loco mock is also bomb with huge serving. The kalbi ribs and korean chicken wings are so delicious, like finger licking good. I think they're fired rice is the best in town because it gives me flash back of my childhood, when my aunt first cooked and served me the first time i ever ate friend rice. Like that critic from ratatouille, when he took a bite and he remembered his mom making it for him. haha If you can ever make it on fridays nights, they have the best LauLau to me in town, this dish really reminds me for hawaii. I wasn't born in Hawaii but i do go there yearly, so this food is as good as it gets to hawaiian dishes.Lastly, if you can save room for deserts. They are all great,a dn from what i heard they are made by the bakery next door to it. You must eat Huapia cake and Chantilly cake, I would say a slice but they way they serve slices, its like a small cake. hahathe staff is always friendly, never had a bad encounter, just don't be shocked how fast they move, because they do everything, there are no busers or food runners helping, just the waitress.
5	Great service and HUGE bomb portions  a must try. My island girls recommended me here.
3	I found out about this place through the shining recommendations of my Hawaiian friends. I can't quite agree with their praise, perhaps I'm missing out on some special Hawaiian taste buds, but the experience here is lackluster. Strangely, the portion sizes were uncharacteristically average, the service was downright cold and bitter, and the food flavor wavered from tasteless to over-seasoned. The saimin had crisp ingredients, but it lacked flavor overall - the broth really was like water, and it was lukewarm. The poke had great fish quality, but it was so over-seasoned with onions and garlic that the quality of the ahi was obscured. The galbi was solid, but just that - good, and nothing more. The saving grace of the day was their perfect guava cake and chantilly cake - nice, generous sizes, and delicious layers of distinct flavor without being cloying. Thanks to their amazing cakes, I will be rounding the 2.5 stars to a 3. But it's a close call - the service is in serious need of help. We were not greeted by anyone upon entering. The waitress was curt, not very accommodating, and very impatient, and the only warmth I ever saw from her was with the delivery of the check. Pre-tip, that is. While I can't know what she was thinking then, that always makes me suspicious, particularly when the service was so lacking for the rest of the time... And for such a casual, laid-back place, especially a Hawaiian place, the service (and saimin!) should be at the very least warm.
4	So a bit late in reviewing. Oopsy! Was in LV in May and decided to read reviews on Yelp, and find me some Hawaiian food.  It was a toss up between a couple but decided on Island Flavor. So, glad we did!  Very large portions, great taste, waitresses were very friendly with locals,  ours was pleasant- no complaints! We had the biggest portion of Poke' ever,  pork with cabbage, and a mixed plate.  We had  2 to go boxes left over,  Can you say, cold cabbage and pork for breakfast.  Lol I ordered the cake for dessert, nothing compares to Saimin Says where we live...so that's why I deducted the star. Would have done a half star..but not an option. lol It wasn't great it was ok!  Overall we made our family jealous with pics of our food and prices were fair for the portions. Definitely going back in Nov with family.  :)
1	Went here twice in two weeks.  I have no idea why people like this place.  Sick both times from the food.  I guess compared to Aloha Kitchen or L&L they might be decent.  What is also bs is that the first time I did not get mac salad.  So the next time I ordered it as a side thinking this was an add on, but later find out that it was supposed to come with the meal.  Portion sizes are big?  Huge portion sizes of crap.  You do not have to be from Hawaii to rate this place as good or bad.  Apparently they are popular, but the food sucks.Pork Loco Moco - Pork was dried out to the point of cardboard.  Gravy bland and tasteless.Loco Moco - Whatever they used for the burger was the cheapest ground beef you will ever see.  Looked and tasted like ground up cat food.Poke - What kind of Hawaiian serves pre-frozen cheap Ahi for poke?Fried Rice - This was a joke, mushy rice with some sauce mixed in.  Even the egg and sausage didn't help.  Portuguese Bean Soup - Mediocre, tomato soup with too much flour, no smokiness, very disappointing.  Lau Lau - Dried out and tasteless, might as well get the same frozen one from L&L because it is cheaper.SERVICE - "Oh my God this is great"
4	Had to try because of Yelp reviews. Food is pretty good. Had Furikake Chicken and wife had Oxtail soup. Huge pieces of tail. Will go back to try more.
5	This is now one of my fav Hawaiian spots! Always great service and always, always good!!! I've tried their Korean chicken (sorry but aloha specialities wins this one but it is still good), chicken Katsu, roast Pork, kalbi ribs and the guava cake! Let me just say wow to the guava cake!!!! I only wish they had a location closer to me!!
4	You walk in and immediately feel like you're in Hawaii.  The food is great and portions are huge!  It's a ways away from the strip, but worth it if you're craving local food.
5	The owner is amazing! Very friendly and always checking on the guests! The good is good, my favorite is the oxtail soup! big portions! and oh the chantilly cake is to die for!
5	I want to order the other stuff on the menu but I always end up getting the Loco Moco or Oxtail soup! It's that good and I don't see myself getting tired of ordering the same thing anytime soon. Guess one day ill get to order the rest but for now I recommend those two dish if your not sure of what to get! Portions are huge so go hungry!
5	I'm a huge fan after only two visits! The people who run this place always make us feel like family. I highly recommend the furikake shrimp, furikake chix, opakapaka misoyaki style and the poke with furikaki! So ono! Broke da mouth kine good! Beware the sweet potato is not the american sweet potato. Also leave room for dessert, though it may be hard because the servings are huge! But the mud pie is delicious and huge. You could share that between 3 people. It's actually a good thing this place is far because i'd be here all the time!
5	Okay, I absolutely love this place! It feels like home so much! The staff is amazing, always friendly and very welcoming. BIIIIIGGG portions!! I love their salads.. It's big and hearty and the dressing is just sooo yummy. All the salads are the same.. lettuce, thick slices of tomato, cucumbers, okinawan sweet potato and topped off with won ton chips with the creamy sesame dressing and then you can either pick the teriyaki chicken (which I really like) grilled opakapaka, fried poke or the katsu. Anyone you pick, they are all good!! Another thing I really like is the roast pork.. Omg so tender and salty, just how I like it. I don't know why I never ate the roast pork loco moco before but it all just make sense!! Amazing!!!! I guess it just really big and I can't eat as much as I used to. Korean fried chicken is another one of my faves. Kalbi is also tasty and meaty. And if you like fish, try the opakapaka with the miso plate.. Soooo good!! I've tried their desserts before too.. Fantastic!! Try this place if you want some bomb ass local food from hawaii, you won't be disappointed.
2	Island Flavor.. Hmmm I don't really know what to say about this place...Ambiance: Total FAIL. It feels as if they just put some chairs and tables in a empty lot. No color on the walks but they did just put some random potted plants in the corners..Food: portion wise they give you a TON. I love loco moco's so I have this one a try. The gravy was too thick and the worst part... My meat wasn't cooked. I didn't complaint to the server since I didn't want to wait again while my partner was finished with her food already. I don't know if I would go back for their loco moco but I've heard good things about the other plates. So maybe ill go back and try something different... But not anytime soon.
1	What's with the 4.5 stars ? Food is so mediocre ....I had fried rice omelet ( how could you messed this one up ) unevenly cooked,  taste terrible .
5	This will soon become Monkey's go-to place for meat!  CHICKEN KATSU LOCO MOCO  is a large serving bowl we usually put in the center of the table and serve 6-10 guests from it.  No, here,  this is your order.  A serving bowl half full of rice, giant order of CHICKEN KATSU, eggs, hidden under delicious gravy.  Monkey did ask for gravy on the side, but no biggie.Monkey went the way of MIXED PLATE(2 item combo), to taste more items.  ROAST PORK - tender, moist and delicious sans the gravy.  Man if you ran out of gravy, the food here is still delicious!  CHOP STEAK & ONIONS - delicious as it sounds, but some pieces of steak were tougher than others.  Still, flavor is delectable and Monkey enjoyed every bit of leftovers!  Seriously cannot wait for a plate of FRESH AHI POKE!  Literally a plate full of large hunks of AHI and a side of rice.  The mac salad has to come out in a separate little bowl.  Came here on the way out of town.  Somebody had to finish it, since raw fish during the 4hr drive wouldn't exactly keep.  Monkey made it fit.Service is nothing short of friendly, patient and welcoming.  Monkey thankful to Owner MAILE for a Monkey pic  :)
5	Best Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas. Hands down.
1	Terrible service. We waited 50 minutes to be seated then the waitress was rudeeeeee.  Just so you know we did not wait that long because there were no seats. We waited that long because the did not call our name on the waiting list. I'm sorry but bad service makes all food taste bad.
5	Love this place. I come here almost as a weekly routine. One of the best Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas. Excellent lau lau. If you're trying have some great island food and vibe this is the place to go. I personally love the mix plate with the kalbi and tery chicken.
5	This place is by far the best Hawaiian food in town. They have HUGE portions, totally worth the price. I usually get the Shoyu Chicken on their Thursday special. Staff is extremely friendly and funny. The specials are awesome. Great seasoning on everything. The cakes are huge and delicious. I also love their spam musubi. Go check em out. Had the Kalbi short ribs.....mmmmmm
5	Really good Hawaiian food, and typical with this type of food, they are a bit heavy on the salt. Just like in Hawaii. Large portions.
3	One can say the portions are huge, but the same can be said of most Hawaiian places.  And that said, Island Flavor is also your standard Hawaiian fare.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd certainly go there, but as an out of towner, I don't think I'll make a special trip just to eat there.I had the Korean chicken, and it was good - the texture was great, and it was extra crispy, but although it had a kick to it, it could have had more of a kick, and it was a little bit too salty.  The macaroni salad was also good, but still within the range of what you'd expect.  The rice, and if you have read my other reviews, I am picky about steamed rice, and here, they had the same issue as I have with  a lot of other places, and that is I found the rice to be too soft, and though I ate 75% of the two large scoops, I was not able to eat it all. I sampled some fries and I thought they were your everday run of the mill "thick" fries.   On the specials menu, they had cucumber kim chee for $2.00.  The taste was good, but we only got like a small sampler cup full, which would be about 1 1/2 banchan dishes at a Korean restaurant. Overall, the food was filling and enjoyable; the service was friendly, the people are nice.
4	Food was delicious. Service was good but they could be a little more friendly. Prices weren't that bad.
4	This was my first visit for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon.  They were located on S Durango Dr/W Windmill Ln in Las Vegas.I ordered Spam Musubi and Kalbi Short Ribs.  The server brought out the Spam Musubi on a little plate right away still wrapped in plastic wrap.  She could have at least unwrapped it. The Spam Musubi had a layer of seasoned seaweed sprinkles on the spam which gave it a little more flavor.This was of the best Kalbi Short Ribs that I have had in a Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas. There were 4 thick, tender, juicy, perfectly grilled slices of Kalbi.  Just a little fatty.  It came with a steak knife.  The Kalbi was on a bed of rice and raw cabbage with a scoop of rice and macaroni salad on the plate.  The macaroni salad was good.I asked if they had a Military discount and they gave me a generous discount.  Many of the Hawaiian restaurants in town honor a Military discount.I will be back!
3	While in town we decided to give this a try for lunch...we ordered the ahi tuna poke, oxtail soup, Korean fried chicken wings, kalbi short ribs w/fried rice Mac salad & chantilly cake. Ahi poke was bright & tasted very fresh, the oxtail soup was just ok not to crazy about big ginger, the Korean fried chicken wings was so tiny & very salty, The kalbi short ribs was ok but also tasted salty the bbq pork fried rice was also salty i was hoping for spam fried rice like hawaiian style the mac salad tasted good had a small amount. The chantilly cake was the best it tasted so good!!! I give it 3 stars cuz food was ok & service was ok. Mahalo!
5	I never would have thought of having food that reminds me being back on the island. This place has the authentic island vibe. I like how they stream the local Hawaiian radio station.My Kalbi lunch plate was huge as expected. Fresh grill marks and charbroiled taste. Not Kalbi cooked on a flattop with a rubbery chewy texture. Will return again on my next excursion off the strip.
5	As I opened the door, a wave of sound exploded in my face unexpectedly. I have never been here before so I didn't think that such a small place can have a live band playing. How awesome is that?! I always wanted to try this place because: 1. It's right around my area, 2. I heard a scrumptious amount of pleasant reviews on the food here, and 3. It's Hawaiian food dude! Unfortunately I could not stay and eat inside the restaurant, but I did get to experience the ambience of the atmosphere while I was waiting for my order that I made to-go. First thing that caught my eye that made me happy was the size of the portions of the food when I looked around at people's plate. Second thing was that I could order a mix of the two entree! The menu also gave an option for brown rice too, hellyeah. There were other healthier options too in replacement of the macaroni salad, but that is too good to replace. So when I got my order, I bolted over to my friends house and opened my treasure box of satiation. The portion size, good. I like it. I can eat a whole cow and maybe half a horse, yeah it's kind of a curse sometimes. So I got the chicken katsu and half with the chicken teriyaki. I didn't expect the brown rice to be more of a mushy texture, but I didn't really mind it. It went well with the food in my opinion. The chicken was good, chicken teriyaki was good, and the macaroni salad, too good. I also ate the remaining 1/4 of my girlfriend's food cause she didn't finish it. It also came with a sauce; I think it was for the teriyaki but I just used it for everything lol.. It tastes good so why not. As for the first impression if trying this place, I regret not getting the loco moco to try but there will definitely be a second time.
4	Never on this side of town, so when I was hungry and deep SW, I figured it was time to put it to the test!Typical Hawaiian restaurant vibe, so how's the food compare??Kalbi Ribs...very good! Tender and juicy, not as fatty as 808 Plate (much cheaper though!), but still a great rendition.  This is my go-to dish that I compare all other Hawaiian spots...they are a solid #2 in my book so far :)Shoyu Chicken...good stuff! This was a daily special...very tender and flavorful. Quite a bit more sweet than I was expecting...not too much soy taste.  Grandpa ate up every bit!Spam Musubi...just the right spam/rice ratio, with a little bit of furikake like seasoning! Yum!  It's actually one of the best versions I've had...so easy to mess up such a simple staple!Guava Drink...yes please!  These are very tasty and hit the spot while eating all the great food here.I'll definitely be back... the location is the only holdup for me!Pics :
1	Oxtail tastef like chix broth n was soooooooo greasy!!! Katsu was paired wid bbq sauce.... n it was cold.... Furikake shrimp tasted old. Really dissapointed especially they lettn a lil boy dress in ironman all over the restaurant n not care as he came to bother us 3x while eating.
5	huge portions, great price!  beef and chicken were both delicious. very friendly staff.  we will definitely be back
5	First stop for lunch on the way to Las Vegas with friends. I don't usually eat Hawaiian food so I wasn't sure what to expect. The portions were HUGE and the food was SO delicious. I ordered the Chop Steak & Onions, and the sauce was so good with everything! My boyfriend ordered the Furitake (?) Chicken and that was AWESOME as well. The food took about 15 minutes to come out but that was fine because the kitchen was taking their time to prepare it for us, and we all know that when it comes to food, quality over quantity (which in this case, Island Flavor had both!!). :) This is a must-try if you're around Vegas!!
5	This place is so good, I feel like I should write another review on it. Whenever I want some comfort food, this is the place to go. The staff makes me feel at home and the food never disappoints. It was my first time having POG here and it's so good. You can also find little Iron Man here with hulk hands. So cute. lol
5	So Ono!! It's weird that you have to go Vegas to get the best Hawaiian food. The service is always amazing. When your there you feel like your eating in Hawaii. Come with an appetite because you will be stuffed because the serving sizes are huge. But no complaints here. If you have room for desert order anything. They are all good but my favorite is the Haupia cake. At first I didn't wanna go but I'm sure glad I gave it a try.
5	Great food. Awesome service. Priced right. Always a family feel, full stomachs, and a big smile.
5	Best Hawaiian restaurant in Vegas, hands down! Portions are ginormous! Furikake shrimp is a must. Poke appetizer is to die for and you get such a generous serving for the price!
5	furikake chicken is on point! huge portions
5	Best musubi in town! Everything I've eaten here has been so delicious! Huge portions absolute comfort food. My new favorite Hawaiian restaurant! I'd recommend the roasted pork smothered in gravy or the loco moco breaded chicken on a bead of rice smothered with gravy and topped with an egg. Sooo good!
5	After awaking from a long first night, we had built up our appetites. Since a couple of my friends were craving spam and eggs, this was the first place I thought of. I had this bookmarked in Yelp for awhile. When walking into Island Flavor, I felt like I was on vacation! Well, I was already on vacation anyway. I meant to stay vacationing on the big island of Hawaii. The restaurant wasn't busy and accommodated our group of five guys easily. Since I was the only one who wasn't craving spam and eggs, I went for my next best choice. The Chicken katsu loco moco.The menu offerings looked so tasty, but I wanted to stick with the egg themed entree' at our table. When I got my loco moco, I felt like I was in a eating competition. The bowl that my meal was served in was huge! I had  generous portions of chicken katsu and rice. I didn't want to use the gravy, so I opted it on the side and get the katsu sauce instead. The chicken katsu was nice and crispy from the breading, yet tender inside with the chicken. The egg was a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg. Mixing the yolk with the white rice is always the best!The staff here were very helpful and attentive. If your ever in Vegas and craving some authentic Hawaiian food, check out Island Flavor and give them a try!
3	Dear Island Flavor "Please go back to whatever you guys use to do, it was awesome. Don't take shortcuts. Just serve up some quality stuff as I remembered. And when are you going to get another cash register or at least another way for get us out after eating. When it's busy and we have to wait just to pay we get mad, at least others do. You added more seats and tables but how about more help."Maybe getting more popular isn't a good thing. I've been here many many time but over the last few time they've been pretty consistent at being terrible.  I'm still giving them a 3.5 but it could easily drop to a 3 star rating. Most recently I was extremely SHAME that I brought a bunch of my coworkers here after talking up Island Flavor as one of the best Hawaiian food spots. A few of us ordered the Friday special, which people usually get here on Fridays, and I got OLD lomi lomi salmon and haupia that never set, runny like a soup. The lau lau was either over cooked or tasted like maybe freezer burnt. I thought it was maybe just me but the others also noticed how bad it was and some were pissed.  I'll occasionally be back but it's going be a long time before I bring others. I will always take a chance for good food but if they serve me something bad again I'm done here. If you must go, they're known for some delicious Hawaiian food look at the pics, reviews, and ratings but I don't know anymore. 3 Star is as neutral as it can be, 2 star is where you should be scared of and so is a 1 star which I would have given if it was my first time here.
5	Big portions and the food was just like how I remembered it in Hawaii. Too bad the lau lau is only available on Friday so I didn't get any before I left.
4	One of my favorite local spots for Hawaiian food in vegas. The reason is bc of their chicken katsu Loco moco. Its basically a Loco moco but instead of the beef patties it has chicken katsu. This is amazing and only place that I have seen this dish. The spam musibu has way wayyyy too much rice imo.
2	The food and portions are good. As for customer service and "aloha" atmosphere..did not see it or feel it from the staff. Seemed not friendly and no smiles. Sorry I would have rated this better if the staff was more customer service friendly. Other Hawaiin restaurants have  better customer service.
5	This one is worth the drive. A coworker told me about this place but I live in NW Vegas and this seemed out of the way. I happened to be in the area last night an stopped by. I am glad I did! I got the mix plate with the roast pork and hamburger steak. My wife had the Furikake chicken. It was all great! Staff was friendly and the portions are HUGE! We will be back! The live Hawaiian music was a welcome surprise.
5	Went to Island Flavor for lunch food was great.
4	Whenever I'm stuck on the 9th island for all work (no play), I visit Island Flavor. Almost...almost...makes me forget I'm in the desert and instead right back at home. :) What's cool is the guy who runs it is from the Big Island. So if anyone is going to do local food right in Vegas, it's going to be this guy.My friends had mixed reviews, but I've not been disappointed. I stick with the teri chicken or the chicken katsu loco moco. Always large portions.The only thing I would recommend if you don't like to drink gravy, is to ask for it on the side. They give a BEEEEEEEEG vat of gravy. :) Depending if there's room, you can't go wrong with the mud pie or haupia cake. YUM!And of course, when paying the bill at the counter grabbing a spam musubi for the road. Good local eats when I'm away from home.
5	Never had Hawaiin food before and won't be the last time. Friendly Hawaiin staff and the food is very generously portioned. I can recommend the mixed plate with Hawaiin roast pork and steak and onions with fried rice. I'm from NY and when I come down to Vegas I will be coming back.
4	Got the roast pork Loco moco. It was really good. Only qualm I have is when I asked if they could add a burger patty to it, I was told that it would cost an extra 7.50... $7.50???? MIGHT AS WELL GET ANOTHER FREAKIN LOCO MOCO. GG. Regardless, food was still really good.
5	Good food even greater service! My go to place if I have people from out of town! Roast pork loco moco best rice combo! Poke salad is the bomb! order the fish fresh! Oxtail soup will hit the spot! Love this place! Love the staff very friendly and accommodating!
3	Right next to rhodes ranch. This place was packed fof a sunday. They have around 30-40 seats... Very nice staff. Buffet (jimmy) was playing... Everyone reallh enjoying food and conversation. I ordered to go... Because the niners were on TV. Ordered the sesame poke (3/4 in cubes) tasted very nice... My favorite thing thus far. Korean chicken, even though talked about a lot on yelp- i didnt love it... Actually, i didnt even like it... Ribs were done ok... There are some other things on the menu i will try in the future. Ill be back and rate again.
2	Why am I am giving this establishment a meager 2 stars? Short story: OK food doesn't make up for bad service. And bad service should never be present at a hawaiian restaurant. Chinese, OK. Hawaiian, no.Long story:My sister was visiting with her baby and I wanted to take her, the baby, my dad and my brother somewhere near my area for a quick lunch. I found Island Flavor on my Yelp app and liked what I saw. It wasn't very packed when we came in and they had enough room for our small stroller. Immediately noticed our waitress seemed perturbed that we had brought the stroller in. As we sat down, my sister noticed that her child needed a diaper change so she asked the waitress if they had a changing area in their restroom. Nope. But that was ok, not all restaurants have this luxury. So she took her baby back to the car to change her there. She was back in around 10 minutes and as soon as she sat down, our waitress came by and asked if we were ready to order. We look up at her quizzically because I was sure that she saw my sister just sat down. The waitress scowling then adds, "Are you ready? Yes or no?" I chose to ignore her curt behavior at that moment. My sister quickly made a decision and we got our food. The portions were very plentiful. My dad and sister's order of kalbi ribs was pretty good. My porkchops however were bland and were not grilled as how I imagined porkchops would be. My brother's chicken barbecue was just OK but not as good as other hawaiian barbecue places. After we all got a drink refill, our surly waitress never came back to check on us. I even had to ask for the check from another waitress who I overheard talking to another customer. I believe she said that the owner was at the cash register and that our sour waitress was apparently the owner's daughter. Well, after what seemed like forever, the entire restaurant is almost empty and no waitress to take our credit card, we all get up and I hand our payment to the cashier/owner. I believe we have been perfectly reasonable customers and the baby didn't even make a big fuss so I'm very perturbed by this place. More unforgivable that an owner shows bad customer service at a hawaiian restaurant. The aloha spirit has left this building, folks.
5	By far the best Hawaiian food I've ever had in Las VegasI ordered the short ribs and my sister had the  the chicken katsu both were extremely fresh and not mainstream tasting and the service was great too will be coming back the next time I am in Vegas.My only regret is I wish I ordered more spam Musubi before my road trip back to San Diego
5	Feeling blue..homesick?...walk in and you feel like you are back home..Big portions. ..all the classics...roast pork..Chantilly cake
5	Since moving to Utah in late 2009, I hadn't found a restaurant that served ONO Hawaiian food until I ate at Island Flavor. The first time I went, I ate a whole pound of Hanalei Poi with poke, a bowl of Portuguese bean soup, and a plate of braised beef. Even the waiter advised me that they serve big portions. No Lon L., Aunty ate ALL da food.Had to hana hou before I returned to Utah. Yes, I had another pound of Hanalei poi with their spare ribs special. It was all ONO. Plus I drank a whole glass of ono guava juice. Bought 4 spam musubis to go and enjoyed 2 when I got home to Utah. My grandson enjoyed the other 2.I miss Hanalei Poi and all the ono entrees at Island Flavor. It is top of my to do list when I return to Las Vegas. Until then, I'll be dreaming of your ono food.Mahalo plenty for taking me home to Hawaii with all your ono grinds.
4	The vibe is good, the employees are nice, the food is great, but what's worth it is the portion! Large meals for a great price!
5	The BEST Hawaiian food I've had in vegas. Their short ribs were amazing and I crave their mac salad. If you like Hawaiian food, you must go to this place!
4	one of the best local kine grindz in vegas.  the portions are huge and price is reasonable.  usually i can only fish half my meal and have the rest for dinner.  roast pork loco moco is a definite winner.  korean chicken and roast pork mix plate is also awesome.  whatever you order, you can't go wrong.  but i did come in for the hawaiian plate on friday and i was sadly disappointed.  the lau lau was super dry, haupia was more like a grainy runny pudding.  for hawaiian plate, kauai cafe is much much better.  but all in all, island flavor is a really good place to eat.
4	I can say that this is the best Hawaiian food in town! Serving is so big and the Service is good! will come back and i recommend this place!
5	I can't say I have ever tried big island Hawaiian food but decided to do so while looking for something different over the casino buffets and Asian offerings in Vegas Chinatown (or Asian strip malls) - and what a great place.  Great Hawaiian welcome, service, food, and greater portions.  Ordered the Kalbi short ribs and it was delicious.  My boys (about 8 of us) were also all happy with their selections, service, and portions!
5	Awesome place to eat! I highly recommend coming here with your friends and family. I live all the way down in the east side and its worth the drive. I usually get the chicken katsu, my favorite.
4	What's an east coast guy know about "local grinds". Not much lol but my taste buds know good flavor. And let me say one word.Poke! It's damn good. I have yet to try anything else, but I must say that Korean Chicken looks and smells worth checking out. I'll definitely be getting around to it
4	Me: "That's the closest Hawaiian restaurant by our house."My mom: "What is Hawaiian food?" Me: "Umm. It's a lot of Asian food you've had before. Except there always seems to be macaroni salad on the side."My mom: "What do you mean?"Me: "You know! Like kalbi. WIth macaroni salad."My mom: "What else?"Me: "Uhh, chicken teriyaki. With macaroni salad."My mom: "Is that it?"Me: "Well they have some unique things. They have something called Kalua pork. It comes with macaroni salad too." So I'm going to be completely honest. I don't even totally know what Hawaiian food consists of. I stopped by once to get lunch to go and ordered a 2-item combo with Kalua pork and tonkatsu. I really appreciated that you could substitute white rice for brown at no additional charge. The joint's in what looks like a deserted strip mall and the windows are extra tinted to the point where you're not sure if you're in Detroit or southwest Las Vegas, so I'm not ever sure if it's open or not. Either way, it's good to know we have some dining options in our neck of the woods.P.S. Oh! I forgot to mention there was macaroni salad in my to go order. ALOHA.
5	everything. EVERYTHING is absolutely delish here. staff & service put it over the top.
5	Possibly the best Hawaiian food you will find in town! The portions are huge!!! Loved the oxtail soup and the kalbi ribs were just delicious. oh and did I mention the portions are huge?? The atmosphere is great as they sometimes have live music playing in the restaurant. I just wished it wasn't so far away from where I lived though or I would be here all the time.
5	Everyone is so nice and food is amazing. I always crave for the ahi poke and this place is simply the best for satisfying it!
5	YUMMY!!! The best Hawaiian food I have had here in Las Vegas!!!! Tastes like Kauai!!! The Ahi poke was delicious! Huge portions and great service.  I will definitely be back soon!!!
5	They are now open 7 days a week! Yippee!! ;)I've tried many Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas and this is by far the best. My husband and I have been to Big Island, Oahu, Maui, and Kauai and tried many restaurants. We even asked for their recommendations before traveling to Hawaii and tried the places they told us to go to, and while we were in HI we both said we like Island Flavor more! So far I have not had a bad meal here. Teriyaki chicken is good (and this is something I never order anywhere but I like theirs). Korean short ribs, roast pork, loco moco, katsu, and my favorite is the Poke Salad with raw poke. I like the wontons, purple yam, tomatoes, cucumber, and sesame dressing! Unfortunately, the price has gone up because of the cost of tuna over the years making it an expensive dish, but still good quality nonetheless. The staff is pretty friendly here and the one time my poke was not made correctly (too spicy and way too much sauce) they were more than willing to correct it for me. We always get a seat when we go, but if you go on a Friday night expect a wait. There was live music and dancing when we went on a Friday night.
5	This restaurant is definitely worth a try everything had big portions and the food was delicious and fresh.service was great food was affordable and my family that enjoyed it very much.
5	Best Hawaiian food in town. I love the pork chops. They bring you huge plates. Everything we ordered there was more than one person can eat. Great prices to, so you cant beat it. A must try
5	This place is honestly the best! The service you receive here is that of a home town hero shop back on the islands! They are so friendly and seriously greet everyone that walks in by name, that's just the least this place has to offer. The food is amazing here! The Korean chicken and fried noodles with chicken are delicious! Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get and they always have great specials!
5	This place is a little out of my way but it was worth the trip because the food was delicious! I had the Ox Tail soup on a hot day and it was so good! The broth had a savory taste and it was filled with meat and veggies. I like that the rice and mac salad was also included. I like eating rice with my soup because it reminded me of Sinigang . I don't know if I spelled that right but it is a Filipino soup that my mom makes. The mac salad was awesome I could have easily ate two scoops! I had the guava cake for desert because it was pink ..that is my favorite color . The waitress also recommended it .  The cake was nice and moist and it wasn't overly sweet. If I'm ever near this location  Island Flavor would definitely be on my list!
5	This place is amazing! The staff is super friendly and I love their Hawaiian accents! The food is also really cheap for the amount that you're getting. I tend to order the half orders because one full serving is way too much! The only time I ever get a full order is if I'm ordering to-go so that I can eat it throughout the day. My favorite dish is the loco moco plate. The meat is huge!! They probably pack it there themselves because I rarely ever see such big portions anywhere else. It's a nice change from seeing the single beef patties on top of the rice like most other places. They're also very generous on the amount of gravy they pour over everything. Oh and the egg was cooked perfectly. I always get my eggs sunny side up and they have never messed it up here. Another one of my favorite items here is the furikake ahi poke. It used to be a lot cheaper per pound but now they sell it by market price. I believe it was around $14/lb last time I was there. Not too bad but it was definitely a lot cheaper before. They can do half orders for the poke too if you don't wanna spend too much. Another one of my favorites here is the katsu curry plate. Although last time I got it, the curry was a little salty. Not overly salty but I had to eat more rice to compensate. I've heard their oxtail soup here is to die for. I haven't tried it yet but it's on my list of things to try along with their guava cake. I can't wait! Island Flavor is my go to hawaiian food spot. Cheap food with giant portions... can't beat that!
4	I was not disappointed.  Had the Loco Moco, and it was an extremely hearty portion.  The gravy used to smother it all was very tasty.  Even the beef patty seemed high quality. I will be back!
2	I don't particularly enjoy writing negative reviews, especially for a place that I once loved and highly recommended. Because we absolutely loved their kalbi short ribs, we decided to order a party tray from them. (1/2 pan size kalbi short ribs = $80) Imagine my disappointment when several of the short ribs were blackened, as in burned. They sat on the bottom of the tray and went unnoticed for awhile. We were wondering why our guests weren't eating them and that's when we saw the unsightly pieces. My mom went to the restaurant later on that week to let them know. They took down our phone number and said they would call us to talk about it. No one called. A few months later, my mom returned and went in to talk to them and again was told someone would call us to talk about it. We were told that usually the owner would have checked out our order before it went out, but on that particular day, she came in after we picked up the order. Therefore, she never saw the order go out.  Again, no call from them.Because I was so disappointed with that experience, the food and the lack of customer service, I decided to just not eat there anymore.After almost a year of protesting, we finally decided to order food from there again. I initially tried ordering Pork Lau Lau on a Friday, but was told they didn't have any. I ended up with the combo Kalbi short ribs and furikake shrimp. My short ribs were blackened again! However, the Husband's order of short ribs were just fine. Also, the shrimp just didn't taste that great anymore. My Mom always orders the oxtail soup and always comments on how fatty their version is. You can see chunks of fat on theirs that probably should have been trimmed a little. (I'm all down for a little fat, but theirs is just too much.)Their tuna poke salad, both raw or cooked, was pretty damn good...especially the dressing. But it's since doubled in price and not really worth it anymore. Overall, I'm pretty sad that Island Flavor isn't in our repertoire of food choices these days. Quality and service had just gone down since they first opened and I get a sour taste in my mouth when I think of them now. With their current 4.5 star rating on Yelp, they won't be hurting for business I'm sure.
5	My favorite dish: Furikake Chicken - you have to come here simply to have this!My must have special: Smoked Meat - not sure what day it is on, but this stuff is good!My ultimate guilty dessert pleasure: Kona Mud Cake or Bread Pudding; both are equally yummy.My fiance is in love with this place and every time he comes to Vegas, we have to go here at least once. But we have double tapped this joint during our visits many times. You simply cannot go wrong with any dish here. Our ultimate favorite is the Furikake Chicken, but I also like the fresh poke, the Friday Lau Lau serving, and of course breakfast with Portuguese sausage. Some folks rave that the Kalbi ribs here are bomb, but to me they're just ok.
5	Loooove the furikake chicken!!!! The chicken katsu loco moco is not bad too. Portions are huge.. Could feed 3 women. But i dont mind, im looking forward to taking my leftovers to go. Definitely coming back!
4	Pretty yum food.  I had the korean bbq/chicken katsu plate with mac.  korean bbw was a bit well done and chewy, and katsu was katsu.  Service was awesome and would definitely return due to this.  As for desserts, I would recommend the guava cake.  Had Chantilly cake which was 3 stars and coco puffs with chantilly cream= 2.5 stars.  guava was 4 stars!
4	Four stars for decently cooked food with large portion sizes. Nice staff. However, I wanted to try the tuna poke salad and it was listed as "market price" - ended up being $16. Was so disappointed. :(  I wouldn't mind coming here again but I do wish that the tuna poke was more reasonably priced.
4	Honestly this place is actually pretty good. I've heard from mangy people to come here but never had a chance to.The restaurant had a look to it with friendly service.The only thing I didn't like about this place is the loco moco. The gravy is a tad bit too salty. Taste like salt to me. But it's just my opinion idk.Overall this is a good place to eat! I'd definitely come back!
5	Hands down the best Hawaiian restaurant! No other place compares to this place! The food just feels so authentic the staff is super friendly they make you feel at home! And make sure you order the guava juice!
5	Best food and Paleo friendly for all my crossfitters.  This place is kid friendly as well as ohana friendly.  This place is clean, wholesome, and feels at home.  I wish you guys were in NYC.  I always come back here every time we visit LV.
5	Excellent everything food and service were great, best hawaiian food ive had here in vegas. I just hope they open one a little closer tobme with a bigger location but till then I will keep going there
5	We have been here a few times!! Every time it's better and better. Best Hawaiian food in Vegas. The Hawaiian pork roast is amazing.
5	best Hawaiian food in Vegas period. everything on the menu is delicious, but if you're going there for the first time I recommend that you get the combo plate so that you can try multiple things at once. if you have room for dessert their Kona cake... wow.  they also sell spam musubi and banana bread at the counter. grab those when you can because they sell out quick! in addition to the food very friendly service. it's definitely a must try. you won't regret it.
4	This is the closest Hawaiian place to us and I was so happy that they got such great ratings on yelp. Although I didn't feel like it was mind-blowing, Island Flavor will now be our go-to Hawaiian place whenever we have the craving for it. Furikake Chicken- I have never had Furikake Chicken before this and first bite was AMAZING. It was crispy, sweet, and cooked just right. After about the third bite, it was getting to be too sweet for me so I stopped.Kalua Pig- Every time we try a new Hawaiian place, I ALWAYS order their Kalua Pig first. (i don't know why) There's was good but I feel like I could use a bit more of the juices. The meat was tender and the cabbage was cooked just right, but I would have wanted some of the soup to moisten my rice withChicken Katsu- pretty standard. Their sauce with the katsu was delicious. Finally, a katsu sauce that hasn't been watered down!Roasted Pork Loco Moco- I know there are a lot of amazing reviews on this but I thought it was just 'meh'. The gravy was a little lighter than I would like and it lacked a bit of flavor. Maybe it was just an off night? I feel like loco moco is a hawaiian staple, so to mess it up would be blasphemy.  I mean they didn't "mess it up" but I have had and (made) better. Again, it may have been an off night and it definitely won't stop me from coming back. Spam musubis- these were awesome and even had a layer of extra flavor in between the spam and rice. I'm not sure what it was but I know it was green and may have had sesame seeds? Whatever it was, we loved it!Chantilly cake- DELICIOUS! it was as if chocolate cake and tres leches had a baby. Guava Cake- So good and so PINK! it wasn't overwhelmingly guava-y and not too sweet. Just right!Our first impression was not as good as I would have liked. We ordered our food to-go and when we got home, we realized we didn't have the right order. Thankfully, it only takes less than 10 minutes to get there from our house. My bf drove back to get our order and he came back with a complimentary piece of guava cake. They were all really nice when we were there, so not mad at all. Definitely coming back!
5	I would drive all the way back to Las Vegas, just to come eat here! It was such a random find...we were driving to Vegas and I was really craving some poke and somehow found this place because it was still open by the time we reached the area. Located off the strip, in a small strip mall with plenty of parking. Upon walking in, I knew we were going to have a nice hawaiian meal. Almost everyone there was hawaiian and there was a guy singing and playing his ukelele. First and foremost, the service here is beyond amazing! The lady running the place is the sweetest. She's fast and efficient, makes great suggestions and she cares so much about her food! And the food...oh my goodness!!!! So yummy. We ordered the shoyu poke as an appetizer. And it was such a large amount...I definitely had my poke fix:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=liUDL0_QkxmQ6GZwxsd8YA&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggI ended up ordering the chicken furikake, which I've never had before but it was suggested:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=p_62gNsitkBL2YWYKZDETw&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggIt was probably the best thing I've ever had in a long while. It was so good!!! My sasquatch ordered the kalbi short ribs:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Hvuk6dldYcVr1aajI25Rrw&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggHe was so hungry he started eating them quickly. The nice lady who was running the place saw that the short rib was slightly undercooked. She was so concerned, even though he didn't mind much. And she ended up putting in a nicely cooked new piece into our to-go boxes. She was so sweet. So definitely it was a 5 star experience for me. The food. The service. It's worth the drive! I miss this place already and wish there was something like this in LA!
5	Ok.... This is by far the place to go if you want authentic local food.  Their ox tail is to die for and their Chantilly cake and cocoa puffs just like liliha on Oahu.  I'm very picky when in comes to food...... And I rate this the best!
5	Gotta eat here once or twice a month. Can't get chantilly cake anywhere else that good. The food is awesome not to mention the servings.
5	Fast, friendly service with HUGE portions. I feel like I underpaid. Food was delicious and felt just like home back on Maui. Will be returning anytime I'm feeling homesick or just wanna eat some ono kine grindz!
5	The best Furikake Chicken, Lau Lau, and Kalbi!!!
5	What I had: Mix plate = Roasted pork (w/ gravy) (left) + Souyou Chicken (right) + 2 scoops rice + Mac + drink = $14+The waitresses are nice and attended to me 3-4 times. The "big one" has a strong Hawaiian vernacular which I likedTHE GOOD: Better roasted pork then most other hawaiian places, covered with gravy loco moco style while other Hawaiian restaurants actually use hamburger patties for their loco moco. I prefer this roasted pork, reminds me of turkey and gravy and will PUT YOU TO SLEEP - I saw someone on here complaining about it being mostly fat - He must've gotten the bottom of the barrel because mine was mostly meat with only 1-2 pieces of fat - HUGE Portions - bring a toothpick ;)The Souyou chicken is like a bowl with ACTUAL chicken breast and leg pieces in the soupy teriyaki-like thick broth. Not too sweet which is good cause teriyaki can make or break a dish... teriyaki taste was perfect, not too sweet, not too salty - This was on special because it was thursday and it was $9 by itself - but the waitress was kind enough to suggest i get the mix plate with that on it instead which was only $13 (before drink(s) - the chicken skin fat was ACTUALLY EDIBLE... unlike L&L BBQ which is veiny, super fat and makes me gag. Great food periodThe mac and rice were decent but nothing to brag aboutTHE BAD: The "Tropical flavor" ice tea was disappointing because I was expecting something NICE - it was REALLY just passionfruit ice tea and it was bland and not even sweet. I had to add a couple Splenda packs to make it goodAll-in-all I would highly recommend this place. It may seem pricey but the portion size will leave you stuffed and makes it well worth the money - You could NOT eat all day, then eat one $14 meal here and be stuffed.
5	Have you ever watched Lilo & Stitch? Pretty good, right? Well, sit your little aloha down here, and come hungry! Can I just tell you right now that if you like gravy, then you're going to order chicken katsu loco moco. It's crazy good! (You can get el pollo loco after if you want). Dude, seriously, it's in a bowl! And the bowl is bigger than your stomach!! A heaping of golden chicken katsu on top of perfect (jasmine?) white steamed rice. And to top all off... An explosion of gravy everywhere.. In a bowl! I also forgot to mention, two eggs cooked in any style you want.. In a bowl! Not a plate.. A massive bowl. Like eating cereal for dinner (+5000 more calories) I prefer over easy.. So you split the yolk and mix it with the gravy and it's like a super special moment, nah mean? Aunty, the waitress, recommend you try da half kalbi short ribs half furikake chicken, brah! Broke da mout! (Which it think translates to hella bomb!!) and I try em wat Aunty say n I tell her .. "Oooh Aunty, it's onolicious!" By the way, if you think you can finish it all in one sitting, you're going to hell cause you're a liar! You can't. You're not supposed to. You get a box and you take 'em home braddah!Btw, on aloha Fridays, try the lau lau. & if you have room for dessert, dare you to get the kona coffee mud pie! Good thing 85% of the time it's aloha Friday on Fridays 100% of the time!
5	For casual Hawaiian in LV, this is the place.What I had: I was in the mood for greens (after eating too much fried food and pizza), so I tried their salad, mixed plate of cabbage & pork + ribs.  My friend had fried noodles.   We couldn't even try dessert.The salad was very simple just cut romaine with a couple of slices of some type of sweet purple potato (?), cucumber and tomato.  The dressing was really good and it was topped with all these crispy fried wontons.  nothing special, but pleasing.The meals were really enjoyable.  Cabbage & pork is my comfort food, and this was perfectly seasoned and moist.  The ribs are to die for:  really must have.  And the fried noodle special was thoroughly enjoyable.  Can't wait to go back and explore more of the menu.
5	I am originally from the Big Island.  Hilo to be specific.  I grew up with food like this and have been trying to find some type of local food in Las Vegas.  I've been to most "Hawaiian" food places in Las Vegas.  None that I have been to have got it as well as Island Flavor.  We ordered the Poke (Shoyu), My wife had the Kalua Pig and Cabbage and I had the Combo Korean Chicken and Kal Bi.The portions were enormous.  Service was ok.  I don't go out to eat for service.  They make their money from the service they give or not.  So the service does not affect my score.
3	I now only come here for the sole purpose of their ahi poke, furikake style. I freaking love that stuff. I'm basing this review off of my recent visit a few days ago:When we walk in, we are immediately seated. Get our drink orders, take a few minutes to decide and all that jazz. Finally we go with an order of ahi poke for me, oxtail soup, a mixed plate of chopped steak and onions and chicken katsu, and a bowl of saimin (can't remember the name). Ahi poke - 5/5 like always. Huge chunks of fresh fish. I can never finish the last few pieces of the regular order but I'm still hungry when I do the half order. That furikake style is the way to go though. I'm never going to order anything else!Oxtail soup - 0/5 which was very disappointing since it was $11 of pure saltiness. At first I was in denial and blamed it on the ginger in the soup but as I continued to sip on it I couldn't even eat it anymore. SO SALTY! The meat wasn't very tender. Very disappointed with this one. Chopped steak and onions & chicken katsu - 3/5 because the chicken katsu was incredibly bland. There was really no flavor at all and not even the katsu sauce could save it. They should have transferred some of the salt from that oxtail soup to that chicken. And usually I can never go wrong ANYWHERE with chicken katsu but wow I was disappointed since this place is a bit more pricier than Ohana Hawaiian BBQ. The chopped steak and onions was good though. Very greasy but it was good. Those onions even taste better than the katsu. Saimin - 3/5. It was just OK nothing too special. At least this wasn't salty like the oxtail so that was a plus I guess. I dunno maybe I'll give this another try one day. Service - 3/5. Does anyone ever smile here anymore!? I used to love the servers here because they were very friendly and welcoming but geez can you all at least pretend like you're in a good mood? It's a huge turn off when I can tell that workers hate their job. At least pretend like you want to be there! Our server especially was giving off a rude vibe. For the oxtail we asked for extra bowls so we can all share (there was 4 of us) and he only comes out with one. When we asked him again for more bowls he was like "more bowls? Okayyyy but there's one right there." Fool I'm not blind, I know how to count. Don't try to pull it off like were stupid or something. We obviously are asking for more so we can share and we told you twice. That set me off a little.. but I wasn't going to make his day worse so I let it go. I was really disappointed during this visit because I usually love coming here. Aside from the excellent poke, the food and service was just ehhh. Well I guess as long as I keep coming here for the poke, I won't be disappointed! :)
5	This is probably my favorite hawaiian restaurant in vegas. The portions are actually large portions! All the other places don't give you much for your buck. I've tried the kalbi, saimin, poke, etc. I love it here and the service is great. You have to get dessert! Love the haupia ice cream cake. Big portion again so you need to share but it is amazing. If they aren't open then I'm not eating hawaiian food anywhere else. I'd wait till the next day.
5	Awww yeah. I meant to go to Island Style but got routed here instead. Located in a nondescript Vegas strip mall. Walked in and the girls that work there are really nice. After a flight from SFO, we are super hungry. We ordered the stuff below:Furikake ahi poke...ah good stuff. Came out a bit on the cold side, but the flavor on them cubes were on point. Not so powerful, but just right. Onions, hawaiian salt, fresh cracked pepper, and some oilChicken katsu... good but not great. Average taste, on the dry side. But still good when you're hungry.Furikake chicken...dang! broke da mouth dis one. Geez, so tasty and flavorful and Im sure oh so bad for you but whatever. I'm in it for the taste. Love this dish.Kalua cabbage...it's good, but the pork that I got was more on the fatty side. I like mines with lean pork. But it was still good, and not overly salty like some other places. Fried rice....also good, but not great. But I also compare fried rice to my faves at Side Street Inn and Big City Diner in Hawaii.All in all, this place is really good. Come here for good food. And although we were way too full to eat their dessert, their haupia cake looked friggin amazing.
4	I really can't get enough of this place. Although it's way off the strip and out of the way for us tourists, we still find ourselves making a visit to this restaurant almost once every Vegas trip.The Chicken Katsu Loco Moco is amazing. No other Hawaiian restaurant offers Loco Moco with Chicken, always traditional with the burger patty. The gravy is what sets Island Flavor's Loco Moco apart from everyone else's.. Grandma's secret recipe is the best! I suggest asking for the gravy on the side because they give you a lot where you can take the rest home and make a whole new breakfast with it!The Furikake Ahi Poke was very fresh and well seasoned. It comes in a half or full order but the half was a pretty good amount as an appetizer for two.The Korean Chicken wings were very flavorful and crispy.. would be even better with a pint of beer. ;)The saimin was just okay, nothing special but still perfect for a cold day.Great food, great restaurant.. owner talked about opening a location in LA. I'm sure that would make a lot of people very happy!
4	Ok let's start off by saying I'm prejudice to this place because I'm Hawaiian. After my favorite Hawaiian restaurant closed (Hawaiian hale) I was feeling kinda bummed out. But low and behold I heard about this Hawaiian restaurant that opened up and they come from the big island. So u know what that means, had to come and try it. I was expecting L&L style cuisine the norm for most Hawaiian dubbed restaurants. But was greatly surprised to to see the menu. It still has some classic L&L dishes u would expect. Kalbi ribs etc. But it's the non L&L dishes the caught my attention. Portugese bean soup (one of my favorites), Aloha LauLau Fridays, hoisin baby back ribs, Korean chicken and roast pork loco moco to name a few.. I have tried all of these and they are delicious.You must come and give this place a try..
1	horrible, horrible service, if i can give this place a negative star i would. there is no aloha in the atmosphere in this place. needs better staff. my family and i waited 10 min. it was going to be our 1st time eating here but no acknowledgement to either wait or just take a sit. the worst part was there was an employee a heavy set girl but the register and she did not once even say we'll be with you in a bit. and the kitchen staff was just staring at us. just had to leave i have a toddler super hungry don't time for this. i can only imagine if my family stayed how we would get serve if they didn't even acknowledge us at the door. also this place is super small and for the area its located i thought more of the place but i was let down!
1	This place is horrible Idk about the food the service was so bad we just left we walked in and the lady at the register had an attitude all the employees saw us standing the for almost 10 min and no one sat us or even attempted to tell us to wait so we just left.
4	Going here on a Sunday for a late lunch was probably not the best time. It was pretty busy! I ordered a mixed plate with kalbi and chopped steak. The flavor was delicious, but the kalbi was quite chewy. I love the macaroni salad! The dessert portions were large. We ordered a guava cake and banana bread pudding. The guava cake was moist and sweet... But not too sweet. The bread pudding was yummy but a bit burnt. Overall, I would go back and try it again.
5	Great Food! Friendly Staff! Aloha Stye!
4	Give this local grindz a 4.5! Pretty authentic Hawaiian food here with big portions. Of course the price goes along with it, but I must say....tastey!!! Don't waste your money on the guava cake, when u can have the kona mud pie. The guava didn't taste fresh. Must try their combo plate roast pork and kalbee! Oh and also their furikake chicken, Ono! Fried rice was a no go as it's too dry and best when using non sticky rice. Chicken katsu loco moco almost gave me a heart attack as it was so huge! Friendly staff and lots of memories of the islands.
3	I'm giving Island Flavor a 3 star review because when I went there (only been once) it was a Friday at around 7:30 pm and the place was FREEZING. There was a wait and there is no where for a waiting party to sit, so we had to go outside abs stand or sit in the car. The decor.....well there's no decor or even an attempt at one. It's a small restaurant in a strip mall and it shows for it. Food was good, the Chicken Katsu a bit flavorless but still good. The Portuguese Bean Soup tasted more like Pork and Beans from a can, it was just ok. Eating in freezing temperatures is not fun and the servers weren't the friendliest. It's ok for a quick or "I'm driving by it" bite.
5	I've eaten at many Hawaiian food places in Las Vegas, this my favorite. Great food, big portions the food is not half assed like other food places.
5	Food was exceptional for the price!  Staff was absolutely superb!!! Desert was good.....tad chilly so make sure you bring a light jacket when dining in.  Atmosphere reminds you of a cafeteria setting.  Overall a must go to if in the area!
5	DESSERT!!!!! AMAZING! Where has this lil gem been hiding! We came here to eat dessert and it was packed! After I saw that I knew we were in right place! We sat down and ordered the following  Haupia Cake Bread PuddingChantilly Cake Kona Coffee Mud CakeNot just with the first bite but every single bite was an eye closer! When you put that fork in your mouth with that fluffy Chantilly cake you close your eyes and need a moment of  silence! We only went for dessert and will be coming back for food! Service is great, casual relax place! One of the best desserts I have had in my life!  Ps  portions are big! Share with friends we did and still had leftovers!
4	Haven't been to this place for a long time order the short ribs and teriyaki chicken and for dessert the Kona coffee pie. Getting the food to go so once consumed I'll let you all know how the food was.Well, I ate the whole thing lol and it was really tasty.  Short ribs have a tendency to have more fat than meat but this place gives plenty of meat, nice flavor, tender...perfect. The Kona Pie was really good but the crust was a little too sweet for my taste. Chicken teriyaki was pretty good also. This place is the real deal so if you want more of the authentic Hawaiian food flavor come and give this place a try. Have a wonderful day and happy yelping  your fellow yelpie xoxox
4	A loooooot of hype about this place has been going on since I have been talking about how I was going to be in Vegas this past weekend. Great local feel!! All the employees were like auntys and uncles (Hawaii slang) and it was as if I was dining at some restaurant at home =]I had a hard time choosing between chicken katsu and the katsu loco moco. They both sounded SOO SO OSOO OOSOOSOOO good! Not to mention the people around me were eating katsu loco mocos and I might have droooled a little...But I stuck with ordering the plain katsu because I knew I wasnt going to be able to finish all of my food and so I thought it would be easier to save! Saving a katsu loco moco makes me think of soggy chicken katsu and Idk if I am really a fan of that.Katsu was ON POINT. I love it when katsu is crispy and their katsu was just that! Omg and their macaroni salad was super delicious too. They have huge pieces of pepper and it really gave your mouth a little kick while eating it.. i enjoyed that. 2 scoops rice, a mound of katsu and 1 scoop mac salad for $9??? WIN. WIN. WIN. They also give you a nice container of sauce. Im a sauce lover so I NEED lots of sauce :3Plus the service was so friendly and wonderful! "You need to eat half of your plate to get a take out box!" *jokingly of course. But we laughed. I think all of us were a little beat up from clubbing and shennanigans from the night before so eating a large meal of meat and rice was not high up on the agenda before a 6 hour car ride to LA... Still delicious though and I am actually eating my leftovers as I type this!
5	First timers,  we ordered a pound of shoyu ahi poke (fresh ), spam and eggs, combo plate with kalbi short ribs and furtikake chicken.. Everything was good but the furtikake chicken was amazing! We will definitely be back.Oh and the service was good too!
4	Food is delicious! Only reason I'm only giving 4 stars is the service could be better. But even with so-so service I'll still keep coming back for the food! Love the combo plates. The Kalbi ribs and furikake chicken and shrimp are so good! Love love love the food! Oh, did I mention that I LOVE the food??!!!
4	PROS:     Portions - you could easily share with someone if you aren't into leftovers      Hours - open late!      Quality of food - everything I had here was delicious. The better half did a "pick two" with the shrimp and Hawaiian pork and I had the chicken katsu. We would have ordered more if we weren't stuffed with leftovers in hand  already.CONS:      Service - very wishy washy depending on the staff working that day. One of the girls is extremely friendly while one of the other servers always has a confused look on her face and doesn't bother asking if you'd like the green salad or macaroni salad, which I think are extremely different and can make or break a meal. VERDICT:      While the service here sucks, the quality of food (taste and portions) will keep me coming back when I'm in the area.
3	If your homesick or just looking for some Good hawaiian food, this place is your home.I travelled to Hawaii a few years back and this place brought back a few memories of a few local eateries I use to visit. The staff are friendly and have no problem answering any questions you might have.I order the boiled sweet potato and the katsu chicken. Both dishes came out in a fairly decent time frame and were presented in a local style cafe. I will say This business isn't about how it's presented, it's about the food and it was all cooked to perfection.Recommending here will be no problem for sure!! They are great with kids, so a family setting is assured!My only knock was we did wait a little while for our server to come take our orders, but I think she was pretty slammed, so I can't fault her
5	Still my favorite place to get Hawaiian food!  Everything about this place keeps me coming back because this is how any authentic Hawaiian joint should be: super friendly service (they treat you like family here), big portions, great poke & desserts.  I remember since my first time here, I've been hooked.  Some of my favorite include: - chop steak- loco moco- furikake shrimp- shoyu poke (so fresh!)I love their guava juice here and for dessert, they have awesome guava cake!  Even the mac salad is better than most places.
5	The best Hawaiian spot in the sw area! Mixed plate and ribs are the bomb! The staff is super nice and the portions are huge. Definitely gotta check this place out.
5	Best place for Hawaiiian food outside the Hawaiian Islands. The restaurant has a feel as if you were back in Hawaii, especially the great customer service, as you would see it back in Hawaii.Quality of food : Superior!!! It hard to describe it but its very delicious. Portion size is huge! One entry can serve two people or come in very hungry.Will go back when im back in town!! Good job! you earned another loyal customer!!!
4	This place is great, the Loco Moco is my favorite. I love chicken breasts, and I believe most of their chicken is rib. (That sounds so dirty). We've tried every dessert here... and hot damn they are all delicious. You can tell this is true Hawaiian cuisine when you walk in to the restaurant and it is loaded with Island natives. I always feel like the record scratches and all eyes are on use each time we walk in though. My friends love the short ribs, and daily specials. Make sure if you come here you save room for dessert.
5	Authenticity? Well, this place seems to be a go-to place for Hawaiian nativesPricing? Plates average $9-$11 and can easily feed 2.  Makes this place a frequent option for our family.Service? Pretty darn goodKids? Kids always love teriyaki and the Kona Mud PieFood? It's hella hearty and comforting.  Wife loves the macaroni salad.  Recommendations:  Poki salad, Tonkatsu w/ Gravy, Steak Teriyaki,, Loco Moco, Fried noodles & Teri chicken.I have yet to try the haupia cake since I'm the only one in my family who loves coconut, but one of these days!
5	Best Hawaiian in Vegas.
5	Best authentic Hawaiian food in the US.  I am going with this bold statement because I have not had anything close to the food at Island Flavor.  The pulled pork, the ox-tail soup, and the loco mocos are awesome.  These meals come with a side salad(including macaroni salad) and rice.  The prices are great and one dinner can feed two people.  The portions are super huge.  If you can still muster up some more, their desserts are a good compliment.  The mud pie is super good!!  Enjoy!
4	Was in the area around lunch time and I mean literally in the area because this place is really out there. About a couple miles west of the 215 off the Durango exit, you will find a little bit paradise at this location. Well, foodwise anyway. As you come in, you will see that they have plenty of tables. Since it was lunchtime it was a bit busy but I was still able to get an open table. I was greeted warmly and was sat down right away. Looking over the menu, I decided to go with the mixed plate combo of Kalbi Ribs and Kalua Pork. I went with Brown rice for no extra charge which is a plus. Lastly, it comes with a side of Macaroni Salad.I got 3 nice pieces of Kalbi Ribs. I thought they were a bit on the salty end but still ok. The Kalua Pork came in a cup mixed with cabbage and basically in its own cooked juices. Good flavor. The Macaroni Salad was really good. I can taste the pepper that has been mixed into it. The Brown Rice was a bit dry like they cooked it early in the morning and it has been on warm the whole time. Overall I think the Ribs could have been a little less salty and the Brown Rice maybe could of had some kind of teriyaki sauce on it so that it wouldnt of been so bland.Service was pretty good. Got everything I needed in a timely manner. I spent a total of 13 bucks and some change because the if you get the Kalbi Ribs as one of your choices, its a dollar extra. Overall, its not a bad to place to eat especially if you are in the area. Next time I am thinking of trying their Poke Salad although people have said that it has doubled in price. I guess I missed out on those days then. Once I try it, we will see if its worth the price.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #107 "Island Flavor in the boonies, literally"
5	I eat here all the time because the first day i visited i had my money's worth and the services was awesome.the food is great,you can't go wrong.
5	The only Hawaiian BBQ place I'm used to from Cali is L&L Hawaiian BBQ but that place has no comparison to Island Flavor. HUGE portions! Super fresh food. Prices are definitely decent. What I tried:$12 for a combo plate with two diff types of meats. (meals come with 2 scoops of rice (they have brown rice), & a scoop of macaroni salad. I tried the furikake chicken X kalbi short ribs. Short ribs were good, not chewy & not too fatty. Chicken was a little on the sweet side but super crispy.$9 chicken katsu loco moco. I had the gravy put on the side so my chicken was super crispy. $14 furikake ahi tuna. Fresh & big chunks. Flavoring was really good but just a little too smokey.Can't wait to go back to try more!
4	This is the closest thing I can get to getting food like in Hawaii! I feel like I am actually back on the island. Everyone there sounds like they are from Hawaii and the atmosphere is just like it as well! The food is so good and the serving size is so huge. The prices are freaking awesome! My favorite Hawaiian place to go here in Vegas!
1	The one star is not because of the quality of the food, the food was great. We started out with ahi poke, it came out in decent time, huge chunks of ahi, seasoned well with sesame.. delicious! My boyfriend and I both ended up getting the breakfast with rice and eggs, his with Portuguese sausage and mine with spam. Again, both very good.. but then again, how can you really mess those up? haha. Ok, now to the one star.. Upon walking in, there was a lady at the register right next to the door, she didn't say anything. She didn't even budge to maybe attempt to acknowledge that we walked in. My boyfriend then asked her how SHE was doing, she answered and then nothing! He then asked if we just seat ourselves, she said 'sure'.. no menus, nothing.. So I took it upon myself to grab two menus and we took a seat. (mind you, we were the only two in there besides the employees). Someone eventually came over and took our order.. "are you two ready yet?".. uh, yeah..sure.. sorry for the inconvenience. Just when we thought we were in the home stretch, the lady at the register starts making this god awful clearing of a throat noise every 45-60 seconds. Over and over and over and over...(fast forward to us leaving..) and over again. It wasn't just a little ah hem, it was like she had something seriously stuck in there and I was completely surprised she didn't end up spitting a chunk of something each time. It was so bad that it got to the point where my boyfriend was going to ask her if she needed him to get her water or something for her throat. Overall, food was good, but the service..I will NOT be returning because it was just THAT bad. I'm sorry to inconvenience you with my patronage, I won't be doing that anymore.
4	After a nice dinner out with my friend, we decided we wanted a little dessert to top off our evening. Thinking about all our options in the area, we finally decided to head to Island Flavor. I had never been before, but my friend kept raving about their cakes, so I was excited. I opted for the guava cake and my friend ordered the Haupia cake. I also ordered a kalbi plate to-go for my fella.The guava was delicious, but the Haupia was my real favorite. Both were incredibly fluffy and light. Delicate flavors, I can't wait to come back for their desserts alone. Service was quick and refills were plentiful. Our takeout order was ready quickly and we were on our way. I couldn't resist taking a bite or two of my fella's kalbi plate as well. The meat was flavorful and cooked well. It had a nice smoky flavor and the mac salad was one of the better versions I've had. Not overly creamy and complemented the meat and rice perfectly.The food was great and I look forward to coming back to try the rest of their menu.
5	If Island Flavor isn't your  #1 Authentic Hawaiian Spot, then its definitely top 3 on anyone's list. This is the spot to go. Hawaiian Food is probably one of my fav things to eat. we can sit here and talk about how good the place ism but I like to rate places  in comparison to others in the entire city. my favorite dish is kalua pork. the taste here is different from the others, not sure what it is, but it's like its cooked fresh everytime, one way you can tell is by looking at the cabbage, and its color.Second kalbi ribs, amazing taste, I've had it at other places, and this is definitely a cut above the rest. great service, and they make you feel welcome. I don't work to far from the place, so its definitely a great place to go. They have so many other things that they don't serve at other hawaiian places or they're version is wayy better than others. it might just be me, but I definitely recommend anyone visiting vegas to try this place first for hawaiian before any other place
5	This place blew our minds. From the entree and BOMB macaroni salad, to the amazing mud pie dessert and absolutely amazing and friendly staff.... This place is 5 stars all around. We'll definitely be back!!!!
5	The atmosphere feels like you were back home, excellent tasting food, Hawaiian sized portions, and our server Lei is one of the nicest servers there is!
5	All I'll say is that I was never really a boasting fan of Hawaiian food because it seemed way too simple to be considered it's own food. Now, I don't come here to eat spam, eggs, and rice because anyone can cook that at home. It's like buying cereal at a restaurant.Nevertheless,  I will always be a fan of the Hoison glazed ribs! The Korean chicken, fried chicken, and katsu are also good too. But if there is something worth drooling for here, it is certainly the ribs. It is more pricey than everything else on the menu but the portions of this dish will make you feel every penny of that $14 you spend here.
3	Food is good but need to wait a little on their rush hour.
5	Ono grindz!!!! Food makes me miss home so much. Take out or eat in is always delicious. Staff is always very friendly & they even play live music! Definitely a favorite spot to eat. Everything we have ordered here is delicious.
5	Came here today at the recommendation of another yelper Anthony P. I've been here before and ordered the normal kalua pig or kalbi and It was pretty good. Anthony recommended I try the Hoison glazed ribs and holy shit he was right. They are fall off the bone perfect and for the price I think they are losing money. Most places charge $20 just for the ribs but for $14 you get some great ribs and 2 sides. Suffice to say I have a new rib place.Don't think they are being rude if you don't "feel" the service, They treat you like family which feels really good. Aloha spirit is all over this place and it feels pretty good.
4	Ordered a mixed plate with the teriyaki steak and fudukaki shrimp. We have come here for a few years and over the year the food is either salty, but they always gave plenty of food especially the meat. Tonight it looked alittle skimpy on the meat and the shrimp was tiny. Of course they give you the two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad. When we go we always split a plate as it gets kind of costly and we come for the delicious Chantilly Cake!Service is alway friendly and awesome when we go there.  They do there best when you go there. ALOHA is always there, service with a smile!
5	I loooove this place! Their ahi poke is delicious. My favorite dish is their furikake chicken and portions are huge too! This place is a must try and one of my favorites.
4	Reminder, you better go there hungry! Big portions of island plates. We had furikaki chicken, my fav! Huge. Locomoco, huge(okay gravy)! Fried rice (eh), huge! Mix plate(yum), you know...huge. Mud pie...definite yes! Poki was delish ( wish they made one spicy) Food flavor, was okay on some, but great on others. This place packs it in, plus live music Friday! I think they need to expand. Will come back to try different items on menu.
4	I thought this place was like any other Hawaiian place. Although there was dishes you wouldn't normally find at the other places I still think it was good but not great.  What we had wereFurikake pokeOxtail soupCorn beef hash w eggs over riceAnd for dessert chantilly cakeThe cake was the bomb!! I'll definitely come back to try other things and maybe the review could change
5	Me: Came here for Hawaiian food and got a better version of every dish I've ever ordered before at any other Hawaiian place.  Really, the execution of each dish and it's components were just done more skillfully. If you want outstanding Hawaiian food, come here. (And free refills on POG!). Also, portions are huge. Him: I like spam musubi. This place had the best musubi. The chicken (furikake) was amazing. It was as delicious as the chicken I had in China! I would come back here for the chicken [says the lover of spam musubi].
5	I have to say among the Hawaiian places I've tried all over the valley... This bar far is the most and most authentic! Portion sizes are huge and more than enough to eat there be full and take plenty home. I've had the Korean garlic chicken, the hamburger loco moco, Katsu chicken loco moco, kalbi spare ribs and the spamasubi. I have never been disappointed food wise. The place on the outside looks nothing short of standard and not anything special or impressive at all. It's rather spacious inside and average amount of seating for a family owned establishment. It's always a good sign when you see islanders eating coz you know the food is legit. Always people in here eating and always at least someone from Hawaii inside enjoying the grub there. The most recent time I went tho, I have to say the service was on the poor side. Granted, it was really busy that day, but we waited for our check and refill on drink from at least ten minutes. A server or cook from the back came out to help seat people and saw someone she knew eating and got caught up talking to that table for a while. We kept trying to get her attention until finally the customer that was talking to this server told US that WE should just go up to the counter to get someone's attention... Excuse me?! Poor form. That person should told the employee "hey we'll talk later you have customers" and directed her to us.! So naw we sat there and waited. And poor form on that server for having a ten minute conversation with a table when the placed is packed and we can't get anyone to notice that we want the check and to go boxes to dip outta there. Normally neglect of service is something I hold highly to food and dining establishments and take off a whole star for that. But dam this place is so bomb with the food... I'll let that one time slide. The customer service can make or break a dining experience for a person. And if the service is exceptional or good like it's supposed to be... It can sometimes make the meal all the more enjoyable. Tighten up on that customer service... Then it's top notch best Hawaiian food in town.
3	Came in lookin for a seat, hostess did not greet us once we got in, after 5 minutes he came by and asked if we were waiting for a pickup, and we said we wanted to sit in the back, he directed us there and came with water and menus.I ordered the Portuguese bean soup, my friend ordered the mix plate, it was good but the soup was kind of salty, the portion is huge!!!!:)
3	We waited awhile for our server and our food. I ordered the steak and onions and the quality of the meat was unbearable. They were good with my kid but it's not my type of spot to eat at. My friend had read all the great reviews but honestly... I don't get it. Maybe Hawaiian food is not my thing. I gave three stars because they were nice.
5	There is a damn good reason why I have been going to this Hawaiian joint RELIGIOUSLY for the last 4-5 years or so that they have been open. It's not just the friendly/attentive staff, nor the delicious, never bland flavor of all their dishes, or the generosity in which they choose to portion their food, or the overall amazing atmosphere in this blessed eatery. It's the culmination and perfect balance of all those things.Their spam musubi is to die for. Add a bit of Sriracha and you've got yourself a whole meal. All their entree items are a dream come true for a foodie like me. Beef teriyaki isn't the skin thick kind you get from L&L (smh), but rather steak like cuts of the cow. Katsu is perfectly fried and dont even let me get started on the Loco Moco. If you haven't, check this place out, if you have, then what the hell are you reading this for? Better be on your way to island flava!
5	Blown away how good this place was.It's so good you wonder if it's cuz you're hungry that "everything tastes good."  But everything is crazy legit.Our party ordered:Hoisin glazed ribs (really surprised how perfect the ribs were cooked and the glaze was perfectly sweetFurikake fried chicken (whole party thought this was one of the best dishes)Katsu Loco Moco (really interested to try it.  pretty good but not as good as the rest)Roast Pork Loco Moco (so tender, tastes like this delicious turkey and gravy we use to have in high school)this place is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas for how good the dishes were and the fact that we didn't eat one bad dish.
3	Island Flavor has pretty good food, but sometimes they're a bit salty. After a pound of poke furikake style, I was dying for water. The staff is laid back and inconsistent with how they charge too. Sometimes I order all veggies instead of rice and mac salad, and depending on how the person billing is, I either get charged extra or not. One time when I ordered veggies, they placed the dripping wet veggies in the same to-go box as my chicken katsu - which wound up being a soggy disaster. I knew next time to tell them to box them separately, but you'd think the person originally boxing it would've had enough logic to see it wasn't a wise idea to put 'em together. I tend to have better luck dining in. The staff is generally very nice and accommodating. Overall if I crave Hawaiian, I'd still come here because the food is tasty and it's conveniently located to me. I've yet to try the desserts.
5	Whoa!  What a find!  We were just searching for some decent hawaiian food outside of the cal and we decided to check this place out.  We got a bunch of things so we could all try and we were all blown away with every dish!  Hoisin Baby Back Ribs: Skeptical at first but dude, these rival the best baby backs that I've ever had.  Perfect crispiness on the outside.  Moist, fall-off-the-bone meat on the inside.  Perfect sweet glaze.  I think this was my favorite thing we tried.Furikake Chicken: Wonderfully flavored.  Moist chunks of chicken.  Just good.Kona Coffee: Yep... I'm putting the coffee on here cause it was good.  Another one I was skeptical of cause it came out of a typical diner style 'dennys' pot, but it was actually flavorful.  Chicken Katsu Loco Moco: Probably had overly high expectations on this one, so wasn't as much of a fan as other people, but its still very good.  Gravy is flavorful and the egg just makes everything better.  Guava Cake: We were all pretty stuffed after our meal so we were gonna pass on dessert.  We decided to share the guava cake though and OMG... so good!  Very light.  Not too sweet.  Perfect ending to a perfect meal.  More coffee please!The only thing I would complain about is the service.  Dude that waited for us was slow and didn't seem to care.  Yeah, you could call him laid back, but it was almost like he knew he was getting an 18% tip cause we had a party of 6 and didn't even try.  I'm not gonna bash too much, but that could have been improved. Overall this was a great find and our whole party loved the food here.
5	This place is on point with their food! They definitely know how to make that authentic island food that only Hawaii can give. I went in with a few friends and was surprised to see how much food you could get for under $10. I had the Chicken Katsu Loco Moco and it was hands down the best I've had anywhere in town.  They give you a large bowl filled with rice, a huge piece of Katsu, and 2 eggs cooked how you want, all of this is covered and filled with gravy. I highly recommend this dish.  No doubt about it, I will be back here again, and again.
5	Amazing! Nuff said...L & L Hawaiian BBQ on steroids. Great food, huge portions, friendly staff. Place was packed.
4	My first time trying Hawaiian food and I was not disappointed. Ordered the Kalbi plate and it was delish! And the serving was huge! Also had lau lau, flavor was good but it was a tad salty, but from what I'm told it's  made like that. They have guava juice and other tropical drinks that were really yummy. Their servings and prices were good too. Definite food spot added to my list!
4	Good flavor to the meals.  Keep in mind that on busy nights like Friday, Saturday....service can be a bit slow.
4	The plates are huge. I usually share or take home the rest for another meal. The hoisin rubs fall off the bone you don't need a knife. Wish they had the cookies because they make the best cookies but they say it's too busy lately :(
4	Such a good hawaiian restaurent. Ive tried many and this far is thebest in vegas. The fried rice omelette was very good.. also the loco moco
5	So I've been coming here off and on since they opened and I love it every time, just found out they are open on Monday(they used to be closed) so that makes MY weekend even better.  The portions are always big and delicious and they make you feel like you are back in the islands as soon as you walk thru the door, with their local accents, genuine smiles and the local music isn't bad as well.  Definitely coming back more now that it's open Mondays.
5	Best Hawaiian food on the mainland!!  We ordered the mahi mahi special, chicken katsu loco moco, and oxtail soup.  Portions were huge and everything tasted great.  Save room for dessert!  We couldn't resist trying the chantilly cake.  Very moist and light chocolate cake with condensed milk frosting.  You must try it!  Very friendly staff!
4	Strangely, I've only eaten Hawaiian food one other time in my life. Weird, considering how much I love Hawaiian pizza ;) My boyfriend wanted to try this place out since it's close to our house and he used to live in Hawaii and was craving it. The place is super clean and the service is fast and friendly. We ordered the Ahi tuna, furukake style. Not sure what the difference is in styles, but it came out with huge chunks of tuna, like 3/4 an inch cubed mixed with sliced white onions. It was very flavorful and fresh, but it was a tad bit salty IMO, but the bf loved it and said it was perfect. He ordered the kalua pig with cabbage, and I had a mixed plate with kalua pig and cabbage and katsu chicken. We also got a side of the kimchee cucumbers. The portions are huge, but the food is on point. I felt like the kalua pig could have used a little more salt, but everything was really good. We barely made dents in our plates and took a lot of left overs home, which were just as delicious heated up later on. I also got a spam musubi to go, and that was soooo yummy. I'm really excited to go back and try more things!
4	pretty good....Fave thing i always get is the Furikake Chicken. Pretty good service and good local vibe of the Restaraunt. Poke pretty expensive but its understandable.Fridays there's usually live music and gets pretty busy so come early.
4	Awesome food. Furikake chicken was amazing. If you're in a hurry I don't suggest coming here. Portions are huge!
3	Decided to stop here for breakfast on the way to Redrock.  I had the Loco Moco with a side of fries and wife had the Portuguese sausage and eggs with a side of mac salad.  The portions here are incredible.  The fries came in a bowl that would equate to 8 large orders of McDonalds' fries.  It is the first time I have not been able to finish an order of Loco Moco - it was a huge patty with generous gravy and a "pot" of rice.With that being said, service was so-so and food quality was average compared to other Hawaiian food out there.  So three stars it is...
5	Very good food! The Kalbi short rib will make you come back over and over again. Food is amazing. But what really might send people away is the service. The waiters have a "what you want?" attitude. If you are easily butt hurt then don't dine in. Just order to go and call it a day!
5	After you eat here you will not eat any of Hawaiian theme style restaurant in town blows everything out of the water definitely is the king of Island food local Mocho is amazing come to think of it anything I've had  there is out of this world seven stars for me
4	Fantastic food! We got the teriyaki beef and chicken katsu plate - the katsu was ok but nothing special. The beef was super tender and juicy! The mac salad and rice were good too. The best thing we ordered was without question the furikake chicken! so flavorful and great texture. We couldn't get enough of it. Would def come back for the furikake and also to try out their yummy looking desserts!
4	Food was very good and the portion size is huge so try sharing the dishes. I had teriyaki chicken plate
4	Good back home type of food and the best service with a smile! Had the roast pork with the gravy was Ono!!  A side green salad with miso dressing and brown rice hit the spot! Was too full to have desert next time for sure! Cannot wait till next time!
3	I was skeptical about authentic Hawaiian food in Vegas, but Island Flavor proved to be a spot that locals could satisfy their craving at.Portions: HUGE. One plate could feed three of us had we known they were going to be so big. Kahlua pork is mild, but super tender. I could've used a bit more salt on the meat, but it was still good. Sweet and sour pork ribs were tasty but almost a little too salty. Furikake chicken was bomb. I added Sriracha and it became super bomb.My only complaints are regarding the rice.Brown rice - too much water so I basically had two scoops of brown rice mush.Fried rice - now this is where I think Island Flavor failed because their version of fried rice is basically white rice with some lapcherng and veggies doused with soy sauce. I've eaten and seen fried rice made enough to know we weren't eating fried rice. The portion was a potful. No joke.COCO PUFFS = yum. I have no idea what the buttery yellow stuff is on top of the chocolate cream puff but it's ONO.Mud pie = good. I liked the chocolate cacao or coffee nibs in the kona coffee ice cream. Really nice touch. Could do without the flavored syrups on the plate though.Staff were friendly even though very busy.Spam musubi was right on. Reminded me of all the musubis we've eaten in Hawaii.
3	GREAT FOOD. LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE. Their foods are SO delicious & are worth the price based on the portions they serve.  Although my boyfriend loves eating here,  I'd rather take out because of the terrible service. I would say the only nice employee there is the only male server. Overall,  it would be a great restaurant if the employees were trained to provide great customer service.
5	I absolutely love Island Flavor! My family lives in Hawaii and I've been to many local restaurants on Oahu. Island flavor definitely is up to par with those local restaurants. I would recommend a favorite dish but it's difficult because they are all exquisite! Definitely recommended!
4	When this place first opened, I used to drive all the way from Green Valley just to come here - I was addicted to the amazing haupia cake (freshly baked at the bakery next door). The food was also good, enormous portions and the waitress Heidi was so crazy and fun. Over the years, quality and size went down significantly, so I stopped going a while ago. It's ironic because I now live on the SW side of town, and drive to Island Sushi, which is down the street from where I used to live. Anyway... I've kind of rediscovered Island Flavor because a couple friends still really like it. I resisted for a while but finally gave it a try, and the quality and large portions seem to be back. I think all the original people are gone, so maybe it was sold, but they got rid of that huge counter that took up the whole middle of the restaurant and added more tables and chairs. New layout is better, and I'm loving their furikake chicken even more than my old fav the off-menu katsu dip (chicken katsu dipped in korean chicken sauce). Even their mac salad seems better, although Island Sushi's potato mac salad is still my all time fav for plate lunch. The owner of Island Sushi was working in the kitchen last week for some reason (no he didn't buy it) so maybe that's what the change is. Whatever the reason - I love this place again! Although I tried their new to me dessert - haupia ice cream pie. It wasn't very good - tasted like cheap coconut ice cream, smelled like suntan lotion. I'm sticking with the haupia cake. They're also open a little later and  7 days a week now. Not sure if they still close for about a month around xmas/new years though.
4	Definitely feel like a glutinous slob after this meal!!! HUGE portions, friendly staff and delicious food. What more can you ask for?Feeding my Hawaiian food addiction, we finally ventured to Egypt to eat here. I've eaten here before, but it's been years and wanted to see if it was as good as I remembered. After looking at pics prior to our visit, we opted for sesame poke, furikake chicken and kalbi short ribs. When our food finally arrived, we both knew there was no way we were going to eat all of it.The poke came out first. They offer different flavors; furikake, shoyu or sesame. We opted for the sesame and it was delish.  Lots of onions for crunch, fresh fish and a good amount of seasoning. 5 stars.I ordered the furikake chicken which comes with macaroni salad and I opted for brown rice. For everyone who doesn't know what furikake is, it's a seasoning containing bits of seaweed, sesame seeds and salt. The chicken was fried to a good crisp and the furikake added that extra flavor. The mac salad was good and creamy, a bit heavy on the mayo but it was still good. The only  thing I didn't like was the brown rice. It was just too mushy. It was like normal white rice but brown. I like the pieces of my brown rice not to be stuck together. Had to drop this to 3 stars cuz the rice was a huge disappointment. The bf ordered the Kalbi ribs. These ribs were like Kalbi ribs on steroids. (Only saying that for description.) They were huge, thick pieces of meat, not the thinner pieces you are normally used to eating. Good char on the meat and good ratio of fat. 5 stars for this. All in all, solid Hawaiian food joint. I will definitely be back if I am in the area.
5	Its probably a lucky thing for me that this place is on the opposite side of town, because otherwise I might live here. I spent 20 years in Hawai'i, and I know my Hawaiian BBQ, and this is as good as the best I've had in Hawai'i and by far the best outside of it. The portions are heavy, they use great quality cuts of meat (not like the fatty gristly cheap stuff you too often find), and they serve with Aloha. My absolute favorite is the beef teriyaki steak which is always perfectly done. My girlfriend loves the fried poke salad, which I often share with her, and is truly great. If you're able to manage dessert after eating all of that, the Guava cake is definitely worth trying. Now aside from being the best Hawaiian BBQ in town, they truly live Aloha. I wont give all the details other than to say that yesterday I went there, and despite a bad situation (which had nothing to do with the restaurant) the management showed me an act of kindness that blew my mind. I cannot recommend this place enough.
2	I was disappointed excited to find this place. Service was good and what I saw others order looked great but I had the roast pork with gravy and the gravy was floury and not local brown gravy .  And we had a saimin and its was just so fishy or something ... it was for the kid... :( .. its more japanese miso flavor type.  Will go back and maybe try something else maybe just an off day..from reading other reviews this is a give it another try ... :)
2	Two stars because their mac and cheese was really good - was really light and fresh.the place it self was really cheep and run down looking. No Alcohol license, so they dont even serve bear..we felt really out of place, menu has no pictures or explanation that someone that never lived in HI would know what they are ordering. We left hungry.
5	This is place is awesome. The price is reasonable considering the portion size of the meal. I'm 5'10" 210 lbs. and I'm getting full half way through my plate. Love the atmosphere,  down to earth. ... The food is great. ..
5	Every time I'm in Vegas, I always stop here to get my hawaiian food fix! You can get lau lau, kalua pork, tripe stew, kalbi, chicken katsu, & roast pork to name a few hawaiian dishes... Even spam musubi & loco mocos!  All completely authentic! Plus, the atmosphere in there is just like back home. Hawaiian and Island style music fills the air! And on some occasions, they will also have live music!  The servers and staff are friendly and definitely spread the aloha spirit! I will always come back whenever I'm in town!
4	Always hit the spot. The portions are huge for the price. I love their poke and their fried poke salad. I think we've ordered every combo you can think of along with all the sides. Furakaki Chicken, beef stew, Hoisen ribs and kalbi are our favorite. Don't forget to leave room for desserts,  Chantilly, guava, haupai cake and coco puffs. They also offer daily specials and readily available spam musubi!
3	Food was very good, but service was terrible. Took about 10 minutes to get waited on, once we did get waited on, i didn't have my water glass once. And it took forever to pay the check.
1	The service wasn't so good. I had to wait ten min for them to get to me and the lady that was helping me out didn't  seem like she was in a good mood also. I got a take out(Chicken katsu). When I arrived home, I found out they forgot to put the katsu sauce in there.. Which pretty much ruined a perfect meal.
5	I think Island Flavor is the best of the Hawaiian restaurants.   Everything we have had is wonderful and they are very friendly.  It's my go to for my Hawaiian fix!!!
4	I really do enjoy this place! I love the Kalbi and the Shrimp! Their Kaluha mudslide pie is amazing!!! Their service is a little slow, and the waitresses are nice but you could tell they are tired and just doing their jobs. When we first started going there they had live music on the weekends and the last few times I have gone they didn't have it & I miss that.
5	Wow. It met and exceeded our expectations. We ordered the poke, oxtail soup, lau lau, katsu, fried rice omelet, katsu loco moco and the haupia ice cream pie. That was just for our family of 4. We were there with 20 people so we shared everything. The portions are quite large. Oxtail soup could have fed all of us. We took home the leftovers and enjoyed them all later. We enjoyed everything and the haupia ice cream pie was a nice surprise. Our server did a great job taking care of our big group. There was live music that night and added the ambiance. The server told us she was from an "exotic island." Turns out where from the same exotic island, Guam.
5	I come here more often now that I moved nearby and all I can say is I'm a regular.  All staff are awesome even for picky eaters like me!  Consistent food consistent service always clean chill atmosphere what more could you ask for?  Spam musubis?  R A J A H
5	Love this joint! Very fresh and has gotten better every time! Huge pieces of poke and the kalbi too!! Very good prices too! Just a gem of a place... They could work on their customer service skills tho... And actually refill my drinks once or twice.. But overall very delicious food....
3	Small joint that has a long wait. The service is rather slow, then again they only have 2 cooks, and like 2 servers, even if the place is small, they do make a lot of things on their menu, so you have to be patient if you want to eat here, especially if you have a moderate to large size party. As for the food, I ordered the roast pork loco moco. When I think of roast pork, I always think I am going to get some charred to crispy pork skin to go with the meat, I didn't, but what I was treated with was some really tender pork meat in a relatively large bowl. It might be the most tender pork I have ever ate. The bowl is large, and they do give you a lot, when I say a lot, I mean that you can probably share with a friend, there is so much rice in the bowl, it is overwhelming. The gravy was decent, nothing too special, you can order the egg however way you like it. I thought overall the roast pork loco moco was decent, needed some seasoning, it was a tad too bland. I obviously didn't finish, so I had it packed up for the road home.I tried some of my friend's chicken katsu and I thought that was pretty delicious, right amount of crunch, great flavor, chicken wasn't overcooked. I felt like I probably should have ordered that instead, it was also a good size for one person. They also have several juices, I tried their guava juice, it was a good drink to cleanse the stomach from all the bad toxins incurred from the previous day.
1	Service is bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Especially the cashier!!!!!!!!!!! The girl gave bad looks while I was ordering, and she purposely/intentionally took the orders of 3 customers who werent there yet when I arrived... She constantly interrupts my ordering while continuously prioritizing other customers who just got in. Very rude!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Love this place it has the best customer service everyone makes you feel right at home and the food is on point my new go to spot in town prices in comparison with the portion size is the bomb guarenttee kanack attack and they get live music was awesome
5	By far the best Hawaiian restaurant I've been to so far; delicious and authentic. I loved the service, the food and the atmosphere. I don't normally write reviews, but this place deserves a good one. I had kalua pig and cabbage, and some poke, they were delicious. If you want good authentic hawaiian food, this is the place to go to.
5	This place is worth the small drive from the strip! Best Hawaiian food I have ever tasted hands down! All the food that was ordered was amazing in it's own way. Kalbi short rib Chicken Katsu loco mocoFurakake chicken I honestly can't decide which one was better . If the amazing food isn't going to convince you to come here, the hospitality definitely will. The lady helping us was so friendly and make us feel like we are lifelong friends. She correctly recommended items based on our cravings. She was also very accommodating with our special request with no problem.
2	The KALB I WAS not at their best..Kalbi was over cooked, it felt like it was boiled because It was too chewy. I was very hungsry, yet wasn't able to finish.
4	Great food and prices!Went with my Hawaiian family to this spot that they've been raving about and it was good! The prices are very reasonable and you get zone much food. Definitely going back!
5	OMG. Too much food!  Friend from LA told us this was the best.  Wow.  So good.  Enough food for 2x the number ordered.  Very nice people to go along win the great food.  Worth the pretty expensive cab ride from the strip.  The roast pork, delicious.  The macaroni and fried rice even better and whatever they did to the chicken and beef was delicious. Did I mention the nice people?
5	The hoisin glazed beef is cooked to perfection. Even my picky daughter enjoyed it so much. We cannot finish the whole 8 rack but we are happy to take the rest home and thats the only left over that did not reach the next day.  And service was great too! Keep it up!!
4	Best Hawaiian Food i have ever had. Will go back for sure and tell friends about it.
4	A hidden spot serving up amazing Hawaiian food! My friends and I decided to stop here before the drive back to LA after our little impromptu trip to Vegas. The wait was over an hour, but that gave us plenty of time to peruse the menu and decide on what to order. After being seated, we decided to start off by sharing the Tuna Poke Sampler, which consists of their furikake, shoyu, and sesame-marinated poke. I also ordered the Furikake Chicken for my main. Although the poke sampler was fresh and delicious, the different flavors all ended up tasty of soy sauce and got a bit salty after a while. The Furikake Chicken was great, sweet from the glaze but a little bit salty from the furikake mix, and tender inside and crunchy outside! However, it ended up just tasting sweet after eating it for a while aha.My only gripe about this place was how understaffed it was. I do not know if it is family run or not, but they basically had two servers on the floor who were not able to fully service all the large parties that were there. A lot of the tables were left dirty for a while until a server had the time to clean it up. But besides that, everything else was great! Great prices for quality Hawaiian food. We all left in food comas, which was not great for the drive back to LA, but we were happy and content^__^ Definitely visiting again the next time I make a trip to Vegas!!
5	I love this place... Feels like home. The Aloha Spirit is alive & well within these walls... There's no bettah compliment I can give a Hawaiian restaurant. Island Flavor is located in an unassuming strip mall on Durango. It's probably a good 15-20 minute drive via freeway from the Las Vegas strip. It is worth the drive. Trust me... Drove up and I knew it was gonna be good cause there were people waiting outside to be seated and also I could hear a small group (3-piece band) inside singing Hawaiian music. It was great. I felt at home... It's kind of how Hawai'i makes you feel. Aloha all around. I ordered the chicken katsu loco moco after seeing photos of it by other Yelpers (mahalos!). It came served in a giant bowl. Let me just say that I feel classic loco moco dishes or any variation of a loco moco should be served in a bowl. It's only fitting. The katsu was delicious. The batter was light and chicken was not dry. The gravy that was generously poured over tasted great with the katsu and the bed of white rice. SO ONO... Sadly I was a weakster and could only finish half of this heavy handed portion of a meal. Even our waitress was giving me grief saying I cannott leave if I cant even eat half. HAHA.... Apparently, I didnt hit the required quota. I will make sure to represent mo bettah next time.And of course we couldnt leave without having the coco puffs... I havent had them since when I was fortunate enough to attend my coworker's wedding on Oahu in which she had Liliha Bakery supply coco puffs & green tea puffs instead of slices of wedding cake... It was so good & so appropriate. Quite possibly one of the more delicious sweet things I've had in my life. Now Island Flavor's coco puffs are not exactly the same as Liliha's original version but they are delicious in their own right. Totally worth the $6 or so for the half-dozen. They top it with whipped cream too but that really isnt even needed. They are great and are a taste of Oahu for sure.I will make sure to eat here next time in town which is thankfully enough next weekend... I'm gonna bring some of my friends that havent been there before & I'm sure they will like it as much as I do and spread the word as I have.
5	It was me and my boyfriend's first time coming here, and let me say we will definintly be coming back. The service is fantastic, very friendly people. The enviroment makes you feel you're in Hawaii, it's very relaxing. Now the food, wow. We had the Furikake Ahi Poke and it was delicious. The portions of the food is 2x bigger than we expected. One plate can feed two people. If it's your first time, I would suggest a mixed plate. But be wary, the place gets busy very often. So try and make a reservation if you can. 5 stars!
1	Two year's ago when my Family and I first ate here it was decent, nothing crazy amazing, but decent for local food with big portions and good mac salad. We didn't frequent here much after two years cause its a ways from where we live and like I said, the food is okay, not worth the drive for us. Last weekend my cousin ate here and said their poke was ono and we should give this place another try; so we did! The service was awful from the minute we walked in, granted it was a Fri nite, we didnt know they played hawaiian music on the weekends so they where busy. The cashier/fill in server (heavy set girl) was rude as hell! Chomping a mile a minute on her gum, no smile, no greeting and says "you guys got reservations?" I said "No", She then tells us "I gotta check if we can serve you guys den", and walks off. Wow!!! Local kine style would be...No worries, we goin make room for you guys, not to mention the fact that I don't know of any restaurant that would turn customers away! We immediately felt unwelcomed/uncomfortable from the get. I'm local, born and raised in Hawaii, so the lack of Aloha ecspecially from a Hawaiian place put me off even more!She comes back tells us kay can, as she's seating us I tell her "sorry, I didn't know we needed to make a reservation", she tells us "no you no need, but mandatory that you do"... Huh?!?. As Im looking around, there is 3-4 tables with reserved signs. The table we got sat at, the one next to us(customers sat about the same time we did) and other tables with people already sitting had no reserved signs. Not to mention the fact that no customers came in after us for any reservations, just a couple people coming in to pick up their takeout order, so I don't get why she needed to ask if we could be served in the first place. The vibe I got was like, who you? You not our regulars, hurry up eat & get out! She seats us, right off the bat not letting us even look at the menu ask, "what we wanted to drink". I remember two years ago they had p.o.g . Was not even sure if they still had it? Wanted to at least ask my kids and Husband to see what they wanted to drink, we didnt even get the chance! Her attitude was hurry the f* up!, we ended up just getting waters after being rudely rushed. She brings us our waters and is ready to take our order, I was unsure of what I wanted so I asked if we could get a minute more. She looked irritated and walks off. She comes back 10 min later, giving me dirty looks. I'm trying to order and she's cutting me off while I'm talking, "you cant order it like dat, what you said? On da side?" Her attitude was just plain rude, again, like hurry the f* up! We get our food and it was not good. The lau lau plate was a chunk of dry, tasteless pork wrapped in one thin layer of luau leaves(luke warm in the middle and shaped like a rectangle loaf, looked nothing like lau lau) bummer it had no butterfish either. Worse part, as I'm eating my rice I find a short black hair in the middle...ewww! my Husbands terri beef meat was chewy and burnt, my daughter said her korean wings where dry and bland. The poke was ono and the mac salad was still as good tho. We already felt uncomfortable and just wanted to leave. Since we paid $50 for our food, we didnt want to just throw it out and thought we could give the leftovers to our dogs. We asked for boxes and got no bag for our 5 boxes, before we could even ask for a bag from a server (not the rude one) they ran off! You would think to give a bag if the customer got that many boxes no? Needless to say, we will not be returning here again. Rude unwelcoming service and subpar local food!
4	Generous portions and excellent food. I had the Kaluha pork and sesame poke, yum!!!!!!
5	I have to give this place a HUGE THUMBS UP in my opinion! My family and I have been ordering food from here for quite some time now and we have not had one disappointment in food or service yet! :) Being from Hawaii and moved out to Vegas I thought finding a good loco joint was going to be a challenge, until we found this little gem in town! If you have not been here I suggest you get your butt up and go eat some great food! The Atmosphere is pretty laid back (which kind of reminds me a little of home) and the portions of the food will not disappoint you. Island Flavor will make a faithful customer out of you :D The poke, I am left speechless! It was the most delectable thing to hit my taste buds! We have practically tried everything on the menu and my ultimate favorite is the Beef Teriyaki Steak. It is just drenched in just the right amount of flavor and the mac salad...don't even get me started on how delicious that is! (My mouth is watering) I better stop reviewing because I'm getting quite hungry right now but if you are in desperate need for amazing Hawaiian food come here its no joke!
1	Overall we were very disappointed in the service and quality of food at Island Flavor. As a Hawaiian restaurant you would expect them to take pride in a staple such as kalua pork but I found the very opposite to be true because the meat was tasteless and cabbage was raw. On the other hand my vegetarian girlfriend custom ordered fried rice and found meat in it. At the prices they were asking and the service they were providing you might as well go to an L&L chain. At least there you will get better quality at a cheaper price.Pros: 1. The French fries were cooked perfectly2. There was at least one very nice waitressCons: 1. The first server we met was rude and unhelpful.2. The next server did not have much knowledge of the food and menu.3. Kalua pork was tasteless and cabbage was raw.4. Our custom ordered vegetarian fried rice had meat in it.
1	I experienced the worst service I've ever had out of all my years of dining out. Unbelievable. The food was alright, but that won't save it. I've never been to a place where i've felt outright ignored. It was that bad.Is there no standard knowledge of basic service and etiquette here? Everyone working here seemed so careless and oblivious. No sense of urgency or organization. My friends and I entered and were not looked at, checked on, acknowledged, greeted, accommodated, nothing. I didn't know if I should've sat myself down or just wait and give them a chance (shouldn't have). Nope, just left to stand there like unwelcome guests as some lady at the cash register took care of some payment and then WALKED AWAY without acknowledging our presence. Hey guys, you do know customers enter through your front door, right?After eating (which seemed like an eternity to get to that point), I raised my hand at least 5 times to ask question about the check, even speaking out to get someone's, anyone's attention. None of the employees looked my way. At this point I was beginning to question if these people were normal. A waitress briefly saw me with my hand RAISED and everything, but then she immediately changed direction and focused her attention elsewhere, striking up a conversation with a table of people she seemingly knew. Are you kidding me?? Fed up by now, I finally had to GET UP from my table to get this stupid little simple ordeal done and to finally pay.Ditch this place.
4	I love this place mainly for their large servings and flavorful dishes. I often get the mixed plate, which allows you to choose two courses from the list. I highly recommend the BBQ kalbi, furikake shrimp, and Korean chicken wings. All their orders come with rice and macaroni salad. As far as service goes, the staff are all very friendly, however, on busy days they seem to just focus their hospitality on their "usual" or Hawaiian customers. To me it doesn't bother me as long as I get my food but it would be nice if they were consistent on their good service. Overall, this place has great island food and you should take the time to try it.
3	This was our second time, brought the kids (18-20) with us. To experience a new place. Last time we were greeted by an amazing hostess, they were busy but you'd never know it by the way she treated us. She was even our waiter, and answered many questions along with some awesome suggestions. The food and service was 5 star.However. Hate to say it but this time... Wow! Not a good Wow unfortunately. Not busy tonight we walked in and barely got a "hi" and led to our table. Menus dropped off and she left to Visit with the table next to us to a flurry of hugs and conversation. The waiter came by got our drinks order, have us time to order and delivered the food in 15 minutes tops. We all specified rice, but maybe didn't say rice ONLY NONE of us like macaroni salad. When we asked about a plate to shop it on to we got a sigh, but we're asked if we would rather have salad which was very nice and we took it. The waiter came over to say we didn't specify it. I said no problem it was taken care of. This was the lady time we saw him. All of us had no drinks, I asked the hostess for some refills during her other conversations and was rushed of, saying be right with you. Witter came back no talking took the drinks filed them up and walked away. Not sure what happened but the good was still very good, but the service alone may keep me from returning. Ashame people can ruin an experience. Maybe we will try again at another date....maybe
5	I love everything about this place!  The loco moco is as good as you get in Hawaii.  The cake options here are also awesome.
5	Been here twice. The new guys have a lot of customer service skills to learn, but the ladies are awesome & very friendly. The food was great both times so far. I love the way they make their mac salad, creamy. The flavors of their dishes are delicious. You really cant go wrong with whatever you order. Save room for dessert, their cakes are so soft & yummy! We are definitely returning customers & recommend this place to others.
4	We went on a Friday and they provided live Hawaiian music! It was packed, and yet they still had plenty of time to tend to our needs! Pro tip: Ask for Leilani, she will take care of you! She knows the ins and outs and had our dishes come out perfectly! The furikake chicken was the best and everything we had was cooked to perfection. The cherry on top was the guava cake, so light and delicious you could eat fifty of them! I was most impressed by how much the owner and staff cared about the customers in the end!Pros:1. Amazing waitress2. Spectacular customer service!3. Furikake chicken ftw4. Delicious guava cake5. Live music!!!Cons:1. Took two tries to get it right2. Food was so good you have to eat it all
5	A bit of a drive, but well worth it. Service was friendly and eager to explain ingredients and preparation. Food was delicious and fresh, portions were huge. We started off with the Poke appetizer. Very fresh, full of flavor, the full portion easily could serve as a filling meal.  Moved on to the kalbi short ribs and furikake chicken, both fantastic. Sides of macaroni salad and rice hit the spot. Coco puff dessert was good, but with an odd butterscotch frosting. The consistency was grainy and lacked flavor. The restaurant is very family friendly, complete with many kids running about. The vibe is very friendly and warm. This style of food is a bit heavy to say the least, and I won't be able to do this weekly, but I am already planning what to eat on my next visit. Hopefully soon.
5	Best Hawaiian food I have ever had in Las Vegas! Best Poke in Las Vegas. More food than you can eat in one sitting.
5	I enjoy tuna very much but nothing like this. So delicious probably the best I've had in a while and very affordable.  The atmosphere is relaxing and music is cool. I also had the ribs, delicious and if you like sticky rice this is the place.  Yummy!
1	I cannot believe that such a place that serves delicious food is brought to one star due to horrible service. I always get the Ahi Poke with a scoop of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. It's very good, but on September 25 approximately 3:15pm, their credit card system was down. I had called in advance to place my order since I was not going to dine in. When I told the younger lady if I needed to pay with cash since the front of the door had a sign that said "cash only", she said yes. I informed her that I was not told that on the phone. She then proceeded on telling me that I could go to the gas station nearby and use their ATM ..I said no it's going to charge me, I'm not doing that. The whole time she did not apologize at the fact that I drove far and they didn't tell me it was cash only at that time . She then said, "I'll try" with an attitude. The card went through. She got the receipt for me to print and after I signed it she went to get the food, brought it back, and walked away. The whole time no "here you go" "thank you" "I apologize" nothing. Sad thing is that I would go very often and witnessed so many other issues. One day a group of three ordered their food and it took forever and they purposely left the food intact as soon as it arrived and left. The first time I went, they took 30 minutes to serve us and it was the wrong order. I really wanted to give it a shot because of their food, but trust me, some of the people that work there will not smile or serve you well unless you are Hawaiian. Also, be careful when you order ahi poke, they don't tell you they have an option of half a pound. They will always give you the full pound.I would suggest you pass this place unless you like rude customer service and long waits.
5	Favorite spot for Hawaiian food in Vegas. Although it is pricier than other Hawaiian spots it is well worth it for the quality of food you get! Great service, amazing food!!
5	Restaurant has a lot of great local options. Love the kalbi, furikake chx, Portuguese bean soup and desserts.
5	There's a lot of restaurants here in Vegas that serve local food but this place.....YUMMM!!! I'm so happy we found this place (through Yelp)! Been to several areas in Vegas but not this area. Service was excellent, waitresses were very friendly AND THE FOOD!!! ONO!!! We had Mini Chicken Katsu, Fried Rice, Furikake Panko Shrimp and a Kalbi & Roast Pork Combo! Oh and they also serve local desserts (Coco Puffs, Guava Cake etc) AND they have live music on Friday nights!
3	Very nice Aloha service with a very nice staff as opposed to my last visit under different owners.We ordered from the Yelp reviewers and the staff recommendation:Combo plate of teri steak & furikake chickenfamous chicken katsu loco moco bowlspecial misoyaki mahi mahiThe Best  meal was the Chicken katsu loco moco bowl.The teri steak is of excellent quality, but the sauce is too sweet  and I would order it on the side.The furikake chicken was alot of batter  and where's the chicken? Again, a little too sweet, more than Panda express, but not as good as Panda express chicken dishes.The mac salad was ok.My least favorite was the misoyaki fish, it wasn't anything near as good as Okuhara miso sauce marinade for the butterfish FAMOUS in Hawaii.The portions are huge for 2 so be aware and a little pricey.I am very familiar of Oahu and this is a Big Island Food place so it definitely does not have the taste of OAHU.I kinda didn't want to have any dessert because the meals were too sweet and it's desserts from Oahu's famous places so I don't want to be disappointed.I will stay with my CAL hotel Aloha Specialties and the king of Oahu, Hawaii food plate lunch place to have in Vegas.
1	The food is decent ... the service was okay ... the people just looked pissed most of the time . If you don't like your job find another job . I don't like rude service . They even said to one of my friends that's it ?? Just ordering the side of fried rice. Not cool. I'm not coming here again ... the first time was great and even the 2nd time ... now it's just plain fully bad . Treat your customers with respect even though we're not Hawaiian . Don't hire people who treat customers like shit. Hands down don't go here for shitty service . I would go to Hawaiian BBQ at least they smile . I hope they will eventually learn to smile .
3	While going thru my bookmarked places, We decided to finally try this place. I got the furikake chicken since that seemed to be the popular choice of yelpers and not a usual menu offering among Hawaiian fare. I love furikake so I really enjoyed this dish. The chicken katsu however I was disappointed with, I liked that the breading was light but there was no flavor whatsoever. Without the sauce, it was just plain bland. We also got the Korean chicken (drumettes) which was different than the normal breast that you get from most places, although it was kind of weird that it didn't come with a sauce. For dessert we got an order of coco puffs, it was ok but nothing compared to Liliha bakery. The prices I thought were a little higher, about a dollar or two more per plate when likened to rival places. I would still come back to try their lau lau plate and maybe dining in will give us a different take than ordering to go.
3	5/5 for the food1/5 for the serviceIn between, which is why I'm giving 3 stars. I have been there several times. Foods on point every single time. I always get their loco mocos, and I love it.However, each time I go to eat there, service gets worse and worse. They're now at the point where you actually have to get their attention. I feel everytime, after they give us out food, they never come back to check up on us. This time we had to yell across the diner to get their attention. It wasn't even busy. There were only two other tables seated. I wished they would check up on us at least once, especially since we needed to box out leftovers.Now on I'm only ordering it for take out. I can stand their delicious food, but not their service.
5	Yummy Hawaiian food, spam Musubis are really good. They have POG & cakes that actually taste like the ones in Hawaii, maybe even a bit better.
5	We were in Vegas a week ago and a friend of ours told us to try this place out, food was awesome and the service was great. I would recommend you try it out if you're in Vegas its a little far from the stripe but worth the drive.
4	1st visit here had the Chicken Katsu Moco and it was delicious.  This time I felt like an Oxtail Soup to help soothe my cold.  I like that this establishment offers brown rice, other Hawaiian restaurants here don't usually offer this healthier option.  I had that with my oxtail soup and I enjoy it very much. Only thing that set it back a bit was it was really busy tonight and 2 girls had to take care and cash out the entire restaurant but that didn't bother me too much. It was a good experience overall. Mahalo!
5	Their glazed beef ribs is the best! It's affordable and big servings. I often visit here after we go hiking at red rock canyon. Absolutely satisfied my cravings and hunger after an intense workout. The ambience feels like I'm eating by the beach especially when the band starts to play their hawaiian music. It was such a very "chillax" place! :)
4	Aloha! I know it's odd getting Hawaiian food in Vegas but apparently, they do have a huge population of Hawaiians, thus the good restaurants you'll find here. Island Flavor is one perfect example.We started with their very fresh shoyu POKE for appetizers. Half an order is half a pound for $7.25. It's hefty so it really is a steal! Color, taste, and texture of the tuna passed our standards with flying colors. With so many good things on their menu, it's rather convenient that they offer you the option to order a MIXED PLATE ($11.25) with two items and a side of rice (white or brown) plus salad or macaroni salad. Kalbi is an extra $1 but trust me when I say it's money well-spent. FURIKAKE CHICKEN and KALBI were my two choices. The chicken had a beautiful sweet and sour glazed exterior with seaweed flakes drizzled on it. Each bite had a good crisp and could make you work on a chew, but in a good way. The Kalbi beef was marinated and grilled to perfection pleasing my tastebuds while getting envious looks from others on the table who didn't order this. I looooove their macaroni salad here so don't be like my sister who opted to get a salad of greens and regretting it shortly after having a taste of my side order. The ROASTED PORK are shreds of meat doused with their own version of gravy that is out-of-this-world delicious. The taste reminds me so much of eating "lechon", a Filipino dish which is literally, roasted pork. In addition, their CHICKEN KATSU is remarkably right on the money. The breading was great in all aspects and how everything held together execution-wise was simply perfection. Our server messed up our order and gave us Korean chicken wings instead of the katsu in the beginning but she fixed it right away without even taking back the wings. Their KOREAN CHICKEN WINGS was bone-in with crispy skin outside and juicy meat inside. Flavor profile was good but I've had better. Bottom line, it's free so I can't complain.It seems like the CHICKEN KATSU LOCO MOCO is the deal here so we also ordered that to share. An order is ginormous just like everything else we had. We only consumed half of it and took the rest home but the rave reviews on this dish is true to its words. A specialty not to be missed indeed!Their GUAVA CAKE ($5) however was easily almost everyone's highlight on the table including those without a sweet tooth. Pair with it their refillable Kona coffee because there's just no other way for you to end a meal here. Ahhhfreakingmazing! Not only is it pretty in pink but the cake itself is moist and each layer of icing and guava syrup delivered its purpose giving you that tropical flavor you thought you could only get from the islands. Easily the best thing I ate here!Service was a bit spotty, almost like on island mode but nonetheless they were friendly. With onolicious food, generous portions, and reasonable pricing, it's worth the little drive off the strip. 4.5 Stars!
5	I wish we had this place back in LA! Such amazing local food that I did not expect to find in Vegas. There were so many options I chose to order two mixed plates with two items and a side of rice and macaroni salad. I ordered the roasted pork with gravy, the Korean chicken wings, kalbi, and chicken katsu. The portions were large and easily sharable. All we're delicious, except next time I think I would just order the chicken wings and kalbi because they were my favorite, hands down. Even after all of that food, I managed to leave room for dessert and ordered the chantilly cake. Please get the chantilly cake. It was so light, moist, and will really change your life. Prices were decent and the service was quick and friendly. I miss this place already.
5	Totally surpassed my expectations for yet another Hawaii comfort food place in Vegas. So far, based on my multiple visits, ordered dishes have been good. Most recently, I tried the Portuguese Sausage with 2 eggs, Hoisin Baby Back Ribs, and Furikake Fried Chicken. Everything, I mean everything was good. The sausage plate came with rice and mac salad. The sausages were sweet and not too salty. The rice and mac salad just sealed the deal. Drizzle that egg yolk and mix with the sausage and rice, and get ready for some hit the spot goodness. The baby back ribs were near perfection. Pork meat nearly dropped off the bones and the Hoisin glaze was quite a unique sauce experience. The glaze was sweet but not that overly sugary taste you would find at a traditional bbq joint, but more of a refined sweetness. Not sure how to describe in words. Just order the rack.Furikake chicken was delicious. The texture was crunchy and no where near soggy. Sweet, but not overly sweet. Paired that rice, and my goodness. You can't stop!The location is off-strip, but on the way to Red Rock. In fact, it's nice to get away from strip madness on a Vegas strip. Regardless of the location, this is one of my to-go places on every one of my Vegas excursions.
5	Dining in is a totally different experience altogether. My husband was jonesing for some legit Hawaiian comfort food so after church we knew where that destination would be. The fried rice omelet with Portuguese sausage definitely hit the spot for him. That perfect bite comprised of fried rice, egg, sausage and big chunks of char siu was like a time machine bringing him back to his roots. Hahaha it's that good! Also on the line up was Loco Moco, Furikake chicken and shrimp and Roast pork with gravy. All equally good and robust, oozing with flavor in every bite. And for the win, a Chantilly cake to go! Portions seem way larger when dining in, either way we will definitely be back again and again and again.
5	After my first visit here all I can wonder is, "Why in the hell have I never come here before? "  This place is great.  I knew I was in for a special treat when all my wife could say after taking one bite was, "We will be eating here a lot."Delicious down to the last bite.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Wow!!! We were in Vegas for a few nights visiting family and I had bookmarked this place on Yelp a few months ago just for the guava cake. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and seated right away.  Our waitress was super friendly, she was busy but laid back, felt like home (Hawaii). The menu was filled with so many familiar options it was hard to choose. My husband ordered Kalbi and my cousin, her husband and I ordered a mixed plate with furikaki fried shrimp and hawaiian style roast pork. Both came with rice (I had brown) and Mac salad. We also ordered fresh made Ahi Poke, mix of shoyu, sesame, and furikake style.  Everything was sooooooo delicious!!! My husband (whose from CA) was laughing at me because he said he has never seen me get so excited and enjoy my meal so much before. After dinner I was so full but could not leave without getting a slice of guava cake! They also had chantili cake and coco puffs which I wanted but could not eat because I was stuffed. We got the guava cake and it did not disappoint! It was so good I kept eating even though I felt like I was going to explode! We will definitely be back when we are in town again! Enjoyed the entire experience from the friendly staff, the hawaiian music playing in the background, the local feel and the food!
5	GOOD FOOD, LOTS OF IT & FRIENDLY SERVICE: My GF and I went on a Saturday evening and it was packed. We had to wait about 10 min to be seated. I recently went on a low carb diet so my selections were limited. I went with the Kalua Pork & cabbage with a tossed salad. Very savory and I could have easily hurt myself eating if there was 2 to 3 times as much in my bowl. Pork was super tender as was the cabbage. Will be trying the Oxtail soup next time. And there will be a next time.Oh! BTW: The Kona coffee was nice and strong. This is a small setting in a strip mall and if you're not the laid back & patient type you may be put off when the servers get busy. It's a regular folks kind of place so don't expect strip resorts level of service. But you will see an honest effort. Respect begets respect.
5	Great food, best Hawaiian food I've tried so far in Vegas. Excellent portions, very flavorful. Everyone is very friendly and makes you feel welcomed. My fav dessert is the guava cake.
5	I may have gained most of my vacation weight from Island Flavor. Also, the super friendly staff is even nice to a bunch of unruly tourists. Nine of us came through and ordered a lot of things off the menu, some from our own fat desires and some from the staff suggestions.Hoisin Glazed Ribs - Good but a little extra saucy. The ribs fell off the bone and is great with the rice.Ahi Poke - Probably the best part of the meal. Order the big big portion and share. If you talk to the staff nicely, they'd be willing to give you portions of each kind they have. My favorite was the shoyu or sesame. Light in flavor but not completely lackluster.Kalbi Short Ribs - The flavor is akin to many of the korean style ribs but a little sweet.Hawaiin Style Pork Roast - Great tender pork. Hands down some good flavor.Loco Moco - It was Hawaiian food and we felt obligated to order this. Would we do it again, maybe but I'd have to reduce how much we ordered. I think since we ordered so much food, I wasn't able to enjoy this meal as much as I'd have liked.I may have found my far off the strip place to eat. Damn good and worth the drive away from the craziness of the strip.
5	Food is always bomb! Folks are always welcoming! Little pricey but worth it! All time FAM favorite!
5	This restaurant definitely has a special place in my heart. The food is ono and reminds me so much of home. The island music and "aloha spirit" shared by the employees is definitely an A+ in my book. The ahi poke was tender and the right consistency. As for my favorite dish, the furikake chicken, it tastes so amazing and very unique. It reminds me of the chicken served at The Alley or Queen Street Cafe back home in Aiea, Oahu. The food is served in good sized portions and you get a good bang for your buck. Easily now one of my favorite places to go to for Hawaiian food in town. I highly recommend this place!
5	First time here ..the ox tail soup was amazing ! Not to much ginger either ... I'm actually full as hell I have two beef ribs left lol I will be back
1	Waited half an hour for a very simple order to take out and watched several other customers come in after me and leave with their food before me. Food was cold when I received it. Overall disappointed.
5	This is a casual little spot, not too fancy but nice for a relaxing meal. If you've ever been to Hawaii and are looking for authentic food from the Islands, this is the place. Da best. We've been here twice now and I have to tell you that the Furikake chicken is at the top of my recommendation list. I've never had it before, but will have it many times again. I suggest trying something besides the teriyaki chicken or beef, only because you can get that anywhere. We tried Guava cake for dessert, thinking it might be too exotic for us but we were feeling adventurous (and they were out of everything else). It was delicious and the moistest cake I've ever had.  Venture from your comfort zone and try real Hawaiian food. I know I was glad that I did.   RECOMMENDED
1	Food was mediocre I've had better Hawaiian food.  The service was slow seemed to only care about their regulars.
5	Best Hawaiian food in Vegas.  The food is delicious.  The prices are reasonable for the huge portions you get.  The service is awesome and the staff is friendly.  I would recommend going when they open, or in between lunch and dinner because the place gets pretty packed.
5	Love this place! Great food, friendly service and big portions! Furikake chicken, beef teriyaki, kalbi short ribs and the BBQ baby back ribs are among my favorites. Since I'm originally from Carson, California it definitely  reminds me of home with its chill islander atmosphere and the soothing reggae music that's always playing my jams! Winner of urban-spoons best restaurants for 2014. Defiantly a must try!
4	I find it quite hilarious that I thought I was calling in an order to the Hawaiian takeout place that's in the same shopping center of the Vons at Warm Springs & Durango (I had ordered takeout there before but had forgotten the name). I called the order in and then, when I saw the address, realized I had ordered from a different place!  Being a business owner myself, of course I didn't want to leave my order uncalled for so I went down a few blocks and retrieved my order from Island Flavor. What a pleasant surprise!I only ordered two plates: chicken Katsu and kalbi beef (?). The question mark is there because I swear when she confirmed the order it sounded so different than how I had pronounced it. That beef was insane! So tender and delicious. The Katsu was good as to be expected at other Hawaiian places I've been. I will definitely return and I'm glad I made that mistake! I actually hate macaroni salad because I hate mayo, but this was decent and had great onion flavor.
5	I do enjoy the food here . Finding good island food like how you would get in Hawaii is state find in Las Vegas. My favorites are the Kalbi, Fried rice and the weekly specials. My wife insists we come every Tuesday for the Fries Noodles. All dishes are ample portions. Most like you will have leftovers for the fridge tomorrow. The Chantilly vale is to for. The live music on the selected weekend is a treat. Service here is always on point. Keep up the great work it's like you on an island in the middle of the desert.
4	That's some good Island Flavor. Love the Shoyu Ahi Poke and the soup here. Better than the one at CA Hotel.Our 3rd time back we took our family of 13 here and everyone ate everything from Kalbi ribs, Loco Moco, Stew, Poke, Chicken Terriyaki, Spam Masubi, Guava Cake, Chicken Katsu. It was all good.
5	Sunday, 4:04pm, a few hours before my flight home to DC:Island Flavor: Hello!Steve: Hi, I'd like to place a carryout order.Island Flavor: Sorry, we closed at 4.Steve: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOI would eat her twice a day if eating here just once didn't fill me up for two days! I'm coming back in a month for that furikake chicken, teriyaki beef, etc, etc, etc!
4	Food almost always comes out quick. Friendly staff, clean venue with nice Hawaiian ambience. What makes this place legit are the constant island people who always dine here when I come.
5	I am comparing Island Flavors to Zippy (if you are from Hawaii you will be familiar with Zippys). I would rate Zippys 4 stars, but I'd give this place 5 stars.  They have a smaller menu than Zippys but everything they offer is 5 stars.  I've had the Roast pork, Furikake Chicken and the Loco Moco here with the Chantilly Cake.  This is easily one of the best Hawaiian restaurants in Las Vegas. The only issue is limited seating inside the restaurant, because it has become so popular with the Hawaiian transplants in Vegas, the wait could be 30-45 minutes for a table but the food is worth it.
5	I really don't know why some give this place a one star? What are you comparing this place to? This is my third review because I love this place. It is the Best "local" Hawaiian food place in Vegas! I don't think you would find a better value for the portion size of food they serve. Overall, most of their food is awesome. Can you find better food in Oahu? Of course you can, but we are in Las Vegas.
5	If you want to know how Hawaii grind taste like? Well here's your chance at the best of the best!! I love the food here!! You'll regret it if you don't get it in!!
1	Don't know why everyone likes this place. Ate here three times in hope I was wrong. I was right, this place is over rated. Their ahi poke was salty. You can't have hawaiian food and mess up poke.
5	Ono! It was so nice to visit Vegas and have some delicious island food. You just can't get that where I live and miss it. Place is casual and has the local vibe. The mixed plate is awesome because there is so much to choose from. I suggest you get it with the fried rice.
5	I stopped in yesterday for my pickup of Loco Moco. However when I got home I checked and my hamburger patty was burnt. I called and they offered to  redo my order. Wonderful customer service and the good is great. I love love love the Chantilly and Guava cake.
5	Super chill ambiance & friendly service! I had the chicken teriyaki salad and it was delicious,  and massive. My husband had the HI roast pork & devoured it. Definitely check out this spot. They have take out too. :)
4	Amazing food good service big portions! Love their loco moco! And their chicken and teriyaki!
