5	Today was the opening day and we loved it. The seats are all leather recliners, and as comfortable as your home recliner. ( Heaven!!) The best part is that the seats are spaced far enough away that even fully reclined people can still pass.  I hope this concept catches one, it was nice to have more room. I really did feel like I could sit back, relax and enjoy the show!!Side note: They also serve beer and wine as well as all the normal concessions.
4	The gf and I hit the Galaxy Theatre on what turned out to be their opening night.  Watched, "Oz The Great and Powerful " - 3D.  We were fired up about the notion of "luxury" seating since my daughter recently shared an experience at a similar theatre in southern california so we were hoping for the same.  Not quite but we still enjoyed the place.Highlights:- Like the fact that you can order and reserve the seat in advance ( but there is a $2 processing fee ) - movie cost $14/person. - The seats are very comfortable with electronic control to recline the chairs.  BIg surprise, the seat  is very comfortable.- sound system is awesome.- screen is HUGE- I like that they require you to completely turn off the cell phonesLowlights:- wish they had "loveseat" style seating - it was kinda hard to get comfy with my girl- Although the screen is huge, they should cut a few feet off the bottom.  Anytime someone stood up in the first few rows, their melons blocked a portion of the screen.- expected full food service in the theatreWe'll return one pic from seat
5	This theater just opened March 8th - I felt like a secret undercover Elite-ist agent snapping pics & paying attention to every finite detail LOL Anyhoo, I'm super impressed, this will be my new place to go for movies.The main selling feature for me:  automatic reclining super big chairs AND tables!!!!  The popcorn is made with coconut oil & real butter (none of that fake motor oil cr&p that is made from chemicals and called "butter" ) - another huge plus for me.  But they sell alcohol too, it was a little strange seeing people holding beer. $11 per ticket & assigned seats, so book early!The overall feel of the place is kind of like a budget palace, but they splurged on the seating and the overall quality of the viewing, so it's a win win, that's what's really important (at least to me)!!  The name however, does still confuse me a little, is it - Luxury? Galaxy? Huh? OH well, it's a great place, I WILL BE BACK FO SHIZZLE!!Here are a few more tid-bits, from their website:    The most plush, reclining seats in Las Vegas    Beer and wine service    Fantastic all digital sound and projection    Huge screens    Enormous 4K DFX screen    Award winning customer service    All reserved seating at no extra costMASTERIMAGE 3D is proud to lead the way in next-generation 3D design and production.  Their technologies allow for the sharpest and most stunning stereoscopic 3D experience.     High color fidelity and image clarity    Precise separation of left & right images    Comfortable viewing and head tilt allowed    Compatible with high frame rate 3D film presentations (48 & 60 fps)    Works with all sizes and brightness projector lamps    Avoids multiple layers of liquid crystal material removing any threat of image deteriorationAvailable exclusively at this Galaxy Theatre, our DFX auditorium with its wall to wall and floor to ceiling screen is the largest viewing experience in the region.  The DFX auditorium features triple flash digital projection along with Dolby Digital 7.1 surround sound to produce the ultimate immersive movie experience.  Enjoy the big screen and the best sound with Galaxy's DFX.
4	Checked out the new theater in town and boy is it comfy. I'm a big guy so it takes quite a large seat for me to be super comfortable and this placed nails it. The service was also top notch. I bought an arm full of snacks and was asked several times if I needed any help carrying to the theater. I saw Oz in 3D and I must say I was thoroughly impressed with the sound system and screen size.   Overall this was a great experience.
5	MET AND EXCEEDED OUR EXPECTATIONS!  My husband was in heaven.  The recliners are electric reclining, you have your own little table - the drink holder is recessed so it doesn't get in the way of your view ... perfect comfort.  Looks like they took out every other row, so there is NO crowding whatsoever.  We reserved our seats online, at first were dismayed that the program won't allow you to put a seat between you and people you don't know, but the people at the theater said there is no need -- and they were right!  After the movie, no one wanted to get UP -- they were so comfortable. Had a beer because I could, but probably will go back to soda next time.  The seats are very wide, and even fully reclined, maybe you have to move your feet a little if someone wants to go in past you.  The staff is very nice and everyone there seemed to be having a good time.  I hope they are able to keep the seats nice and they don't get crapped up with use the way airline seats do.  Very happy, and very happy to see life in that center which has died -- around the mid-90s it was the happening place to be in this area.
5	We attending the opening of Oz The Great and Powerful (3D) for the 7 pm show on March 8. I took out the camera and took photos as we went. What a wonderful experience! The theater looked posh and "Like a Hollywood opening" (as my hubby said) and the experience was great from the git go. We ordered tickets online and got reserved seating, which was really convenient; there was free popcorn and then there were the seats! All the folks around us agreed that there was nothing like reclining on a more comfortable chair than we had at home to watch a movie! The movie itself was excellent, too, with just 10 minutes of trailer and then boom! on with the 3D glasses and on with the show! And what a show it was! Magical doesn't even begin to describe the experience with this level of 3D and sound. The screen was a full wall and something else to see. The manager (who introduced the movie) and ushers were great - friendly, accommodating and happy to help. We will definitely go to this cinema again, especially since we live just across the street! 4 thumbs up from us.
5	The best customer service I have ever had in a movie theatre
5	After going here, I don't think I'm going to another movie theater in Vegas again.Where do I even begin?  The main lobby doesn't look anything out of the ordinary.  Small, unassuming theater with only a handful of screens.  Ticket prices are more than reasonable ($8 for matinee, $11 for evening), and of course, there's the standard concession fare.And then the experience becomes its own thing.You reserve your seat, as in, like a concert, with a specific seat being your own.  You pick where you would like to sit (based off availability).  A "Large" popcorn is massively huge, and comes with REAL butter.  You can order sausages from a number of varieties, or just make your own, where you can have one with avocado and bacon if you so choose.  They have beer (on tap) and wine service.Handing the ticket over to the usher, you are escorted to your seat.  And not just any seat.  It is a comfortable recliner with a pull-out table that plops you in front of this huge screen.  I tend to sit in the middle of the theater, but tickets were sold enough that I had to sit in second row.  Did I have to strain my neck to see?  Nope.  I leaned my seat back in full reclining position to stare up at the screen, snacks in one hand, drinks in another.The screen was huge and clear.  The sound was excellent, and shook me in my cozy chair.  It's no secret that movie theater attendance isn't what it used to be: High prices, gimmicks, cramped and uncomfortable seats....  For what you get here, $8/$11 is nothing.  NOTHING, I tell you!Even the staff was incredibly nice.  It's nice to just be welcomed to a place, and kind of catered to to make it not just some outing, but an actual special experience.  If this is how they are going to treat people that walk in the door, then no other business is going to have my patronage.  Galaxy has earned mine.As for the "cold" issue that a few reviews were mentioning.  I didn't see it.  Either they had an off day, or someone took the "cold" comments to heart and fixed it.I felt RELAXED coming out of a movie theater.  I watched the new "Oz" movie (which I thought was fun), so a good movie, coupled with a genuinely comfortable viewing experience impressed me, and I usually don't impress like that.Finally, someone found a theater gimmick that puts the fun back into the movie watching experience, and doesn't gouge you for this "privilege".  The concept of reserved seating, huge chairs to really stretch out in, and a nice drink is so simple, but the effect works so incredibly well.  I'll be watching all "big" movies here from now on. For my 300th review, I think this is a worthy milestone, and a very high recommendation.  Other theater chains need to really pay attention to what is happening here.P.S.  - I love the recliners.  If you walk into the theater one day and see a big empty space where a chair should have been... finding a similar looking seat in my living room is probably just a coincidence.Yeah... coincidence....
5	My new favorite movie theater! I purchased my tickets online and you pick out your exact seating, so no need to be early to try to get good seats. The concession stand has what any typical theater would have your popcorn, nacho, soda and much more. I forgot to add achohol. I had some popcorn and nachos, very good.Im so glad I no longer need to walk through a casino to gobto the movie theater!!
5	This is THE PLACE to watch a movie! the prices are amazing tickets are only $11 and matinee only $8 (you can't beat that) but that isn't the best part! They have HUGE ELECTRIC RECLINING CHAIRS and big screens in the theaters and the sound or surround sound is AWESOME! And let's talk about the food and draaanks ;)... Gourmet hotdogs (sooooo good) and the popcorn with REAL BUTTER (none of that fake artificial stuff)! Aaand To help you "WINE" down lol they serve all different types of beers (on tap) and of course wine ;). THE STAFF THERE ARE AMAZING AND CUTE THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I EVER HAD! So I highly recommend this place if you just want to relax and get away, family night out, date night with your husband/wife/gf/bf. Girls/boys night out This is the place to go!
5	Whats wrong with theaters today:1. Too expensive for what you get. If the movie is crappy, tough shitzu. 2. Uncomfortable seats that cramp your neck & your style. 3. Tiny aisles that force you to stick either your fanny or your junk in strangers faces when you have to tinkle. 4. Food that is expensive, unhealthy and not very good. 5. Nonexistant customer service6. Oh yeah, and no booze!This theater solves these nasty problems in creative & interesting ways. Heres how:1. You get more for your money. Its only a dollar more than other local theaters, but you get luxury seating, ushers in uniforms like the old days, & more. See below. 2. HUGE recliners that go ALL the way back. Even though we were seated close to the front it didnt hurt my neck. Id recommend you sit in row H or above so youre not too close. The recliners also have little swivelling desks like in college to put your snacks on. 3. Larger aisles to accompdate the larger reclining chairs4.  They have a hotdog bar where you can get a bunch of different toppings. The hotdogs are bigger than at other theaters, cost $6 (not too bad), and its rumored that burgers are on their way!5. The BEST customer service Ive ever had at a theater. I think theres nothing like putting a uniform on someone to remind them theyre there for SERVICE! Sidenote: it was really nice to see a bunch of young people with JOBS! You can tell theyre all anxious to please and make a good impression :)6. Oh yeah, and theres BOOZE! The line was pretty long so we didnt check it out in depth, but we will in the future!All around: 5 stars! Im impressed. Great job, guys!
4	So of course I did my Yelp research prior to making my decision to come here and spending a little extra at the movies, as if going to the movies nowadays isn't expensive enough!At the ticket box you are greeted and asked to pick a seat. They show you a seating chart from a small screen with all available and unavailable reserved seating. Well, I didn't know we could reserve our seats prior to arrival-nonetheless, we were there early and got lucky with our seats. Snack Bar: $6.00 for small popcorn. Ehhh... Not too bad considering popcorn is fresh, and they actually use real butter. Most places now have stale, salty, gross popcorn. Theater/Auditorium- Favorite part! These seats are no joke! Very specious allowing enough room for those to pass through the aisles without you having to move a muscle. Power seats with a small little table to place all your junk food and a cup holder for your draaaank. Pretty much the La-Z-Boy experience. The screen was huge, surround sound was immaculate. They have ushers for those who forgot their alphabet for assistance in finding seats. It is strictly PROHIBITED the use of cell phones. (You'll get kicked out-no joke!) Once you have made yourself comfortable for the movie, seconds before the movie starts; a host/manager/janitor will welcome everyone and again remind everyone of the "cell phone rule". Oh-and how can I forget! They sell alcohol. ;-) Overall Experience: I took away one star due to fact that they didn't have a waiting area. No chairs, benches or anything at all to sit while you wait. The place is NOT luxurious whatsoever, in fact, you almost get a feel for a budget movie theater walking in. Arcades on both corners as soon as you walk in and they are TINY. They definitely did splurge on the seats and surround sound. I recommend reserving seats prior to making your way there. Other than that, place was worth the extra money. Will be back for sure.
5	Recliners and alcohol.  What more can I say?!?  But seriously, this is one badass movie theater.  You buy your tickets at the theater or reserve them online.  At 11 bucks a movie ticket, it's no more expensive than most other theaters.  And the ones that are cheaper, in my experience, are giving you exactly what you pay for, if that.  One of the differences you'll notice immediately is that you reserve an ACTUAL seat.  The aisles and seats are lettered and numbered and it's easy to find your spot.  It's probably a good idea to get tickets early if you are going with a big group and want seats together. Inside, there are lines for food and one line for alcohol.  They have bottled beer and draft, and those Copa di Vino individual-glass wines (anyone a Shark Tank fan?).   A movie theater that serves spirits!  Yay!The entire theater is still so clean and new.  The seats are amazing.  Recliner chairs that, with the press of a button, allow you to go all the way back and attached personal tables that you can swing close to you for your food and drink.  You know that feeling of your chair being pulled back by someone's hand on it trying to leverage themselves as they squeeze through the aisle?  Absolutely none of that going on here because the aisles are large. Friendly service all around, comfortable and clean theaters, great sound system, large screen, and the ability to enjoy an adult beverage while you watch your movie... put this up against any other movie theater in comparison and it will win time and time again!  Galaxy totally raises the bar for the movie-going experience.
5	My wife reserved tickets with our exact seating (!) that was the first clue that this was something special.  My family; me and my wife and our two children, went to see Oz the Great and Powerful (3D).  Entering the theater was pretty typical, except for the bar section where you could order 32oz beers for 10.50!  We got some popcorn and drinks and paid the usual high prices and then in we went.  This was like the opening of the Wizard of Oz.  Drab black and white followed by stunning color.  The screen was MASSIVE.  The aisle-ways between seats, large and spacious, no need for folks already sitting to move their legs.  The seats are like overstuffed "lazy-boy" chairs with food trays that rotate out.  Sitting down was so comfortable that I was amazed.  Reaching over with my right hand I found the recliner switch which was electrical and reclined my chair to a most suitable position.  I suddenly felt like one of the fat characters in "Wall-E".  The picture and sound were the best I have heard and seen.  Overall we decided that this was truly the next level of theater experience  and Galaxy has raised the bar for every other theater from now on.Incredible!  We can't wait to go back, in fact I am gonna do it this Sunday!
5	This place is great! Having been to many outdated older movie theaters, give this one a try.  Before this, the Rave or now AMC in Town Square was my go to theater for the best movies.1.  Parking - Tons of it, but always full as restaurants are nearby. However, a covered garage is close, very close and for the hot days, perfect.  - 5 star2.  Ticketing - All the seats are reserved, so you have to pick your seat. Not bad if you are at a matinee, however, suggest that for blockbusters, you reserve in advance.  Watch it.  Don't put that someone "special" far away.  That may be effective, but not nice!  5 Star3.  Seating - Amazing.  Barcolounger type seats that recline about 75%. Plenty of space for legs and for people to walk past you. This is quality stuff.  And for those of you that are seat challenged and like a bit of room for the boom, perfect fit.   5 star!4.  Snacks - Beer!  Hot Dogs, and all the other stuff.  Typical, however, they offer the flavor shakers for the pop corn for free!  Rave used to do this before they were taken over.  Not sure how someone can drink a beer and watch a movie.  Makes them trips to the toilet a bit frequent... 5 star! 5.  Reward Card - Yep, they have it and the Rave did not, so another great thing. Now that Rave is AMC, I am sure they have a card.  I just signed up for my Galaxy Card!6.  Ticket agents - How many times have you gone to the Rave or Regal and they have 6 ticket booths, a long line, and only 1 or 2 ticketing people!  Isn't that horrible?  At the Galaxy, so far, even on matinee, they have had at least 4-5 ticketing agents and no line!7.   Price - Okay, a bit expensive. Adult Matinee is 8.50 and Adult Evening is 11.00.  With Regal, you can buy those Costco tickets in bulk and it is good for any movie any time for 8.50.  A deal. However, a blockbuster or great movie is better in a theater with great ambiance so the extra bucks can be  very worth it.  4 star!GK says go to this luxurious place to experience the wonder and dreams of a film in a great setting.
4	We had heard about the opening of this new theatre and because of it's amenities (cushy chairs that recline and the fact that they serve beer & wine), we decided we'd wait a few weeks so the crowds of people dwindled down.We went here on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't overly packed, but good to see people coming out to support the new theatre. The front of the building is really simple and almost has a retro feel to it. When you walk inside, you see the standard concession. I didn't check out where they served the beer or wine or if it's just at the concession, so i can't really review on that. But i CAN review on the FANTASTIC chairs that they have. The minute you sit, you're sunken into a blissful and relaxing state of mind. They recline so that you're almost in a laying down position and even when you're at the furthest you can go, people still have the room to walk past you. The ONLY thing that was a tad bit annoying was that the audio to our movie was pretty low. Boyfriend and I could barely hear what the actors were saying. It's definitely not going to keep us from coming back. Had we told someone mid-movie, I'm sure it would have been fixed, but we were sooooooooo comfortable, neither of us wanted to get up. We are definitely coming back.
5	First off, sorry to be limited to 5 stars on yelp....I give this theater 10. I knew this old, outdated theater has been closed for quite some time, and it was getting converted into this supposed 'luxury' theater. Right, what exactly is a 'luxury theater'. Well, now I know. Holy smoke, this place is....luxury. First off, I went on line to buy the tickets. Big surprise, you actually select your seats at the same time. How cool is that. But, a catch I thought....there are only 6 rows of seats after the aisle that seperates the lower seats from the upper. This must be the tiny room with the tiny screen. So, I wisely left the 11:30 time slot, and went to the 11:50 time slot sure I would catch the bigger one. NOOOOO....it was even smaller. Oh well, 11:30 it is. So we get there and finding our seats was easy. And the seats...wowowowo. They are huge leather lazy-boy looking things..and they recline. But how? Electric of course. Yes, there is button to make that throne do whatever you want. And of course, what would the worlds best theater seat be without a drink and snack tray that swivels in front of you. Down I plop, and back I go. And back...and back. Now I am in full-on horizontal mode...expecting a masseuse to show up at any moment, blankets anyone? Anyway...I look up from my bed in my tiny theater and in front of me is a GIANT screen. Another wow. It was huge. All of this luxury cost no more than the local GVR Regal, and comes complete without the myriad of squeeking chairs you are confronted with at dear Regal (a topic I have written to them about with no response from those wonderful folks.) Here are another couple of tips...the biggest screens are in theaters 3 and 7. When you book on-line you can actually see what theaters you will be in so you can chose the time that is in one of these two if you are a screen-size snob like me. There are so many fewer seats than the Regals we go to I am surprised they can make money with such limited seating. Warning though--the front area of seating is pretty close to the screen---and the front row...talk about reach out and touch someone! Can't be more than three feet away from the screen. Anyway, this is my go to place now-adios Regal and my 645 points on my Regal card.....been fun, but not as much fun as this place, even though I have to drive a lot further (and pass two Regals). Oh, and more. There were only three previews before the movie started...what...hey Regal...see that...you and you dozen or so previews that go for half an hour....nobody wants that. One tip though, double, triple and quadruple check the date and time for your tickets when buying online. There may be an issue with the date changing during the checkout process. Make sure the ticket you print out is for the correct date/time.
5	How have other movie theaters not gotten smart and fell in line with these guys over here???You want my money? Here's what Galaxy has, that you obviously need:- Quick service- Online ticket sales- GREAT reclining, personal lay-z-boy type seats that I don't have to pay extra for. - Giant movie screen with great sound- 32oz BEER FOR $9.50- 6 beers on tap (3 from a local brewery, y'all! Try to hold it together)- 7 kinds of wine- Gourmet hotdogs- excellent, no-nonsense serviceI mean, really; lessons learned?All movies are better with booze and red vines!You MUST experience this. It's an excellent Sunday matinee.
5	Wow!  The best theater in Las Vegas/Henderson.  Each seat is wide leather reclining seats.  The service is great, they walk you to your theater and open the door if your hands are full with refreshments.  They have assigned seating, no more waiting in line.  Gourmet hot dogs and beer and wine.  The most important thing:  $11 for a ticket!  That's what it cost at any theater.  In LA, this would be $20+ per ticket.  There is no where else I will be watching movies from now on!
5	Ok... what's better then a recliner, popcorn and a giant screen... at the same price as other theaters---- Nuthin! Clean and brand spankin new, easy to get tickets online with assigned seating and great munchies. Popcorn was fresh and tasty and staff was friendly. Go for the chairs!
5	The seats are the best, I wasn't sure if I was here to watch a movie or take a nap?  The Snack bar food is really good and the Popcorn is tasty!     Best Moive house in the whole state!    Long time coming!  Your family is going to love it!
5	I'm a fan...nothing like watching a movie with your feet up on comfortable recliners with your feet no where close to the chairs in front of you because of well spaced aisles.  The arm rests are probably 5 inches wide which makes for good elbow room...Oh and you get to pick your seats in advance.  Reminds me of flying first class.  You should check this place out!
4	I LOVE this movie theatre! I give it 4.5 Stars: I am taking away HALF a star because seats are ASSIGNED when you purchase your ticket - I think they could skip this step and be like other normal theatre's and just grab your own seat, first come first serve yo! ANYWAY. Arriving at the theatre there is like NO parking. We finally found a spot and then you purchase your tickets outside of the theatre and pick your seat on an lcd screen and they print your tickets and off you go. The seats are SIIIIIIIIIIIIICK. There is a button on the side of your seat and you push it to recline AND have the foot rest come out and then reeeeeelaaaaaaaax! Even if you are in the very front, like WE were, as in Row B, which is the SECOND row from the front, NO stiff neck! Just recline and CHIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLL. There is a little table for you too that has a drink holder and then you can put your snacks, etc on the table. LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!!! Tickets weren't too bad either, it is Saturday night and and my ticket was $11 and Hunnie Bunnie's was $7.50 (she is 4).The theatre is a little out of our way but I would totally return here for all my movie needs!! Hunnie Bunnie and I both loved it and the movie; The Croods! =)
5	This place has electronically reclining seats. They're HUGE. The space between aisles is 2-3 times that of regular theaters. This is because all the seats can recline and your feet go up.The tickets for a Friday night are $11 ($8.50 for matinee), like all other theaters, so it's a no brainer. They also have beer and wine!A couple things to be warned about, the theater is Reserved Seating. This means, when you buy your tickets, you are assigned seats. You can choose them of course. However, because of the limited amount of seats, and the fact that you can buy them online, they sell out quickly.In other words, buy the tickets online and you can waltz in there right before the show to the best seats in the house. Buy them at the theater, and you'll probably be sitting in the first 2 rows.
5	Coolest movie theatre ever!  We saw Oz last night, and came back to see GI Joe tonight! I rarely go to the movies but we loved the theatre sooooo much we had to come back. Their matinee prices are $8.50/adults and $7.50/kids. The BEST part of this place are the mechanical reclining leather chairs =-) I love them so much! I want one for my house! OH and the full bar! You could reserve seating online through the regal site (we found out tonight), Which is great for next time. I can't wait to go back!
3	The seating was fantastic, as was the size of the large screen. However, for a theatre that bills itself "luxury " there should be a lot more effort put into cleanliness. I have been to theaters all over the area, and this is the first one that had popcorn, napkins, straw wrappers, etc littering the floor near the candy counter. The most disappointing feature of the theater was that the bathrooms looked like they were rarely cleaned. I truly was shocked that they would neglect something so important in a luxury theater. I may be willing to try it once more, in a few months, to see if they have their act together, because I do like the seats, as well as the ability to reserve specific seats on-line. However, if it hasn't gotten cleaned up, then that will be the last time I will go.
5	The best Theatre in town !
5	Over the top AWESOME.  I could go on for pages as to how great this place is.  Suffice it to say, electric reclining well spaced comfortable leather seats tells you what you need to know!  Plus I love being able to buy particular seats in advance.  Simply put, this theater now has 100% of our movie watching business.  Literally, I would not even consider going to another theater...it is that great.
5	Hands down, the best place to catch a movie in Vegas(Henderson). After you experience the awesome reclining seats, super sound system, and magnificent screen you'll never want to go to any other theater. What would be even more awesome is if they had cocktail servers to deliver drinks and concessions. Maybe even a touchscreen ordering system where you can order your hearts desire, swipe your card, and have it delivered. Eh, not that necessary though, but if we were wishing, LOL. Prices vary depending on show times which is great. Late shows are discounted. But even if all show times were $14 it'd still be worth it! Love it!
5	I almost couldn't believe such a movie theatre existed. Galaxy delivers a luxury home theatre experience that will spoil you from all other movie theatres.Luxurious cushy recliners with tables and drinkholders is like being home. Another great thing is they have assigned seating (not so great for movie sneakers...ahem) so you don't have to show up extra early to nab that center row seat, just come at your leisure and don't worry about stepping over anyone...there is plenty of room to walk.There's also a bar. What's crazy is that ticket prices are the same as other theatres...sans the convenience fee if you order online for assigned seating.Bring comfy socks or a light blanket, settle in and enjoy the movie experience.
4	Yup the 2 things that makes this theater different:1. Craft beer on tap: $10 for a 32oz, and $7 for a 20oz. Meh on the prices but atleast they got the beer.2. Really comfy powered reclining chairs.Other than that the theater is pretty standard compared to others in town. There are only a few screens so movies and showtimes are limited. But these are some pretty tempting features, and when considering that their ticket prices are the same as the other places, why not have comfy chairs and beer in hand? The theaters are very roomy, people are able to walk by with ease - no more stepping on your feetGalaxy did a great job renovating what used be a old United Artist theater that went out of business years ago. Unlike some of the other theaters, this place has plenty of parking (both covered garage and open lot) and there are several restaurants with in walking distance. Hopefully more theaters jump on this 'luxury' idea maybe we can have these seats in all the theaters.
5	Our first visit last night, finally a place that understands that sitting in an uncomfortable chair for a couple of hours really isn't a good motivator to go to the movies. Tickets purchased online, seats reserved (love that), yes the snacks are over priced, but the wine isn't, very strange, but ok.We will certainly be using this as our theater of choice.
5	The exact rating should be a 4.5. This place is darn near perfect. To get that last 1/2 point they should offer adult only showings. We usually go to late shows hoping to avoid small children, however, at an 11:00 showing of Django Unchained at another theater there were a few toddlers so even that strategy isn't perfect. I had concerns about the parking, but there was plenty. It's a nice area where you can get a quick bite before or after the show. We went opening weekend so everyone was giving their best customer service. They ran out of some beer and wine choices and that was because it was opening weekend. The seats were fantastic and because they are assigned, you don't have to worry about getting there and finding a seat for everyone in your party. The theater was full and I had a rather large man to my left. Still, I felt extremely comfortable as the seats are quite spacious in addition to reclining with built in foot rests. We will be driving across the city (we live near Mountain's Edge) to see movies there whenever we can. Highly recommended. I hope they build more of these theaters because I have a feeling it will really blow up when people discover it.
5	This is a new theater and it is amazing!  They serve beer and wine.  How awesome is that!  The chairs recline too.  I felt like I was in my own home watching a movie on a big screen.  Getting tickets took a little longer than other places, because you have to pick your seat before going in.  Besides that, everything was wonderful.  I will definitely be going again soon!
4	Wow what a cool place! But not without it's quirks and learning curves... They haven't been open long so staff is still figuring out what's what. I've seen places like this but they usually carry more food and alcohol... Prices are all the same as a regular movie place so that's a great reason to come here with the roomy chairs. I have a feeling that the chairs won't stay "nice" too long or that the electronic reclining part will fail sooner than later. Overall cool place, will try them again for sure but only if they turn the volume down a bit!
4	Does any other movie theater exist in Vegas now?Love this theater, not sure if its the reclining chairs, the general personal feel of the theater or the fact that there is an assortment of sausages... not to mention wine and beer.LOVE at first ticket price, which happens to be the same as rave, or any regal theater.Only problem, it has few theaters, so less movie choices.
5	We have seen two matinees at Galaxy Green Valley; Jurassic Park 3D (Dino-fun!) and Olympus Has Fallen (surpassed my very low expectations).  The only reason I agreed to go see OHF was because I LOVE this theatre!  We took two out-of-towners with us after talking the theatre up, and it did not disappoint.   For the same price (!!) as your every day run of the mill movie house, you get comfy recliners with plenty of space around you and no one kicking your chair.  We were in theatre 6 today and the screen was awesome.  Totally encompassing,  The boys had popcorn, beer and a cider.  Beer and Cider?  Yep....  The gourmet hot dogs we saw others eating looked pretty tasty as well.  Maybe next time, and there will be plenty of next times.  Hopefully, my Galaxy Rewards Card will earn us some free stuff!
5	What a great experience.  Comfortable, reclining chairs and a manager announces the theater rules prior to the movie.  Beer and wine available if one chooses and it can be taken into the movie.  Best part -- prices for admission and concessions the same as Rave, AMC, or Regal.The only thing that can hurt this place is itself.  Seems upkeep is mandatory to preserve the experience, but if they do it, this is an absolute winner.  I suggest purchasing tickets on line prior as the seats are all reserved (like a sporting event or concert).  Not a bad seat in the house though.
5	Reminds me if a California theater. Reserved seating. Some people may not like it but I actually prefer it. No jockeying for your seat.
5	I absolutely love this movie theater! There is no way that you can watch movies and  feel more comfortable at any other theaters in Vegas. It's like once you go "Galaxy", you never go back! It was the most relaxing experience I ever had. No more neck pain because they have comfy recliners in the house! There is one more thing to make this place even better. You can get unlimited refill of popcorn and large soda with same day receipt!
4	The previous theater went out of business here a while back, but now the Galaxy Luxury theater has taken it's place is it's better than ever. The movie screen is HUGE and what makes it really cool is the fully reclining leather seats, with fold away trays and dual cupholders! They also sell some decent fully loaded hot dogs, some with brats and saurkraut or a classic Chicago dog with all the trimings among others (there is a desert hot dog with peanut butter and some kind of chocolate, but I am sure it's called "The Skunk" for a reason!) Ever wanted to sneak a beer or other "no no" drinks into a theater? well smuggle no more, because this place serves beer (bottles or draft) and assorted wine. Traditional popcorn, soft drinks and the usual candy items also sold. Overall a great way to watch a movie, but I must say that 2 tickets, 2 hot dogs, wine and a coke was over $50, but this was a luxury experience and even if the movie was bad, you could always just recline all the way back and go to sleep. Tonight we watched "Oblivion" with Tom Cruise and Morgan Freeman, not bad and I will buy it when it comes out on DVD. Oh yeah, took away one star because we bought tickets for the 7:30 show, but when we got to our theater the movie was already started and we were early? turns out the ticket guy put us in the 7:00 showing by mistake, so I had to go back to the ticket booth and exchange them to the 7:30 show. Only good thing about that was I got to choose better seats.We'll save our money and come back here to treat ourselves to more movies, Luxury style!
5	The best movie theater in the area; if I could give it more than 5 stars I would.  The only way watching a movie could get better is if you had a private theater in your home.  Every seat is a massive plush leather, effortless electric button controlled Lazy Boy recliner with a convenient tray table and cup holder attached.  Plus they offer beer & wine at the concession stand.  Unfortunately no premium food offerings or waiter service, but just satisfy the tummy before you go.Snuggled up with my fluffy Brookstone blankie from home and a 32 oz beer from the concession stand I was quite the happy and comfy movie goer.  ticket prices are not any more expensive than you would pay at a regular theater,  its $11 for a evening show.
5	Great experience! Why?1. Very friendly staff that truly seems to enjoy their job.2. Wine, draft beer, sausage and good popcorn3. Huge crystal clear screen & picture.4. Knock your socks off sound system5. Clean facility and bathrooms6. Senior & military ticket discounts7. Reserved seats that are unbelievable - you have to see for yourself!8. Buy and reserve your tickets online.9. Convenient and plentiful parking.10. Our numero uno place to watch movies!
5	I absolutely love this theater!!! Itsnice going to the movies without having to walk through the casino and smelling like smoke when I get home. The seats are so comfortable, the popcorn and nachos are excellent. Only downfall to this theater is that there limited to the movies that get released so not all movies that I want to watch make it here.
5	I've heard several people rave about the new theater in the otherwise mostly 'ghost town' area of the Northwest corner of Sunset and Sunset. When I moved to the lovely area years ago (1999 if anyone likes to figure out how old I may be), the shopping center was lively and popular. The economy took its toll and there are more empty storefronts than there are anything else. Imagine my surprise when I heard of the new theater, and it wasn't just any theater, it was an awesome one with lots of cool tricks! My Dad, a huge movie buff, raved about this place, and suggested the whole family go see the latest GI Joe movie that was out. We purchased tickets online, AND reserved our seats! It had even better appeal than choosing seats on an airline because ALL seats recline fully, and with no one to tell you to return to your upright position during the movie.   I pulled up to the super crowded parking lot, and was mesmerized by the sparkly Galaxy Theatres sign. There was life in this building again! The lines (ticket office and concessions) were swift, especially for it being a Saturday evening. We were seated in our 'reserved' seats right away, kicked up our feet, and relaxed. I'm surprised my husband didn't fall asleep with how much the seats resembled his favorite Lay Z boy at home, but the sound system is so wicked that the action scenes during the movie seemed to rattle us. It was like we were THERE in the fight scene right along with the actors.  Can't wait to go there again.
5	If at all possible I'll will be doing my best to never go to another theater in Las Vegas again.
5	Went to this theater with my husband after a long day at work and thought it was awesome. The chairs are amazing and super comfy. The prearranged seating makes it easy for you to ensure that you get the spot you want so you can maximize your movie enjoyment. The pricing is no more than a regular theater and the experience is exceptional.  Have recommended this place to all of my friends.
4	What?! Alcohol and leather recliners?!?! I'd be a fan.Went here with a couple of friends for the premiere night of Iron Man 3. Defo, get the beers. At $9.50 for a 32 oz cup of beer? You'll feel good if you're a light weight. Chairs recline with a push of a butt'n. There's a cup holder and eating tray. I'd come back here if it's worth seeing a REALLY REALLY GOOD movie. If it's something like Twilight...not worth it.
1	To start, parking is horrible.  Secondly, while the seats are mostly comfortable trying to enjoy any movie while seating in one of the first three rows is nearly impossible.  The theater should be ASHAMED of themselves for allowing seats to be placed so close to the screen.  My neck and back are likely ruined for a week.My advice to anyone thinking of going to this theater is to make sure not to get a seat in any of the first three or four row.  I think 5 rows back is probably the closest most people are going to be able to sit and enjoy themselves.
5	This theater has it all!  Food, wine and comfort!  The reclining wide seats are what makes this theater my top choice.  With the stadium seating and wide aisles, you don't have to worry about someone tall sitting in front of you blocking your view.   With my height disadvantage, this has been a problem before.  Attached to the chairs are a food and drink tray!  This is also a huge plus in my book!It is also my top choice because of the online purchase and seat selection.  When you know that you are going ahead of time, especially for a new release, it's so convenient to get your tickets way in advance to skip the long lines.  Everyone from the ticket cashiers to the food concessions are extremely friendly and willing to help.  Our official movie theater is Galaxy Theatres of Green Valley!
5	My boyfriend and I had heard great things about this theater, so we purchased tickets  this past Sunday.  First off, I LOVE the fact that you can reserve your seats. Sure, you might have to buy a few days in advance to get the optimal seating, but hey, the early bird gets the worm. Just don't be the late one.The tickets, concession stand items, and the beer were all reasonably priced. Every employee was extremely friendly and even more professional. We got to our seats (which no one took, woo hoo!) and were instantly impressed with the reclining seats and tray. Took me a few minutes to realize that the tray moves so that my snacks can be right in front of me. Boom. Even more impressed. About halfway through the movie I realized that no one had asked me to move my seat so they could get passed me. I looked up and saw that even if I was fully reclined, there was still more than enough room for people to pass without even touching you. That took the cake for me.I am never going to any other movie theater. Ever.The perfect cinematic experience.
4	Recently went on a date with my wife to see 42. Ordering on my iPhone was a little difficult as I was unable to choose my seats well in advance. Once we arrived we noticed our seats weren't the greatest. By the time the movie started however, management rectified the situation and gave us much better seats in the handicap seating that were going unused. The seats are tremendously large and the full range of recline was surprising. The amount of foot space in the aisle even after full recline is more than adequate. The Picture quality along with the sound seemed to have the latest technology and was clear, rivaling any other good theater in town. Being that this place sells Alcoholic beverages, I was totally expecting this place to have outrageous prices in the concession stand. Not necessarily so. I ordered a wine for my wife $7 and a 32oz Blue Moon for myself. That's basically two full beers for $4.50. I've been to some dive bars that charge more than that. Along with the drinks I ordered a BLT Brat Sausage that was extremely tasty. Popcorn and softdrinks wouldn't have cost much less.After a rough start with purchasing tickets from home, the overall experience totally redeemed itself. By the way, 42 is a movie worth seeing.
4	I visited the galaxy theater for the first time yesterday. Upon arrival I was a little nervous at first because of the full parking lot and line at the ticket booth. When first researching the theater we saw that we could reserve seats, but were to indecisive to book tickets. Hoping that the movie wasn't sold out we parked a proceeded to the line. After the brief wait the cashier was very friendly and apologized for the wait. We received our tickets and proceeded into the theater. That is where the have the typical movie concession stand and a beer/gourmet sausage stand. We got our normal snacks first and the beer last. I tried the draft for the brewery next door. It was a hefeweizen which I normally drink. The beer its self had a weird sweet smell and aftertaste that reminded me of bubblegum. I wasn't really a fan and should have stuck with bud light. The movie theater was amazing with the great leather recliners. I just wish you could remove and arm and make it a love seat. I would recommend this place to anyone and it is now my go to theater for 3D movies.
5	Talk about ...l-u-x-u-r-yTalk about being s-p-o-i-l-e-dI have never been to a movie that is so accommodating and fun. The seats are like big cushy lazy boy chairs. They also give you your own seat like a RSVP kind of thing. And you don't have to hold your popcorn or snacks this is so great. I cant believe this place is so wonderful. This has just become my favorite movie theatre. The restrooms are extra clean & just wonderful. I give it five stars total. Bring your friends and family this is the last theatre you will want to visit. They spoil you to no end. This is my kind of place.
5	Luxury experience at the same price as everywhere else! They have assigned seating-which takes the guess work out of people staring up at you like deer in headlights during the previews. Plenty of room to get from the middle of the row to the aisle without having someone stand up for youA great, digital picture and exceptional sound21+ showings which eliminate you sharing a theater with swooning teenage kids who have never seen a boob before. The chairs recline from fully seated to laying out...and anywhere in between. You also get a personal table and don't have to fight for an armrest!Alcohol is served at the barThe first movie I saw here was Olympus Has Fallen and I think the theater played a role in how awesome I thought it was. Great experience everytime!
5	This theatre was pretty slick.  I really liked the comfortable reclining chairs.  I could complain about the prices of the food inside the place, but then again how is that different than any other theatre.  I pretty much go into any theatre expecting to pay a ton if I want food/drinks.  I usually try to sneak some snacks to keep my cost down.  The screen is a good size, the sound was great and I had plenty of room at my seat as well as an adjustable table to use.  Good movie going experience here.
4	Awesome recliner seats, very clean, expensive snacks.Before the movie started, a staff welcomed the audience, which was quite nice to see.  I do like the fact that the seats are assigned, however, there were people who didn't realized that they were assigned.  We have to politely let the individuals know that they were in our seats.I also like the fact that I don't have to worry about getting stranger's dirty feet next to me when no one is in that seat.  That is a pet peeve of mine.  So far the extra fee, I will pay to have an enjoyable theater experience.
4	Ok first things first.....Over all Theater was great!! Seating is supper comfy no worrying about moving out of the way to let someone pass. Recline don't recline, use the table, non't use the table. Concessions like anywhere are pricey. However the price of a cocktail or a soda are about the same. The have a giant pretzel that was pretty good and my husband liked his hot dog. He had Chicago style but they have a few to choose from. By far the greatest thing about this theater is you get to choose your seats. So get your tickets on line and there's no need to worry about getting there late. Your seats you pick are just that yours!!!My only boo is only one line for liquor and wine or beer only. Really though it's a start and they do have a few beers to choose from. Both bottle and draft.
5	Best things about this theater:1) Reserved seating! Buy tix online or on their iPhone app, reserve your seats and roll up to the theater right around showtime.2) Large spacious recliners with trays.3) They serve beer and wine.It was a little cold in the theater so dress appropriately. This was, by far, the best theater I've been to in Vegas and it'll be tough for me to go any other place to see a movie from now on.
5	When I visit my family in Denver, there are 3 or 4 luxury theaters there that I adore, and have been bitching for a long time now that no one has built such a theater in Vegas.  They finally did, and HALLELUJAH it is AWESOME!  This one is actually better than the Landmark places I frequent in Denver.  It has online ordering with assigned seating, so no need to show up early to get good seats.  The seats themselves are oversized, plush leather, electric recliners.  The aisles in EVERY row are as wide as the front aisle in most theaters, so even if all of the chairs are fully reclined, there is ample space to get to your seats.  Oh, and the armrests are double wide, so you don't have to fight your neighbor to use it, AND they have tables for your drinks and popcorn.  Super sweet.  The ticket prices are about $12 per ticket including the "online booking convenience charge" so no different than prices at most of the theaters in town.  The concession stand is about average pricing, but they also offer gourmet hot dogs (about 6 varieties) as well as wine and beer.  Very nice.  This theater comes with my highest recommendation.  My only complaint is the seat controls are on the seat side of the armrest, so every time I move a little throughout the movie, my thigh bumps the button and changes my seating position...but  I'm the only one I know who has that problem.  ***Expert tip - sign up for their rewards card.  You get points for every movie you see and for the concessions you buy, so you can earn free tickets.
5	This place has ruined me for any other movie theater for the rest of my life.  After having been to this place and experienced the perks of the Galaxy Luxury lifestyle, how can I possibly go to any other theater - EVER?!?!?!LOVE the fact that you can purchase tickets on line and actually reserve a seat.  I despise the need to arrive to a movie theater 30 minutes to an hour early to get a good seat whenever a big, new blockbuster opens.  The fact that you can truly select and reserve a seat is my second favorite thing about this theater.My first favorite thing you ask?  The seats themselves.  Can you say leather, automatic, fully reclining seats?!?!?!  What?!?!?  Hashtag LOVINIT!!!!!  The aisles are even spaced far enough apart someone can walk through the aisle while you are fully reclined.  And I mean fully reclined!!!  It's a good thing I don't drink - yes - if you know nothing about this place or haven't read other reviews - they have a bar serving beer & wine.  So, anyway, it's a good thing I don't drink, because no matter how good the movie was a beer in hand and the comfort of these seats would equal me being passed out like a champ, snoring through an entire movie.Anyway, I digress...  This place is absolutely amazing and so worth the extra pennies.  I have been tweeting and instagramming about this place for several weeks now and I mean it when I say I am ruined for any other theater for the rest of my life.  Recommend this place to everyone living in or visiting Las Vegas.
5	The best movie experience I've ever had... I wish I could have given this place 10 stars for the electric luxury reclining man chairs, the huge screen size, great digital projection and sound system... almost IMAX like, and the innovative way to eat and drink while watching the movies...and all for the same price, if not cheaper than most theaters, at $11 for an adult...  I just hope and pray this is the new standard of movie theater experiences, so one will pop up in my neighborhood (Huntington Beach, CA)... I like that we were able to pick our own seats... I like that they came out and set ground rules for theater enjoyment and the consequences for non-compliance... but the best part was watching Star Trek fully reclined and totally comfortable in a plush leather like recliner, perfectly fitted and wide enough so that I had my own space... yeah, if your on a date you like those types of seats where the cup holder moves out of the way so two of you can snuggle while watching the movie... you will need to check out the old style seats elsewhere... but everyone else will love these seats... hey guys... snuggling is way over rated anyways... aaaaaaaaah... I'm forever ruined... where can I buy one of those chairs for my own home?
5	You know when you leave a movie theater after a long movie and sometimes feel sore and your neck is cramped? I felt like I just sat on a stone slab and watched a movie. Well, head over to Galaxy for their FULLY reclining leather chairs, AWESOME. Even sitting in row B which was 2nd to the front, you can still recline and have a great view of the screen. On top of all of this - BEER & WINE - Yes, you can get a 32oz beer ($9), they have a decent selection on tap as well. Some of the brew comes from the Barley's brewery a few buildings down. Grab a beer, head to your theater, lay back in that awesome chair, and enjoy your movie!!
5	Well what can you say to double wide electric reclining lazy boy seating.....beer I Hand watching a 3D movie.... not much but HELL YA!!!!
5	By far the best theater I have ever been to.**TIP** it is assigned seating.. So get there early! When you buy your tickets, they will pull up a floor chart & you will tell them what seats you want.There's a little stand where you can buy beer and wine, for those of you who like drinking at the movies.The best part is of course the seats! They are comfy squishy full-on recliners.  You can recline ALL The way back and there will still be room in between the aisles.  It's so nice not having to stand up or scoot back when someone in your row has to go pee during the middle of the movie.  They also have these retractable trays in which you can put your nachos/food/etc.You can really make yourself at home here. I've seen people bring blankets and such.  Although this theater is far from home, it is my go-to theater from now on.
5	This is a great spot!  Comfortable seating, all the staff is really nice.  Movies and sound are top notch.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.  Wish more theaters were like this one.
5	Thanks to Galaxy Theaters Green Valley I probably won't ever look at another theater the same. The reclining seats. The assigned seating. Does it get better??
3	The "Gourmet" hot dogs are horrible!  I wish they just had the regular theatre dogs. The bread is huge and dry falling apart in every bite.  HOWEVER, the draft beer is a welcome addition to a movie theatre menu :-) , the screen is small but good enough for a drama or similar movie,  the seats are ok,  yes they recline and are far from each other therefore you don't have to fight for elbow room or accidentally kick the seat in front of you...  but I did find the seats tiring after about an hour.
5	Best theater in town. The only thing that would make it better would be if they served full on meals. Some other cities have theaters that have servers walking around taking and delivering food. That would do well in this city.What had me excited was the beer and wine option. I do love me some alcohol whenever.I have been here twice. The first time I almost fell asleep while lounging in the chairs. The second time I was too engrossed in the handsome cast of the Starship Enterprise. I am not a movie theater type of person. I usually wait it out and Red Box movies so that I can view them in the comfort of my own home. I cannot even remember the last movie I went to before these last two. It would probably have been in the fall of last year. When the Galaxy Theater comes up as an option, I am there.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!From the recliner chairs to the huge iMax like movie screen.We found this theater through fandango. I've never heard of it so I looked on here for reviews and was surprised to see the awesome pictures of reclining chairs and alcohol being sold. My husband and I just had to check it out. We bought our tickets online picked our seats (z18 & 19 last row in the back). When we walked in, I was kind of let down. It was so busy(the concession lines), and it looked a bit too untidy to be called a luxury theater. There was popcorn and napkins all over the floor, but as soon as we walked into our theatre it was a whole other story. Very spacious , clean, and the seats looked exactly as they did in the reviews. The seats reclined almost to a flat position, and attached is a little tray and drink holder for your popcorn, snack, food and drink. Watched our movie comfortably and since we were watching fast 6 in DFX, the sound was phenomenal. I thought that sitting in the back row would be too far, but that wasn't the case. I would actually prefer to sit in the very back from now on. We had a great experience there and we will not be watching another movie anywhere else. Our tickets were $8.50 each at matinee price, medium popcorn and 2 large drink came to $18, and my husbands 32oz blue moon was $9. Not bad Galaxy, not bad at all.
5	Pre-selected RECLINING seats? same price as a regular theater? not any farther from home than any other theater? SOLD!I work in the plaza right across and never went when it was the grand opening, however I don't like busy places anyway. :PSaw Iron Man 3 here and walked right through the door right away and into our seats. Being the button presser I am, I kept moving the seat back and forth for quite some time andddd there was that mechanical/leather farting noises (no I didn't have gas) and managed to make the patrons in front of me look back. Maybe it needs some degreasing.
4	HUGE seats that recline, beer, wine and delicious sausage hot dogs... what isn't there to love about this place? Galaxy has completely ruined other theaters for me. At this point, this is the ONLY place I want to go to watch a flick. Staff is friendly and nice. Theaters are clean. And the overall atmosphere is just comfy and pleasant. I think it affects fellow patrons, because it seems like everyone is more polite and considerate than the crowds at other theaters. My only criticism is that more attention needs to be paid to the restrooms, especially in the evening. If the restrooms were perfectly tended to, I would have given this place five stars. But nonetheless, I am a fan and will return again and again.
2	I don't even know where to begin with this review. I guess we should start with purchasing the tickets. I read the reviews for this theatre last night and everyone suggested that we should purchase seating in advance, what the reviews did not mention is that it only works if you are able bodied and do not need accessible seating. The seating chart did not specify which seats are wheelchair accessible and which seats were not. I have had no prior experience with this theatre and decided it was better not to take a chance with purchasing tickets online without knowing if I would be able to use them. I arrived an hour before my movie was to start and was met by 3 long lines; two of which were moving at a snail's pace. I decided to move over to the second line which was moving rather quickly and ran by a guy in a white shirt (supervisor? lead?) after he asked my boyfriend what movie we would like to see he showed us a seating chart. My boyfriend was confused looking at the chart and I could not see the screen because of the angle it was in. The box office associate took a phone call while we were having difficulty understanding the seating arrangement. When my boyfriend tried to ask him a question he put up his finger indicating one second. After his call ended my boyfriend finally got a chance to finally ask which seats indicated accessible seating. The associate replied well since she is handicapped I can unlock H-1 and H-2. First of all the word handicapped is not politically correct and other words could have been chosen to describe me. Second, he clearly saw that I was in a wheelchair why didn't he suggest a seat instead of having us look at seats that were not accommodating.  We purchased the tickets but still had 30 minutes to kill. Since they have assigned seating there was no pressure in hurrying inside the theatre to get a good seat. We went to get something to eat and when we returned all Hell had broken loose inside. It looked like Armageddon had started. The floor was littered with popcorn and other trash. It looked just like the $1 theatre that I used to go to.  The fire alarm was going off which sounded like a police siren alerted patrons to go to the exits. It was a false alarm but it also caused the movies that were playing in the theatres to stop mid film. Workers were running trying to shut it off. It was complete chaos!!  After the friendly ticket taker took the tickets we found our seats which is the only reason why I was generous in giving this review 2 stars. The seats were beyond comfortable they were phenomenal which is a good thing because our movie did not start until 50 minutes after it was supposed to. This theatre has so much potential and could be my go to theatre but I am not coming back here unless they revamp their website and deal with the issue on accessible seating.
5	I can't write a full review because I didn't see an actual movie here....but stopped in to check out the seats and the new space since Galaxy has taken over. I was a bit skeptical at first while stepping into the lobby, nothing new or luxurious about this space that is for sure...but one second in those recliners and it doesn't matter. They are SO comfortable, so spacious, and so spread out from the other patrons around you that it really is remarkable someone hadn't though of this sooner. And all for the same price as a regular ticket? AND you can purchase beer, wine, and gourmet sausage at the concession stand and bring it in? AND they use real butter in their popcorn? Next time I'm in town I will absolutely be making a stop here! They need to put these in Los Angeles!!!
4	Buy your tickets a few hours before the movie.... Theaters are small and sell out easily. Note... It's assigned seating so buying early will help get you a better seat.The seats were super comfy.... and the legs kick out so you can put your feet out and lay back and relax while watching your movie.  There's an oversided tray that you can use for your snacks.Plenty of arm room on the arm rest so you don't have to worry about touching your neighbor.I highly recommend to NOT sit in the front row... so buy your tickets early.  (Lesson learned on my part.)
5	Pretty much the best creation since sliced bread, or chocolate chip cookies.To say that this place is awesome is an understatement. It's love scene from Titanic awesome. It's like my living room, a movie theater, and a bar had an intimate evening and created some super baby known as the Galaxy Luxury Theater Green Valley. You get reclining seats, all of the delectable delicacies of any movie theater, as well as a bar that features beer and wine. Not to mention that the beer is brewed fresh right next door at Barley's. They have an awesome DFX theater that features a floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall screen. Just make sure you're in the back half of the theater, any closer is too close. The price? Same as any other theater. Seriously, right? Make sure to book online because it gets busy - especially for opening weekend movies. Booking online costs $1 extra per ticket, but in my opinion that's worth it to lock in your seats in advance. Thanks for putting every previous movie experience to shame Galaxy.
5	By far the best theatre I've been to! Reclining seats, reserved seating, beer, wine, enormous screen all at the same price as a regular theatre. I downloaded the Galaxy Theatres app, and I'm glad I did because I can purchase tickets way in advance right off my phone. I highly recommend not seating too close to the front.  There is a parking garage by the theatre which is less than a minute walk.  FYI:  You must sign-up online for their rewards program.
5	This theater has ruined all other theaters for me. I refuse to go anywhere else.
5	So this place redefines the moviegoing experience for me. It was nice to reserve specific seats in advance, like concert tickets. The seats are a BIG kicker: spacious, comfortable, reclining with footrests, and lots of walking room (no more making people stand up just to get by)... If you're not careful, you could easily fall asleep in them. Because of the larger seats, the theaters don't hold many people - this could present problems for large crowds on opening nights. Oh well... Ticket prices are great for what you get. They're actually the most affordable I've seen ($11 for adults) considering what you get for it.Restrooms could be a bit cleaner.I hope they open a location in Las Vegas proper *nudge, nudge*
5	Good times at Galaxy!! I'm usually not a fan of theaters because I'm misophonic and can't stand the noises =/  However, when I went, I sat next to a few of my buddies who didn't opt to drink or eat and we had the whole row to ourselves.  So, I definitely enjoyed it.  The seats were awesome as they were all reclining seats!!  I couldn't find the button to recline at first but once I did, I was watching in comfort just like I was at home.  Plus, they serve beer and wine here alongside the usual movie grubs.. very pricey but, hey, it's there if you want it.  Definitely considering coming back from time to time. Best theaters in Vegas by far.
5	All other movie theaters have now been ruined for me! And here is why:Recliners for seats. Not just any kind, but good, solid leather recliners.Reasonable prices. For a luxury theater you expect to pay more, but when it is only about $1.50 more than anywhere else it is worth the investment!They serve beer and wine and gourmet sausages. The wine selection was decent and they gave great pours.Great options of films to see, with a large screen to fit the space.What to know:Reserve ahead of time. We made reservations the day before and almost didn't get a seat.Come early because concession lines are long.Be friendly to the people working there because dealing with people all day gets old and sometimes a friendly gesture goes a long way.
5	I've heard so many wonderful things about this place so I was definitely excited to visit this new theaters.  We were doing a team building event today and decided to watch the new movie, The Internship, with Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson.  The staff were really nice and really believed in their product.  Heck, I know why!  This place is beautiful!  When you get in, there's a huge lobby area with a long order counter.  What sets this place apart from other theaters is that they serve alcohol!  YES!!!!!  Beer, bottled and on tap, as well as wine.  It was awesome!!  You are given assigned seating in the theaters.  In the actual theater, you are treated to HUGE recliner chairs.  So comfortable and the reclining option is machine automated, not manual.  So awesome!  You can literally lay down and watch your movie.  This place is definitely changing the overall movie experience.  It's super inviting and spacious, making you want to come back for more. I don't know about you, but I'm for sure coming back.  AWESOME!!!
5	Nothing like enjoying my favorite way to beat the Vegas heat in comfortable seats. Reseeded my seats online last night so need to worry about where to sit. Comfortable leather reclining seats that allow you to be as vertical as you want. Your own personal tray that swivels right next to you with holders for your adult or conventional beverages. I'm hooked and don't think I can ever sit in the older style seating again.
5	When I lived in Atlanta, we had Buckhead Backlot now known as AMC Fork & Screen :http://tinyurl.com/mctbqsx . I spent many weekends lounging at the theater with a pitcher of beer and a meal. So when I heard about this place, I was like, "FINALLY Vegas is catching up." It isn't the closest movie theater to me but after my 1st experience it was easily determined that this place is worth the drive.My husband and I went on a whim on memorial day weekend, and even though we were there an hour before showtime, the only seats left were wayyyyy up front. We then learned about picking seats online so we wised up when we came back two days later. Matinee pricing is similar to "ordinary" theaters so that was a big plus. They could easily upcharge the price for being a "luxury" theater but they don't and that's awesome.My husband is 6'3 - he's a big guy - so for him to say he was super comfortable in the big red recliners is a big win for this us. Each seat has their own armrest and cupholders with LOTS and LOTS of leg room. The theaters are smaller than an "ordinary" theater which makes finding ideal seating the day of a movie slim pickings. When we went last weekend, we came with another couple and we had ordered the tickets 4 days in advance. So I would highly recommend ordering tickets way in advance for parties of 4 or more. Especially if the movie is new.I have yet to partake in their popcorn or the gourmet hot dogs that they serve, but I did enjoy a glass of wine. They offer single or double options. The cheapest white wine they had was a dessert wine for $7. The single portion was just the perfect amount to sip on throughout the movie.The staff is friendly and helpful, plus the theater was definitely clean.I would definitely recommend this theater for every first date in the Las Vegas area and anyone looking for a home-y feel to their movie-going experience.
4	I love this place! I have a problem with their crappy customer service via their website and how they don't allow long ranting complaints (which I have, but will set aide). They have a text limit, so when I wrote my awesome e-mail from my phone to send, at the end, it said their website couldn't process my complaint at the time... I tried from my computer writing a new e-mail (since the other one was erased), but that one wouldn't submit either. Then I sent a 1 word e-mail. Hey! That went through! Apparently, they want to hear your comments, just not long ones. My friend also wrote an e-mail stating that she wanted to set up a PARTY to come to this theater. No reply. I'd say they should improve that. Moving on to the awesomeness.FULL sized reclining chairs. They are comfy and lush, and actually served as a nice nap area when Epic (Disney's attempt at making an epic movie) got boring. I love their reserved seating option (which doesn't work on the mobile version, so make sure to click on full site, or book from a computer). The people who work here seem to really like their job and I like the usher that tells jokes while we're waiting for the previews. Ticket prices are the same if not lower than others. I took my kids here and they were in love. Now when I'm sitting at another movie theater, I just wish I could be reclining instead. I am definitely a fan, even after I let them eat up $30 for Ironman 3D on top of my other Ironman movie tickets (I paid a total of $54 to watch Ironman 3. It wasn't worth it). Come! Reserve your seats so it doesn't matter if you're late. Bring a blankie. Enjoy!
5	All theaters need to be like this one!!! The super-comfy chairs recline almost all the way, and you can drink wine while you watch! The only thing that could make this better would be if you could order delicious food during the movie (owners take note? jk). Seriously though, I live all the way on the other side of town, but still see this as becoming a regular theater for us because it is just so much more comfortable than the other theaters in town.Tip to know: Definitely book tickets in advance because seats are assigned ahead of time. We were novices, so we showed up a little before showtime for tickets and the only seats left were close to the very front. We opted to go to a long dinner and see a later show with better seats - great decision because we checked out the seats we would have had and they were terrible. I'm not even sure why the theater bothered putting seats down in front - avoid the first four or five rows.
5	This was THE greatest movie theater experience I have ever had!  When it comes to the quality of a movie theater, the ones I remember most are bad like broken seats, gum in the wrong place and subway cars running underneath the theater.  I've also had some very interesting stories regarding other patrons but that's a whole other thing.  This had none of that!  The fact that even when you're fully reclined in your cushy seat and people can still walk by you in the aisle with not even a brush by (unless you're Yao Ming) says volumes for this establishment.  I only wish the bar line wasn't as long before the movie started.  Maybe they should consider a stadium type concession person selling stuff in the theater.  We picked seats online in the last row and they were great.  Some people tell me the 4th row is the money spot.  I might consider wearing pajamas and a snuggy the next time :)
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about this place, it is GREAT!! In the last month I have watched two movies here (Star Trek Into Darkness & Man of Steel) and I don't plan on visiting another theater again! It is THAT good. As for seat selection, my first movie we sat in the third row. I was kinda hesitant and was worried it would be TOO close, it wasn't. That being said, I would not recommend anything closer than the third row. It was good, but anything closer and you are gonna need a neck message next morning. Any seats above the third row are great seats.
5	Ok, so we have been back many many times and we are never disappointed in the theatre... (Can't always say that about the other patrons, but c'est la vie!)  This update is about buying the tickets online ahead of time.  When it is just my DH and I, no worries...  But when others wanna tag along I get a little nervous about laying my $$ and then they flake.  And it happened...  a somewhat good excuse (out of towner still in bed = too much Vegas) but regardless, it is my $$!!  I asked at the booth about a refund and they said 'No Problem' as long as the movie has not started you get a full refund.  I was shocked and agog!  Another reason I will keep telling others to give them a try.
4	AMAZING SEATS.  nuff-said.(leather reclining, and can pre-choose seats)Would like if they showed you on the website which seats are on the lower level vs the higher level.  Location is meh.
4	Love it, but make sure you plan ahead...buying tickets in advance is a must!
5	Every movie theater should be like this. Very cozy. Best theater experience I ever had. Will be returning to this theater even if it is a 45 min drive.
1	So I need some time to clear my head and relax. I've recommended this place to many people. I have a sick relative in the hospital and I was just watching my phone to see if i had any texts or notifications. Not one text or call was made and next thing I know I'm being escorted out the theatre. REALLY? No questions, Nothing! This was ridiculous. Shame on you guys! You ruined my night. I hate it when people use their phones at the movies & this definitely was not the case. I spent more money on my drinks and popcorn and food.  All for it to goto waste. I understand they have a strict phone policy but this was definitely freaked up.
5	During some home-cooked dinner, my boyfriend suddenly blurted out, "I really want to see the Hangover III!" I pulled out my phone, found the 8 pm showing at Town Center, and we were off - that is, until we were just about to exit the freeway. He somehow thought it would be a great time to change his mind! And so right as we turned, he says, "Actually, I want to see the Superman movie instead."Really? Now I'd like you to know, I should have seen this coming. A quick peek at the website showed a lot of time between then and the next show - unless we went to the theater I've been dying to go to. I figured it was the perfect moment to surprise him, and told him to hand over his credit card (no, I normally don't do that... just in case you were wondering). Some rapid-fire typing on a tiny touchscreen later, and I had scored the last two seats for the 8:45 showing of Man of Steel at Galaxy theaters. Score one for the tech-savvy!He's never heard of this particular theater, but I being the Yelper that I am, had heard great things. I was certainly not disappointed! All I had to do was show the email receipt at the front. We picked up our tickets quickly, the popcorn lines were short, they had beer on tap, and garlic parmesan seasoning  - all shocking discoveries to him. He was impressed when he saw the inside of the theater and how cozy it is... but even more so when I showed him each seat reclined into a bed position. Oh yes, this was the life. Everyone working there was quick and courteous - we are definitely coming back here ASAP!
1	I just had a crazy experience at galaxy theater. I had pre purchased tickets to take my family to a movie on Friday. That morning, I had dropped a chair on my foot while cleaning and ended up in the ER with a broken foot on crutches. Luckily, I got out of the ER in time to still make it across town to the Galaxy Theater Green Valley for a family movie day. Trying to walk on the crutches I left my purse in the car and grabbed my phone because that's where the tickets were. So, I had no purse, however, my phone was silenced. When my phone lit up half way through the movie, I went to turn my phone off after realizing it was still on and a worker came up from behind my chair and threw me out of the theater. No warning. My initial reaction was apologetic and shocked. He told me I needed to "Get out of my seat NOW and exit the the theater". I told him to go get me a manager so I could explain my situation and he told me "No and to get up and get out". Again, I showed him my casted foot and crutches and he did not care. I was watching Monsters U with my kids and husband and if my husband was not there they were also going to throw my 5 and 7 year old out too. I totally appreciate their zero cell phone policy but was unaware of it. (I entered the theater on the side where there just happens to be no poster stating their policy and because we came straight from the hospital we missed the previews. We walked in minutes after the movie had started). I was not talking, texting, nor playing games on my phone. I was not being rude or disrespectful to the audience around me. When I told the worker I would not get up without speaking to a manager first, he then got IN my face and spoke to me very aggressively. He would not even let me back in to retrieve the $40 worth of concessions I had purchased or sit with my young children. Just threw me out without refunding my money or allowing me to retrieve my concessions. I was humiliated, mortified, treated like a criminal and without any compassion. They told me I could stand in the lobby and wait for my children and husband to come out of the movie. I told them it was unrealistic that I stand on a broken foot on crutches for an hour. Which then they told me there was a bench outside. AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL!!! I would hope you will find this as appalling and embarrassing as I do and will do the right thing and refund my money. Completely dissatisfied customerSent from my iPhone
5	Amazing seats. I never want to see a movie any other way!
1	Never again!  During the previews for Monsters University, my daughter's silenced phone lit up in her lap as she was getting settled in, and before she could put it away the usher came over and told her she had to leave. She told the usher she would put it away but she did not give her a chance to put it away and ejected her from the theater. The man sitting next to her also was ejected for the same thing. I couldn't care less about the refund, if Galaxy allows their ushers to be that rude without reminding customers of their cell phone policy (which I agree with) and giving them a chance to put their phones (silenced by the way) away, they can wave goodbye to all the money from our family and friends they would have gotten regularly from us.
5	What can I possibly say on this review that wasn't already said? Galaxy Theatres Green Valley has to be THE BEST movie theater out here.  Has to be the best movie theater forever, forever, forever, ever, forever, ever?Comfortable, Plush, and Reclining seats.  It's almost like watching a movie at home minus the reclining seat, the popcorn, and surround sound. Okay, my home is nowhere close to this experience.  But you get my drift.  Galaxy Green Valley Rocks!!  Couple of other bonus points;-Swivel tables on every lounge chair.  Sure beats having to put your food the on the floor like the movie houses. -They serve beer and wine.  I don't drink, but the option is out there for you.  Just get in the correct line to the far left if you plan on getting an adult refreshment. -Price:  I admit, I have yet to pay for a movie here (Thanks to the GF).  But I will eventually and the prices are comparable to the other theaters out there.  All this luxury and they didn't even jack up the prices.  -Food:  The food here is fairly cheap for movie theater food.  Keep in mind, I usually watch movies when I'm in SoCal.  A movie for two can easily set you back $40.  Not here.  -Assigned seating:  Buy your tickets and your seats are reserved.  No more leaving your jacket, purse, blow up doll, or whatever you use to use to save seats.  All seats are reserved so there's no mad rush to get your spot. -Spacious Seating:  You get plenty of space in front of you and behind you.  You even have space to the right and left of you.  Galaxy in Green Valley has stepped it up and I wish more theaters would follow suit.  I know where I'm bringing the teen for daddy and daughter day soon.PS: Watch out for the phone police. Pick up your phone during the show and I hear they kick you out. Silence is golden.
5	Best movie theater I have ever been to in my life.  I really don't care much for movies because of the cramped environment but this place solves that problem.  Huge reclining seats and a swing out table for your BEER!  Yes they serve drinks.  OH SNAP!  I would watch a movie at this place and have a good time even if the movie sucked!  For 11 bucks you can't possibly go wrong!  Do it, automatic!
5	OMG words cant describe how obsessed i am with this place. i can never go to a "normal" theater again. huge leather recliners and your able to bring your own booze? yes please! the recliners are so large my bf and i even shared one to cuddle up. I used to come to this theater as a kid and wow has it improved. I think this is a concept that will catch on fast and major kudos to thinking of it first!
5	Wow, the seats are amazing.  They are very comfortable and I am 6'6" tall and I do not have to move when I have my legs up; people can still walk by.Great selection of beer on draft too.Way cool place to see a movie.  It's a cross between a movie theater and my impression of a movie rooms on MTV Cribs.
3	Make sure you don't sit in the front.  You'll hate your movie experience.  The picture I posted was from my seat and I had to pan my head to just see what was going on over there.
5	What's not to like about this place? The seats are spacious and comfortable and perfect for sleeping in if you happen to get dragged to one of those chick flicks or children's movies that are not really holding your interest. Best of all for only $1 extra you can book online and reserve your seat which means that you don't have to get to the theatre ridiculously early to get a decent seat. Oh did I mention that you can also purchase beer and wine at the concession stand and bring it into the movie with you? And to top it off they have a zero tolerance policy for those idiots who still think it is OK to text and talk on their cell phones during a movie. They throw those people out of the movie with NO refund. After going here I can't go back anywhere else.
1	It's a good concept but they don't know how to run it. They had me pick my seat before hand . Then when I got inside . Someone was in my seat. The usher told me to wait and just left . So I had to sit somewhere else . Then someone got mad that I was in their seat...  Then the fire alarm went off. The movie stopped and they said we could get concessions .. Definitely not pleased. I wanted a refund and they didnt Give Me one. My movie was ruined . Even though you're going for the seats and alcohol. For me , it doesn't overrule good customer service . Never again. I'll just go back to sams town where it's clean. Friendly and the management is ran well
5	If you can get there early enough to get something other than front row seats, this is the theatre to go to!Plush, reclining, red leather chairs with swivel trays and cup holders await you for your movie going experience.If beer and wine are what your thirst buds desire, they have that too! Prices are very reasonable, given the amenities, very worth the price.
5	This theater is absolutely the best.  I have severe back problems and had given up going to the movies.  I received a gift card for this theater and had been told about the reclining seating so I thought I would give it a try.  Wow...it was amazing.  Large leather reclining seats are the way to see a movie.  When the movie was over I was able to get up and walk out of the theater without help.  This is now the only theater I go to.  I also really appreciate their no tolerance policy regarding cell phones.  You definitely need to try this theater out.
5	I never want to see a movie anywhere else as long as I live. No use reposting about the chairs and tables, etc. DFX screen and sound were AMAZING. I really hope they're making money and stay in business!!  I would like to see a bigger food selection and maybe a BYOB bottle of wine option with an uncorking fee, since there's isn't great.  But I will be back, and often!
4	This is an easy one,Big Bang for the buck here. Adult tkts are 11$. After booking it on their website (bypassing fandango) where you can also choose your seats. It pings your email with your digital tkt which is scanned at the front glass by an ever helpful and courteous attendant. Now your in and free to play a modern video game (we like to race cars) if there's time. Aside from the normal theatre goodies at the snack bar, if your a drinker you can belly up to the beer and wine bar. Sometimes we do, sometimes we don't. The wine selection is mediocre at best but who cares. Bottles are 40$ and glasses come in increments of 5, 10, and 20$. From what I've seen, get there early for the spirits as the line can be up to a 20 min wait. All seats are recliners, and I mean fully electric lazy boy style. Set you comfort level, place your goodies on the swivel table between them and settle in. The armrests aren't shared for maximum isolation while still close enough for hand holding. The screens and sound are state of the art and top notch. In fact so much so that for those of us who like to sit close at normal theaters, I recommend center rows on the upper level as the screen is so wide you literally need to move your head like a tennis match if you're to close.  This is usually not a last minute movie destination as seating is limited for obvious reasons. Plan ahead several hours to acquire choice spots. One can only hope they sanitize the recliners more than once a week. We usually bring a couple Clorox wipes in a plastic bag. Yup, OCD. Enjoy this unique film experience.
4	This is a really nice theatre. I like that you can choose your seats when you buy your tickets online beforehand, so you know where you'll be sitting and you'll have a seat with your party. The seats also recline and have foot rests, as well as trays for food. It was really comfortable watching a movie there. It was very clean, as well - no sticky floors or trash leftover from the previous showing. My only suggestion would be to illuminate the walkways and seat numbers, at least until the movie starts, so that you can see where you're going. I had to use the flashlight on my cell phone to find my seat. Other than that I was very happy with the experience and I'd definitely go back!
4	Why-oh-why does this place have to be sooooo far from me!Heard/saw all the hub-bub about this place through many friends and on Instagram.It's located on the Eastside, which is completely faaaaaaaaaaar away from me. I mean, I had to go onto the 95 to get there.....for the record, I never go on the 95. The BF bought tickets online, which is waaaay cool cause you don't have to worry about being early enough to get good seats. We wound up leaving lunch at Thelma's 5 minutes before movie.They have typical movie fare of popcorn, nachos, and ice BUT, also, had beer, wine, and premium hotdogs. The seats are incredibly comfy and are lazyboy recliners. Despite watching Fast 6 (with all its action), I still fell asleep bcuz the seats are so comfs and I was tired from clubbing the night before.With that being said ---- watch a movie when you're not tired or you could sleep thru the whole thing.
5	The best movie theater in Vegas. It is worth the drive.My fiance and I used to go to Town Square, or the Regal on Eastern... no more!The loveseats here are RIDICULOUS!And the movie tickets being priced the same as any other theater there is no reason to go anywhere else!Buy tickets online and reserve the seats you want so there's no surprises when you get there.They also have a member's club.. spend $50 (2-3 visits) and get $5 off.
5	This theater is absolutely outstanding. I would say one of the best theaters in all of Las Vegas. I love big comfortable reclining chairs. And their popcorn is probably one of the best around. The atmosphere is nice. And the fact the kick you out if you're on your cell phone with no return is a reason why I will be coming back to the theater.
4	My husband and I have gone to three movies here and so far we are spoiled with this place! We love the seats and it is great that the ticket prices are the same if we were to go to Regal Cinemas. A matinee price is about the same price as everywhere else. It is nice to request our seats when we purchase our tickets online at home ahead of time so we have no hassle on finding a seat when we get there. The seats recline comfortably and it is nice to have the option to order a beer or glass of moscato while viewing a movie too.
5	Loved how this new company took over the old Theater!! To me it still looks the same as buy the tickets outside and then go in to the concession stand. But, when you get your tickets from the box office they show you a screen and you pick your seats!!! We got adult matinee $8.50. Then you go in and they have Alcoholic beverages to the right and the normal popcorn etc on the left.  We got a large popcorn and large drink $13.50.When you go into the theater OMG.. the seats are amazing. Recliners with using a push button gets you all cozy and a little table for your snacks. The movie screen is huge!! Very clean inside and the Women's bathroom was too!!They have a Galaxy rewards card that you sign up online and pick you card up at the box office and you gain points with each use and get free things and its free to sign up. Very similar to the Regal Cinema card.Loved this experience and we will be back.
5	Took planning to get the tickets. But now I see why it's always packed!!! It's the same price as other theaters and you get a leather recliner!!! It's truly the way to see a movie!!!! Will definitely be back! Loved it!
4	Hubby loves this theatre.  I have to admit for a matinee of $8.50 a ticket its much better for what you get compared to other movie theatres in the area.  Especailly since they have awesome reclining seat to watch the movie in. Also they are assigned seat so make sure you get there early if its a new movie and you are a big group. Since this theatre is not close to our house I'm not sure how often we will be returing but if we are in the area and wanting to see a movie we will be going here.
5	YOU CAN'T GET ANY BETTER THAN RECLINING SEATS, WOOT! Get on this wagon because their prices are standard so it's not like it's any more expensive than other theaters. The only con for me was their location so here's to hoping they'll open one on the southwest side of town.You can get the usual concession stuff at the typical pricey prices and they've also got a membership card so you can get points/rewards for prizes and such.Not all of the theaters are reclining but if you wanna enjoy your movie, get your butt here, sit back, relax, and drink away. ;)
5	movies + recliners + beer + popcorn = awesome. I can't go see a movie anywhere else after watching a movie here. PLUS it's only 11 bucks for a ticket. Perfect date night spot.
3	For the positives, it's the most comfortable way to watch a movie and the reclining seats are awesome. I really wish this theater was in a better part of town like Summerlin, Seven Hills or Town Square. The negative is the theater was not very clean. The carpets are stained and it looked like the cleaning people took the day off. The price of the movie is nearly the same as other theaters, but I wish they would charge more and use the $$ for more janitors.
5	Yes! Finally a theater with reclining chairs. Plenty of foot room and the rows are spaced generously.The best part for me is being able to purchase, choose and reserve your seat in advance! No more waiting in line for your favorite seats. Woohoo! Visit their website & check it out.
5	I love this place solely for their zero tolerance policy: you talk, text, or check your phone and you are kicked out- no refunds! That's amazing! Nothing more annoying that someone lighting up their cell phone screen in a dark movie theater. But seriously, this was the best movie theater going experience I've ever had! I would recommend showing up a little early if you want beer/wine cause that line can get a little long for the evening shows. They offer a variety of food- sausages, brats, pizza, and your normal concession stand fare. The sausages are average- and overpriced. But when you're hungry, you really have no other choice. Whoever thought of this concept is a complete genius! I won't be able to watch another movie in a regular theater ever again.
5	What an awesome theater. It has the plushes seats I've ever sat in.
4	It's the best. My wife and I go at least twice a month.  No line.  Walk in get some snacks, sit back relax and enjoy a great movie. Not to mention a great massage at 99 next door is very inexpensive and the best  in town for the price.   Casino massage does not come close for the price and service.
5	Awesome awesome awesome!!! Finally a place with reclining lazy-boy seats! Thank you!!! Even the nachos are better than anywhere else, they have alcohol, everything is great at this place! I will be back asap.
5	Galaxy theaters was awesome. I have seen three movies there and it was a great experience each time. You get to choose you seats and there is a full bar by the snacks. The seats are so comfortable and they also recline. I love seeing movies there and haven't been to another movie theater since.  I can't wait to go back and see another movie at Galaxy. I also like how they make sure people aren't on their phones during the movies so people aren't getting mad at each other and can enjoy the movie a lot more. This theater is great and I think it is the best one in Vegas
5	Great place to see long movies or any movie. They have reclining comfy seats with your own arm rest & drink holder. They also offer reserved seating which is awesome because you can be running a little late to the movie and still have the seat you want, every theatre should offer this option. They also serve alcohol if you like to drink. This is a great movie theatre. Amc, Regal and Loews should all follow Galaxy's lead.
4	Hendo? OH NO! I hate driving to Henderson, its just not my thing! BUT I will do ANYTHING for my little boy! I went online and reserved 2 excellent seats for Despicable Me 2 in 3d, I was sooo excited, price is decent, I paid 25$ for 2 seats in 3d. Our day to go to the movies came and OF COURSE I was late. I know online it states you are able to cancel the show tickets up to 1 hour before the show. To be on the safe side I went ahead and tried to cancel online... NOPE. You cant do that. I looked for a number and called, NOPE, NO HUMANS THERE! So I FINALLY found an "emergency" number and called. I spoke to a young man and explained my dilemma; he stated we can cancel with no problems, I just needed to come down to the theater to do so.... HMMM. Sorry I told the man, I live in Summerlin and there is no way I will make it down there, hence why I was cancelling. He stated he can take my info and forward it to the manager to see if they can. I waited about 45 minutes and decided I better go because I was not going to lose out on my money. As I was leaving a very nice manager, who's name I forgot, called me and assisted me. She was oh sooooooo sweet and stated they normally do not cancel over the phone, but will do it as a one time thing. I was soooo happy, I didn't cancel but changed the day.We arrived on time to our show the  day we were now assigned and my son was instantly in love with the theater. Ultra luxury power reclining seats and neat little movie trays! I was also very pleased with the 3d glasses. My son and I both wear Rx glasses and they fit over them perfectly!We had a great time in this extremely clean and plush theater and will definitely make the trek out there again... someday! LOL!OPEN ONE UP IN SUMMERLIN PLEASE!!!!-1 star bc you cant cancel your tickets online, yet pay the extra dollar to reserve them on there!
5	I would come here just to nap in the chairs, they are that comfy. The theater is awesome! the chairs are comfy and the movies are great.
4	This should be the movie going experience everywhere! I love buying my tickets ahead of time anyways, but getting to choose where you're going to sit? Awesome! Being able to actually lean back because your chair is a recliner? Amazing! & if you wanted beer/wine/food other than popcorn & nachos? Very cool. I REALLLLLY like their rule for no talking, texting, checking your phone or they will kick you out & you don't get a refund. Umm, that is amazingly awesome! I am definitely a fan! The ONLY thing I did not like was the location. It was a little further than I wanted to drive, but I think it's logical that since this theater is on the East side, we should get one on the West side of town.. right?! :)
4	This theatre has me SPOILED ROTTEN! Reclining Leather seats, tray tables? all I need now is a pillow and a chippendale to serve me my drinks (haha...jk!). But Honestly, this place has me spoiled. Very spacious, love the seats and I like pick where I want to sit!!!My fave guy Loves the that he can have a glass of wine while watching a movie and I dont have to fight him for an arm rest.the sausage sanwiches are good. the one I'm a bit cautious on is the one with marshmallow fluff. The cashier said its a "college thing". meh...I'll pass.Anywho, after going to this theatre all theatres are not the sameThe only negative with this place, they have x movies showing at the same time, ie different formats. 3d etc. not much variety.
4	We love this place, sooo comfortable. Other than needing to clean up their lobby and get the concession crew up to speed, I cant complain about this place at all.
5	So finally went too see a movie at the one and only place that people CAN'T stop raving about! Not sure if can add more too the topics that everyone else has thoroughly covered front, back, and another Galaxy far far away..........It just pretty neat too think someone came up with such concept not so much serving alcohol but the reclining chairs, bigger screen, swivel tables, buying the EXACT seat you want online (not that anything or everything else just do at the touch of keyboard),  and no rush too get movie or beat the crowd. Kind of wish that the place not on the opposite side of town. Sure for this one of kind experience not long drive not worth the  time and effort. I thinking that since they serve alcohol might lead too rowdy crowds or rude movie goers. I know misconception but alcohol and movie depending on movie might not be the best idea. I never felt the vibe at all the whole movie or just the whole time. Since stadium seating crazy too think full reclining back you still have the perfect view nothing blocking your view. The sound system is pretty amazing! I could literally feel the surround sound (the seat shaking). The chairs so soft and comfortable easily fall asleep in them not realize missed the whole movie. Everyone of the workers are friendly. Since newer nice have that nice new clean smell nothing worn down. Parking there more then ample parking in front of the building. The food not sure because arrived late so never had time too check it out. I would assume the food would be the same. Hell since nothing normal about Galaxy not surprise me if they sell gourmet hot dogs. Lol! In essence that and every other not norm  theatre makes coming too Galaxy one of kind experience. It one that think everyone should try least once. I know without doubt will be coming back.
5	What more could you ask of a movie theatre? The seats recline, they sell beer and wine and you can choose your seats ahead of time. These three things alone have made this new theatre the clear choice for the best place to catch a movie in Vegas. During the summer months, air conditioning is the only thing I look for in a movie theatre. Due to my experience at the Galaxy, I have had to raise my expectations of what I look for when going to the movies.Not only will I go return to the Galaxy, I will tell all of my friends about this place. If that isn't the mark of a quality establishment, I don't know what is.
5	Love this place. The plush seating and big trays. This is what a theater should always be. I just wish the date I went with was much better. lol.
5	You can order wine and relax in a recliner while you watch your movie! This theater costs the same as others (cheaper than some), but you get a spacious recliner, they sell wine, beer, etc., and they have assigned seating which is awesome (you can order in advance and pick you seat)! The only bad thing is like most movie theaters the concession stand is a bit pricey...but hey have to find a way to pay for those nice recliners somehow right and it is not through their affordable ticket prices?
2	LOVE the theater HATE the system to buy tix and seats!  Have tried for 2 days to purchase the tickets and FINALLY after 6 attempts today was able to get ok seats (not the ones I have been trying for since Friday).  Might be best to start beginning of week to get the seats you really want because it might take that long to get system to work,
5	I don't enjoy regular movie theaters after reclining in their awesome seats! I love that they brought this movie theater to that shopping center. Hopefully it will attract other new businesses. I love their no cell phone policy and how everyone working there is dressed up/acts more professionally than most movie theaters. Check it out when you get a chance!
4	Great theatre.  The only problem was I ordered the tickets about 6 hours prior.  Got there to pick up the tickets only to find out we were in row A which really sucked balls! It was too late to change the seats because they were sold out.   I'll never understand why these theatres insist on making a row of seats where you sit 5 feet away from a 30 plus foot screen looking straight up.  It's ridiculous!  also get there about a half hour early to get drinks and popcorn which is 2 separate lines if you want a alcohol. If you get to pick your seats, make sure to get at least row E or higher.
4	I'm that person who would rather forgo a prime time seat with ultimate surround sound and sit in the top corner if it means I can prop my feet up on the seat ahead. So when I heard about a theater that had reclining seats for pretty much the same price as going to a regular theater, it didn't take much to have me sold. Getting to pick my own seat while buying my ticket online so I can skip the line at the box office? Hmm, really making it too easy there. And just like you get to spin class early to adjust your bike, you should also arrive early enough to adjust your seat. I mean, you wouldn't want to be that idiot that interrupts your stranger of a neighbor during the trailers to ask how to recline your seat just because you got there after it all went dark, do you? I'm not saying that I did that SPECIFICALLY or anything, but I may be saying that your neighbor may not appreciate this. My only gripe is how there seems to be a different line for every single item at the concession stand. Want a gourmet hot dog? Hop in line one. Popcorn and candy? There's a line for that too. Cold beverages? There IS a reason they say "Third time's a charm." Jesus, is this the movie theater or the DMV? Once you get all of your delectable swag, shimmy towards your theater so that you can do as Fat Joe says - "Lean back, lean back, lean back, LEAN BACK!"
5	I reviewed this movie theatre back in May, and I just wanted to give it another 5 stars. My boyfriend and I recently had to go to a regular movie theatre in a casino and it wasn't until then that we realized how spoiled we truly are. We used to go to casino theatres all the time, and now I can barely stand them. This place is the best place in Henderson.For the people complaining about the tickets, do me a favor and book a ticket a week in advance. You will be saving yourself the trouble and us the drama. I have never had any problem with this place at all, and honestly, I don't really see how you can.
5	What a fun experience. The seats are very comfortable and huge. Even when you are fully reclined, there is enough space for people to walk past you.  Every seat has a tray attached to a swing-arm and the tray itself was large enough to accommodate my nachos, popcorn and drink.  A few minutes prior to the start of our show, a theater attendant informed the audience that if anyone used their cell phone or distracted anyone during the movie, he would personally remove them from the theater.  What a concept! Show up a little early, so that you can enjoy your snacks, beverages and seat prior to the start of your show.
5	You select you seat from a seating chart, the ticket price is a bit high, for two aduts, $17, but with a nephew working AMC,(RAVE)  and getting free passes, we haven't paid full price in a while, so that maybe normal?They got lots of choices for drinks and snacks like pop corn and candy, but if you want wine or beer and sauage, they got that too!They have an attandent taking tickets so no way you could get lost, finding the assigned seat was easy, numbers on the chair and isles are lighted. They didn't have but a few trailers before the movie got started, last time we went movies, we must have seen twelve previews! Being able to put the seat back and legs up was great! Great theater, comfortable reclining seats, lots of room, and tray table for your food! Good way to watch a flick!
4	So dig this place, reclining chairs and tray tables makes for great experience, one problem though, If the movie sucks it could be easy to fall asleep.
5	I can never watch a movie outside of this place again.  Great seats and you can reserve them if you do it in advance on the internet.  $11 bucks get you the best seat in the house.  Bring a towelette to wipe down the head rest;)
5	New to Vegas area and went to movies. First I felt it was expensive but then I got to select my seats... That's familiar to Los Angeles arc light. Walk in and there's a wine bar style service! Cool! The refreshments were pretty expensive. But what made this a 5 star rating, besides the ZERO TOLERANCE for cell phone use. The seats! Amazing and fully worth it!
5	Wow!!!!! This theatre has spoiled me! I don't know if I can go to a regular theatre again! They have comfy recliners to watch the movie in. No stepping over people to get to your seat and they serve alcohol! What more can you ask for?
4	If you like lounging in leather recliners and drinking beer or wine while you watch movies, this is your spot. It's not even more expensive than a regular movie ticket, $11. You can recline all the way to laying down position, order hotdogs/brats at the concession stand....its cool. Try this place out, it may obsolete other theaters. Take a date, oh that reminds me, the only thing I didn't like was that you cannot separate the divider/armrest between two seats. So I couldn't grope my date the way I wanted ;). Go here.
5	Probably the most relaxing and best theater in town, why? Automatic recliner with access to alcohol while watching you favorite movie. And also once you pay it will point you out to any chairs for reservation, how cool is that regardless of how late your are. This is my favorite theater!
5	Hands down the best theater in town.  Assigned seating, which means planning because the good seats fill up quickly.  I recommend buying your tickets online.  (Fingers crossed you don't end up next to people who are annoying during the movie).  The seats are amazing!  Leather, reclining, and large enough for most people with room to spare.  The theater is always clean.  The bathrooms are conveniently located to the theaters.  The concession stand has great options.  Alcohol is available.  The parking lot is small, so get there early!  Overall, prices are comparable to competitors that don't offer anything close to this theater.  A bonus is that there are plenty of restaurants in the same parking lot, so dinner and a movie is definitely doable.
5	Finally, a theater with comfortable chairs!!!!!!!!!  I couldn't be more excited to discover Galaxy Theatres at Green Valley.  I can't believe it took a theater so long to start doing this, but I guess that's what makes Galaxy such a gem!  I live nowhere near Galaxy, and it's completely out of the way to get to, but I drive all the way over there simply because of how comfortable it is, and how strict they are with the cell phone usage there.  I personally love to go to movies by myself and when there are loud people or people who text and make loud noises during the flick, it really ruins the experience for me.  Galaxy does it right with very strict reminders about how they will kick out movie goers who break the rules, and they will escort them out without a refund.  The first time I went to this theater I wasn't too sure I wanted to go back because a young guy who was very enthusiastic about his job took about 10 minutes to tell us about the rules.  He loves working there, and I think that's great, but I really just wanted to watch the movie and not listen to him blabber on about why Galaxy is the best theater.  I don't know why this employee started the movie this way that one time, but I have been a couple of times since and no other showing started this way.  Maybe they were testing to see if it was a better approach.  I'm glad they figured out that it was the opposite of awesome.  LOL.As I have become a frequent customer, I wanted to join the rewards program to start earning some free movie tickets and popcorn, etc.  I asked the guy at the ticket counter if I could enroll and how and he said that I could sign up online and if I brought my tickets back, he would load them on for points.  I thought that was nice.  We went inside and my daughter wanted to stop at the video games before the movie.  The guy from the ticket counter found me about 3 minutes later and told me that he could sign me up right there and that he found the iPad to do so!  He filled out all of the information for me and got me setup immediately with my card.  It was so awesome! I thought that was top notch service.  Way to go! I just love Galaxy.  I just wish there were more movies showing so I could go more often!
4	Holy relaxation! First time for everything; and I cannot imagine going anywhere else to see a movie. The fact that you choose where you sit is pretty neat. Last time I did that, I was in Korea. Before you go in the theater, you can purchase goodies, even wine and/or beer, at the counter. Then, each persons ticket is scanned upon entering by one of the super kind staff working. Then you're on your way to luxury. Don't worry about not being able to find your seat by tiny plaques on the seat. There's trays that stick out with your seat number. Once you find your seat, sit down, set your stuff down on the tray, and recline. How are you supposed to watch and eat your popcorn without having to get up each time to reach for the tray? Don't worry, the tray turns to you, so you don't need to get up. Suddenly, sitting up-right for 2.5 hours, with just a cup holder, doesn't cut it anymore. Sitting, or lying, in those comfy seats, snacking, and watching a movie is just like being at home. The only thing missing is my blankie.
5	I officially never want to go to any AMC, Regal, or  Cinemas theater ever again. Galaxy Theaters Green Valley was AMAZING. The prices are pretty reasonable ($11 each per adult + $2 service fee). I got the tickets online so you could reserve your seat in advance which I really liked. I found the actual theater to be really cold but the lazy boys here do not disappoint. It's almost not a good thing that we have this available to us cause I just wanted to fall asleep in the dark theater! It ran about $13.25 for a large soda and popcorn which didn't seem too bad. They have an awesome popcorn flavoring station where you can top it with various flavors (cheesy jalapeno, kettle corn, parm & garlic, caramel, etc.)I know we live in the 21st century so carrying our cell phones is a necessity, but Galaxy does NOT approve. When checking our tickets they give a verbal courtesy to please not use cell phones. At the time of the movie starting, the cell phone police/attendant tells you once again that you will get kicked out without a refund if you are caught using your cell phone. When the movie actually starts & prior to previews, there is ANOTHER notice that states talking, using your phone, or anything distracting will get you into trouble (kicked out and no refund)Overall, really fun date spot that I'll definitely come back to and recommend to anyone looking for a fun date night!
5	If a movie isn't playing here, I don't need to see it in the theater.  That's how good this was.  A lot of theaters pay lip service to no cell phones/distractions bla bla, this place actually delivers.  Ticket prices were way less than I expected, we paid $8.50 each for a matinee.  I mean it -- I'm not hitting up south point or rave for movies any more.  Why would I?!?
5	This theater IS amazing!  My family and I were visiting the Henderson area and stayed at a hotel near the theater.  We went to a matinee showing and it only cost $8 per person.  We were surprised when we purchased our tickets because the cashier asked us which seats we wanted.  This place has assigned seating so you know where you're sitting.  I think we were the only one's there, so we sat in the middle.  The seats were extra wide and comfy like your own lazy boy chair at home.  The seat reclined by the push of a button.  We wished we had such a theater near our own house!
5	I simply can't say enough good things about this theater. They are very clear about the no cell phone policy, so if you get kicked out, that's on you. I love the seats. I love the wine. I love the screens. I love that even when someone is right next to you they still feel far away. I love that people can't put their dirty shoes on the back of your chair. I love that the seats are vinyl or leather like so they can be wiped down although I'm sure they're not, but just the idea puts my mind at ease. I love that you pick your seats and the app makes it so easy.  I just love it love it love it.
5	I'm normally not a big fan of movie theaters. Many are over-priced and no theatre stands out from another. However that was before I went to the Galaxy theatre in Henderson. The first cool thing is assigned seats, so no more asking people in a row to scoot together so you can fit in. The best part is the reclining seats for sure. Being able to kick your feet up and lean back is amazing. It's better than being at home, and I was in the 3rd row! (Not many people's first pick)I think my ticket was around $11-13 on a Sunday night which is pretty comparable to normal theaters in the rest of the valley. Seriously this is worth the drive, I don't think I'll go I another theatre!
5	best movie theatre ever. enough said
5	My friend and I went yesterday to experience what we saw online. The theater seating is luxurious and comfortable. Living room comfort. Reserved seating, what a relief. Ample space for others to pass by without disrupting you. Finallllyyyyy. This theater did not disappoint. We don't want to go anyplace else! My friend drives from pert near Summerlin to enjoy it. Prices are reasonable, and the staff is courteous.
4	Wow. Love the amenities...set apart from any kind of movie theatre. The selection of wines and beers were great and serving sizes perfect.   I gave 4 stars only because the bratwurst was soso. Ill try the all beef hot dogs next time.   I went here for a kids bday party and it was fun.   If I lived close by, I wouldn't go anywhere else.
4	I've been here twice now. The moviegoing experience was great both times. My problem with the initial experience was with the lobby. The concession area was disorganized and slow, while the bathrooms were small and dirty.The bathrooms are still small, but they were clean this time (I suppose it helps that we were there right as they opened the doors). The concession signage has improved and it's now clearer where you line up for beer and wine only versus sausages, beer and wine. And I assume the other lines are for non-alcoholic purchases.The bottom line is that this is easily the most comfortable venue for catching the latest flicks. Their pricing is surprisingly competitive. If not for the drive, I'd choose this place every time.
5	Best theatre in Vegas!  Can't believe it took me so long to come here.  The only luxury theatre that I know of in Vegas and it sells alcohol for a very reasonable price. I would recommend this place to every local. You'll never go back to town square to watch a movie.
5	I can't even talk about the joy I felt walking into the movie theatre and buying a beer.  It was like Christmas morning, when you know that your parents don't have a lot of money, but somehow the entire Toys R Us catalog winds up under your tree anyway.  Yeah, that.Assigned seats, recliners, gourmet sausage sandwiches, and a relaxed and quiet atmosphere.  Yes, they stress the whole 'shut your effing cell phone OFF' but for real, did you come to see a movie or tweet your facebook instagrams? Exactly.  Poor Regal.  He's the last one picked for kickball this time.
5	By far my most favorite theater I have ever been to. It's was great enjoying a movie having some popcorn and drinking some beer, what a wonferful combination!The seat were unbelievably comfortable, its more comfy watching a movie here then it is at home. I think I may even have to find movie I wouldn't normally watch just to come relax here.Great job Galaxy Theater!!!
4	All I can say is WOW! I can't believe this is the first theater in Las Vegas that has recliners! This was such a great idea. I like how you can go online to reserve your seats ahead of time, so you are not in a rush to get to the theater super early just to get good seats. Everyone should try this theater at least once!
5	ok coolest theater ever.you can buy alcoholic drinks (i had a glass of wine) and sit in reclining chairs which have an attached rotating table to place everything on.
5	This theater is awesome!!! Great screens, great seats, GREAT service. Highly recommended! I go here almost every week to see a movie!The seats are extremely comfortable recliners and there is so much room if someone needs to get up and go out of the theater that there is absolutely no movement required on your part, even with the recliner in its full lounged position. Due to the design of the theater, you will never have anyone in the front blocking your vision. Also, you can reserve your seats online before you get there which is so sweet. Their wine selection is very good and service is fast and efficient. Best theater in Vegas!
5	If you want an awesome movie going experience I would definitely check this place out.  Not only do they have personal reclining seats but they also serve excellent food and alcoholic beverages, aside from the usual. Try to arrive early and buy tickets or get them online because they tend to be sold out fast, and no one wants to sit directly in front. Overall if you want to have a good date night out and be relaxed and comfortable I highly recommend this theatre.
5	I can never go to another theatre again after I come here. It's how seeing a movie should always be! The thing I love the most is that the tickets are the same price as anywhere else in town so that's really a plus. I can't even explain how comfortable the chairs are. It's how seeing a movie always should be
5	Wait wait, let me get this straight: there's a movie theater with huge reclining chairs, assigned seating, no children, and booze!? I feel like that one sentence precludes the need for a long review of any type. Seriously. Huge reclining chairs, assigned seating, no children, and booze. Read that back to yourself as many times as you need to so it sinks in for real.Oh yeah, and they have employees come in and tell you before the movie starts that they're watching the crows for cell phones. Anybody on a cell phone gets kicked out. I live on the other end of town and this is the only movie theater I choose to go to anymore.
5	I love love love love coming here! The seats are awesome,and so comfortable. I can get an adult beverage while I watch my movie, and the staff is always pretty pleasant. The only thing that sucks s when you don't buy your tickets online, you're almost never going to get two seats together on an opening weekend. BUT plan in advance and you shouldn't have too much of a problem. Thumbs up!
5	Love coming here! Comfortable recliner chairs. It's like watching a movie at home in your recliner with some serious surround sound.
5	I finally visited this cinema way down in Henderson and made sure to leave my cell phone in the car so I wouldn't accidentally turn it on! I was very much impressed from the beginning. There was a self pay kiosk that makes you reserve your own seat and lets you know what's vacant much like booking a plane ticket! My friends and I picked a vacant row in the middle toward the back on row Y. The seats were very comfortable! They were black leather lazy boys that reclined automatically with the push of a button and had a portable table with cupholder you can put your snacks and refreshment on. Even when you reclined your seat all the way and put your feet up, your feet don't obstruct the view of the screeen! As far as the other qualities of a standard theater, the sound was excellent, the screen was huge. Overall it wouldn't have mattered what movie was playing; I left the theater and my body felt very comfortable! I'll definitely come back here again and try the refreshments and maybe buy some alcohol they have available inside. I look forward to watching a 3-3 and a half hour movie on these lazy boys one day.
5	I normally hate going to the movies. Being a bigger girl and having back problems i'm always uncomfortable in a regular movie theater. I'm so happy they built this place! First off you get to pick which seats and row you want to sit in like a play or concert. The seats are not regular seats they are comfy recliners complete with food and drink trays. The seats go back all the way into a lay down position! After my husband figured out where the button to move the seat up and down was. Cause I kept bumping it with my hip and couldn't figure out what was happening, lol. I was very comfy and loved that I could adjust my seat threw out the movie. They also serve beer and wine. I did not get to try any this past time, but can't wait to in the future. Galaxy Theater has your normal food and drinks too. For high prices. If your planning on coming here on a date make sure you bring the bucks! For two large sodas and a large popcorn it was $18.75. I was excited that they had popcorn flavorings for free though! Nacho cheese popcorn yummy! You do get free refills on all large drinks and popcorn so that's a bit of a bonus.Love this place! Can't wait for another movie that I want to see so I have the excuse to come back! YAY Galaxy Theater you rock!
4	Before Galaxy Green Valley I would go to the movies maybe once a year.  Now I look for movies to go see and hate when a movie I want to see isn't playing there.  I love the assigned seating and the recliners are so comfy.   They are super strict on cell phones which is great.  I wish they would be a little more strict on people bringing their young children/babies to evening adult movies.  The concession stand lines get a little crazy and unorganized but it seems to be getting better.  I have noticed they run the movies on a pretty tight schedule.  Several times I have been in line waiting to get into a theater minutes before the movie is supposed to start.  There is assigned seating so its not a mad rush to get a seat but still they cut it a little close.  I know they call it a luxury theater, it is not comparable to the luxury theaters in LA but its way better then any other theater in Las Vegas.  Prices are the same as other theaters and you get a much better experience for your money.
5	Short and simple: this theater has RUINED me from seeing a movie anywhere else. I love you Galaxy Theater... hard core love you. You serve alcohol (even whole bottles of wine), I can purchase my tix online and choose my seats in advance, and speaking of seats...yours are sublime. I feel spoiled rotten every time I visit, and there have been lots of times. Galaxy may cost a couple dollars more than other theaters; but for me, it's worth every penny. Luxury supreme.
4	I hadn't been to this theater in a while...I've been using all my points from Station Casinos to go to the theater at GVR.Last night, however, it was time to go see Thor 2, and there is no other theater option besides Galaxay Luxury Theater.We bought seats online, but had trouble using our rewards card because I couldn't remember the user id info. When we got to the theater, one of the girls working the ticking booth scanned our tickets in and scanned our card so we could get the points. The line for food wasn't too long, and the line for beer...well they had two lines going, but only a handful of us realized it, so...not a long wait for the beer.I've had the Chicago dog here before, although I didn't have it last night.  The last time I had it though, it was AWESOME.  (I'm from Chicago, so I know.) ;)They have a pretty good selection of other sausages too, that look really good.Popcorn was fresh and awesome.The seats were comfortable.  I absolutely love the mechanical reclining option, and how my feet don't hang off the end.  There's also enough space between the chairs that you don't have to move your foot rest to let people pass.  The cup holder on the tray keeps your drinks cold.  When I left, my soda still had all the ice in it, it hadn't melted at all.So, if I love this theater so much, why dock a star?Two reasons:One:  They need salt packets instead of salt shakers.  I've thought this since day one.  You can't layer the salt other wise!!  Hopefully, management will see this and consider it.  Plus...there's always a crowd around the salt/seasoning station that they have, so...its kind of a pain.Second reason:  Last night, when they were playing the "First Look" pre show entertainment, we had sound, but no picture.  My friend went to talk to someone about it.  5 minutes later, we still had no picture, and frankly...I like watching these.  I find the subects interesting, and they were doing a "behind the scenes" of an upcoming movie that i really wanted to watch.  So, I walked out, and polietly told the kid taking tickets (who looked really frazzled by the big crowd) that we still had no picture.He got on the 2 way radio while I was standing right there, and told someone.  The woman on the other end replied with this:  "The movie doesn't start for six minutes.  I KNOW.  I'LL GET TO IT."  Excuse me?  You have one job: to make sure that the projector is working before you start the pre-show and movie.  What would have happened in six minutes if it was STILL black?  What then?  Now you're delaying the movie.That woman's attitude was enough to dock a star all on its own, really.  The salt is a minor detail.  I'll still go back.  I love the theater to much to not go, and I'm not about to let some prissy pi$$y woman ruin the experience for me.  :)
3	I love the seats and theater itself but their popcorn sucks! Come on guys let's step the popcorn quality.
5	Love these theaters! Best way to watch a movie, in big comfortable reclining chairs! Theaters aren't that big so any seat is a great seat. I recommend you pre purchase your ticket online so you're guaranteed a seat.
3	The seats are the best, and it's great that they serve wine and beer. I would give them 5 stars for that. But the concessions are the slowest I have ever experienced. I would definitely upgrade this review if those ever speed up. Until then, get there 30 minutes before your movie starts. Seriously.
5	It's cold in here!   And colder in the bathroom!
4	Chairs are amazing. They recline so you can comfortable. This theater serves wine and beer so you are extra relaxed in the movies. Make sure to get your tickets on line early so you aren't sitting in the front section. All the seats are assigned.
5	Like the previous reviewer, I am not sure I can go to another theater ever again. The chairs are unbelievably comfortable and spacious. Nothing like reclining in a comfortable leather recliner and watching a great movie. We were in the DFX theater (where the screen is floor to ceiling and wall to wall), and it was a great experience. One of the coolest aspects of this theater is you reserve your seats ahead of time. So, no rushing to get a good seat. I would not recommend the front or second row. The third row back you are good to go. The concessions are normally priced and there is a full bar. All in all this is the best movie theater I have ever been to. Ignore the 1-star reviews almost all of them are because people ignored the 8 to 10 warnings not to use your phone in the theater or you would be kicked out. They clearly say they have a no tolerance policy and I say good for them on that one!!
5	Absolutely love this theatre, went to see The Hunger Games with my family and we all had a great time. Living in Vegas I always enjoy going to a theatre that isn't located inside a smoky casino! Drinks and snacks are pricey but just about the same as other movie theatres. Love that I can purchase seats ahead of time and not have to worry about not having a decent seat. Seats are so comfy....love it.
5	I love this theatre, the seats are so comfy and they serve wine!!!  i only wish they had more movie selections, that's the only con.  i love the fact that they will kick you out of they catch you on your cell phone :)
5	The chairs are really way too comfy. I did a snoozer through most of Hunger Games: Catching Fire. The ending was good though! Lol
5	After watching a few movies here, I don't think I can go anywhere else!RECLINING SEATS!!! I don't need to say anything else. They are so comfy that it feels like you could fall asleep. They serve alcohol! For everyone who likes to drink during a movie, you no longer have to sneak in alcohol. As for me, I prefer not to drink during a movie since I know I'm going to fall asleep if I do. They have the the typical snacks and drinks that will cost you an arm and a leg. They do put a ton of butter on the popcorn which is a plus for me. Bathrooms are always clean and employees are friendly. P.S. You get to pick your seats. Good news for people who are blind and don't like to wear their glasses like me:)
4	I must say that for my first time experiencing this theatre, I am a fan!You know how you usually go to movies and depending on where you go, the seat may not go back, or it may not go back as far as you want? Well, I can tell you right now that you won't have that problem here. The seats at this theatre are reclinable! I don't know about you, but sitting in a comfortable chair in a theatre makes or breaks my movie experience, that is why I only go to select theatres. This theatre is now going to be added to that special list! How can you not enjoy watching a movie, kicking back, and relaxing? It's almost like watching a movie at home, but you get that movie theatre experience with the large screen, the surround sound, and i guess the people around you too? But who really pays attention to those people when you should be paying attention to the movie! I have no complaints about this place. The concessions are roughly the same as everywhere else, and keep in mind the theatres seat less people because the chairs take up more room. And get there early, because you pick your seats when you purchase your ticket, so if you are in a large party, go early!
5	Unless you don't feel like driving to this theater, I don't think there is a better movie going experience in town.  Online ticket purchases allow for assigned seating, so getting a good seat is not a problem.  No need to get to the theater early to save seats!  Seats recline, are comfortable, and offer plenty of space (enough for two, I'm sure).  Each seat also has a rotating table to hold your drinks and snacks.  Ticket prices?  About the same as every other theater.  This is a short review, but really, everything stated above makes this a better theater than 90% of the other theaters in town.
4	I love the Galaxy theater and wish all theaters were like it.The seats recline back to an almost laying down position! We saw catching fire there and the time flew by in those comfy seats. One thing that you need to be advised though- the seats are assigned, so I strongly suggest purchasing them online first so you aren't stuck in the first three rows or risk the movie being sold out. This would be a five star review, however I think there are a few things the theater can improve on. It's advertised as luxury, but first impressions say otherwise. The lobby isn't the best, and the snack bar could improve as well. I picture luxury theaters as serving gourmet snacks as well as maybe some food other than sausages you can eat during the film, especially since the theater itself is so cozy. Overall though, I would definitely go here over any other theater for the seats alone. Well worth it!
4	The seats recline, they sell alcohol and the movie prices are no more than a standard theatre. Need I say more? This place is friggin awesome! My husband and I do not live close but it doesn't matter, it's completely worth it. It's hard to see a movie anywhere else once you've been here!
5	Nothing beats recliners and booze at a theatre! It's a dream come true for a degenerate like myself. I highly recommend it.
5	I love this place. I live across town and we routinely come here.Reasonable location, clean, but eff all that they have high end premium sausages and amazing beer on tap! STONE! LAGUNITAS! OTHER AMAZING BEERS!If this is not enough the seats are huge and motorized! My 5 year old and my wife hung out in the same giant seat and were totally comfortable! Are you morbidly obese and being moved around by crane? They have seats that will fit you! And they're *motorized*!Fringe benefit: because the motorized seats recline, you can sit in the dreaded front section and have a lovely experience. Also the seats have trays so you can OMNOMNOM comfortably.Brilliant.
5	There is no reason not to make your new theatre the Galaxy Theatre in Green Valley! Even if you live in Summerlin (like me) it is totally worth the drive!!! I can't speak enough on how fabulous this place is. Why, you ask? Well:1 - The seats recline like you were sitting in your very own La Z Boy at home. Not liking the movie, feel free to take a nap.2 - Alcohol... what a perfect match to popcorn and raisinettes. 3 - Top your favorite recliner and snack with a little table to set everything on. 4 - Did I mention that you reserve a seat and don't have to worry about getting there 45 minutes early?The seats really are the key to this place, the other items are just a bonus. Do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	We come to this theater because of their restrict No Cellphone & No Talking policy that is enforced. We love that we can truly enjoy a movies without having to worry about distractions.
5	This is the ONLY place to see movies! It's the same price as the other theaters...and the snackbar has libations!
4	There was no doubt in my mind that I needed to watch Hunger Games: Catching Fire at this theater. Unfortunately, I didn't plan THAT far in advance, but was still able to land 3rd row center seats for a Sunday showing. I tried to compare the pictures people posted to see what my 3rd row vantage point would be. Of course, when we got there, we immediately started playing with the reclining seats. 3rd row was fine if you recline your seat all the way back, but I wish I got 4th row since my neck did strain after awhile. 1st and 2nd row are definitely way too close, at least for the DFX theater we were in. At the beginning of the movie, a mumbling teenager tried his best to tell us the rules of the theater (no cell phones, no talking, etc), but he was really bad at it and the crowd was definitely letting him know it - I felt really embarrassed for him! Also, when we tried purchasing food, I tried ordering the "Dibs" Nestle Crunch ice cream. It took forever to explain what it was to the cashier even though it was right behind him, and then he had to flag someone else down to ring it up. Aside from the bumbling teenage  workers, the whole experience was otherwise painless. Despite the futuristic reclining seats, the rest of the theater is bit older and on the edge of "run down", i.e. the bathrooms and the arcade. This theater is definitely a great option if you don't mind driving out here and don't want to waste your time getting to a theater early to catch opening day/weekend of a new release. I'll definitely be back for that next great must-see movie.
5	This is my new spot! The recline chairs are the best! Alcohol well you can get a large draft beer for 9.75 and trust me it will last more then half the movie. Next time I am bringing  a blanket as I did see a little boy with one.
5	This theatre definitely deserves 5 stars! Very unique and classy approach. public cinema with private feel. Gotta check this place out.
4	Imagine reclining in your own remote controlled chair, in a row and seat that you purchased ahead of time, while resting your popcorn or wine on your personal valet table at the movies.  Now imagine a movie theater that takes the experience so seriously that if you are caught texting, playing on your phone or being loud, they won't warn you, they will kick you out.  That is how they roll - guaranteed courtesy at the movies. Because of their strict courtesy rule, I am not sure if I would bring young kids to this theater.  But I know it is great for date night!My best advice - buy your tickets ahead of time because the good seats sell out quickly and you want to make sure you can sit next to your friends or family.  That is my only complaint and reason for 4 stars.  We have come a few times and walked away to another theater because of the seating issue.  But as long as you know ahead of time, it's all good.
5	Most comfortable theaters in Vegas an alcohol if you want, what else could you reasonably ask for...
5	I have been skipping by this place for some time, but a friend told us it was the best place in the Valley to see a movie.  He drives from Mountain's Edge to see movies here.  So, we had to see for ourselves, and he was absolutely right.  I couldn't believe it.  The employee selling tickets was very friendly, and as many others note, we were able to select our exact seats.  The price was more than reasonable ($8.50 for a weekday matinee) given the comforts.As everyone notes, the seating is ridiculous here.  Fully reclinable chairs that are clean and very comfortable.  The aisle is wide enough that if people need to get up and leave during the movie, you aren't bothered.  Also, the tables (attached to each seat) are at the PERFECT location for eating, no matter what angle to which you are reclined (unless you are lying down, I guess).  In addition, there is a circular indentation in the table, which I presume is for dipping sauce.  This place really has thought of everything.  It was impressive.So, to sum up, we'll definitely return, and our attendance at other area movie theatres is going to be spotty in the future.
5	Best movie going experience period. The best movie theater reclining seats, which helps you fall asleep during a boring movie. Tickets are very reasonable $11/adult. However, this theater does not have that many screens, so whenever a popular movie comes out it's always sold out. Get your tickets online by reserving them ahead for time, it's an extra $1 fee. Also, parking might be hard to find on busy nights or you might have to park faraway.Food service is also awesome. Their hotdogs and my favorite beer soaked bratwurst are amazing. If you are over 21 than you can enjoy nice bottle of wine or variety of beers. Overall(5/5), it the best movie going experience in my life. I would recommend getting their early or buy tickets online.
5	LOVE this theatre. Will never be going anywhere else from now on! It's a bit out of the way (Green Valley/Henderson), but totally worth it. Very clean, great assortment of snacks, and they even have alcohol! We ordered a bottle of wine for only $32 and popcorn for $6, so very reasonable prices. Plus, they have all those awesome popcorn seasonings, so that was a bonus ;)The seats are heaven- they fully recline, so you could literally take a nap if it turns out to be a boring flick. Again, really clean and modern- love this place!! Will definitely be returning soon.
5	Loved this place! Best way to watch a movie , I don't think I could ever watch a movie any where else. Being able to lay back in a full recliner is just amazing!
4	Can you imagine a better way to watch a movie other than in a lounge chair?  This is the only movie theater where my 6 year old daughter can climb into my lap and I can still enjoy the movie.  THAT is how big these awesome seats are.The matinee price is good until 5 pm, unlike those casino theaters near by.While the booze may appeal to some, I just can't see myself interested in drinking with popcorn.  If I wanted wine, I would want real food.  If they offer better than nachos and hot dog, I would consider the alcohol while attending with just adults. My one recommendation is plan in advance for this place.  The first attempt here, they were sold out.  Second attempt (first attendance) ended with us in the second row and it was not terribly great.  The following time I learned my lesson and bought tickets days in advance.That system works and we have enjoyed this theater since then!
5	After Rave Motion Pictures in Town Square became AMC and rid themselves of all the reasons I even left my house to watch movies (21+ only showings, reserved seating, etc.), I was on the look out for a new place to watch movies that didn't throw me into a rage by the time the previews started. Galaxy is priced the same as any other movie theater, serves alcohol, has reserved seating, fully reclining seats, clean bathrooms, and a zero tolerance "No Distraction" policy. I have to say the last part is what really appeals; there is a special level of hell reserved for people who talk during movies. After I went once, I went two more times in a week. Finally, a place that makes going to the movies worth it again.
4	We went to see the Wolf of Wall Street last night after receiving a gift card as a recent present.  Great experience and we would absolutely make the haul from Summerlin to do this again.  Upgraded theatre seating really makes the movie experience.  I like the liquor option and enjoyed some Pinot Noir in a real glass (nice touch).  Wine not cheap and I wish the food options were better, healthier and not simply the upgraded stadium food.  What we did not know and it appeared most of Henderson did know, it is advantageous to book your tickets online and in advance.  You actually select  your seats, but despite arriving 40 minutes in advance, the only seats available were located almost directly in front of the screen right .  I mean right up front. So sitting up close is not your thing, be prepared and book online in advance.
5	Amazing!!!!The theater is so spacious and comfy! I love that you can pre-purchase your tickets and seats then just print them at a kiosk!!
2	My boyfriend and I tried this theater for the first time tonight. Upon first impression, we really liked it! The girls at the bar were great, letting us sample the wine before we bought a bottle. We then proceeded to our theater, and reserved seats, which were amazing recliners!!! So comfy!!!! (Side note, my leg is broken, so it was so great to be able to keep it elevated, in addition to the comfort). So far, so good, right? Well, 5 minutes into the previews, I changed my mind that I wanted some popcorn. So, I hobble out to the concession stand, stopping at the DISGUSTING bathroom on the way. Well, when I get there, the guys behind the counter won't even ask me what I want. Just say no, we are closed. Ok ok, we picked the last showing of Anchorman 2, at 10:40. I get it, it's late, but when I got out there, it wasn't even 11 pm yet!!! I looked at them, the full container of popcorn behind them, and asked "are you sure? It's not even 11 yet?" Well, they barely glanced up from their giggling and obnoxious music to look at me and SCREAM "Closed!!!" Ok.... Sorry I bothered to try to give you money for something you already had made. And make you quit your socializing to help a patron. The bar staff was great, the seats were comfy, everyone else was unhelpful and unfriendly. We bought our tickets online, so I can't say anything about the box office staff. So in summary: if you go, get your snacks before the previews are over. Otherwise, you're out of luck.
5	Hands down the best movie experience my wife and I have ever had.  Being able to pick your seats, have them recline and you then can relax.  Drinks that are also available (alcohol) makes it even better.
5	So late to the party but I now believe the hype...Came on a Monday to watch the last showing of Anchorman 2 for the night... The parking lot looked full so we were worried that the theater would be packed but to our surprise it was not! Since it was our first time we did not know what row would be the best so the ticket agent helped us in our seat selection.. He recommended rows J & K... However, if you don't want anyone sitting in front of you then sit in row H because that is the one right after the little division bar. I'm sure you know by now but they do serve wine & beer!!! Not a full bar but that is probably for the best... Their glasses start at $7.. We got a really nice Riesling for $8/ glass but we decided do double pours so multiply that by 4! FYI, they do sell wine by the bottle as well...The seats are nice, red and plush. I was shocked at how far they recline. No need to worry about kicking the seat in front of you. My only thought was after seeing the fellow next to me kick off his shoes and relax was: "hmmmm i wonder if they clean each seat after each showing?!?!?" So i came to the decision that next time I would bring a little sanitizer wipe but that is the closet germaphope in me speaking... LOL Also, with the seats being so comfortable and the wine being so yum, I totally slept through the whole movie.. LOL... I wonder if that happens often...? With tickets at about $12 a person, which is average price elsewhere, I don't know why you would want to watch a movie anywhere else...HOT TIP: pre-select your seats and buy your tickets online... http://www.galaxytheatres.com/green-valley ...they also have a location in North Las Vegas.. Hopefully, they bring one to the South West or Summerlin area soon ;]]]
5	Can't wait to go here again. All movie theaters should be like this. It is so comfortable you forget you are at a theater. And you can order alcohol... I will definitely be going here for all my movie experiences from now on.
5	Worth the drive! As a summerlander, I was quote hesitant about trekking the extra 15 miles for a movie. However, we made the trip for a date movie and we were pleased! We saw a 10:50 am show so tickets were not an issue. You get assigned seats at the box office. Two ladies came in after we were settled and insisted we were in their seats. What the heck box office people? Anyhow, we scooched over and all was fine. We enjoyed our cinematic experience in total comfort. The chairs are cushy red leather and electrically recline. You get your own swivel tray table. There are some logistical concerns for short people like myself...if you recline, you can't really comfortably reach your popcorn up on your tray. In addition, your popcorn blocks your view. So, you put the popcorn in your lap, as you would in a normal theater, then the tray table keeps swiveling back and banging into it. First world problems I guess. Anyhow, I will gladly return for another movie! No reason to go back to the standard theater experience. It would be like flying middle seat coach after business class international.
5	The best movie experience!  Clean comfortable, and affordable.  Worth the extra drive to enjoy a movie in a comfortable recliner,  for the same price s a regular theater.  The staff is very friendly and pleasant to talk with.
5	WE FREAKING LOVE THIS THEATER!!! The recliner seats have almost spoiled my family to the point that they'd rather not see a movie in a traditional movie theater. Seriously. Similarly, they will watch a movie they have already seen instead of one they have yet to see (and do want to watch at some point), which ever has the Galaxy Luxury Recliner Seating. And these are hard core movie goers, too. Frankly, it's become quite a pain in the a$$ because while I do love the seats, I'm more interested in the movie itself AND THEN the theater, but whatever, I'm writing up the theater, not founding a movie going philosophy.Okay, probably just as cool is THE BAR. I love theaters that serve alcohol, and I don't even drink that much. I just love having the option, and while the prices are "movie theater pricing," it's really not more expensive than a drink at  any fancy restaurant or club. Again, not being much of a drinker, I'm just very happy with the well thought out execution as you rarely see such foresight or genuine creativity these in much of anything these days.By the way, I saw Gravity in 3D here, and it was the very first time that the 3D didn't distract me from the movie experience. It was the first time that I felt the 3D effects somewhat enhanced the movie experience, and that is a big leap for me. I bring this up because not only has 3D production come a long way, but Galaxy Green Valley has it down, and that's coming from a critic of 3D and IMAX.If you have the opportunity to see a movie here, do so. Spoil yourself at no extra cost and become as hooked as my family is.
4	My favorite theatre... Downside: I wish the theatre was bigger.  The screens are ginormous, but the capacity to seat everyone is limited.  The front seats are waaaaay to close to the screen, and I find myself skipping over galaxy to go somewhere else if I'm limited to the front row.  You should always look online before going strait to the theatre.  You choose your seats, so if you get there & everyone's already taken the best seats- you're assed out.   Pricing is actually better than most!  They also offer matinee, I'll have to check on the times.  Chairs- the beauty of the place.  Large, comfy, recliners.  You don't have to worry about sharing arm space with the stranger next to you... I LOVE that.  You even get a little table for your snacks.Concession!  There's a bar!  I don't care much for it.  The last time I got drunk at a movie theatre I fell asleep and left my purse there.  SO! I've never experienced it here- but, it's there.  They serve all the regular movie food:  popcorn [and GOOD popcorn too... ] soda, water, candy, nachos, & some hooked up hotdogs... They also have two very small arcades.. There are bathrooms at the front entrances.. As well as in the theatre hallways.  There isn't much in the strip mall surrounding the theatre.. But they are neighbors with a bakery and yogurt shop!
5	It only has one negative, that there are not more of these all over town!!! I was blown away by this theater! I drove really far (20 plus miles) to get here and it was worth it. I have to say, for 50 cents more than the other theaters, this is totally worth it. It's really important to me to be comfortable when sitting for long periods of time with my back problems and these seats were heavenly! They were wide, reclined, had a small tray table that you could move and it had a cup holder. The screen was large. The sound was good. There was plenty of space. You could not be kicked by the person behind you even if they tried. People could not put their feet up near me even if they tried. I love the personal space. Whoever came up with this idea, thank you!!!My hubby was impressed with the bar and the gourmet sausages. Food is expensive, just like all movie theaters, so no surprise there. You choose your seats when you arrive at the theater which is really neat. It costs $1 per ticket to book your seats in advance. We waited until we arrived and that was just fine. I think every theater in town has to be like this. Now please don't raise the price so I continue to come here. I am officially spoiled! Now can you open one up in South Summerlin please? :)
5	Great seats, excellent screens and projection systems, good concessions (brats, beers, and wines) plus house rules that include no texting (or you'll get ejected without a refund). All around a great place to catch a movie. Assigned seats is cool although sometimes works against you if you get stuck next to someone that's not a great movie-goer. Otherwise, great venue that brings movie watching to its next logical level. A combination of home screening and big screening that works.
3	Overall I am a fan. Wish I could have given an additional half a star.  I enjoy the relaxing, reclining seats with the trays. Unfortunately,  I foresee major breakdown in the mechanism and wonder if the theater owners will be able to maintain the electronics.  I am sure a lot of thought went into the refreshment counter but I don't understand why you have to wait on a second line to get your hot dog.  The hot dogs are definitely better than your average theater food and they also have brats plus alcohol and a milkshake machine that was actually pretty good.  However there isn't much else exciting on their menu and I hope they add more creative menu items.  They didn't even offer jalapenos for my nachos and although the menu said soft pretzels I saw none in any display which means they either didn't have them or they microwave them, neither is acceptable.I am definitely mixed about the assigned seating.  On the one hand, I really appreciate the non-rushed feeling of having to get to the theater before it starts to get a decent seat.  On the other hand, we got there 30 minutes before the movie started (Frozen, which has been out for a few weeks) and there were not 2 seats together, luckily they were one row apart and directly in front of each other but a year or two ago I would not have been ok with sitting apart from my daughter.The staff was very slow and not friendly.  They forgot some of my items,  It was not overcrowded yet the line took a long time.Still once the movie began the comfortable seats, great sound system and cell phone free (mostly) theater made for a great experience.Pricing is about the same as comparable theaters which makes it a bargain for what you get in the theater.
5	I really like Galaxy theater! The comfy seats are not a surprise to anyone  anymore, as the rumors of this place have spread like wildfire, and under good reason, too. I wish I brought a blanket and pillow with me the last time I visited Galaxy! At first, I was disappointed because the only seats available were in the second row from the very front, but it wasn't bad in the slightest! We were obviously very comfortable throughout the entire movie because the seats recline all the way back. Snacks are priced slightly higher than in normal theaters, but they offer a fun hotdog stand, which I loved!
4	I live on the other side of town but I will defiantly keep on driving all the way out here for the awesome big recliner seat and the alcohol :P I would give this place 5 stars if only they had a better selection of alcohol other than beer and crappy wine.
4	I love a theater that I can recline my chair in, have a table for my popcorn, a drink holder for the soda, and just watch a movie on a huge screen.  It's like being at home with a HUGE television. I love their wine and hot dog selections, and the prices are great for a movie theater like this one.  I will watch 3D movies here regularly.
5	Love this theater. The other posters already have it covered for sure. Soft leather seats, so much space, nobody crawling across you to get to their seats - even if you're kicked all the way back in yours, there is room for others to walk in front. And yeah, no seat kicking from behind, or people putting their feet on your armrest or the back of your seat - there's no way.You have to scope out the seats online before showing up though, especially if it's close to showtime, if you want to be sure to have seats together and in the location you prefer. My head spins if I sit too close to the screen and some of the theaters here are larger than others - we always sit in row Z in one of the theaters that has the most rows, if that makes sense (some only have seven rows, others have ten - you can tell from the seating grids on their website). So far, everything we've seen here has been showing in one of the larger theaters. I would also probably choose to see a movie somewhere else if it was only showing in one of the smaller ones to avoid being too close to the screen (this is probably a rare problem for most people, maybe?) The seats in Row Z seem to lie as flat as the ones in the remaining rows, so no worries that it's up against the back wall ! The first time we were there, we weren't sure it would work out that way because of the wall behind the row - but the seats kick out and forward - it's really cool.  We were used to assigned seating from when we lived in LA and I'm not yet aware of another theater in Las Vegas that has this feature for every showing. It is really nice to be able to buy tickets online, even for showings that are many days in the future, and then just show up with no waiting or lines. Be aware that they have a very strict zero-tolerance electronics policy here - customers will be kicked out without a refund if their cel or other device makes noise once the showing has started (and they catch them or someone reports them). There are signs and the staff usually mentions it when they take your ticket. I've not seen it happen to anyone yet but someone reviewed that they had been booted out because they had forgotten to put their phone on silent. It definitely makes for a nicer and more peaceful experience here - sometimes a request on the screen before the movie starts isn't enough.
5	Two words. LOVE IT!  Just be sure to buy you're tickets/reserve your seats well ahead of time or you'll be disappointed when you get there.
5	I will never set foot in any other theater again for the rest of my life.Some people go watch movies for the special effects (3D, IMAX)- pshhh whatevers.....I want to watch my movie in peace...no cell phones, no children AND they set rules that you WILL be kicked out if you bother other guests..and they have plush seats that recline and they serve ALCOHOL!! Hello, how can you beat that??Seriously, the recliner seats and alcohol is a plus, but I really want to watch a movie without any distractions. Last time I was in a theater was at the Palms and I seriously almost got into a fight with some teenagers that talked through the entire movie than had the nerve to ANSWER their cell phone in the middle of it!!  I swore I would never watch a movie at any theater ever again...thank the lord for Galaxy Theatres!
5	I FREAKIN LOVE this theater!!First of all, electric-reclining seats is a no-brainer and I cannot believe it has taken this long for a movie theater chain to figure this out. As such, there are very few bad seats, unless you are stuck on the front row. I used to get to the movie 30 minutes before start to sit on the back row so there was no one behind me kicking my seat. But even fully reclined, there is 3 ft of space to walk through the aisle! AND buying my ticket online means I always get to sit where I choose because it is reserved seating.Secondly, their policy of ejecting people who, talk, text, or disrupt the movies is fabulous! I have had movie experiences ruined by people who are on their phone the whole movie, talking loudly, or being disruptive. They don't put up with it, and everyone benefits - except the rude people. ;)Thirdly, the bar is a fantastic touch! Why more theaters don't offer this option is beyond me. Most family restaurants also have adult beverages.For all this convenience and comfort, you would think that their ticket prices would be higher, but they are not! Very affordable, very convenient, and beyond comfortable. Our family doesn't want to go to the movies anywhere else!
5	I always been to movie theaters, but never expected one to be so comfortable !!I have to admit one of the things I dislike about theaters is the chairs.So when I was watching one of my least favorite movies -Walking With Dinosaurs I didn't mind at all because it was the best time I ever had in a movie theater I actually relax and enjoy my family date :)can't wait to go again and watch a great movie and relax also love that cell phones are strictly prohibited super no more hearing people talk or answer or phone ringing because  anyone will be kick out for ruining it so I suggest everyone to go chevk it out you'll love it
5	This theater is AWESOME!!! The seats are so comfy, they are like lazy boy recliners! You can even get beer and wine to take into the theater with you! We will never go to another movie theater again!! They also have an app for your phone where you can buy movie tickets and pick your seats out!
5	The best theater hands down in Las Vegas, I don't have to say details just go to this theater and pay that extra $2 and you'll never look at another theater again.
4	Get your tickets online in advance. Good seats go quick. I bring my little movie blanket, keeps me warm and comfy. This place is as good as it gets, I wish it's like the ones in San Diego where you have a server that waits on you and seats are by two people, not in a row. The food for these theaters are actually really good. So I am hoping this will upgrade on the food service.
5	Love this place. So comfy. And they serve alcohol... Beer and wine but watch out its $10.... Guess you pay for convience... Lol worth trying. Once you go here you won't wana go regular theaters
5	I went to Galaxy last year to see one of the early screenings of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. There is nothing to complain about. Are the prices for their booze a little high? Sure, but what do you expect at a movie theater? Do I wish they had more options for food? Yes, but it's a movie theater, not Olive Garden. Do I wish I could watch movies in their comfortable seats every night of my life? ABSOLUTELY.The staff was very friendly, the theater was bery clean, and I loved the location because it was easy to get to and has a massive parking lot.There is nothing to complain about in regards to the theater, especially since you're paying $11.00 for a regular priced adult evening ticket to sit in cushy chairs that recline into the perfect resting position. Since I've had a major back surgery, this is the only theater I will ever go to in the Las Vegas area, because nothing beats a comfortable reclining leather theater seat that gives me and the person next to me plenty of space to relax. My other favorite part? At the beginning of each show there is a person who comes in and states that they will kick you out of the theater if you play with your phone during the movie, and they mean it! LOVE.
4	A theater where I can recline in my chair with my feet up and watch a movie? I'm in! The ticket price for adults is $11 per person plus a $1 convenience fee when purchasing online. You get to pick your seats which I thought was nice. The website is user friendly and once you have picked your seats (hurry because if you wait too long to decide someone else can snatch the seats) and completed your purchase, the seats are reserved for you, so you wont need to worry about getting to the theater in time to get a certain seat or seats together with your group.Inside they have the typical concession area with popcorn, soda, candy, nachos, etc., but they also have a sausage bar and sell beer and wine. There are separate lines for the concession and sausage/alcohol bar, but the employee at the sausage bar let me get my nachos and soda combo ($12) at her line so we could just pay with one transaction. She was courteous and let me know that customers get free soda refills on the date on the receipt. We saw "The Lego Movie" and I was happy with the plush reclining seats. I made myself fast at home in mine! Each chair has a button on the side to adjust the seat however you want it. I liked that when I moved mine it wasn't felt by the person next to me so I didn't feel bad about adjusting it whenever I wanted. The table attached was decent sized too. The screen was huge and the movie looked good. I just about fell asleep I was so comfy! There is a parking garage (free parking) or a open lot. If you plan to go to the movies often, you might want to consider signing up for Galaxy Rewards, it's free.Now let's sing!*Everything is awesome...Everything is cool when you're part of a team....Everything is awesome... When we're living our dream*
5	Best Movie Theater in Las Vegas hands down. The snacks and treats are normal priced for a theater. The popcorn is actually remarkably good with the flavored butter topping they use. the theaters themselves are massive to accommodate the chairs. Therein lies the trump card, the chairs are massive and comfortable recliners. They recline almost completely and are electronic. The most comfortable I have ever seen a in a public place. The price for a ticket is a little steep so save it for a movie you're gonna love.
4	This is a nice theater. There is a sausage bar that has a line by itself and you can also get beer and wine there. The sausages are $6.75 and they have a good amount of fresh toppings. I liked how clean he prep area is. I had a sausage with chili, cheese, onions, and jalapenos. I liked the sausage and toppings a lot but the bun was rock hard. Not worth the money at all but I gave it a shot. I shared nachos with my wife and they were damn good. Nacho cheese is good! The seats inside the theater are nice. They recline pretty far and are roomy. There is a table for each chair that is big enough to hold a good amount of junk food. The screen quality was good and the sound too. Order your tickets online to reserve your seat without hassle.
5	Each seat is a lazy boy recliner and assigned. Beer & Wine. Big giant hot pretzels. Don't fall asleep. No refunds if you snooze.
5	I never want to go anywhere else! Love the theaters and the chairs. So much space! So comfortable and the way ALL movie theaters should be. If you haven't been, you're missing out. And be prepared to ditch all other theaters! Luxury for sure.
3	Hmm, I might come back here to see if my opinion changes, but so far? The people who think this is some "great secret" can keep it. The set up is absurd. You cannot possibly see the screen if you are in the front row. I also think that if they'll boot a person for pulling out a phone, they should boot the screaming fucking toddlers and the inconsiderate soccer moms too selfish to hire a sitter in lieu of dragging squirmy kids to a long, R-rated movie. That, and if they're going to be all rule-having, maybe they shouldn't allow people to enter once the movie has started. The reclining leather seats are large and comfy, great for the ever-expanding American waistline. Concession stand is typical in content and price, but it's sorta neat that they sell wine and beer. Don't think I'd trip over myself to return, but I'd consider a late-night show time, if I could get decent seats in advance. It is out of my way, but I was interested to see what they were all about.
5	Why isn't every theater like this? Recliners, beer and wine, and no cell phones allowed during the show. This place is my absolute favorite! The price for all the amenities is definitely fair, too. Make this your go to theater from now on, no others will compare after.
4	This is the best movie theater ever. Here are my reasons: -You can buy tickets online-You can pre-select your seats-Parking is easy and ample in the parking lot-Ticket pickup is easy at the front via the kiosk-You can buy beer and wine! -The pour for the wine is huge-The seats are preassigned so you can just come in 5 minutes before the movie starts, rather than coming early to get good seats. -No cell phones in the theater or you will get kicked out with no refund-Electric reclining leather-like seats-Plenty of leg and walking room between the rows-It's a smaller theaters so when you need to go to the bathroom, it's not 3 blocks away, just 100 feet or so away-Staff are nice and seems to enjoy working here-Lastly, people... can you please pick up the garbage you brought into the theater!? I understand if you can't for the popcorn that fell all over the place, but there is no excuse to leave your other crap. Thanks.
5	Awesome experience!   We decided to try out Galaxy Theatres just a couple of hours before showtime.  I bought the tickets even though we had to select the second row.  Alaskan Amber on tap and popcorn purchased, I was pleasantly surprised that the seats were motorized and reclined back enough to make the second row tolerable.  There is room for people to pass even in the fully reclined position.  I will definitely be back but will purchase in advance!
3	You can't use Galaxy Gift Cards to buy tickets online. Seems to be a severe disconnect here. When I called to question this, the girl that answered was not very sympathetic. Her reply was that I could come down and buy the tickets in person. This seems ridiculous since all the movies I ever want to see sell out hours before showtime. This is not convenient. I would never buy someone a gift card, or ask to receive one as a gift. Its a waste. I've had someone contact me with a work around, however I don't think I have much left on my card. Regardless my gift card experience left a lot to be desired and I wouldn't want to put anyone else through that.  However the actual movie theatre itself is amazing but don't believe that bit about no bad seat. Make sure you sit in the 3rd row or further for optimal viewing. I love the seats that fully recline. Bar offers wine. What more could you ask for?
5	How can you not love this place?  From the giant recliners, to the hi-def projector, to the awesome sound system, to the concession stand that serves beer, wine and actual food and the staff that clearly cares about their customers.  AND the ticket prices are the same as all of these ratty, beat-down theaters around town.  Oh yeah, you get to jump on their website and pre-purchase and reserve your exact seats before you even get there.  There is a small fee for that.  No biggie and totally worth it.  Why would you see a movie anywhere else?
5	Once you come here, you'll never want to watch a movie anywhere else. There are so many plus sides to this theater...hmm...where to begin?1. Assigned seating. No more inner dialogue about stressing what time to get there or who is going to sit next to you. I'm a planner, so I book early and always get great seats. Tip: book the row that has the rail in front of it. You can come in at the time the movie starts with no stress and hassle. 2. Plus reclining seats that go back ALL THE WAY. OMG OMG OMG. If these seats were any more comfortable, you'd have to book one for a night's stay. It is the single most comfortable way to watch a movie. Another plus side the seats: they are very wide. It puts a good amount of distance between you and the person next to you IF you choose. However, on the down side, it's hard to snuggle up to your sweetie, but you know what they say about distance making the heart grow fonder. 3. Parking! Lots of it. Yes, the parking lot directly in front of the building is a bit small and packed, but some users might not have know there is a full parking garage directly to the left of the building with easy access to the theater. When I had a broken leg, this was the only place I could come to watch a movie where I wasn't in pain for 2+ hours. Thank you Galaxy Theaters for providing a superior viewing environment. It is soooo appreciated!
4	When purchasing tickets it's great that you can reserve your seats. Popcorn is great here
3	The GoodThe recliners are totally worth it. It's the best way to enjoy a movie. Very comfortable, even have trays!The BadThe staff at the box office was rude. My husband walked up to but our tickets, the guy at the counter saw us, made eye contact and turned around and walked away. Wtf. The recliners smell like old body odor. Note to the theater, you may wanna wipe those down after every use.The prices for the popcorn and soda are slightly more expensive than other theaters. Overall, is return but I'm not running back.
5	Spacious, roomy seats, the ability to purchase assigned seating ahead of time -- meaning no more having to save seats with your sweater/jacket. Shoot the chairs even recline?! They even have a stamp card for frequent theatre-goers. Gotta knock em a lil for really salty popcorn but at this point I'd be splitting hairs. Its been my theater of choice lately and have some friends driving across town simply for the quality of experience you have here.
5	ever had a dream of taking your lazyboy recliner to the movie theater... Dream come true!!!! Every seat is the best seat in the house! Now I can bring my wife to the movies she doesnt want to see because she can recline and relax.  I dont have to sit through a chickflick in an uncomfortable seat that I predicted the ending to in the first 10 min.. nap time!!!  Plus it is not any more expensive than the other theaters!!! Ill never go anywhere else!!!
1	I was at the Galaxy Green Valley luxury theater Sunday night to see Captain America. The theater was about one third full and the movie was pretty good. I was there with some friends and my son who is 11.About halfway through the movie, the gentleman walked in and he was dressed all in black with a black hat. He had a military style backpack that was also black. He stood in the middle of the theater for over a minute looking around. Eventually, he went to an unoccupied row seats in the front of the theater and sat down. He continued to look around the theater for several minutes. He then stood up again and looked around the theater. He was in no way paying attention to the movie.I quietly left and told my friends to watch him and to immediately get up and leave if they notice something suspicious. I informed security guard outside the theater. He confronted the man who was not able to produce a ticket. The man then stood up again in the middle of the theater. Then I told my son and my friends that we had to leave. Several other people were also uncomfortable and left immediately. When I secured my friends and my son outside the theater I went back and demanded to speak with a manager. Several other customers were also upset about the incident.During all of this they did absolutely nothing to ensure the safety of the other patrons at the theater. There was a man inside the theater walking around with a huge backpack. He could not produce a ticket, and entered the show halfway through. What more do you need?I called the police and reported the incident. It was later told that the individual did not purchase the ticket. That leads me to believe that he snuck in.I later spoke to the manager (Beth) who laughed at me. She told me that the bag had been searched. I find that odd considering the gentleman entered halfway through the movie and the fact that I was later specifically told that they were not able to verify that he purchased a ticket.
5	Talk about relaxing show wow, new concept is awesome.  You have to buy tickets online ahead of time, but then you choose your seat and sit back in the reclining HUGE seats and enjoy the show.  I was told that they let you bring anything you want in there if you want to bring dinner in, they dont mind, or a cooler, they dont mind, or buy them out at the counter, they dont care, they just want you there.   I would go back for this again for sure.  Love it.  RECLINERS IN THE THEATRE, FORGET ABOUT IT!   Regular prices too, 12 bucks, go in style. Go Galaxy!
5	This place is Awesome!!! Luxury theater indeed. The seats are roomy and the arm rests are big enough so it's not awkward when you hit the random person next to you. It's pretty cool you can buy alcohol here too! You pick your seats when you buy your tickets! I guess it helps to make sure no one is moving hopping. It's best to buy them online ahead of time to ensure you get good seats!
5	It really doesn't get any better than this theater in Las Vegas. It's clean and comfortable every time we go. Just wish they would open another one in the southwest area so I could avoid the 30 mn drive!
5	There's watching a movie and then there's WATCHING A MOVIE. This, my good friends is one of the latter. This theater was the first in galaxy theatres attempt to change movie watching in Vegas and dare I say, it's been successful. This in one of the few stand alone, but it's ideally located next to several  restaurants so dinner and a movie works perfectly. There's also several bars if you prefer happy hour and a movie( it's ok, I don't judge) if that's not enough, they have a full bar, including wine if you want to feel fancy and a full hot dog bar that rivals pinks. This is all a prelude to the actual experience: watching the movie that you paid your sweet 11 dollars for. Watching movies is amazing, every seat is a nice comfy recliner with a full food tray. They way the seats are set up there's no bad angle. I've gotten so comfortable I've even slept off. I've never had a bad experience here with the staff, they're always smiling and seem to realize that people are coming to the movies to have a good time. Mad props and in the words of Ah-nuld "I'll be back"
5	I would very rarely give a place 5 stars, however this luxury theatre is right on the mark!! Surprisingly they don't overcharge for this wonderful experience. What's not to like? Plush, reclining seats that are large enough even for me??! Beer and brats, or wine if you prefer. Just an overall wonderful experience! Staff was friendly, helpful. I don't believe I can ever go to a "normal" cinema ever again.  They are now my go to cinema! Thanks Galaxy!!
4	Ahhhhh, the movie theater that has ruined all other movie theaters for me.The dinner and a movie date notion is perfect at this location since Galaxy is located next to a few choice chain restaurants and other standalones. I have seen several movies at Galaxy and whether it is 3D or not, the experience can't be beat.You should probably purchase your tickets in advance online so that you can pick your ideal seats. I don't sit below 'K' level because being close to the screen is not a fun time for me. Remember to either print your ticket at home, pick them up at the ticket window, or use one of the kiosks to print them out.As soon as you walk in then you're right there at the concession stands where they offer a variety of snacks besides just your plain 'ol popcorn and soda. There are libations available for purchase here to enhance your movie-going experience! Afterwards, pass the friendly people at the podium, find your theater, and ahhhhh sit back and relax on your plush recliner. There are WAY too many signs, screen messages, and then a speech gets delivered before the movie begins about not having your cell-phone out. I appreciate the thought, but maybe calm it down a little! However, cell phone usage does distract from the movie itself and it you don't follow the rules then you WILL be escorted out without a refund. I've seen it happen.
5	This is the only movie theatre I go to now! This place has it ALL!! Big comfy seats, alcohol, bratwurst, individual tables to put your food on! Omg! I could go on and on! It's also great that you buy the seat you are sitting in instead of facing a crowded theatre and being forced to sit in the front row. But heck, even if you sat in the front row you'd be comfortable at this theatre! I think it is sooo awesome that the admission price is reasonable. They could probably charge me $20 and I'd still go! Freakin love this place!
3	Watching the premier of X-Men.  We are seating 4th row from the front ( not bad,  its not overwhelmingly close to the screen)  House wine was good.Center Channel Audio goes out during an important part of the dialog.  No one notices in the booth until a patron left the theatre to notify management.
4	If they only have front row seats available consider them sold out. The image was completely distorted. Looked like I was watching a movie were the actors had shrunken heads. Other than that, the theater is great! Super comfy seats and alcohol, hot dogs, popcorn and candy are available. I would definitely go back, but would reserve my seats ahead of time.
5	*Best Theater in Vegas*THE theater to go to in Vegas. Lets break it down.Pros:-Assigned seating so you don't have to worry about getting there early to find good seats-Beer, wine, and bratwursts!-Comfy leather reclining chairs-Ticket prices on par with other, lesser theatersCons:-Its not close enough to where I live!Galaxy easily trumps all other theaters in Vegas. If you are not watching movies at this theater, you are doing it wrong.
3	And I quote..."We are checking women's bags."Sexist, yet understandable still sexist.  This is the theater where the guys have to sneak in the snacks!
5	Best movie theater in Vegas.+ Comfy, reclining, spacious seats.+ Lots of walking space even with the seats fully reclined.+ Plenty of elbow room, especially if you're in the central seats with the double-width armrests.+ Reserved seating mitigates the need to show up extra early for movie premieres.+ Built-in swiveling tray tables for each seat.+ Zero-tolerance policy for cellphone use during movies.- Sometimes it can take awhile for them to clean up the theaters so they won't let you in until 5 minutes or less before the movie start time.Bottom line: My first, and pretty much only choice for movie theaters in Vegas.
5	I love this theater because first, staff are doing their part well and aren't rude. Second, the place is easy to locate and there is enough space for people to park. Third, the food is good and fresh. Fourth, the seats are awesome!!! Overall, it stands for its name, Luxury.
5	Extremely comfortable chairs, huge ice cold blue moon on draft, reasonable prices.  One suggestion;Add bathrooms inside every theater.  Beer makes daddy go potty.  At least twice per movie from the tall beers.
5	I wish i would have found this theater earlier.  This is definitely going to cut down on our movie watching, because we'll wait until it comes here.  Every seat is comfortable even with plenty of room for people to pass.  Without having to stand up like in the regular seating.  Good selection of fresh for movie theater food.  Although we were even surprised coming here that we got an actual "glass" of wine.  Even a bad movie is good here.
5	Favorite movie theater! What can top huge, comfy reclining leather seats & wine while you watch your movie? Came here to watch Xmen in 3D on 5/25/14. Got wine to watch the movie. Fun movie experience. We always get a bottle of wine while we watch. You can also eat on the tray at your seats. I can't stand people kicking my seat & scrambling to the theatre to try to get good seats, so being able to reserve your seats online is super convenient! They even have an app where you can buy your tix/reserve your seats.
5	This is basically the only movie theater I go to now. Five stars because:1. Is there any other theater with recline seats? No 2. Super wide aisles so I don't accidentally put my butt in someone's face while walking by? Lol No.3. Serves alcohol?4. Being able to pick your own seats?5. Order tickets online and NOT have to pick them up at a machine or box office? They scan it from your phone!6. Kick people out if they decide to use their phone?7. Offer new releases the night before and not just midnight showings? All of that in one place?!?! Yes! Then why go anywhere else? The only reason I wouldn't come to this place is if I lived super far, but I'm only about 8 minutes away so it's great!I have to say though, I thought serving alcohol might not be the best idea just because everyone has that one  friend that gets super loud and obnoxious with alcohol but surprisingly, no disturbances since I've been there.Definitely my favorite movie theater and so happy that it's brought back life to the once popular shopping center :)
5	The perfect movie theater. The leather seats are huge, comfortable, and recline so far back that you can practically lay down, and there are even mini tables that swing over the seat for food, drinks etc. There is more than enough space in the aisles between the rows of seats, which is probably my favorite thing, because I hate pushing past people to get to the middle of the row. Along with that the screens are big, sound system is good, and you can preorder the tickets online and even choose your seat! Nothing else really compares, however it is quite far from where I live so I don't frequent this theater as much as I'd like.
5	Geatest theater ever!! You get to pick your seats and the seats recline. Only theater to go to in my opinion.
3	I love the movie theater. I haven't had a bad experience yet: the recliners are extremely comfortable. Probably the number one reason everyone comes to this location. The reason for the 3 stars is the fact that they have a selective amount of movies that play. No horror movies and unfortunately those are my favorites. I believe people who like all genres should be able to come here :)
5	GREAT selection of beer, basic wines, omg comfy seats. Just get your tickets early. I cant go back to a normal theater ever again.
5	I'm not that much of a moviegoer. Therefore, it's not that much of a surprise that I've driven by Galaxy Theaters dozens of times without ever going. I finally got to try this place out last week though.My friends had already bought my ticket ($8.50 for matinee), so I didn't quite get the full experience, but I've read plenty about the ability to reserve seats and seen the web site. They did pretty well and basically picked the middle of the second row up from the entrance level. The screen pretty much fills your field of vision from there.Really comfy seats. They're big red recliners with armrests. Since I was wearing shorts, as one does in hot summer weather, my calves got a little bit sticky as bare skin does on certain materials. Maybe I'll have to brave it with jeans next time.As for the movie itself, the sound was good and video was good. There was a bit of an awkward moment at the start when the lights didn't dim and the video didn't transition from the pre-movie ad circulation to movie trailers, but at least there weren't any raucous people in the theater.Didn't get to try the alcohol selections, but I probably wouldn't drop tha dolla billz on that sort of thing. The comfortable viewing experience is something I'd consider worth the money, and maybe worth the drive if you're not a local.
5	I love coming to this theater.  It's so comfy that it's almost like sitting in your own living room...if your living room had a 4K DFK screen!  I really enjoy the huge recliners, tray tables, and that you can choose your seats online in advance.  There is also a free rewards Club where you can earn free concessions & movie tickets.  The only drawback is that it's hard come here on the spur of the moment due to the smaller than usual number of seats per theater.  If you are seeing a new or popular movie, you are likely to find it sold out or with only front row seats available.  The best seats are in rows J-Z (the last 4 or 5 rows depending on which theater you are in).
5	This is the BEST movie experience I have EVER had in my entire life!! I hate sitting thru movies because of the horrible seating position and the uncomfortableness of the seats. I also hate sitting next to people because the seats are so damn close. Well not here! I didn't even feel the people sitting next to me. If you come here you will never go anywhere else again! The seats are a full leather recliner that kicks back all the way. Watch it though cause its very easy to fall asleep! I love the fact that they do not allow the use of cell phones or talking so you can listen and watch your movie in peace! They will kick you out without refunding your ticket price. Its cold so bring a sweater ladies. It is definitely worth the cost of what you pay and would highly recommend this movie theater before any other!!
5	Favorite Movie Theatre hands down. Reclining leather seats, you canbuy your tickets ahead of time and pick your seats. It makes the whole experience of watching a movie more enjoyable.  Even if you are sitting next to a stranger you have your own "space". They serve alcohol and have a tray that moves so your food/drink is close. Take a blanket as sometimes it is chilly in there but my favorite by far!
5	This place is soooooo cool!! I can't imagine ever going to the movies without reclining chairs! This place is great and i like that they care about people being late. I thought having to reserve your seat was dumb but then I get there and now I understand why they do that! I love it here ! Will definitely be back !!!!
5	Sometimes they suck on seat availability and you can't get into the movie I want to see.  They are worth the trouble because they very comfortable seats and I love the popcorn seasonings.  Also, they have wine.  If you want to get your date a little tipsy during the movie for your together time after the movie the wine can be helpful...
5	Best customer service and best place to watch a movie. It's so comfy and to top it off they serve wine :). I'll be back soon.
5	First choice for movies! Comfy leather seats, nice little table to put all of your goodies or drinks, you can get BEER, and you can reserve your seats. My husband and I like to time it just right where we don't have to watch the previews. I love that they have a NO PHONE, and NO DISTRACTIONS policy or they will kick you out without a refund. Makes movie watching much more enjoyableI do not like their rewards program because you have to have the card with you all the time to get points. Nobody is ever going to remember that so I am not likely to benefit from this :-)I have seen people get upset when the just pop up 30 min before a showing and cannot get seats....I don't recommend just showing up....reserve online at least a day ahead.
5	Finally, a theater experience worth the price of the ticket and concession prices! So many pros: 1. This theater is reserved seating, so you can purchase your tickets online, get there when the movie starts and still have a great seat! 2. The zero tolerance cell phone policy is stated over and over again, in posters, screen ads and again in person by an usher who addresses the audience in person before the previews. I didn't see one single cell phone screen during the movie! 3. The seating!!! The chairs are really wide, leather, clean; and they recline electrically! As your seat goes back the footrest raises up. This is noiseless so you can adjust your position during the movie without disturbing anyone else. And each seat has a large tray table that swings into position over your lap if you like! The armrests are at least 8 inches wide so you don't have to cuddle up to a stranger next to you. 4. Staff was courteous and helpful. While waiting in a fairly long line to have my ticket checked to get into the theater section, a security officer came down the line to check tickets and move the line faster. As I said, an usher addressed the audience before previews, not just to restate the cell policy, but also to explain how the chairs worked. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience and look forward to seeing movies at Galaxy from now on.
5	I love the leather seating and the theater is very clean. The staff is very friendly. I really like their no phone no noise policy. It makes the movie experience so much more enjoyable.
4	I feel like giving this place a bad review simply so I can have it all to myself!This place is awesome.  First movie I watched here was "Gravity" DTS.  The screen was so big and as I was reclined in the big leather seat I felt that I was in space with Sandy B!Highly, Highly recommend buy the tickets hours/days before hand online so you can pick decent seats.
5	I don't ever want to go to another theater!  I have back problems so having seats like they have really helped me out.  That's the one thing that keeps me from wanting to go to the movies at normal theaters.. the bad seating.  The seats here are awesome!  I'[m really short so I feel like I would have people's heads kind of in my way if I was mostly reclined and people had been there.  The popcorn is really good and they have cool flavorings you can add to them.  Some theaters charge like a dollar for the popcorn flavoring but it is free here.  Large popcorn is like $8.25 but it's really big!  The video seems a little dark and the sound isn't that great..  but honestly the chairs alone are worth 5 stars.  Will definitely be going back!
1	I'll update this review when I have the energy to give to such an undeserving establishment and experience. In the meantime please just know I will never return again.  Horrific experience... I received the information to write their corporate office and will update this review when I get a response from there.  In short, they made my 10-year old son cry, falsely accused us of not belonging there after spending approximately $50 to be there with the tickets and receipts up prove it and by the time we proved they were mistaken they actually forced us to leave because them trying to figure out what was going on was causing a "disturbance" in the theatre. No apology, no refund... Only in Las Vegas???? Maybe, but definitely only at this theatre seeing a PG-13 movie with my child.  I'm not sure what kind of profiling you do at a theatre as a rent-a-cop, but the mom and kid minding their business eating your over priced food and drinking your over priced beverages paying for your overpriced movie that they reserved seating for in advance hours ahead of time watching in silence is not your best move.  HORRIBLE.And btw: our reclining chair was broken anyway.
5	$11 for a movie, AND you can get a beer and a good hot dog, AND you get to lay down on a comfy lazy boy and watch a movie---HOW CAN YOU SAY NO?!?!  After coming here, my boyfriend and I can't seem to watch a movie elsewhere.  I just wish it wasn't so hard to catch a movie and still have good seats.  REMEMBER: you can't just walk in and expect to have a good seat.  I suggest going online, buying your tickets, and picking out your seat.  If you walk into the theater, unplanned, you'll be sitting up at the front, and that's not fun, even if you are in a comfy chair.
4	This theater offers all the options!  Movie snacks, alcohol and comfort!  The reclining wide seats are what makes this theater one of my favorites! I enjoy being able to choose your seat when purchasing you ticket, and with the stadium seating and wide aisles, you don't have to worry about someone sitting in front and blocking your view or someone stepping on your toes when getting up.Everyone at Galaxy Theatres of Green Valley is always friendly and willing to help!
5	It is the only way to see a movie anymore. It's got the feel and comfort of watching at home on a much larger screen! And it's just as cheap as any other theatre :)
4	We always love coming to this theater, with the great reclining chairs, tables for your snacks, and great foods, it's always a great experience, Until Sunday......I asked for a small ice water (can't drink soda), the girl kept interrupting me, so I know she wasn't listen.  I paid the bill, she went and got me a bottle of water, I said I ordered a small Ice Water, not a bottle.  So she pulls out this little bitty glass, is this what you wanted with ice in it.  NO NO NO, A small Ice water, equal to small soda glass, you pay for it, it has ice and some type of liquid.  REALLY, is it that hard to figure this out.  She had to get a manager, to refund the 4.75 on the credit card, and then charge me 4.75 for the glass of ICE WATER.  WHICH I do not mind paying for at ALL! PLEASE TEACH YOUR PEOPLE.... ICE WATER IS NOT BOTTLED WATER. If I wanted a bottled water, I would have just brought it in myself. AND TEACH THEM NOT TO INTERRUPT PEOPLE WHILE THEY ARE TALKING! PLUS EVERYTIME we order tickets on line, there is ONLY an attachment once in a while, even though we have logged into our account.    So this stupid mistake on their part,  made us late for movie, then the bad service at the counter, I was really annoyed. Will I go back, Yes, of course, but I will be VERY careful to make sure my food is on the counter as I want it before I give them my credit card.I have noticed they don't have a huge variety of movies, and several we have wanted to see aren't showing in this theater.
4	I recently saw the new transformers here, and I greatly enjoyed the experience. However, I usually go to the Galaxy in Cannery, and seeing that this one had higher ratings I guess my expectations were a little too high. First of all, of course the loungers, the huge screen (DFX), and the booming sound were all perfect! I would never want to see an action film another way. What detracted, and only a little bit, was that the seats in our theater really weren't very staggered. In the Cannery theater, it's like mega stadium seating. In this one, my girlfriend definitely saw the head of the person in front of her in the bottom of her field of vision, as did I. Not a huge deal because the screen is so big, but not as awesome as Cannery. The other thing was that this looks like a very dark older typical theater. The Cannery one is open and nice/modern looking, this one just looks like a modified old regal theater or something. Again, not a huge deal at all, but I still prefer the Cannery theater over this one!
5	If the comforts of a lazy boy and a cold beer don't get you hooked, the friendly staff and mgmt. will.  We don't go anywhere else unless we absolutely have to.I love the idea of selecting your seats ahead of time.  There's no rush to get to the movie early as your seats will be waiting for you,Try it.  You'll like it.
5	I'm a netflix guy and family man so if I'm not watching a movie at home I'm either at Tropicana Cinemas which isn't anything special but the cheapest movie in town for 4 kids who couldn't care less that they are watching older films or, when we can get a babysitter, Galaxy Theatres Green Valley.  Its's like a first class seat on a Boeing 747.    I've never had to sit next to a stranger as of yet even when the computer says the seats are filled but they are so spacious I can't imagine that I would mind.
4	Was on a 3 day trip to Vegas with my 11 yo son. Had to see "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" on opening night. So we took a cab from Mandalay Bay ($28!). This place is quite a  distance from the strip but worth it if you take your movie going experience seriously as I do. We're from LA and stick to Arclight exclusively because of their no-commercials policy. I hate commercials at a movie theater. The staff was very nice and helpful. I love that they threaten to kick you out of the theater if you use your mobile during the show. The recliners were nice and clean. The ticket prices were very reasonable compared to the iPic in LA which is $30 a seat for a very similar experience. My only complaint was that they kept the house lights on during the trailers which made it very hard to see.If you're in Vegas and want a top notch movie experience, check this place out.
5	Loved the reclining chairs! First time I really enjoyed a movie while relaxing felt like I was at home in my living room watching a movie. Will be back!
4	This place is awesome!! I do not see movies anywhere else anymore. I love the reclining seats. I was sooo comfortable when I went that I almost fell asleep in my chair!  The movie we saw was not that great, but the seats made it all worth it. You get to pick your seats, which is cool, so you don't have to rush to get there early to make sure everyone in your party can sit together. You can reserve seats up to 4 days in advance, so you can plan ahead. It is $2 extra to book online so be advised.The first time we came here we didn't reserve our seats and just decided to wing it. We wanted to see Tammy, but unfortunately there were not 2 seats together so we had to wait until the next showing an hour and a half later. Womp womp. Plan ahead people!  We didn't get any food/drink, but the prices are comparable with other theaters. They also have beer & wine! Also if you like popcorn, they have big containers of popcorn seasoning with different flavors. At some theaters they sell the little containers of seasoning for you to purchase, but these are there for you to use at no extra cost.
5	My favorite theater ever! DFX theater has the best picture and sound. Plus you get to sit is a comfortable recliner.
5	This is theatre is the best! I had a great experience. The reclining seats are super comfy and I love that you can  pick your seats prior to arriving.
5	This theater is my favorite. The recliners are very comfy.  I love going here because you can enjoy your movie without dealing with a lot of excess distractions.  They a little more pricy than other theaters, but it's definately worth it.
5	Why have I never gone here before?! Descent price all around from ticket to snack bar. Place was clean and well taken care of. Employees were pleasant and helpful. The chairs..... Absolutely the best way to watch a movie even though I did fall asleep for about the first 10 minutes. Definitely will return again
1	The theaters are great but it has some of the rudest staff I've ever encountered. They couldn't ask anything politely or even keep a professional tone in thier voices. Super unhelpful and EXTREMELY UNFRIENDLY. I cannot even express how unbelievably rude they were to my friend and I. I work in customer service as well and if I had ever spoken to a guest the way these employees spoke to me my bosses would have had a fit. Perhaps some service training is in order for these employees.
5	I can never go to another theater again! This place is awesome. Big recliner seats, several beers on tap. They even let us taste a few beers before deciding what to order. Great customer service. My husband liked his spicey hot dog, there were a few different kinds of dogs plus a toppings bar for nachos. I almost gave it 4 stars because the chairs were so comfortable that the guy next to us fell asleep and started snoring but I can't blame Galaxy for that. I threw some popcorn at him and bumped his chair and the snoring stopped. So a great time over all.
5	After reading the other reviews I can definitely recommend the Galaxy Theater as the best around Henderson. Moving from Orange County CA, as a movie buff I've been to so many theaters there and none compare to this theater! I sampled many theaters in the Henderson area to see what they had to offer in comparison to price, concession offerings and seating and found that the Galaxy was at the top of the list! The reclining seats are the best I've ever been in at a theater. The seats go back as far as you would like and you could go to sleep if desired but I wouldn't recommend it if you are watching a good movie! I can't wait to go back to see another move that is of interest since this is a theater that is the best fine in the area so far!!
5	Truly the best movie theater around. It has the most comfortable seats that recline but still allow you to see the movie from anywhere in the theater You reserve your seats ahead of time so that you're not fighting another group for seats together. It also has amazing snacks and drinks but still remains about the same price as any other movie theater around.I definitely recommend going to this theater at least once!
4	so you've read about those reclining seats already, i'm sure.  let me say that with my bad back, i could sit and ENJOY a two hour movie without any back pain whatsoever.  those seats are so nice and comfy.  and they serve wine.  happy day!  we went to a matinee that cost $8.50 and hardly anyone was in there with us.  got our choice of seats and relaxed.  i thought the previews were overkill and lasted too long.  and the usher's speech about zero tolerance made me feel like i was back in grade school being lectured by the principal.  but i understand their reasons why they have the policy.  i'll be back.  but yeah, you can best believe i will not be stealing a peek at my text messages!
5	One down side is there is never many movies showing..However, the theater is always clean and not very crowded. You can reserve your seats. They serve alcohol and good snacks! The seats are one of a kind, so comfy and fluffy, I've seen people take in blankets!! This theater is for sure worth a visit. You'll never want to go to a regular theater again.
1	I have been reading all the nice reviews about this theater so I decided to go and see a movie. The attendant at the window Hunter was very rude to say the least. I have never been this theater before and did not know that they had assigned seating. So, when I  told him the movie I wanted to see, he just pointed to a computer screen and said in a rude way, "PICK YOUR SEAT AND EVERYTHING IN THE BLUE IS TAKEN." Then he proceeded to stare at me as if to say hurry up. I looked at him and said never mind. Before I could walk away he was already saying next. Not everyone have been to your theater HUNTER. You might wanna ask is this your first visit and explain the assigned seating thing and try to smile when doing so. I will never return to this theater again. Would rather go to a regular theater that has regular no attitude kids working there.
5	Love this place! Best experience at a movie theater- most comfortable seats ever!
5	Love Love Love. It would be very difficult to go back to seeing a movie at a regular theater. They offer wine and beer, which is nice, but the seats are amazing. I always bring out of towners here. They do only offer a few movies and you have to purchase tickets early to get a good seat, but there isn't really a bad seat in the house. Definitely worth checking out.
5	You haven't lived until you see a movie in this movie theater.Booze.Reclining, comfortable chairs.Booze.Same price as all the other "normal" places.Did I mention booze?I try to see every single movie I have an interest in here, and sometimes I have to wait a day or two because I don't like the seats left over for the showing I want to go to.  Assigned seating is a downer but an undeniable, growing reality in this day and age of movie theater experiences.The seats give you PLENTY of leg room and arm rest room - no more battling with your neighbor!  It's always awkward when you have to do that...especially strangers.  There is also ample walking space to your seats even when everyone is reclining back.The closest I've ever sat is the next to front row (B) and I did have to recline all the way back to see the movie.  It was a little uncomfortable, but they were the best seats left since I hesitated a couple of days (The Hunger Games: Catching Fire).Pretty average snacks and beverages EXCEPT FOR THE BOOZE.  It's only beer and wine but still very, very nice.  They have a tasty moscato that I usually double-up on -- the $20 hurts until I drink half of it.  Then it's not so bad.Overall, the screens and sound are pretty standard movie fare.  Everything is kept fairly clean and it is usually easy to find your assigned seating.  The staff has always been pleasant on my visits as well.There is also a Galaxy Rewards program that you can earn points and rewards through should you happen to frequent the theater.  My friend and I went one time and she had a free popcorn available!
5	I love this theater! It changed movie watching for me entirely. There are multiple reasons this theater is so awesome! First, the seating is amazing! They have these really comfortable recliners that you can see the screen pretty much anywhere in the theater. The seats also have a small table for your food, which is a good thing because regal never had this and it's really useful when you order nachos, popcorn, etc. Second, the assigned seating. I love this perk! No more waiting in long lines just to get a good seat. If you buy your tickets early enough you can choose anywhere in the theater to sit. Third, they serve beer and wine! This is  what we've all been waiting for right? Lastly, they have an app for your phone or you can buy on their website. It's only a couple dollars extra and makes it easier than driving to the theater to buy your tickets and pick your seats. My only knock on the place is that it seems like it doesn't have many theaters so they likely won't have every movie you want to see there.I give this theater five stars simply because it costs the same that Regal does with much better amenities.
5	I will never go to a different theater ever again! This place is awesome, friendly, and provides a very comfortable movie going experience. My dad who hates going to movie theaters because of annoying audience members would love it here because the luxury makes sure everyone is courteous throughout the movie. We accidentally reserved the wrong day due to using their app and they were more than willing to help us get seats for the show. I enjoy the reserved seating system so you can get good seats. I will recommend this place to everyone who wants an awesome movie experience.
5	I don't know how I ever saw movies prior to coming to the Galaxy Luxury Theater!  We bring all of our out-of-town guests to at least one movie during their visits because they also love it so much!  My only critique is that for a luxury theater with such great accommodations, their food is so typical.  We love the gourmet hot dogs, but wish there were more gourmet options to choose from.  However, this is a wonderful theater and we will only see movies here!
5	Recliners and alcohol - what more could you want?They're militant about using cell phones as well - you will be removed from the theater for having your phone out.  Prices are the same as any other theater but there are 1/3 as many people since all the seats are recliners.The one thing this place is missing is a few benches in the lobby.  I usually meet up with friends so invariably one of us gets there early and there's no where to sit.Buy your tickets ahead of time on the website because the good seats fill up fast.
3	The seat space and food options weren't what I had expected. The pleather seats made me sweat and stick to them...them I though of how many others had done the same before me...then, I though about the frequency at which the seats are cleaned.  No real complaints other than the seat materials stunk and the seats weren't far enough apart; good movie quality though!
5	Never had a bad experience here, and the 5 stars are for their cell phone policy alone (as in, if you're one of those rude jerks that brings it in the theatre and uses it during the movie, you get booted out, no questions asked- why can't other theatres do this?), but everything else about this place is great- Picture and sound quality, space, comfort, It really has it all (including alcohol while lounging BACK in your recliner- yes, I said recliner, no more lower back cramps!) If you ever have the usual unfortunate experience of an inconsiderate person kicking the back of your chair here, see who it is, they probably play for the NBA and you may get an autograph out of it.
5	Love it! Supper comfortable but be careful about cell phone use they will kick you out no questions asked. They have beer and wine which is nice.  Reclining chairs of courae. I only wish they served dinner.
4	Always wanted go here and BOY, I'm glad I did. The seats...everybody talks about them...fluffy...recline...a lil table with cup holder...super awesome!It's like VIP Status! The space between rows are good. Alcohol...wine...enough said. Haha not very fond of their Hot Dogs though...the buns are extremely huge. Which, I tasted more bread than the weenie. How they serve the hot dog would be like getting a sandwich at Subway...fancy. Ohhhhhhhhh you can pick your seats... My only problem is, its not like "all" the other theaters where you can go and take a chance to purchase tickets for a show. You would have to go online to get tickets!! Good seat are taken, and fast. Tougher for a larger party so I suggest you purchase them way in advance. Oh, the theater size is not big. I always choose the far back row and I can see just fine.Once you hit Galaxy, it's so hard to go back to those uncomfortable chairs.
5	watched guardians of the galaxy here.  I love this place!!!  a huge beer with a super comfortable recliner?  SOLD!!!  the seats were so comfortable.  also loved the popcorn seasons available for free!!!  the theater is clean and didn't smell funky at all.  love being able to have a beer while watching a movie.  almost felt like home.  now I never want to go to any theater ever again.
5	Best Theater ever! Recliners! Beer! Wine! Enough said. The whole family loves this place.
5	1. Often cheaper than the "regular" theaters2. Leather recliners3. Beer4. Bomb nachos5. Friendly staff6. Always clean with unsticky floorsThat is all.
5	I don't see how a movie theater could be any better than this. First of all you can buy your tickets online and choose the seats that you are going to sit in. It makes it so convenient because you can show up right on time and have the seats you want with your whole group sitting together. The seats are all oversized electronic recliners that even when they are fully reclined you are not kicking the back of someone else's seat. They are far enough that people can walk by without the scrunched up oh excuse me scooting that happens in regular theaters. The people that work there are all so friendly. They serve alcohol!Then to top it all off the prices are the same as every regular theater. I really love this theater and I can't really see ever going anywhere else.
5	If you havent seen a movie here......GO. You will not de disappointed. The theater is amazing with HUGE screens, power reclining chairs and plenty of space between rows. The DFX theater is just like the IMAX or XD at the other theaters. They also offer 3D movies as well. Priced right overall and the theater is way above the rest of them out there. I go here to watch movies every chance I get. A+
5	This movie Theater is Amazing and worth the drive. I have only been to the Galaxy Theater over off of Craig road on the north side of town.I love the small cozy and intimate setting of these theaters. I usually see the majority of my movies at the Palms however for fifty cents more why not come here and enjoy a movie on your back :)The chairs are like modern fancy lazy boys that completely recline. The seats are assigned so no rush to show up early to search for good seats like at a regular theater.I like that each recliner has its own table top for your drinks and snacks so you do not have to hold them during the movie. Also you are not rubbing elbows with the stranger next to you.  I really enjoy this experience. I just wish there was one located in the SW part of town.A shout out to my buddy Raymond for taking me here it was a real treat! It is a fun experience indeed!
5	I love this theater. There is zero tolerance for cellphones and smartphones. Patrons are escorted out if caught using a device for any reason once the movie has started. The message of zero tolerance of device usage is made loud and clear by a presentation by a staff and by regular and constant message ads played throughout the preview.The seats are wide recliner type chairs that fully recline. There is a spacious tray at each seat for you to place the popcorn, snacks, and beverage that you wish to consume during the movie. It is a fairly intimate and small theatre. There are about 6 seats per row and only about 8 to 10 rows (I can't remember exactly) in the theatre. The zero tolerance on phones and the seats have cinched this for me, no distractions from someone texting or tweeting around me and it was the most comfortable I've been watching a movie outside of my own home. There is also wine and beer available for purchase. The cost of the snacks is a little higher than most theatres, $4 for a bottle of water, but I guess they have to make up for the fact that they can only seat less than half what a regular theatre will hold. Movie tickets for the matinee were very reasonable, $8.50 for an adult ticket. You can't buy tickets on line but show up a little early so you can pick your seats when you buy them. We ended up on 2nd row in the upper area but I would say that there is really no bad seats in the house.This theater is definitely my first choice if I have to go see a movie.
1	If you have any children, friends or know anyone with special needs, please do not visit or support this theater. Not sure what to say, Galaxy Theaters went from a 4 - 5 star in my opinion to a "zero' if I could give it, in one experience thanks to the the manager, Tamasita Giron. I took my children (6 & 8) and their friend (8) to see the new Turtle movie. My daughter's friend has special needs, and CANNOT drink city water as her stomach cramps seriously, nor certain types of bottled water and always travels with her own special filtered water. Her parents trust me to take her places as I monitor her to avoid issues. She had two specially filtered bottles that we happily showed the "ticket taker" as we entered and advised of the issue. He permitted us to pass though said he would need to talk to the manager. After buying beer, popcorn, candy and snacks ($60), in addition to tickets ($60) we were rudely told by Ms. Giron, after we sat and the movie had started, that we needed to discard the water or leave the theater. I explained the situation, to which Ms. Giron advised me they have "filtered city water" or Dasani, neither of which she can drink, both of which I advised her were not acceptable in our initial conversation, guess she was not listening. I pleaded with Ms. Giron to consider the 8 year old's feelings, to which Ms. Giron advised me "She does not anyone with such an issues (guess she is a doctor) and that my daughter's friend can drink soda, the theater sells soda" and that "their policy was no outside anything, even water, regardless of need, and if we wanted to keep the water would would have to leave as they do enough business without altering their policy". We left. Even my six year old said the "lady" (Ms. Giron) was "mean", that is after the tears from all stopped in that they could not see the new Turtle movie.  Needless to say I will never return to this establishment, nor any Cineplex maintained facility. In the end, the kids saw the new Turtle movie at an AMC, that happily permitted  the water in after we advised of the special situation. Tickets online, reclining, reserved seats and beer will never make up for poor management and discriminatory practices toward children.
5	Going to keep this one short and sweet. Each and every one of the Galaxy Theaters are phenomena, from the wonderfully spaced reclining seats, to the sound system, to the price, to the screen, TO THE WINDOW, TO THE WALL! LolMy favorite theater!!
3	First of all, I do use reclining chairs. Most people rave about the awesome reclining chairs. I, however, am not a big fan. I don't use reclining chairs at home. I don't like the seats because you are much further away from the person next to you. I am a talker, so I prefer to talk during the movies. I don't like to be rude and talk loudly. It's more difficult to talk to someone when are further away.
4	The screens are still small but the seats and space between the rows are amazing.  For a big action movie maybe better on a larger screen where the reclining seats aren't that important, but even if you choose to see it on the smaller screens you will be very comfortable.
5	Electric reclining chairs... boom yeah you got me at that.  No cramped seats or people putting foot on the back of your seat.  You can go into full recline mode and lay down!  Going to ordinary theaters will not be the same.
5	Such a comfy theater. My only tiny rant is it's so cold!!!! But you can bring blankies n pillows!!!! The snack selection is good, plus they have Slurpee machines that work!!! Lol. They also have alcohol.. Clean theaters n clean restrooms. And you don't have to worry about obnoxious, disrespectful people interrupting your experience. Great movie theater overall, wish they had one closer to me... ;)
5	I typically don't go to theatres to watch a lot of movies due to the fact that my back hurts after sitting in those chairs for a while. It's either I need to use someone as a pillow or I curl my legs on my seat. I'm a fairly short gal so when I sit in theatre chairs, my lower back doesn't go all the way to the back of the seat and my feet don't touch the ground ... so I endure a lot of uncomfortable moments during the 2-3 hour long movies. But Galaxy solves all of my personal problems.Finally got to come Galaxy with a friend to watch Guardians of the Galaxy and it must have been the most comfortable experience I've had in a movie theatre. You get your own recliner seat and adjust it to your liking. It also props up your feet/legs so mine don't have to dangle! No pain in my knees!You can buy the tickets online and it's assigned seating. The costs of the tickets costs as much as any other theatre on regular days. You just have to pay a service fee when you order it online, which is no biggie when it's guaranteed, right?! And not some first come first serve thingymabobers. They also have the powder seasoning for your popcorn! I haven't seen those available for free in a theatre since RAVE in Town Square. We didn't get any popcorn when we went though. Was too full from dinner :D but will definitely get some next time just so I can sprinkle some nacho cheese powder all over my popcorn like the good ol days! Overall, awesome experience. Definitely worth.
5	Only theater in town i'd go to.  Comfortable seats and easy parking.  Always reserve your seats online before going, makes things alot easier.
5	Buy your tickets on-line! You select your seats on-line. Avoid the front row...it's too close and a neck killer! This theatre has huge lazy boy reclining leather chairs! They sell alcohol there! Great for a date! Plus the kids will love it too! Put them in their PJs before the show and they'll fall asleep on the way home! Now for you to enjoy the rest of your evening! They have a rewards club card too! We don't go to other theatres anymore!
5	The Galaxy Theater in Henderson is a great place to watch a movie. It's pretty much the only theater my fiance and I go to anymore.
5	Love Love love this theater, the staff is excellent, and  they have the attitude of wanting to be there. The prices are around the same as any other theater but the deal breaker  is the reclinable seats, The seats are the number one reason why i come here. Even though theres a regal cinema closer to my home, i prefer the roomier seats. If your planning on coming here often, i suggest getting the loyalty rewards card, anytime you purchase tickets or anything from the concession stand you get points toward free movie tickets
5	This is called The Galaxy Luxury Theatre!! because it's a luxurious theatre... an upscale, high-end way of cinema viewing! It's one of four theatres located in Nevada with the others located in California (4), Texas (2) & Washington (2) http://www.galaxytheatres.com Cinema viewing has never been this fantastic! Movie-going has gone phenomenally classy:Purchasing tickets at the Box Office upon arrival have no moviegoers lined up Or Purchase online, and get that reserved, assigned seating you prefer Tickets are affordably priced ($8 per person)Big faux red leather reclining seats (your feet up!, body all stretched out! on the seat) with over-the-knees swivel table where your favorite glass of wine or beer and concessions can be placed in front of you for easy grabbing of your favorite swig and nosh while you watchComfy seats which are well-spaced between seats (oh, it would be nice to have two persons in it) Surround theatrical sound to really immerse yourself in the movie  Concession stand with your favorite movie snacks in generous sizes Beer or wine to purchase and take inside the theatre to your personal swivel tableTheatre room smells new leather-like Bathrooms are clean Comfortably nice indoor temperature throughout.... All these for an awesomely fantastic moviegoing experience!I had the opportunity to experience this luxury-ness on an Advance Film Screening of "The Other Woman" in the springtime, compliments of the film's studio production.. If there is The Other Woman, ain't worrying about it if ever it happens in life, but this theatre is "The Other Theatre", I will and anyone will want to see more!!
4	This movie theater  is so awesome it has ruined the average movie theater  for me forever. Beer, wine, and reclining seats made the experience.  They do a good job to remind people to turn off their phone and seating is very comfortable. My only complaint  is that this venue is so great it can be difficult to get seats. You can purchase your seats ahead of time online which I recommend.
5	I love this theater! Ever since my first visit here I have since bought every movie ticket exclusively at this theater. For the same price as a cheaply constructed theater, why not upgrade to fully reclining leather seats? A plus, they do also serve alcohol, which is great for movie nights without the little humans attending. Their strict NO CELL PHONE policy is much appreciated. And the staff is always friendly and pleasant.
4	Love this movie theater! All the seats recline and you get to choose them when you buy your tickets. You can buy wine and draft beer, which is a plus! The Bavarian pretzels are huge and the nachos come with lots of cheese. Only four stars because I just discovered another theater like Galaxy, but better and closer to me! Where you ask...I will never tell!! Muhahahaaa!
5	Awesome movie theater! They serve alcohol and have reclining separated seating! Kick back and try not to fall asleep lol.
4	Comfy comfy comfy.....  Too comfy!!!!  Better be watching great movie or might fall asleep.  Heard a lot of snoring while watching the movie LOLWe had a great experience. Just make sure to go early and pick best area to sit. We enjoy matinee!!!!
5	This is definitely my favorite theatre to go to! Assigned seating so you don't have to be in a rush to find seats, you won't have people kicking your seats behind you since you have the luxury of reclined and comfortable chairs. Every time I've came I've truely enjoyed my experience. Not to mention they sell beer and wine! A N D...  I've never been annoyed with an obnoxious audience here..any other place would either have people on their phone or just loud and dumb. It's a more mature crowd here. Any chance I get to watch a movie here, its a done deal.
3	The recliners are very nice to have. Concessions are ok. Alcohol for sale if that's your thing. The bathrooms are tiny. They clearly put all the money in the theater itself for the recliners w/tables. This place is located in the hood. I went there once and most of the people were ghetto. Not worth the higher pricing in my opinion. GVR is better.
5	This theater is awesome! It's all the little things like quicker service, shorter hallways, smaller rooms and so much more that make for a great experience. If you need handicapped spots you can't order online. If you call the number you get a recording. Ask at the location. They sell alcohol and nachos! Ticket prices are not crazy and you get reserved seating. Way better movie experience than any other theater around. They have one more location way up north. I've heard they are opening one up in Summerlin.
5	Price is just a $1 or $2 more than the regular cinemas but it's super worth it. Just make sure you buy the tickets and reserve your seats online 'cause they are limited.
4	I am the type of person that normally hates going to the movie theater.I was surprised at how much I really liked this place. The seats are larger and have a power recline so you can lay all the way back. The place was clean and the bathrooms were really clean. The only downside was the price of items inside. I didn't mind the $11 per ticket price for movie but spending $20.00 on a small popcorn, medium soda and hot pretzel is a little extreme.  If they lowered the prices I would give them 5 stars !
5	This movie theatre is so awesome.The seats are super huge and comfortable and they recline. With foot rests! Seriously, sitting in their seats is more comfortable than sitting in my living room. The seats also come with big trays that move from side to side so you can hold your drinks and snacks and easily get to them or get them out of your way.You can buy your tickets online and reserve your seat ahead of time - no more getting early to the theater or getting stuck in the front row!Ticket prices are average: $11/adult + $2 to order online.They have a full bar! Best of all, they're close to my house.Watch a movie on the big screen, laying back in a super comfortable chair with some popcorn and a glass of wine....that really is as good as it gets!
5	Love going to movies at this place. The problem...It makes you never want to go to a regular theater again. I always look here for my movie. If not here, I don't go. The cleanliness has never been a real issue. When they are really busy, it gets bad. Normally, great. Staff great. The thing I like most is before the movie starts, they remind you numerous times to turn off the electronics. If they catch you using them, they will immediately throw you out. No refunds. My kind of a place. If you are going to be an obnoxious jerk...go elsewhere. This place is for real and we love it!!!!!
5	Clean, friendly, comfortable loved it! Except when the strange lady came into the theater and started giving her speech, I thought we were in trouble! Awkward but fun!
5	First I'd like to start by saying I LOVE THIS MOVIE THEATRE.......I've been to this theatre several times.  Today I went to see Interstellar which was an awesome movie.  This theatre is every bit of a 5 star as you can get from the moment you walk in.  The employees are almost like your personal butlers and waitresses.  Super nice and helpful they are in my Yoda voice. This is the first movie theatre I've been to that serves beer. (At the price of 9 dollars)  Theres not any other movie theatre I can think of that gives you free refills on popcorn and drinks after the initial purchase.  I could really go broke at the concession which the selection of goodies.  Once inside the theatre the seats are awesomely large and recline with the push of a button.  There are swivel trays to hold your goodies.  I love going to movies on Mondays because there are not many competitors for seats so we like to reserve the seats where no one can sit on the side of us.  Today I had the thought of bringing a blanket because it was a little chilly outside and inside the theatre.  Next time I will though.Honestly I can't see myself going to another theatre as long as I have the time to go to this one.  New movies sell out faster here so you have to go online or go reserve your tickets quick.  Be prepared to spend some big buck especially if you buy from the concession.  Tickets for 2 are around 20 bucks and refreshments are anywhere from 20 to 30.  If you like beer add another 10 bucks to it.  It gets expensive pretty quick but its well worth it.  That'll be all.
5	This place is the best to watch movies, comfy chairs, and serves alcohol. Oh you know, so relaxing!! Location is clean as well. Kids love the seasoning for the popcorn.
5	I went to see a kid movie and I took younger suckers with me and let's just say I was not only super comfy and the kids couldn't really disturb or bug anyone. Hate that there is assigned sitting since you don't always get what you want and sometimes it's crowded. I really enjoy having my own personal space and place is super clean and organized. Worth the money if you willing to see good movies!
4	I am officially spoiled by this theater, we tried going back to a regular theater after we had been to Galaxy and I swore I wouldn't be back, I wasn't even close to being comfortable...especially someone with back problems, this theater makes things so much better. Staff is always pleasant and friendly. Theater and bathrooms clean. Be sure to sign up for their club card if you go to the movies a lot. Love that you get to pick your seat, sometimes if you are not a preplanning type of person you may get a bad seat selection, we end up waiting for another day.Now their popcorn could be better. Of all the times we've been to this theater only once was I happy with my popcorn. Not sure if it's low quality or it sits too long. We have never gotten cocktails, I usually have to go the bathroom enough without adding alcohol to the mix.This is our go to theater as of late.
5	I am so spoiled here! I love the reclining seats, the little table thing it comes with and the bar for my boyfriend! The service is good for a movie theatre, food options compared to the bar isn't the same though, just normal movie food! (Wouldn't that be cool if it was Noodles and Company style restaurant that served lunch and dinner ?! I wouldn't be able to go a week without it!!) 11$ for adults and the best way to go about it is go online before hand and pick your seats! You get better seats that way because they are assigned! I love this place definitely recommmend
5	Watching movies will never be the same...Upon entering, the theater was very clean and looked brand spanking new. The seats...ugh....so soft, and they're not your typical recliner. You can adjust how far you recline with an electronic switch on the right side of the seat. The mini swing out table gives you just enough room to eat and drink comfortably. Before the movie started, one of the employees gave directions on how to operate the chairs and made it clear that they do not tolerate cell phone usage during the film. Anyone caught using their phones will be asked to leave without a refund. Make sure to check their actual website for show times! My boyfriend and I were about to watch a movie for a time we saw on fandango, but when we got to the box office they said that the specific theater had been rented out.
4	Great theater, would have been 5/5 but website would not let me buy tickets. The screen would never load. Also they do not serve sour patch kids. Again, no sour patch kids....WTH?
5	Went to see Interstellar with family, again there is no other theater that even come close to what Galaxy has to offer.
4	Best theater on the east side of Vegas. Great service, comfortable seats and great sound.
5	Great customer service - the staff that serves wine and beer is super accommodating. Just the fact that you can order wine and beer is beyond cool.The seats are amazing.They take their no-phones-during-movie policy extremely seriously - this is cool but also funny how seriously they take it.
5	This theater made me want to go back to the movies.I hate going to the movies, and I never go, but maybe once every three years. I won a gift card to go here and took my daughter to see Mocking Jay pt 1.Let's compare this theater to normal one's shall we?- assigned/reserved seats you get to pick-automated reclining Lazy boy style seats with footrest-swivel tables on your chair for snacks-beer,wine, upscale food bar alongside your nachos, hot dogs, and popcorn stand-prices of tickets and food are same as anywhere!It's worth the drive, why would you go anywhere else? lol
5	Love the big seats, the recliners, the reserve seating! And catch the first show, might not have anyone else in the theater!The strict policy of no cell phones is nice and even a disturbing neighbor isn't a problem!They offer wine and beer even first showing! The popcorn has four flavors you can use to season free! Good place to get comfortable and catch a good movie!
1	The lady next to me talked through the whole movie and the best the theater would say was for me to leave and get passes for a future showing...which couldn't even be the same day since seats are reserved in advance.....bad experience!
5	The most comfy chairs! I love the assigned seating and the fact that they'll kick you out if you're on your phone during the movie. The staff is always really nice and helpful.  If I ever want to see a movie by myself, the galaxy theaters are always my first choice because the big chairs don't make you feel like you're in somebody else's personal bubble.
5	Galaxy theater is the only place I will watch a movie! Unless I'm out if town. Cannery location is less likely to sell out of good seats compared to the Green Valley location. If it's your first time watching a movie here, I highly recommend purchasing tickets IN ADVANCE. Purchase your tickets online the morning of or the day before you visit the theater and print them at the kiosk.
1	I have a movie theater within a mile of my house but we pay extra and drive fifteen minutes to go to the Galaxy.  Today ended that.  I waited in line for about ten minutes for snacks and literally the lines (none of the four) emptied (even though they were waiting on only one party) and I was the next person waiting to be served.  Yet, the issue is that the attendant at the end, instead of taking me next, took a man that had just walked up.  I mentioned to the attendant that we had been waiting about 10 minutes and that it would be nice if he would take us first as we would be late for our movie.  Instead of accommodating us, he turned to the gentleman that had just walked up and said, is it okay if I take them.  The man did not answer.  So the attendant told us 'no'.  I walked back to the center and continued waiting.  If this wasn't bad enough, the two attendants working directly in front of us just walked off without telling us they were going somewhere.  Finally, I had to ask the lady filling the popcorn machine if she would help us.  She did quit what she was doing, washed her hands, and waited on us.  I told her about my frustration.  She could have cared less.  I asked her to talk to the manager - she didn't.  I am one week post-op and my weakness should have been quite obviously to all around.  I felt like this theater hires young kids that don't have any training in customer service. I didn't see anyone that looked older than 18 working.  Well, if all of that wasn't bad enough, the movie theater was so cold I was shaking (and I had on leggings and a sweater in addition to my clothing).  I won't be back.
4	Great theater with comfy recliner chairs!  Bring a blanket for added comfort and warmth!  Beer & wine served. Tip:  always book early as seats will sell out.Suggestion:  it would be nice to have one of the theaters for just adults.
5	I loved it. Big comfy seats that recline, wine and beer available. Great atmosphere to enjoy a good movie.
5	Excuse me while I sign a few autographs and get my free massage, because now that I have gone to the Galaxy theater, I will only be accepting movie star style service from here on. Normal schlumpy theaters need to back off! I will only have leg room, padding surrounding my entire body and an interruption-free environment!Lounge in a recliner, drink your booze and watch a movie in wonderful blissful silence. This theater has a strict "no tolerance" policy for noise, talking and cell phone use. That's right... those pesky boneheads get tossed out on their rude little butts! Talk about paradise. Be forewarned though... the seats are super comfy, and have holders for all of your tasty treats.... You may doze off. The policy for sleeping for your movie: non-refundable. So power down a red-bull if you feel sluggish or sip a diet cola.... Zzzzzz's equal no fun for anyone.
1	My family of 7 went to the "Luxury" Galaxy Theater in Green Valley....ticket prices are fair for a night time movie and the very comfy seats.The staff and the cleanliness of the so called "Luxury" Theater was beyond disappointing. I used the restroom a few times..the front restrooms as well as the ones located by the actual rooms.  They were disgusting!!! In both restrooms you had to look through 4 to 6 stalls to find a CLEAN TOILET!!! Talk about Cring!!! Sooooo Gross!!I even mentioned it to the employees two times and nothing was ever done.At one point I came out to go to the concession stand and all the employees were talking and goofing off with the Security Guard in the hall. They are the laziest and most unprofessional employees I've ever encountered. No work ethic at all. How about cleaning a bathroom instead of goofing off on the clock!!! Not sure if I'd ever go back or recommend this theater to anyone! Very disappointed after spending almost $100 on tickets for this crappy experience.
