1	Let me just start off by saying that I love buffets.  I've tried them all, from the Rio's Carnival to Red Rock's Feast buffet.  I rarely find a buffet that doesn't impress me, but that is just what happened at Studio B.  It started off just fine, my girlfriend and I got in line and when we came to the cashier she was real nice. We got our discount for using our players card and got in line to be seated and saw the decor of the buffet and it looked real nice. We were then taken to our seat near a window with a nice view of the city.  Nice.  That was the extent of my satisfaction with this buffet.  I head to the buffet and I like to scope out all the different types of foods. I first notice that there were no signs above the areas stating the type of culture the food was (i.e. Some places will have a sign or something saying 'AMERICAN' or 'KOREAN').  So I figured I would just have to rely on the signs with the food stating what each item was.  There were none.  Nothing to let me know what food was what.  Didnt know if I was putting Mandarin chicken on my plate or Mongolian pork. Didnt know what the pastas were because there were no labels.  No labels for the soups.  I just had to assume I knew what I was doing.  So, I grab a few familiar foods (can't go wrong with white rice) and head back to my table, only to find people sitting at it.  Huh? I see a waitress and ask her what the deal was and she said they moved us.  Moved us?  WOW! Thats new to me.  So I sit down and our waitress asks what we want to drink, we order 2 diet cokes and begin to eat.  About 10 minutes later (which in Las Vegas buffet time is an hour) I see our waitress loaded with drinks strolling around with a dumbfounded look on her face as to what drinks go where.  She begins to hand off drinks to various tables and with 1 drink left passes by our table when I ask her where our drinks were.  She says 'Oh diet? Ok take this one.'  She gives us her leftover that she couldnt find...and the soda was flat. Now for my second plate.  I want meat so I go to the carving station and look at what they have.  I see the turkey and I approach and ask for a couple of slices (Note: I LOVE Thanksgiving, I love turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy and all that).  I get a couple of slices and look around....um...where's the turkey gravy?  To my chagrin, the cook tells me there is none.  WHAT? You have turkey but no gravy??? 'Ya', replied the cook, 'I don't get it either'.  So what am I supposed to drench my stuffing with...wait...there's no stuffing either?  Thats right.  No turkey gravy. No stuffing.  Just dry turkey.  And the mashed potatoes are in a completely different area.  I ask the cook had anyone else asked about there being no labels with any of the food and his response was 'Yesterday just about everyone asked that'.  Now I'm losing hope. Finally, I begin to make my way to the dessert area which is a line like you would see at a cafeteria.  50% of it was flan and when finally reaching the only thing that looked appealing, the gelatto, I asked for some.  The lady presented my scoop and instead of asking, 'Anything else' or 'Is that enough' or anything to the sort, instead she RUDELY tells me to please me along.  I felt like I was in the Soup Nazi episode of Seinfeld.   Funny thing is I had to backtrack the line just to get to the toppings!!! We ate dessert and left for home.  But it doesnt end there.  Our total was about $34 dollars for the both of us after our discount.  However, when we got home and my girlfriend checked her online statement, they had somehow charged her $41!  Ugh...So now we're trying to get this fixed.  All in all, this was the WORST experience I have ever had at any buffet and if it was possible to give it zero stars for wasting my time I would.  Mr. Marnell wants to cut down on outsourcing to other owners and adding multiple investors in his property to ensure better customer service but last night felt more like he was cutting corners.  I do NOT recommend this buffet to anyone.
4	Tried the breakfast buffet this morning. After picking up the girl from work ( 5:30 am ) decided to hit the M Resort. put some $$ on the craps table ( btw - great group of employees at the craps table .) I wasn't even there 5 minutes ( shared my oyster bar experience, opinion on the resort, etc. ) when the floor guy offered to cover the buffet . The place opens at 7:30, we hit it at 8. Very few people eating. I like the look of the place - circular design with a very large two-sided buffet line almost the entire diameter of the space with a portion of the radius too ( can you picture this geometry geeks ?!?! ) There's a portion of the dining area providing a nice few of the strip/vegas valley. A rather large tv/video screen area on the surrounding radius wall that advertises the resort, provides the dinner buffet menu and food facts - ,kinda neat. The food - not a huge selection, but decent ( cost - i believe $7.50 ) The highlights - carved to order smoked bacon - very good ! in the pastry section they had fruit fritters - crunchy outside, moist inside - had a rich taste to it - EXCELLENT ! The mexican foods - nice spice, good flavor ( enchiladas and the smoke sausage ) Service - very good but the place was slow. lowlights - no id cards for the food items ( but there's a large # of employees to ask what's what ) no pineapple - I LOVE FRESH PINEAPPLE no desserts - but they were getting them ready for the lunch buffet - why you gotta tease me ?!?!? I loved the list of foods for the dinner buffet - i will definitely try soon !
4	Overall, this is a solid "local" casino buffet.  The layout is extremely well done, the decor is up to par with the rest of the casino, and the large tv display added a nice touch to the overall feel.  There are a ton of food choices.  The food itself was hit and miss; some of it was very good while some was fairly blah.  But with so much to choose from, you can easily fill yourself up with items that you truly enjoy.  The beer and wine station is definitely worth an extra star by itself (that's why I'm giving it four).  The desserts are also of good quality.
5	I'm a little surprised at the low rating for this place, maybe the regular buffet is different.  We came for the Seafood Dinner Buffet that they have on Friday and Saturday nights.  This is the best buffet in Vegas at the moment in my opinion.  The quality of the food is very high and the price is very reasonable ($18-20 depending if you have player's card).  They have all the "expensive" things that people look for at buffets:  Prime Rib, King Crab Legs, Cocktail Shrimp, Sushi including Sashimi (which I've never seen at any buffet), Raw Oysters, and of course the beer and wine station.   The decor and layout of the buffet is pretty nice, with plenty of space between tables.  The line to get in is extremely long which can be expected since this place just opened a couple of weeks ago, but honestly that probably will not change in the future for the Seafood buffet given the high quality of the food and relatively low price.  If you can go early or don't mind the lines, then the Seafood Dinner is the best buffet in town.
5	Studio B Buffet was GREAT. First of all, just like Paolo D. mentions, the decor is awesome. Very modern and very nice. I also liked the tables - very minimalistic yet nice looking, not the usual plain boring seats you see at restaurants. One of the things that first astonished me was the free, unlimited wine and beer. I have never been to any other buffet that offers this. Heading to the food line, I was surprised to see how much food there was. The food line was very long and offered everything such as American, Italian, Greek/Mediterranean, Italian, Meats, Chinese, Mexican, Japanese, etc. Most of the food I tried was excellent. Some of it was okay, but that's understandable since it would be hard to have every item out of so many to taste great. I particularly liked the several fishes I tried and also the baked salmon at the cutting station. The sashimi and salads were also great.Last but not least, I loved the dessert options. I tried the creme brulee and chocolate gelato.. yummy. If you're looking for a new buffet to try out, check out the Studio B Buffet. I definitely want to go back next time.
5	Stunned at some of the low ratings for this buffet.The wife and I tried it on a regular Tuesday evening (non speciality night) and it was probably the tastiest food I have ever eaten at a buffet in Vegas.Not as huge of a selection as places like Carnival World at Rio, but the food at M's buffet is tasty while retaining some subtlety. Much of it could be regular restaurant food rather than buffet fare.Desserts were terrific - someone else reports that "most of it is flans" - actually some of the things that look like flans are Creme Caramels, so it can appear this way.  I love the way the desserts were tiny so you could portion it out how you like without taking a huge slab of something just for a bite or two.Add all this to the friendliest, most polite staff I have ever met in this city and the whole package is a total winner.My only warning - as we were leaving at around 5:30 (we ate early) the queue had become miserably enormous - plan to dine early or expect a long wait. There's a lot of coupon books out and about and it's the first few weeks so I'd expect things to settle down eventually.Edit 1: Happily M have instigated a sort of "fast pass" system where you can get a ticket for half-hourly batches allowed into the buffet and return at that time. This way you can go off gambling and come back to only a short wait at your designated time. A good way of dealing with the monster lines this excellent buffet is attracting as the word gets around.Edit 2: A few people have commented about the lack of labeling of the different dishes. Most dishes are now labeled. Pretty much everything but the biggest no-brainers are identified. I like how M is actively correcting minor issues such as this to keep things perfect.Update: It had to happen - M has raised the price of this buffet by four bucks for lunch and dinner - not sure about breakfast. It's still a great deal especially for lunch. I'd prefer they put up the price a bit than reduce the quality.
5	I love the variety of food they have here. So yummy. I especially appreciate the different types of shrimp dishes they serve. All are very tasty. The dessert selection is pretty awesome, too. I love the gelato and the molten chocolate cake.  A cool tip is to try to show up right before 4 and pay the lunch price. They don't have a silly rule like other buffets and kick you out before they serve the dinner menu. Why not save the extra bucks?Overall...How can you complain when beer and wine is included in the price? The cider is to die for. You basically get your money's worth when you come here. Therefore, I will definitely be back again.
3	This new establishment is truly a growing one as not only for their popularity but the staff's experience.We had gone here for Easter Sunday lunch which quickly turned into Easter Sunday dinner when they announced that there would be no more seating until 4pm.... it was 1:50p. No problem, it was busy on Easter Sunday... we'll hang out and come back then. When we got back, we waited in the "seating" line for another hour and a half. We didn't get to sit and eat until 5:30p. The staff was not at all accommodating to the impatient patrons in line and often looked super confused when gathering the next group to sit.Aside from that, the food was good. King crab, kalbi, oysters, and a large selection of desserts with gelato are among of the nicer choices you don't see at most buffets. Food was a high 4.... hostess service was a 1... server service was a 4. westside
4	What pissed me off before I even sat down:I like to leave my waitress a tip after enjoying a wonderful meal and great service. Yes, even at a buffet I believe in good service.  Anyways, when I paid for 3 adults for this wonderful buffet, the cashier asked me to include tip.  I hadn't even sat down yet or anything. I left $5 on my tab and made it an even $65 or something like that. Anyways, I was upset when she said, "OoOoOoh, that's it? $5 bucks?"  I was like well DAMN. Who are you to say how much tip I should leave? I told her that I would leave more tip on my table if I felt it was deserved. She rolled her eyes at me and told my party to just wait in line because there wasn't really a table ready for us. I was pissed. STUPID WITCH!! Where do you get off asking someone for more of a tip like that?!? If she were the one recieving the tip, I would have taken it back completely from her. STUPID!!! What I loved:The service was great. Our waitress was pinay. So, the tagalog/english= taglish came in handy!! She was very sweet. She made suggestions to us that were just wonderful.  She was very nice to check on us as often as she did. She cleared our table constantly and even made a few special trips to bring us clean plates. That was really nice of her. I was lucky to have made it here before the huge Easter Sunday brunch people. I read Terrance M.'s review and just thought to myself, I'm so glad that I went the day before. There are so many different things that you can enjoy at this buffet. Not only is there an all you can drink beer and wine station but there are tons of different options.  There are seafood salads, thai salads, japanese veggie salads, kim chee, fruit salads, fruit stations, omlette bar, breakfast item stations, meats, cheese stations, seafood stations, etc.  There was food as far as the eye could see. There were desserts too. The stations were always busy with people picking up their favorite items.  The sushi chefs were busy preparing a variety of rolls.  The omlette station guy was makin' everything from veggie omlettes to denvers and some others that were just 100% protein.  The assortment of food seemed endless. This is the ONLY buffet that we visited during our one week or so stay in Vegas. It was so worth it. We wanted to stop here again for this buffet but we just didn't make it. The crab legs were to die for.  They were warm, and on my plate, were swimming in a tepid pool of drawn butter.  It was so tasty. The meat was fresh, sweet and so delicious.  THe applewood bacon looked more like ham and was just wonderful. I don't know what more to say. It was like heaven on my plate and in my tummy.
5	So I've come to this buffet 4 times, twice for lunch and twice for dinner, since it's opened and have absolutely loved it each time.  I'd definitely recommend going for the lunch buffet as I don't see much difference to dinner other than a few seafood additions like sashimi and baked salmon at the carving station.  I'd get there early if your a local, 11a for lunch, 5p for dinner otherwise you'll be standing in line for a good 45min-1hour.  Highlights:Free Wine and Beer - I'd recommend the M CiderDesert Station - gelato bar, cappuccinos, espressos, lattes (hazelnut, vanilla, marshmallow, and about 6 other flavors), some of the best chocolate covered strawberries but only saw it during Wednesday dinner (?)*note: you can only get 1 gelato, coffee, or alcoholic beverage each visit in line so don't try to grab a bunch for everyone at your tableFoods: excellent variety and most are surprisingly fresh for a buffet.  I always get the NY Steak, Caprese Salad, Ratatouille, Babaganoush with Cheese Bread, Pad Thai, and White Clams.Price: 10.95 lunch, 17.95 dinner for Mon-Thurs.  Additional $2 off if you sign up for the iMagine Rewards card.  Currently the best buffet deal in Vegas.Service:  very accommodating and friendly
4	I came here on my last trip to Vegas and I have to say that I'm pretty impressed for what you get considering the amount you are paying. The service was pretty nice and there's just so much food...so it's best to not get too much of a single thing until you have tried it all.Their ice cream is pretty good too. I didn't really get a chance to try their desert though, but it looked pretty good anyways. You'll basically find all types of food here from Mexican to Asian to the normal American stuff. Good price and good food.
3	The room is quite attractive and the quality of the food ranks well above other locals buffets we have visited, but a notch down from the ones at Bellagio and Wynn. Wine and beer are included so I chose a cabernet sauvignon (1*) for myself and on a return trip a merlot (3*)  for my wife. Menu items one or both of us sampled with ratings: Shrimp (tiny) - 2Sushi - 2Seaweed salad - 4Steamed green lip mussels in a butter sauce - 2.5Black mussels in a tomato sauce - 1.5Duck breast - 2Assorted cheeses - 2Shrimp tempura - 3Beet salad - 3Marinated veggies - 3.5Assorted olives - 3Sweet potato casserole - 4Popcorn shrimp - 2.5Sweet potato tempura - 3Catfish in a cream based sauce - 3Kohlba ribs - 3.5Tomato & mozzarella salad - 2Macaroni & cheese - 5Bok choy - 4.5Baked salmon -4.5Malala gelato - 4Creme brulee - 3Flan - 3Lemon tart - 3Fruit and custard - 4.5Coconut gelato - 2.5French vanilla cappuccino - 4.5
5	Lives up to the hype!  Even though I was only in Vegas for a short weekend, I had tried all the Strip buffets and wanted something new and different.  I looked up online that the M Resort has a free shuttle from the Fashion Show Mall, which happened to be located to the Trump building we were staying at, so we decided to give it a shot for a Saturday brunch.The shuttle ride was a comfortable 15 minute ride from the Strip, and took us to the resort (which is pretty much close to not much else).  We first went to get a player's card to snag the $2 buffet discount (hey, I'm Asian and cheap), and then went to the buffet.  We were surprised there was such a short wait at 12:30pm on a Saturday, but we didn't complain.Saturday and Sunday brunches are $22.95 with the discount; the price goes up $2 or $3 at 2:30pm, when they consider it a "seafood buffet."  The afternoon choices were ridiculously plentiful, and most importantly - GOOD!!  While there were some "okay" dishes, the overwhelming majority of our picks were just as good as some restaurant fare.  Everything tasted fresh and made of good ingredients.  My personal faves include the Thai dishes (penang curry beef had a nice amount of heat, surprising for a buffet!), the spicy tuna rolls, and the warm (!) crab legs.  The dessert shop had tons of really delicious choices, including 12+ flavors of gelato....it was nice to get a scoop and wander around the casino afterward.  I hear that when it switches to "seafood dinner," for the $24.95 price tag you also get grilled to order halibut, alaskan king crab legs, large steaks, etc.  If I hadn't just eaten my weight in food, I would've hung around to see what came out next.Another huge perk: All you can DRINK beer and wine is included in the low buffet price!  I enjoyed the M Cider but then switched over to 5-6 glasses of the Thomas Kemper Root Beer on tap.  I saw lots of other guests just swigging glass after glass of booze....why get drunk at the hotel bar when you can drink your sorrows away at the buffet line?So even though we had to hang around the casino for an extra hour before our return shuttle arrived, we definitely thought the buffet was worth the side trip and drive down from the Strip.  If it weren't for the fact the shuttle times didn't work out, we would've found a way to go there for Sunday brunch before our morning departure flight!  The food here may not be as overly creative as Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian, etc. but its taste and value makes this the hands-down casino buffet winner!
4	My friend told us to come here (though it's a 10 minute drive from the strip). Totally worth it. All you can drink beer and wine (good selection too). As well as crab legs, clams, prime rib, sashimi (albacore, tuna, salmon). I thought the sashimi was one of the freshest I've eaten at a buffet. Prime rib wasn't as juicy as some other buffets but still pretty good. They have a barista that brews coffees, mochas, etc, as well as a gelato selection. I got the mango flavor and it was SO good! From the dessert selection I got the fruit tart, chocolate pudding, tiramisu, chocolate eclair, and sugarless chocolate cookie; however, the only dessert worth getting is the chocolate pudding.It's $26 per person (excluding tax). Totally worth your money. We had to wait about 1.5 hours (because we went during dinner rush) to eat, but I thought the food selection was worth it too. Don't get tricked by the "queue card". They basically write your name and tell you to come back at that time, but you still have to wait in line. So if you're already in line and they offer the card, don't get it.
4	endless beer and wine at a buffet?!?! that's one of the best ideas i've ever heard of!!!pretty damn good buffet for the price! and if you sign up for the players card, you get two bucks off every time you dine.  other than that, the only no-no i found is that it's off the strip (but that can be a plus too) and they didn't have fries. i dunno but i always love buffet fries, or just knowing i can have as much as i want. the pime rib was pretty good, and the sausage dishes had awesome flavors! one with apples, one with sauerkraut, another with sun dried tomatoes or something like that, mmmmm.crab legs and shrimp are always a hit in my book. i also tried some sashimi, which i normally don't do at buffets, but this one was pretty good. they also had baked mussels, which had the best fatty flavor of mayo on top. but too much of that though and i'd gag. i also tried the pad thai, which tasted better than i expected.the dessert area looked impressive too. i had some pistachio ice cream which was good and a fruit tart, which i could've eaten 10 if i wasn't so full from the rest of the food.
5	I have dined here at least two times already. I absolutely love the prime rib and crab legs!!! I enjoy the wide variety of international foods they offer! Japanese, Italian, American, Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, and so much more! but where is FILIPINO?? They should have some adobo or at best.. diniguan!!! yum!! but I have yet to try it all!! They even have pho!! Love the dessert selections and the gelato. Love the fact that they have a bar in the buffet... even more... they serve drinks like long island ice tea for only $4 at certain times of the day.I would definitely come back here agian.
4	Eaten here 3 times - 2x regular dinner buffet, and once brunch-transitioning-to-seafood-dinner.  Two times were on free coupon.  The prices have gone up ~$4 higher since the opening, but still a great deal.  I took my dad here for the brunch/seafood dinner.  The M is a great place as it is.  The buffet is sensory.  The service is decent.Here is the "skinny" (haha): multiple ethnic cuisines.  Lots of variety.  Spectacular displays.  Carving station.  Bread + roasted garlic = heaven.  Unlimited house wine and beer.  Soups, Asian salads, lots of condiments (like chopped peanuts, limes, cilantro, basil, etc).I recommend: pad thai, top it with extra peanuts, bean sprouts and CHILE sauce mmm, the panang is outstanding with white rice, yummy sweet potato tempura.  Kalbi is HUGE.I have never been an oyster person and I grew up on the gulf coast.  Had my first oysters ever at Veloce Cibo in March.  Unlimited oysters, shrimp, steamed and chilled crab...so I did get my fill here.  Dessert: the only negative is that they run milk and white chocolate fountains but they are behind the counter and more like displays.  You can't seem to get any chocolate from anyone.  Good news: my dad is diabetic and got a host of sugar free desserts when he asked.  Gelato is very good too.UPDATE: returned 7/5 for seafood buffet.  My mom asked a chef how she can get access to the chocolate fountains.  He told her to wait and delivered white chocolate dipped strawberries to the table!!!  By the way, the panang is still amazing, the tempura sweet potatoes, the pad thai, the oysters, the salmon sashimi...still delicious!!!!
4	My friends and I decided to check out the Seafood Buffet around 3pm on a Saturday. The cost was $25 a person with a $2 discount from the Players Card. This cost also includes all you can drink wine and beer from tap like Cidar, Bud, etc.I was very impressed with the selection and taste of the food here. I was really surprised how good the Thai food was, especially the Pad Thai, the curry, and the Panang Beef. Yum! The dessert section was also very exceptional. Can't go wrong with the creme brulee and gelato. What was also very good was the Pistachio Meringue. OoOooo!Will definitely come out here to eat again!
5	Love...love....love this buffet!! I have only gone for lunch so far (and never waited in line at lunch time), and don't worry, the selection at lunch is great and extensive.  And for $12 with your players card, it's a steal!! I am big fan of their pastas, roast beef, and lemon chicken. The desserts are incredible too (cheesecake and fresh baked cookies....yummy!) The service is great, there are what seems to be dozens of chefs working to ensure that fresh items are always available, and the decor is very warm and modern. And now for the best part...the reason I go....ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER, WINE, AND CIDER!!!I love the cider...it's all I drink when I'm there and it is crisp and delicious! It's worth the price of the buffet itself!
4	Omg, I think I'm in love with this buffet!  I actually came here twice! LOL i know!  My boyfriend's grad weekend, we decided to take him here and of course I let him pick all the places to eat! After coming here the first time for brunch, he liked it so much that he wanted to make a trip to here again before we left.For brunch, we came on a Sunday, the price was $25 a person.There's so much variety here!  The quality is pretty good too! My favorite is the thai food. I was skepitcal that it wasn't going to be really good thai food but it comes pretty close! my favorite is their green curry! It's pretty spicy too!I literally got a bite of everything here. I was so stuffed.  But I had a system, I would only take one bite of whatever I got and moved onto the next item!What I also love about this place is that wine and beer are included! I loved their cider! My boyfriend loved their root beer! They have the thomas kemper root beer there! Their dessert, omg, I liked all of them! This place is really great! I did knock down a star because it's off the strip!  It's a bit of a drive!  You need a car to get here! Don't even think about cabbing it! =(
5	Lots of CLAMS! PANICOTTA! MEAT! SHRIMP! BEEF STROGANOFF! and....(drum roll) an OPEN BAR! This has definitely been the best buffet i've been to. Cost me $32 with gratuity. I definitely got more than what i paid for!garlic clams were delicious. the seafood paella was better than any other i've tried (even @ high end restaurants). I am def going back here this weekend for my cousins bday! :DOpen bar had beer, wine, cider and root beer. Not too fond of cider, but downed about 3 glasses of wine before callin' it quits! The DESSERT BAR is to DIE FOR! There were creme brulees, apple and "oreo" panicotta, cheesecakes, crepes! Place made me not want to leave for the club!I have absolutely no complaints about this place (well maybe the slow waiter service, but the place is huge!) and everyone should give it a try when in Vegas! Of all the things that happen in Vegas, this experience definitely isn't staying there. mmmmmmmmm!
5	I have eaten here twice.  Once when it first opened and the seafood buffet was only $17.99.  Since then, the prices have been raised to $25 in May.  Still, it is a great value, especially for seafood buffet with Oysters, hot and cold Crab legs, Clams, always fresh fish such as salmon, halibut and sea bass.  There is always a nice array of Sashimi and poke (square cubes of raw sashimi fish mixed with soy sauce and spices which is very delicious and you don't have to waste room on eating the rice).  A wonderful array of meats such as 2 types of prime rib, one is done well done for those who like cooked meat, and one is done rare to medium rare for carnivores like me.  At other buffets i usually have to keep checking back to see if a fresh cut of meat was put out.  They also serve a wonderfully cooked glazed duck breast.  Desserts are magnificent.  Yes, the chocolate fountains are just for decoration, but if you are lucky and strawberries are in season, you might just snag a couple chocolate or white chocolate covered strawberries.  These are huge, the size where you go to the Bellagio pastry shop and spend $3 for one strawberry.  Other deserts are chocolate souffle, creme brulee, flan, macaroons, meringue cookies, crepes, gelato, coffee/espresso,  and a wide variety of Sugar free desserts for the diabetics.  Please ask, as they is more assortment behind the displays.  I almost forgot to mention the all you can drink alcohol.  it includes a large assortment of wine, cider, coors light, some german dark ale beer, and Thomas Knepper root beer for the kiddies and non drinkers which gets served in a cool little mug shaped like a barrel.  Get an empty mug, get some vanilla gelato, and then get your root beer to make a delicious root beer float.I have not eaten a weekday dinner, or lunch or brunch there, so please rely on other yelper reviews.
1	Carnival? Yes!! Planet Hollwood Buffet?? Yes!! Studio B? Hell no! I mean it was ok sometimes, but NO NO NO. I rather fork the extra 10 bucks and eat somewhere else. I don't like beer or wine so that station wasn't used. Besides, they don't have a sign to tell you about that... I don't think a buffet should have a setup where they don't mention these things... some people who paid good money can miss out. The decor is cool.. very mod but I don't like the tables being so open. I felt no privacy unless of course I'm the select few who sit in the back booths. I will not come back unless it's free coz you have to drive all the way from your hotel, there's a line (I don't know why though) and the food bleh.I  tasted no quality.. It was like an average buffet. However, I'll give them this, the desert area was pretty great... But no 22 bucks for me just to savor the deserts. I rather go to Hometown...
5	Sushi and steak and stroganoff, oh my!....and an OPEN BAR??This place is a dream for fatties (dessert bar!!), foodies (eeeeverything you could ever want), and of course Yelpers (open bar!). Ranging in price from $11-26 depending on when you go, this is the most incredible buffet I've ever been to. Whoever voted Planet Hollywood's Spice Market as the #1 buffet in Vegas obviously hadn't ventured this far south yet. I wouldn't call Studio B competition, I'd say it is the new standard. Yes, I really like it that much!They have an unbelievable selection of international cuisines as well as all the homestyle faves. Everything tasted fresh and homemade (if your home were a crazy ginormous kitchen with dozens of chefs, that is). The bar includes beer, wine, and cider, and actually good brands at that.If I were still a little kid and it were socially acceptable for me to eat only two things every day for the rest of my life, you'd find me at Studio B chowing down on mac & cheese and ham steaks drinking an endless supply of cider. Bliss!
5	We almost had a crisis here. It was about 12:30pm on Father's day, and after some confusion about where the line started (there was a MOB of people in front of the place), we asked a service lady what to do and where to go to line up. She said they were closing the line for this wave of seating, and we had to instead get a "queue card" that would let us GET IN LINE at 3pm. Wait up, say whaaaaat?! Normally this would have been a deal breaker, but this place is out in the middle of nowhere miles from the strip and any other decent buffets/restaurants. I think she sensed the desperation in my eyes...and she politely told us, "Well, the VIP line is also a line for people with disabilities. They won't ask what your disability is."Cha-Ching! Baby was that money. We whisked into that line, which was considerably shorter. My shameless, plotting Chinese mind then immediately started coming up with reasons someone in our party had a disability...we ended up slightly embarrassing my boyfriend's dad by explaining he had just had a hip replacement (which was true!) and couldn't stand in line for that long. The cashier was suuuper nice and didn't even bat an eyelash. She took our money and 15 minutes later we were in -- saving ourselves lots of grief! I was a very giddy girl indeed. *Note this will probably not work if you are young and healthy with a bunch of your young and healthy friends..so get there early to avoid lines? This place has blown up in popularity!*Now, the next hour and a half are a blur for me.  I remember king crab legs...lots and lots of crab legs (again, I am Chinese people!)  With melted butter and lemon...MmM...lots of different Asian foods...pad Thai, Korean BBQ ribs, satay, cucumber salad, sushi, a REALLY good tuna salad...uMMm and the standard prime rib and different types of meat, poultry and fish. Not a big fan of their prime rib, twas a little dry. Desserts were all amazing...they had individual size hot chocolate lava cake..this itty bitty chocolate pudding cup with oreo crumbs on top..mMm..and all these ice cream flavors...and you could ask them to make you a dessert coffee drink with coffee liquors! Like Baileys and whatnot..I should have gotten something..but alas was too full. For $25 a person this place is a steal! If staying on the strip, it's probably best to hit it on your way out...it's probably a good 20 minutes away!
4	I recently tried the Sunday Brunch buffet. While I was pleased with the quality, as always, I didn't see that the breakfast items were anything spectacular for the price. I will continue to eat at this buffet, but only for weekday lunches where I feel the customer gets the best value.P.S. I was really bummed that there weren't any belgium waffles at brunch and no mimosas.
5	The Studio B Buffet........wow even writing about it I get hungry.Lil Sis and I ventured to Vegas and stayed at The M Resort for the weekend, all we could talk about on the drive up is the seafood buffet this place had.  We had read some things in Yelp and also in "other review" places.  The Studio B got all high marks so we were set to go and could hardly wait to eat our share.Upon arriving and checking in we decided to get a couple of drinks a their awesome beer bar to lubricate our bellies for the on slaught that was about to happen.  The food probably felt lke the French when the Germans was knocking at their borders........the line was long, estimated to be about 45 mins to 1 hour wait, dammit!!!! However the host(ess) saw me limping around and said handicap people are welcome in the VIP line...bingo!!!winner!!!!  We or I with a now exagerated limp stroll on up to the VIP line and with a player's card the Seafood buffet is only $23.99 with all you can drink beer and wine included.  (are you freaking kidding me!!!)As the hostess sat us down she kindly gave us the go, just like Kentucky thorobreds jumping out of the gates at Churchill Downs...away we went......We wasted no time to iit up the seafood bar, where they had stacks of fresh oysters, king crab legs, shrimp cocktails, and fresh sushi and sashimi.  I immediately piled on the oysters, sushi, and crab legs.  Oooh the crab legs, you had your choice of cold or warm.  I ate both, in fact I ate so much king crab legs that the show "Deadlist Catch" was guaranteed another season!!!!We were devouring the crabs like there was no tomorrow, the way we were biting into the shell reminded me of Daryl Hannah in Splash.  After we got our share of crab legs and oysters, we finally looked around to see what else the buffet had.  There was actually a carving station that had prime rib, salmon grilled on bamboo, Korean bbq, NY steak, seafood pasta and a whole lot more.  I was very pleased that every thing we tasted was of high quality and flavor not like a buffet filler at some places.  They had 7 or 8 different soups for your eating pleasure, but seriously your at a buffet who the hell is going to eat the soup?  So, I tried the clam chowder and it was one of the best chowders I ever eaten, thick tasty and great texture.  Oh yeah, they weren't kidding about the all you can drink beer and wine, there was a beer and wine station where you can come back as many time as you want.  They had about four different beers and four different wines, honestly why fill-up on liquor when you have all these great food.  Nice marketing ploy!!!!I'm not a big dessert guy, but I was impressed of what they had to offer.  First of all they have an Espresso bar and these desserts prepared individually that tasted so good.  Individually handcrafted and not your prepackaged sugar blast, each a work of tiny art.  Every one I tasted was the bomb, creme broule, canoli, fruit tarts, mousse, etc..etc...Our big mistake was the two double Espressos we had, I thought my heart would explode.....man strong shit maynard........For the quality, taste, service and price, the Studio B buffet has to be the best bufffet I ever experienced!!!!!  a must stop for my Vegas experience.
5	Forget the rest, COME HERE!You might feel a bit wary since M is way off the strip, and there are so many other buffets you could choose from, but I've been to the rest and they just can't compare with Studio B. Since it's pretty much a "secret" atm, the lines are at a minimum. The crab was just as good as everyone else proclaimed and thankfully there are THREE seafood stations so no one ever gets angsty or impatient. (Btw: crab + clam chowder = AMAZING).. So I might be a bit biased with my rating, because any place that has all you can eat sashimi is a true winner. For a buffet in the dessert, the sushi was surprisingly fresh and flavorful! I basically got my money's worth in the seafood, however I did have an entire plate dedicated to JUST meat. If you're more of a carnivore, go straight to the juicy NY Steaks. They're a bit small, but who cares? All you can take! Then on your way back, make a detour to the Korean BBQ, which is so tender. Here's a hint: forget the pastas! Although the mac&cheese was good, the beef stroganoff and the baked ziti typed one tasted a bit weird. You should really avoid the carbs altogether to save room for the proteins.. and the DESSERTS!!!Ohohoho.. Freshly made fruit crepes! Eat them THERE, because if you want one on the strip, that's gonna cost you like 8 bucks. It's not made to order, but if there's no one in line you ask the crepe-maker if they can hook you up. I ordered a crepe just covered with whipped cream and chocolate.  Times 5. My other favorites were the creme brulee, the eclairs, and the tiramisu. Don't bother with pecan pie - it was way too tart. I finished off with a couple soops of Mango gelato at the gelato station and of course a small cup of mocha cappucino at the barista (at the end of the dessert bar, it's easy to miss). Now, that was the good life.
5	We loved this place.  Dinner still busy @ 830pm on a "slow Tuesday" nite but they did close the back stations down & had less servers.  We agreed that this is definitely better or at least equal to doing an AYCE at a sushi place since you also get so much other stuff for the same price.  I'm not that big of an eater even at a buffet but did sample the main stuff & the stellar choc chip mint, coffee, banana, & raspberry gelatos, outstanding & light lemon meringue cookies, and what my husband calls the best choc chip cookies he's ever had in his life.
5	One of the best buffet in Las Vegas!  It's got a bit for everyone - Chinese, Italian, Japanese, American, wine and beer included, desserts galore, cappuccinos, cafe latte to order.  We were there on the Saturday Seafood Buffet - snow crab legs, shrimp, raw oysters, cooked crab legs.  Not only seafood but all the good stuff like prime rib.  You won't be disappointed!
5	You have to go here!  No need to elaborate on why this place is so awesome just read the other reviews, Pad Thai at a buffet?? Need I say more. :) Stop reading and GO THERE!
5	Best Buffet in Vegas, period.  Lots of good Asian/Thai/Korean/Japanese dishes, not your typical americanized asian dishes.  The pork satay was divinely spiced with lemongrass.  The green curry was yummy.  The singapore noodles were tasty.  THe desserts are amazing.  I have been to almost every buffet in town and this is by the far the best quality for the price.
5	We have been here countless times. It's the best buffet in town. FIrst of all, we are local Las Vegans. We've been to a lot of buffets, but mostly we steer away from the strip hotels. Secondly, we found hotels which cater to locals usually offer pretty good quality buffets for the money. The selections is incredible here. After many visits, we still have items that we have not tried yet. My favorite is shrimp scampi over some fresh greens for salad with galic bread. clam chowder with artisan bread, steamed clam, diced sashimi, sushi, baked mussels, and teriyaki short ribs. For desserts, fresh sweet and nicely sliced fruit, creamy flan, banana foster with vanilla gelato, fluffy and light strawberry short cake, and smooth cheesecake. On top of all these, they offer wine and beer which is included in the buffet.
5	This will be my first review, and I wanted to make it a good one, so here it is: The Studio B Buffet is the best buffet I've ever been to!It's away from the crowded strip, and closer to Henderson, among the new additions on St. Rose. Make sure you get a player's card to get a $2 discount. Now, for the food:My favorites include crab legs, raw oysters,  shrimp galore, seafood galore...bamboo salmon, beef stroganoff, ny strip, prime rib, mac-and-cheese, korean bbq...even the things you don't go to a buffet for were awesome.  Alcohol included with the meal. And dessert...many traditional, inventive, and eye-appealing selections. Get gelato too. haha
5	My first buffet experience in over eight years, and I loved every moment of it. All kinds of meats, including baked salmon, and a sushi bar were available for those who like to get their money's worth.   Me? I tried it all, but I especially liked the Thai dishes, fried cod, and the creamy mac n' cheese.  This place also has an extensive dessert and gelato bar.  My personal faves were the cream puffs and creme brulee.And of course...what really warrants a 5-star rating...all-you-can-drink bar with beers, red and white wines, and cider!  The lady serving the alcohol was even kind enough to card me at the ripe old age of 25.  If you have a car while in Vegas, make the trip out to try this buffet at the M resort.  Completely worth your time and your money!
5	Words cannot describe how great this buffet is! Not only is it all you can eat but all you can drink beer also, even if it's only 3 types of beer. If you have the M card, the price is only $21.95, if you don't have the card it's $23.95. Friday to Sunday is Seafood night also. Overall, the best buffet in town - next to the Rio. Anthony Marnell has really out done himself with the M - same guy who runs the Rio. He wasn't kidding when he said he wanted locals to come and visit. Make sure you come hungry and leave full! Great good and lots of it !
5	My future trips to vegas will include a stop at Sonics for tots, A Capastrami from Capriottis, and on the way home -the Buffet at M-resort. I would have never thought to have stopped by the strange looking blue building until my friend who lives in vegas, said we have to try it. so my friends and i stopped by on the way home the last time- and it's the best way to end your vegas trip before the 6 hour drive home. At least your tummy will happy in the traffic. The best time to go is right when brunch ends and dinner begins, so you can try both! Fresh seafood, a variety of meats, and wha? a gellato bar? and a pretty decent dessert spread! They also have a bakery in the casino, but you can try most of the same desserts as minis in the buffet!
4	This place is AWESOME!  The price is right $23 for lunch and $25 for dinner (starting at 2:30).  For groups of 10 or more, they charge an 18% gratuity.  So we split up ;)They have unlimited beer and wine.  You can go to the gelato station and ask the lady to make you a cappuccino with baileys in it (tip at your discretion).  BTW, you can get shots of some other liquor also, just tip the lady!They have crab legs, raw oysters, sashimi (WITHOUT the rice!), ny steak, soups, cheese and assorted meat platter, calamari, mussels, and much more!  I can't even list them all.  Did I mention how great this place is?  The only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star is because of how far it is from the strip.  But it DEFINITELY is worth the trip.  A must go!  I have not had a better buffet in Vegas.  If there is one better (don't forget to factor in the price), point me to that direction!
3	Full disclosure: I'm a total buffet snob.  If dinner is less than $20, I'm not interested.  That said, Studio B buffet is really quite good. But for $2 more, you can get dinner at the Bellagio buffet (weekdays) which is lightyears better.  That was the main thing going through my head as we sampled Studio B last night... this is nearly as expensive as Bellagio and just not as good.The Asian dishes were tasty and well-spiced.  My Kalibi ribs were cold, but whatever.  The green curry with beef was surprisingly spicy, even if the beef was overcooked and consequently tough.  My husband raved about his Beef Satay skewers.The Ragu Bolognese was very tasty, but the gourmet-looking Mac & Cheese was bland.  The rotisserie chicken was moist and delicious, but the Bratwursts with apples & onions was tasteless.  The Oaxacian shrimp was very tasty it it's mild green chile sauce, but the accompanying tortillas were dried out and stale.There was quite a selection there on the buffet, lots of seafood - and this wasn't a "seafood" night at Studio B.  Lots of mussels, clams and fried seafood.  I was disappointed in the butterflied fried shrimp and fried clams - both were greasy and overcooked.Yes, there's AYCD beer and a couple of wines.  I didn't notice the hard cider until it was too later.  But the addition of alcoholic beverages doesn't make up for this buffet just not-quite getting there.The desserts were hit and miss.  The chocolate souffle was to die for, but the tiramisu was oddly foamy and way too wet.  The crepes with berries were lovey, but the carrot cake was gross.  The coconut macaroons were divine, but the lemon meringue tartlets were bland and over-sweet.  We didn't get to the gelato, but there were a lot of flavors to choose from.All in all, I might be tempted to give this place another try, but with a 75 minute wait at 7:00 on a Wednesday night I don't think it will be any time soon.  I know our wait at Bellagio last night wouldn't have been as long and the food would have been better.
5	You better believe the hype!  This buffet is the total package: Ambience, food, and service!  Oh, and price of admission comes with all you can drink beer and wine!  Also, if you are a desert fan, this place has the BEST desert bar of all the buffets in town.  BTW, you get $2 off admission if you present a player's club card.  Dinner was about $25. Ambience- Ultra chic.  Feels like a hip club more than a buffet.  Frankly, the largest buffet I've seen in Las Vegas.  It is absolutely huge and beautiful, folks.  Food- Everything tasted fresh and even gourmet.  Nothing tastes overcooked or stale.Service- Let's be honest, no one goes to a buffet for their service.  HOWEVER, this buffet had the BEST service of all the buffets in LV.  They were cordial, helpful, and extremely professional.  In fact, they might have had the best service of any restaurant I ate at during this stay.  Since this hotel/buffet is about 15-20 minutes off the strip, you may want to stop on your way to the strip, and stop by before you head home.  What a perfect way to end your Vegas trip.  Your belly will be happy and you have 3-4 hours to digest all that food!  That's exactly what we did because this buffet was that good at a great price.
5	For all buffet champs in search for the epitome ultimate buffet, look no further Studio B Buffet is the winner!!!! At first glance, one would be overwhelmed by the never ending islands of food. Then you start to think "okay, maybe I can get through all of this". Just when you think its over, and you're almost ready to move onto the OTHER side of the room onto the dessert bar, another 3 row full of island filled food stands before you. Don't fight, Buffet: 3 You: 0.(The journey...skip to the bottom of the paragraph for the "in all")I've never heard of this place before we came here, all we knew was that it had a lot of great street cred. It definitely knocks the Bellagio buffet out of the park, and this place seriously left me walking out of the place with a food baby (i hope i don't have to explain what that means). The funny part is that I thought I could beat the system and try anything that looked very good by getting ONE piece, the tiniest even. I started from the "front" (the back where the pizza was) and I remember feeling that first kick in the stomach when I reached the miniature New York Steaks. Yet, like a fool I kept going after 10 minute  intervals. Finally, I reached the end after many skipped dishes. Then came the dessert bar, that's when trouble started to rise. The dessert bar had your run of the mill Bellagio type of dessert bar with a bit of a kick, a few special little dishes here and there, then came the gelato or "really sweet, but like, smooth, almost like, fro yo type of ice cream" (actual description from someone behind me while standing in line to get my scoop). The gelato had some pretty good choices: Cookies and Cream, COFFEE (!!!!), Rasberry, Mint Chocolate Chip, Mango...etc.  My first try was the mango, and it was the best mango gelato ever! Later, my cousin and I did "double scoops" of the gelato onto a cone...we were in a hurry, so we wouldn't miss a show. It was worth it.In all, this buffet beats all of the other buffets in the bum. Each island is filled with endless variety (from sushi to multiple types of pastas) and will surely satisfy anyone of your fellow mates.  Such a great place to go and grub right when you reach Vegas (especially if you drove your way to vegas) and definitely a great place to go after Vegas strip touring/partying/shopping, whatever you wild stuffs do there. Its worth every single dime! You know the place was worth the money when you experience a food-hangover the next morning (even throughout the day), and your appetite urges for smaller  food intake even days after *points at herself*. That's what happened to me. Don't be surprised if you leave the place with a food baby yourself!
5	I'm giving it five stars because that's what I imagine it would be worth...because I didn't actually get to go in!  When I actually do get to experience this buffet, I will come back and review again...I just want to warn you all....There are HUGE lines! I recommend going in an off hour, like maybe right when when dinner starts or on a weekday. We got there at 7 and the line was outrageous...and even if we wanted to stay in line we couldn't...a guy gave as a pass to come again at 8:30 and then we would have to wait in line again, and he warned us that the buffet would be over at 10...so basically it prob wouldn't even be worth it!  So, what I know is dinner is about 26$...free wine and beer! and they also have capuccino...and the lady at the rewards center told me that you can also tell them to add a shot of bailey's up in there!  Can't wait to come back...hope it lives up to my expectations!
4	I've tried all kinds of Vegas buffets from the Rio to the Bellagio to the Wynn to Planet Hollywood.  This buffet is ranked very high on my list if not the highest.  The best price for the best buffet and I only came during lunch.  There are tons of food to choose from.  There is something here for everyone.  I came on a Wednesday and there was no line so I sailed right in amazed at how much variety of food there was.Here's a list of what they had for lunch and this is only half of the list:mussels, cream corn, 6 nontypical soups, beef stroganoff, sweet yam and marshmallows, sausages, sushi, pizza, steak, ham, variety of cheeses, kahlua pork, mac n cheese, variety of salads, different types of carved meat, chicken, beef, pork satay, sweet and sour chicken, chow mein, fried rice, fried calamari...Onto the desserts:16 types of gelato, creme brulee, chocolate soufle, carrot cake, tiramisu, fruit crepes, macaroons, lemon meringue pie, cream puff canoli, fruit tart, pies, pudding, leche flan, madelines, carrot cake...I can only imagine how the dinner or seafood dinner is.  Best buffet I've had in Vegas.  I will be returning here next week to try the dinner.
4	I have got to say that this is the BEST buffet in Vegas by far.  here's why1. Open bar . . . that's right, open bar!!! now you can get sloshed not only during sunday brunch, but every meal that you eat here! they serve wines, beer, and a delightful cider2. Desserts.  this isn't your half assed attempt at dessert done by most buffets.  this is a go-back-for-a-2nd-creme-brulee-even-if-you-feel-sick type of dessert spread (which i did).  They have lots of yummy stuff, most notable is the creme brulee and the gelato!3.  Selection.  they have so much food there and it's all delicious.  the asian food is notable.  usually, there's a little lame asian section with some orange chicken, a lame attempt at noodles, and teriyaki chicken.  however, the M respects their asian folk and gives us something worth our money.  pad thai, kalbi ribs, very good stir fry, sushi (yes, you heard right, sushi), and my personal favorite - oxtail soup.  it was SO good! my boyfriend and i had a great experience here.  the wait is long so be sure to go well before you're hungry.  he absolutely stuffed his face and will go back again every time we're in vegas.
3	The main gimmick here that sets it apart is the included alcoholic beverages.  Although I'm not a huge drinker I thought it did make a good impression.  However it's not that clearly defined and many diners didn't seem aware of it (I was approached several times while walking back to my table with a glass of cider to inquire where I got it and how much?) I actually had a comped meal so I didn't have to wait in line, so no complaints regarding the wait.  I believe it was $21 during weeknight dinner, which I think is a bargain for a Vegas area buffet.  One thing I hated was the ambiance and layout.  It's sort of circular with no clear direction of where to start so there were some line cutting issues with pushy old asian ladies (sorry for the specific callout, but my aunties are one of them so I know the type!).  I absolutely hated the dining room area.  It felt like a cafeteria or mall food court.  loud and not cozy or comfortable.  Large billboard like screens flank one entire wall of the restaurant.  hideous.The food is decent, with a few standout dishes.  (the cedar plank salmon was delicious and I generally do not like salmon!).  They offer the usual selections of italian, mexican, carving station, lots of salads and soups, fried seafoods, and mix of asian cuisines.  The Sushi selection was pretty fresh and constantly replenished.  However I objected to the plates being warm as I like my raw fish chilled slightly (I went and got a small dessert plate as those are not warmed).  The alcohol station is not marked and is sort of tucked behind the soups and breads at the "beginning" of the buffet.  The house cider was really good, they had about 4 beers on tap and 4 different wines.  I had 1/2 a glass of cider which was crisp and sweet with small tight champagne like fizz and a 1/2 glass of cabernet which was ok.  I didn't have any desserts but I noticed they were perfectly bite sized which is ideal at a buffet so you can try ALL OF THEM!!!  haha.  They also have an espresso bar with liquors, which is awesome.  I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it was good.  Also our waitress was very enthusiastic and attentive with bringing drinks and clearing plates.
5	I was referred to this place by a friend - a vegas local.  She said it was a local casino - away from the strip, but the buffet is really good!Holy crap!!  We walked up to the line - it was a like a fricken roller coaster ride!  As we waited the hubs and I facebooked and tweeted pics and with no delay, ppl said it was worth it.  Okkkaayyy!  We waited approximately 2 hours to finally enter and start eating.  It was all, ALL oh soo good!  The food was good, the desserts were great, and shiet  if I wasn't soo full -  I would have had  more than 2 glasses of FREE beer!What was a shocker myself - we met my cousin here and he had 10 cups of the fricken gelato.  Yea, he was cold as hell at the end.  LOLNeedless to say, we closed it down - we ate from 8:00 - 10:15ish. haha.
5	More than what I expect from a Vegas buffet. It's definitely better than most. Food quality is excellent. I especially enjoyed the prime rib and other meat dishes such as the lamb. Beer and wine is also included which is a huge plus. Desserts are also very good.I'm not a big fan of the layout of the place. It does remind me of a cafeteria. However, this is not a deciding factor for me.
5	Hands Down thee Best Buffet in town! All you can drink Wine & Beer is an automatic 5 stars right there! The ambiance of the spacious modern dining area with the big screens above, the great quality of food that seemed to have an endless selection, a gelato station (Yumm), Crepes, Coffee station, and Seafood on Fridays and Weekends....This buffet has it all. All this comes with a decent price of $23 for dinner M-Thurs and $25 for dinner Fri-Sun...That is not Bad at all!! This buffet is a definite must go when in Sin City, even tho it is a ways from the strip, it is soo worth it!!
5	My boyfriend and I went there the first week it opened. We heard that the buffet was awesome, which was absolutely true. If you sign up for the iMagine Rewards cards, you can get $2-5 discount off the 'already inexpensive' $17.95 regular buffet cost. The modernized interior design of the buffet is very eye pleasing. The open floor plan allows easy moving around the different stations. Also, there are huge monitors all around and above the stations, listing the food available in that area, instead of those missing name plates that most buffets have. I have lived in LV for 13 years, and had my share of buffets, but the crab legs I tasted at Studio B were very juicy and not small (like a lot of other buffets). There is also a wide variety of other dishes like fresh shrimp, salads, prime rib, dimsum, etc. For those who like to have drinks with their meals, but just cannot justify buying a $5 beer, you will be glad to know that their house brand wine, beer, and cappuccino are FREE and are part of the buffet price. I love wine, and their wine is not bad, considering it is free. The petite-size desserts are plentiful and the presentation is awesome. Items, among many: creme brulee, muffins, crepes, macaroons, and gelato! The Studio B brunch buffet is absolutely worth trying and going back to (even without the discount)! Just come early - if you don't want to wait about an hour. The line can get incredibly long
5	We went on Friday afternoon around 3:30pm for the Seafood Buffet. We were forewarned about the wait, but we went early enough, the hour wait we expected, was only 20 minutes.Food was great!  we went on the weekend for the seafood buffet.
5	Excellent value but a bit of a drive to get there. After reading all the reviews on here we made the trek out to M Resort to see for ourselves what the fuss was about. The M is a very nice, modern resort/casino about 15 minutes down Las Vegas Blvd. We wandered through the casino and were promptly seated after we paid for our meal. The overall decor was sort of cafeteria like but very modern with lots of dark woods and metals. The food was excellent. The buffet line snakes around the center of the space and they have everything. We were there for Saturday brunch and had a bit of everything. Crab legs were served hot and cold. They even had raw oysters on the bar. Everything we had was served at the right temperature and was fresh. They continually replenished all the items and we had mimosas and champagne included in the price of $26. You definitely should save room for the desserts. We'll definitely go back next time in Vegas. We hit the Wynn buffet the next day for Sunday  Brunch/Dinner and were not impressed. We all agreed that we should have went back to Studio B instead. It was cheaper and better prepared.
4	Very good buffet that rivals some of the better ones on the Strip.  A buffet to me is never 5 stars, but this is certainly worth the price.  Get a Players card and knock a couple bucks off the price as well. Certainly the best 'locals' casino, although it's pretty far if you're traveling from the NW area of town...about 30 miles, but we went for the Journey concert and had some time to wander around.Something to keep in mind regarding the wait:  If the line has completely snaked through the queue line they have, it's about an hour wait, at least that's what it was on a Saturday night at 5PM.   They should put one of those signs that they have at amusement parks that says, "From this point, the wait is...."   You can also get a 'reservation', but that's really only good if you don't want to stand in line and would rather gamble or walk around a bit. The buffet layout is nice as it is a continuous meandering line.  The desserts are excellent.  Get a large dinner plate and load up on the smaller desserts and share with your seatmates; good way to sample a little bit of everything. Free alcohol was a nice plus.  I really liked the M Lager....they have Pabst Blue Ribbon and Coors Light as well, plus Cider, wine, etc.
4	I've been to The Studio B Buffet twice now and was even more impressed the 2nd time around.  The first time we went for lunch during the week. Price was great for the variety of food they had and of course the beer & wine that's included. The second time we when for Sunday Lunch, and they really impressed me with the warm or cold snow crab legs with drawn butter...DELICIOUS! The prime rib was excellent as well.They offer breakfast foods with made to order omlets, a carving station, Asian, Italian, fresh bread....and the list goes on and on.  This place is great for when your going and leaving Vegas. The also offer a member's card which gets you $2 off at the buffet.Even though this is a buffet, the service is great. Our server came by often for drink refills, to collect our finished plates and to make sure we were doing ok.This is now one of my favorite buffets in Vegas!!!
5	This place was insane. $26 for an intense seafood buffet complete with crab legs and raw oysters.The variety of food is amazing, featuring everything from buffet staples such as Chinese food and pizza, to less buffet-featured fare as Thai food, crepes and gelato. Beer and wine are also included, as are espressos and lattes.  Definitely the best value I've ever heard of, even for vegas. The waitress was really friendly and attentive, and the venue is pretty flashy (actually, the whole hotel/resort is really slick.) We didn't eat in the main area next to the buffet, but more in the back which is a little less cafeteria-like and has peaceful view of the surrounding area. I suggest if you want to check it out then go before 5pm. We got there literally minutes before the rush (around 4:45, 4:50pm), so we didn't wait more than 10 minutes.  Once it hit 5, almost like magic it became a one to two-hour wait.
4	Okay the food here is pretty good...M Resort is more of a locals place and the Buffet is $26 a person.  About 20 minutes from the Main strip it might not be a choice place for alot of people.  Not too bad overall...One of the major benefits though is Unlimited Beer and Wine....One major complaint is the Sorbet, Ice Cream they give yout his 1/2 scoop and you have to ask for another cup or something...the cups were small..not sure why....
5	I can't stand buffets.  I think its a waste of money and less than sanitary with all the snot nose kids running around and people touching the handles and everything sitting there forever ewe. They're expensive too! I'd rather go to a nice restaurant and order something cooked to perfection than have a plate filled with random crap.  With that being said I had a friend come into town who just 'had' to go to a vegas buffet and I heard this place was good so decided to go here.  We waited about 45 min i think, which is whatever, Im a pretty patient person.  And when we finally got inside I was very impressed! Holy cow this place totally changed my opinion (but only for this place, lol) The food was excellent! The selection was awesome! It didnt seem all germ-y and it was clean. I thought it was so cool that they had free wine and beer and free espresso! This is a very decent place and if it weren't for my disdain for buffets I would probably eat here once a week! lol
5	As good as it gets for a Vegas buffet. Better than all the other buffets out there on the strip.  The weekend seafood buffet which also includes beer and wine is only $26!  Will be going back for sure!  =D
5	I can't imagine you can find a better buffet ANYWHERE at ANY PRICE.  This buffet is a looping line that seems like it goes for a mile.  Literally hundreds of selections and everything I sampled was absolutely amazing.Desert was phenomenal as well.You definitely can't beat beer & wine being included either.  This place is a gem.
5	SEAFOOD HEAVEN: -Snow Crab Legs-Oysters-Shrimp Cocktails-Fried Shrimp-Mussels-ClamsPrime Rib is juicy and tender! 7oz NY SteakBaked Salmon (cooked over bamboo wood)They have many varities of dishes: Salad, Pasta, Pizza, Sushi & Thai Food. Awesome Pad Thai! spicy and flavorful. Shrimp Fried Rice & for you asian lovers out there they serve steam rice.  THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! HANDS DOWN. !
5	OMG is all I can say.  I was truly blown away by this buffet. Let me count the ways....First - it's already at least 10 bucks cheaper than my other favorite Vegas Buffet - the Wynn - so that's already a ++Second - I don't drink - BUT for those that do - free unlimited wine and beer (from the tap).  it's not of your chosing - I believe it's the house selections - but there was a variety and it's unlimited.Third - you seafood lovers out there - this might not be the Rio's seafood buffet - but on the weekends starting at 2:30 - it's a seafood buffet as well.  There were plenty of crab legs, shrimp, oysters on the half shell, mussels, etc.  My friend was raving that the shrimp was really really fresh.Fourth - Pastas, Fish and Chips, roasted meats, Asian selection, pizzas, etc etc...there were so many stations.  There were 5 soup selections alone.  SO MUCH FOOD.Fifth - DESSERTS!!!  nevermind the selection - they also have a selection of gelato.  AND you can get some espresso drinks WITH alcohol in it at the same station.  You want some Kalhua or Amaretto with your espresso drink - you can ask for it here.I'm not going to lie - I waited in line for a long time - maybe an hour and 1/2? - and I went at about 1ish.  When we left, the line was still the same length.Also - want a few bucks off the price?  sign up for the players card before heading over to the buffet - it's free.
5	i don't know how to put this in a simpler way...- $26 on weekend- all you can eat including seafood- that includes oysters- all you can drink beer- oh and that includes WINE!!!- about 20 gelato flavors to choose from- CAPPUCINO W/ DISARONNO & VANILLA GELATO... you feel???yea... this pretty much beats ANY other casino's buffet in Las Vegas.
4	This place is great. Plenty of variety and great deserts. The only downfall is that be prepared to wait 45 minutes to 1 hour.
4	I love giving buffets bad reviews, because I just don't like the concept of all you can eat.  With that being said, let me tell you about Studio B.The food was good.  The selection was even better.  It's nice to see tabbouleh and galbi on the same selection menu.  Even the kim-chee was on point.  The pesto pizza was surprisingly good, and I'm so picky about pizza, but something about the look of it made me want to try it.  The oxtail soup was also on point.  I'm 100% sure I've never seen oxtail soup offered at a buffet.  The desserts were also good.  Pecan tarts, cheese cake, creme brulee and a little cup of gelato for cleansing the palette.The prime rib was juicy and seasoned very well.  A little fresh horseradish and au jus did the trick.  The killer part with this whole deal was that I went for Sunday brunch.  I may have to go back during dinner hours to see if this place is legit or just a mirage.I stand corrected...
5	This buffet rivals the world buffet at the Rio.  Tremendous value for the quality and selection of food.  for about $25 you get unlimited beer and wine, cold & hot crab legs, seafood, thai food, gelato, espresso & other specialty drinks.  Theres also a huge screen which showcases the chefs making the food. A now definite place to stop by when in Vegas. Only bad thing is its far from the strip.
5	I don't know where else you can find a $15 weekday lunch buffet with lots and lots of choices of decent food plus unlimited beer and wine!It's a couple of miles from the strip but it sure is worth the drive.
4	The wife and I are regulars in Vegas and if there is one common thing that we can agree on it is FOOD.  One of our friends suggested we try M Resort buffet.  She told us it was the hidden secret of the locals.  So off we went up the 15 back towards California.       Indulging is a sin and you can sin a lot at the Studio B buffet.  First they have all you can drink beer/wine, which is great for anyone who drinks, I don't drink, but the wife does.  She had 4 glasses of wine, which in itself would cost more the cost of the buffet at any other restaurant.  The food was great.  There was a great variety and I would say for the money if you drink, it is the best deal going in Vegas.
2	This buffet is average at best. The couple of times I went, there was cold food, poor service trying to get cuts of meat, and the woman pouring wine expects a tip for... doing her job. (One thing that really bothers me about this city. Everyone expects a tip for nothing.) The desserts there are a complete failure, unfortunately. Dessert is my favorite part of a buffet, and this place fails on so many levels. From unsuccessful chocolate souffle to watery creme brulee, to tiramisu with WAY too much alcohol in it. I left thoroughly unimpressed on both occasions.The other thing that pissed me off is the demand of 1 player card per discount. Every other casino I've eaten at allows you to purchase up to 4 meals discounted on one card. Not the M. They expect you to stand in their long line with their slow staff for 45 minutes waiting for a player's card, and everyone else in your buffet group to do the same or not receive the discount. How obnoxious.The whole casino is nothing special, though. Definitely not worth going out of the way to eat there again. Very dissatisfied.
5	I'm not a buffet person. The buffet at the Wynn and the Rio Carnival world were both huge disappointments for me. So far, this is the only buffet I've found in this city that's actually worth the hour long wait in line! A few highlights for me:*The Hawaiian food - YUM*Bolognese that tasted "homemade" rather than like chef boyardee*Best buffet pizza I've ever had*The salads! Caprese - yummm*The desserts were out of this world. The cookies were soft, chewy, and homemade. The carrot cake was incredible. The oreo trifle... I could go on all day. The first time desserts on a buffet actually tasted as good as they looked!*Fresh brewed coffee/cappuchino/espresso with baileys.. ! The naysayers are out of their mind. You won't find a better buffet value in this city. I was blown away by the quality, selection, and service.
3	After hearing so much about the M's great buffet (from Las Vegas Advisor and my Inlaws) we went for lunch yesterday (Dec 21). It was 2 for 1 with a club card, so we were pretty excited.  With our 2 kids (6 and 9) we waited 1 hour and 15 minutes to get seated. Needless to say, we were all starving. The food was very good, but my boys only found bread and rice to appease their appetites. I had to ask the pizza cook to make a plain cheese pizza, which barely had any cheese. I think if I were to suggest anything, I'd suggest a kid's section (kinda like the Rio Buffet has). Anyway, besides the dessert bar, my  boys never want to go there again. Unfortunately, even though I would go back, it's a family decision . . . so, we'll choose a more kid-friendly buffet next time. Sorry M.
4	I love Studio B Buffet.  I had a weekend brunch and it was delicious.  Very good layout.   Yes the price did go up  and it's comparable to other brunches.  Show your imagine card and get $2 off your buffet meal.  This buffet offers more chinese and thai food than Aria buffet which is a plus.  The seafood-crab legs, oysters, shrimp, salads, desserts, and pizzas are very good.  The miss-some of the carving meats were kinda dry like pork roast and turkey with dressings. Also, I love the free wine, beer, and expresso.  I highly recommend this buffett.
3	Decided to try this buffet out at the suggestion of a friend who lives in Vegas, and the multiple glowing reviews from Yelpers here.  Unfortunately, our experience was not as positive!We came on Christmas night and the wait was a whopping 3.5 hours!  The line snaked around the casino and about 1.5 hours into the wait they began issuing times that you could come back and get into line.  The problem with this system is that they would give out the same times to 100 or so people in line, with no indicator of your original placement in line.  So then everyone just congregated around the entry waiting for the line to re-open. When the gate did open, everyone bum-rushed the line and cut in from every angle.  It was a MESS.  I'm really surprised they haven't formulated a better process yet!  Needless to say there were many upset customers and they definitely could have handled this in a more organized fashion.Regarding the food, there was definitely a wide variety of items, although the quality rather disappointing.  The prime rib was tough, the salmon (which we had to cut ourselves since the server wasn't there) was very dry and hard, and the pad thai was super dry as well.  Also, the cocktail shrimp were noticeably smaller than those at other top buffets.  I would've given up some of the variety for better quality items.The highlights for me were definitely:- ice cream station (felt like a kid in a candy store)- coffee bar (espresso drinks served piping hot!)- alcohol station (the alcohol wasn't the best, but i did appreciate having the option to enjoy free drinks with my dinner!)- sweet potatoes (delicious!!)- crab legs (warning: hard to open, be sure to ask your server for a tool to use)- lower price point than bellagio, wynnAlso, definitely worth it to sign up for the players card.  Save $2 plus we got $5 in free play money. :)Verdict: I'm glad I tried the buffet, but probably wouldn't go back anytime soon.  I would definitely pay more for better quality elsewhere.
5	I love this buffet!!! I have been smart enough to go to it when the lines have been relatively short ~15min wait so waiting has never dampened my spirit prior to entry. I have only tried the dinner buffet. Tons of selection, nice presentation, pleasant drink servers, delicious food, best dessert ever. YUM, YUM, YUM! Weekday mornings for breakfast they move the buffet to the Red Cup Cafe I have looked at the spread in there and decided to go else where for breakfast. In my opinion when the buffet is served in the Red Cup it lacks the sparkle & the quick food turn over needed for a great buffet.
5	Being a HUGE fan of meals of the buffet sort, I was not so anxious to try the M buffet because of all of the many options on the Las Vegas strip. My Mother In Law had recently been here and spoke very highly of it, but all I wanted to do was WYNN and RIO and BELLAGIO and stuff my face at the well known good buffet's on the strip. So, on almost our last day in Vegas after doing the Wynn and the Rio and a couple other Buffet's we finally made our way the 10 miles south of the strip to the M and had their buffet. I had a pretty good idea that this place was going to be different as soon as we walked up...unlike the other buffets that we had been to Studio B was packed! A massive snake of people stood at the front of the entrance trying to get their beaks into the grub. When we finally made our way to the front we had to stand to the side as they were going to take a few minutes to set up a table for our large group. This gave us a chance to get started on the all you can drink beer. Four beers and five minutes later we were being seated.Food quality in a buffet can greatly vary from barnicles scraped from a hull to wonderful...the food here was in a word: amazing. This buffet puts 99% of buffet's to shame...and it beats the Wynn. Prime rib - with flavorlamb chopsgame henking crab legs - hot and coldkorethaiese stuffAll top quality, cooked well, and kept very fresh and at perfect temperatures (every steam tray has a temp display).  Desserts were fantastic as well.Go to M.
5	One word for this place WOW. I love buffets in vegas because of the crab legs galore and this place is no exception. We were going to do our usual 4 hour sessions at Manadaly Champagne brunch but one person in our group said this place was better. We all said she was full of s#$t but man it was really better. First off the price is cheaper than other ones(about 25) and it comes with wine and beer in the price. I usually don't have anything but seafood and some prime rib but I have been here a couple times since so I tried the rest of the stuff and bottom line, it is all good. This I think is the biggest compliment, I dont have a sweet tooth so I never have dessert. I had a tatse of the gelato and it was soo good I tried almost all the other desserts. Best dessert buffet ever, gelato was smooth, rich and great tatsing. The creme brulee, flan, tiramisu, etc was all small perfect bite size portions and all really good.
4	I have been to this buffet many times and it is our normal stop as we drive into Vegas. I can say that I enjoyed it alot better before it became popular (especially with the locals) because the line can be well over 2 hours long.Our most recent trip to the buffet was on Christmas eve. We waited in line for over an hour and it was a total clusterf#$k. The line was unbelievably disorganized. The people who had already paid and were waiting to be seated were blocking the path of the people waiting to pay. Because of this the cashiers were not calling people up to the counter to pay and the line seemingly didn't move for an hour. I was scolded by the cashier when I dared to walk up to the counter without being summoned. Our total wait time was 1 1/2 hours, but when we were led into the dining room there were many empty tables. The line could move more efficiently if they would put some sort of system in place and possibly remodel the entrance to the buffet where people queue and pay.Aside from the logistics, the buffet itself is good but not great. For the price it is a good value considering it includes all you can drink beer and wine. My favorite items at the buffet are the Tomato Basil soup and the sweet potatoes. I sat next to a man and watched him down 4 bowls of the tomato soup...it really is that good.Other than that the prime rib is good, and everything else is hit and miss. Like any other buffet some items are better than others. The desserts are good. There is a nice selection of cookies, pastries, and many different flavors of gelato. There is also an espresso bar where you can get drinks with Baileys, amaretto, Kahlua, etc.Personally I think lunch is the best value at $14.95.
4	Awesome buffet away from the Strip. We visited here for lunch on the day of New Years Day, and were expecting inflated buffet prices as we had seen at the buffets on the Strip, however it was the standard $14.95 here. This buffet is an awesome deal. There is so much selection that it could please almost any palate. While there was a huge amount of selection, I felt that the quality was a bit lacking, however, still delicious. The buffet would have been worth it for the food alone, however the all-you-can-drink wine and beer (for those of age) and awesome dessert line-up quickly jettisoned this buffet to my #2 go-to buffet in Vegas. We will definitely be back.
5	I think Studio B has taken over my #1 spot for Vegas seafood buffets.  Though it is about 15 miles from the strip.  But still.  I like this place  probably because:We didn't wait to get seated.  Though I hear other people have horrendous waits.The crab was finger licking freshThe oyster was sweet and tasty Cocktail shrimp didn't need to be shuckedDessert bar added 2 lbs on my waistService was quick and attentivePrime rib, and red meat selection was better than places like RioCrisp fresh saladsI wouldn't say there is that much variety in terms of cuisines but I came for the seafood buffet.  And at $30 a pop... I'm never going back to Rio.
5	I am not a fan of Buffets by any means; especially in Vegas.  I only do the usual Bellagio or Wynn and might squeeze in a Craving at the Mirage if I don't want to leave the hotel (dessert sucks) there.  I truly get disappointed at the Buffets and get frustrated with the onslaught of Asian people and their 1 in line for a party of 15 holding up the entire restaurant during Christmas and Chinese New Years (Yes Chinese not this PC Lunar crap!!).  With all the press in the magazines, I decided to try this place out for lunch on the way home and with 0 expectations, I was truly impress.  They have wine for us (sophisticated people...no pun intended) and beer for the bellies all included in the charge).  This buffet includes NY Steaks, Prime Rib, Tri Tip, Turkey, Lamb Chops, all in the carving station.  They have numerous, numerous, other choices.  It was amazing.  The dessert is must for me!  They have a great desert selection for a buffet with hot Lattes.  I read some of the reviews below and totally do not understand some people.  Some people will never be satisfied.  If you have any experience for Vegas, Christmas time and Chinese New Years is a time for Asian families to flock in herds to Vegas. They crowd the Buffet like no other. The service and quality will suffer.  Also, by reading some of the their reviews, they will never be satisfied.  The Holidays is going to be crazy.  I went there for lunch on a Tuesday and there was no line and nothing but Seniors eating away with us.  Our server was great with some friendly Southern hospitality.  This is my favorite Buffet
3	This is a decent buffet, but not worthy of the hype and definitely not worth waiting in line for. It's a good value for sure, but when there's so much in Vegas to do why would I want to stand in a line for an hour and a half like I'm in Disneyland? To be fair, it wasn't an unbearable wait since I helped myself to the complimentary soft drinks on the casino floor and brought some back for my family also.Now onto the food, the most noticable feature of this buffet is the free beer and wine, which is nothing short of awesome. Now granted, the beer was cheap PBR and coors light but I'm not complaining. The food, however, I found to be quite lacking. The first prime rib slice I got was way too rare and hardly looked like it was cooked at all. The second slice I got was good and made up for it, however. The salads looked unremarkable and the pizza looked worse than the stuff you get in a school cafeteria, so needless to say I tried neither. The selection of food was pretty good, with varying degrees of success. The desserts were very good, though not great. Overall, this is a great looking, high value buffet but for those of you who value your time more than your money, take a pass.
4	We were taken here by locals who heard are call for a less harried and plentiful vegas buffet without the typical vegas markup. Since it was new year's weekend, we got the full seafood buffet along with the other stuff.I won't repeat what's already been said, but this place is a damn good buffet. Highlights were the seafood (fresh!) and the dessert bar (mango gelato!). I will subtract one star for the lack of breakfast options (it was a Sunday at noon...I think even Green Valley has a buffet option, I want my bacon, damn it!)I still don't know how I feel about the random weight loss commercials showing on the screen (no audio luckily) above the buffet. One thing I did enjoy was the lack of a long holiday weekend crowd!
4	3.5 stars rounded to 4. Biggest gripe is the looooong lines, especially during their Xmas BOGO promo. Had to wait an hour, and barely made the 4pm cutoff to get in on the promo (they had told us if we didn't get to the register before 4pm, it would be full dinner price per person!)Once in, the selection was out of control. Everything and anything you can imagine, plus free beer and wine. Quality of food was very good as well.I'd suggest going to lunch for $12 or so (with the players card) as dinner is a bit pricey. I think they take reservations as long as there's not a promo going on.
5	Yum.  Can't say enough about this buffet.  Great food for the price and the line is long but better then like other high class buffet lines.  What other buffet gives you free drinks. Not soda...but like beer and wine.  Yep, all you can drink too.  Sushi can be better but hey....free beer and wine.
5	Now I know why those lines are so damn long--the interior has amazing decor and, more importantly, the food selection is not only tasty, it's ENORMOUS! After waiting about 1-2 hours, I stepped into the place and I felt like I was in food heaven!I know the wait was long, but there was a good deal going on---if you gamble for a certain amount of points, you can eat there for free, or something similar to that. My parents got a buy one, get one free deal. Thus, it's only natural that a lot of people would visit. Just make sure you bring some good friends that you can stand talking to for 2 hours in line.But, back to the food: a large selection, for sure--Asian, Italian, American, Chinese--you name it! I definitely liked their veggie selection, too--lots of salad choices. They have dense bread rolls, too, which I love. I can't explain everything I ate, but all of it was pretty decent, especially for a buffet. This is, of course, one of the best buffets I've been to in Vegas!They offered great desserts as well--gingerbread man cookies, crepes, fruit tarts, macaroons, and a lot more pastries. The ice cream was great, too--more like gelato texture, nice and moist, not super icy like at most buffets.I'd definitely agree to come here again!
5	Oh yea. That's the stuff!!! Warm and chilled Snow crab legs, shrimp, a huge whole halibut fish on the carving table, fillet Mignon, skirt steak, prime rib and pasta bologonese. That was just on my first plate!! Everything was wonderful!! The fillet Mignon was a little pinker than I like, but it was so tender I didn't care. The desserts are fantastic. All of them are fairly small so you can try a lot of different ones. This is the best buffet in Las Vegas - Henderson. My only complaint is that the lines are very long and VERY SLOW moving. My wife and I got there at 3:10 on Sunday and we were not seated until 4:45. The line was even longer when we left. Probably closer to a two hour wait. I almost want to take a star away just because of the long wait time. But once you start eating, it's easy to forgive.
3	3.5 starsI read Pauline C.'s review about this place and I had to go to Studio B to check it out. $26 seafood dinner = awesome deal! Plus, guests may also enjoy beer and wine selections at no additional cost!! well there arent that many selections...they had 3 choices of wines and 2 choices of beers.The food was okay. A lot of the fish was over cooked. The snow crab legs were a too salty, but i'm okay w/ it..but for those who don't like salty food, you have been warned. They do have warm crab legs, so that's a plus, as well as asian style crab legs (sauteed w/ ginger).The oysters, scared me.. did not look appetizing at all. Didn't taste fresh either.The cocktail shrimps - no thanks. not crunchy and they were smaller in since. Salmon - dried..overcookedBlack Cod was goodClams were good and there were a lot of different styles of clams.Seafood selection where abundant but it can do better. However for the price that you're paying, can't complain!The prime ribs were alright. Desserts were good! I also like their coffee bar - your choice of espresso, cappucino, lattes you can even have it w/ a shot of Kahlua, bailey's, etc. Atmosphere, it was okay nothing special.. it's trendy. Oh and yes, do prepare for long waits. The only thing this place got it going for is that they offer free beer / wines. And if you sign up for their reward card, you can get $2 off of the buffet price each time you dine here. I'm not sure if I'll go out of my way and drive out here for their buffet.. i'd only come back to this buffet if i'm on my way driving into the strip or driving back home to LA..
5	My native Las Vegas friends took me here and well...they ALWAYS know what's up. It's located within the new beautiful M hotel and casino located just off the strip. (The M has a whole lot of cool things in it you should be sure to check out, too. Aka: The Hostile Grape -- a really cool, trendy self-serve wine bar).$26.99 (-$2 if you get a M players card!) for the Sunday night SEAFOOD BUFFET and UNLIMTED amounts of selected beers and wine! There was a very good variety of food ranging from asian (thai, chinese, japanese, etc.) to greek (dolmas, baba ganoush!) to classic american (carved meats, pastas, pizzas) to salads galore!Seafood options included super fresh oysters, crab legs, a variety of fishes, cioppino, and lots and lots of shrimp cocktails.On a Sunday night at 8pm, the line took about 1 hour - which was fine by me because it allowed for ample catch up time with friends =).Relatively, it's not as decked out and fancy as the Wynn Buffet, but for this price, it's "The Greatest Value in all of Vegas"! (says my Vegas friends).
5	Just skimming through some of the reviews I saw that: -All people went for dinner-A lot of people like the decor-Most people liked the crab legs/seafood-Some people were not impressed with the decor or the crab legs/seafood-No one went here for breakfast.Well, guess what? I did. So did they have the run-of-the-mill Hashbrowns, breakfast sausage, bacon, ham and all you can drink orange juice? Of course. Did they have the tell'em to make whatever you want Omelette station? Yup. What about a variety of coffee and pancakes & French toast? C'mon, isn't that expected? So, you're probably thinking: WTF, Shannon? What's with the 5 stars???Smoked Bacon. Yeah, I know. No, it's not "Thick sliced Applewood, peppered, pan fried in it's own grease bacon". Just a big slab of pork belly, SMOKED. And waiting for you under the heat lamp at the carving station. I don't know about you but I've NEVER seen that. Big deal, right? Smoked bacon...so what? Well, next time you go to Vegas and aren't hungover enough to wake up right before dinner, roll out of bed early and go to Studio B Buffet at the M Resort. Go pay your $16 or whatever it is and go straight to that carving station. We'll see how unimpressed you are then. Smoked f*cking Bacon. Oh and when you go, tell 'em Shannon sent you...No, they won't know who the hell I am but just do it anyways. For laughs...
5	WOW - best Vegas buffet I've ever been to.   The seafood brunch price is crazy cheap for what you get, and if you come right before the brunch ends, it's not so crowded and you get both brunch and the start of dinner - score!There was soooo much food, it was overwhelming.  They had Asian food, big salad bar, carving station, pastas, and then the seafood....  There were piles and piles of steamed crab legs, cold crab legs, and crab in sauce, salmon cooked on bamboo, you name it.  Admittedly i didn't go for the crab (i know, crazy huh?) cause i didn't want to go all ballistic on it in public without the right tools, which we couldnt' find.  I was all over everything else though.  I would list what I ate, but I can't even remember.  But I know I liked everything I tried!And then my favorite - the dessert bar.  They had a crepe station, gelatto, sundae bar, and cakes, cookies, mousse galore.  I was in heaven!I assure you - this will be the ONLY buffet I visit in Vegas from now on.  Sooooo good!
4	Could this be the most price-appropriate buffet with the most offerings?  Quite possibly!  Honestly, the quality isn't of the highest.  It's better than say, the buffet at Luxor, but it's not exactly the most high-end either.  The biggest win is the beer and wine included in your buffet price.  PBR on tap?!  Why yes, thank you!  And a made to order latte to end my meal with some strawberry sorbetto?  Sure, why not!  But if you're looking for the freshest halved king crab legs and shucked kumomoto oysters--this isn't your place.
4	Not a 5, but a repeat for sure.  Price good, food descent, dessert good . I LOVE that your wine and speciality coffees are all included in the one fixed dining price. Visited the wine area lots and for dessert the coffee station was my place, especially the spiked coffees where you can ask for nearly anything....bailey cappuccino, please. Don't get distracted by Baby Cakes when you first enter M Resort. Head over to the buffet first because you can have nearly all the gellato flavors there! By the time u are done Baby cakes will just be a place to browse for gifts :) Food in buffet is overall good, especially the asian thai section where there are extra sauces if you like the food extra spicy.  Japanese section not bad but the rolls i find are too cold and rice too wet. Kind of depends who is making it that day, i suppose.  The area that was a bit disappointing is the seafood section where the crabs are just way too salty!!! Like eating a tsp of salt with each crab leg. Carving station good, but honestly i think Bellagio has better option when it comes to hearty meat.
5	Went here for the first time today.  Great way to finish off a weekend in Vegas. -about 15 mins away from the strip so made for a good stop on the way home-$30 Seafood Sunday lunch-SO many choices! For example, pad thai, chicken chow mein, crab legs, gelato, mac &cheese, beef stroganoff, cotton candy, dessert crepes, shrimp scampi-line will most likely be long (especially on Sundays)-gorgeous hotel &decor! big walls w/ TV's that show Food Network while you eat-discounts if you sign up for member club card has been discontinued =/-waiter was very attentive and fast!Everything is good!! Quality you can definitely taste.  Best buffet in Vegas =)
5	Imagine a mythical buffet where they serve shrimp every which way possible, tons of crab legs on Friday-Sunday evenings, unlimited beer and wine, an amazing dessert selection that makes folks on atkins reconsider and a specialty coffee bar......for under $30.....Ladies and Gentlemen, this is not something from the Las Vegas history books regarding a bygone era of casinos run by the mob but the Studio B buffet inside the new M Resort hotel and casino. Next time your in town and looking for some seafood buffet action without the high strip prices, head south on Las Vegas Blvd until you see the large glowing glass building known as the M Resort. You my friends will not be disappointed. (Well, at least none of my friends have been :)
4	What's Vegas without a buffet? Obviously not a complete trip of course!This was my first visit to Studio B, which is located at the M Hotel. Yes it's a bit of a drive from the strip (~15 minutes), but I think it's worth it.$30 for AYCE seafood buffet? Carving station? Dessert bar? INCLUDED wine and beer?? Specialty coffee bar (where you can ask to add in liquor)?? Yes, yes, yes, yes, YES!!My top picks are the crab legs...they serve em cold AND hot, shrimp cocktail, raw oysters, beef stagonoff, clams in butter sauce, and peanut butter gelato (has bits of crushed peanuts in it). Prime rib was so-so (bland in my opinion). Everything else is standard buffet fare. What's nice is that they include alcoholic drinks with your meal. You have to go up to the front to get it, so be prepared to show ID. The have a few selections of wine and beer to choose from. I had a Berry Cider for my seafood and a PBR to wash down my meat. Yum yum!Our lady hostess was a total bitch. She refused to seat everyone (total of 12 girls) together for who know what reason. They had the room, why not? Not to mention we waited about 45 minutes before mentioning that to us. Luckily our waiter, Diego, was able to seat us all together. He even pushed in an extra table for us! We joked about having him dance for his tip money, but he actually gave one of the girls a lap dance. I got front row seat! He must have a night time job with moves like that! Really friendly waiter =)It's a great selection of tasty food (and alcohol!) for a value price. The hotel itself is also modern and pretty, and they still offer $5 min crap tables. So feel free to gamble a bit before heading back to the strip. Take note that the Seafood Buffet is only offered on the weekends...but that's when most people go to Vegas anyways, right??
4	Seafood Buffet!!!!!I could write pages on this place and each individual thing i tried... but i won't.Overall, the buffet is pretty good although i was not impressed by their cocktail shrimp or their snow crab legs.  The shrimp was on the shrimpy (small) side, and they were not very fresh.  The crab legs were super salty, but the ginger crab was good, and although I didn't try it, I heard the steamed crab (not snow crab) wasn't salty. The gelato and cotton candy at the dessert bar was my fav.  They had meringue, flan, creme brulee, cookies, cakes, etc. Lunch seafood buffet including tax & tip came to be about $37The service was pretty goodVariety of food was goodThe restaurant is huge and aesthetically pleasingBathroom is outside of buffetOff Strip
4	We waited two hours for this buffet although they did give us a ticket to come back when the line died down so we ended up wandering around the casino for a hour and then standing in line for the second hour. Studio B has a very unique setting. There is a TV studio inside and lots of TV screens all over the place. They were showing some show with Guy Fieri on the screens when we were there. The buffet is in the main room and faces the studio. A side room that is a little further from the buffet has windows with a spectacular view, especially at night. Some people waited a little longer to be sat in there.The food is very good. We were there on seafood night so there were more seafood options. While the fancier dishes were good, it was some of the simpler items that really stood out. In particular, I really enjoyed the mac and cheese and the tomato bisque. The only disappointing section was the Asian food section. Everything tasted like there was too much sauce. Maybe it was an off night since usually Las Vegas buffets have good Asian sections due to it being a popular tourist destination for Asian tourists. The dessert line is poorly designed. Long lines form for the ice cream and coffee bar so thoe who just want to grab a cookie, slice of cake, or some of the very good flan have to either wait or awkwardly ask if we can go ahead. Service was OK. Our server was really nice, but we could tell the poor guy was tired. They stayed open almost 2 hours past closing because of the long lines so we could tell he needed a break.I'm looking forward to hitting this place again, although I will make sure I get there super early next time to avoid the huge lines.
5	Studio B buffet was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. It has been 2 weeks since I have been there, yet I still think about it everyday. My friends came here during the holiday weekend, so it was $30 seafood buffet for the entire day. Since Studio B was one of the newer buffets, they had a lot more to offer than other renowned Vegas Buffets, ie: Bellagio buffet. I honestly thought that it was way better than Bellagio buffet. The highlights of the buffet were:* Diego, our awesome waiter* Dessert bar - there were lots of yummy desserts, like tiramisu,       gelato (my fav was peanut butter gelato), and they even had      COTTON CANDY! * Carving station*Oyster bar - the oysters were pretty good* Crab legs - it was def the highlight of my day * Alcohol station - this was all you can drink wine and beer. I had the   Berry Cider; it made my food tasted better!* Oxtail soup* Mediterranean station - I didn't get a chance to try, but there was    hummus and Baba GhanoushI can't wait to eat here again.
4	Bang for your bucks...one of the better buffets in LV.  Everything looks and taste fresh, not like it's been sitting under a heat lamp all day.  Lots of varieties, goodies, wine and beer; don't forget you can get a shot of liquor on your ice cream.The line can be a little long and it's inconveniently located way south on the interstate, but you can't beat the quality for the value.
4	The Buffet @ the M resort has a beautiful atmosphere, I loved the huge screens you can watch that has the Food network featured on.....Lots to choose from..carving stations, wine, gorgeous view at dusk of the strip, I will definitely go back.  Very tasty!They even have a new, live cooking show inside of the buffet, opening January 26th. You must pay seperately to get in, but it was pretty cool.  You can taste the food that Tina Martini (a nutritionalist chef) cooks, which was very good and get a recipe to attempt on your own.  She educates you about photonutrients and the benefits of certain foods.
5	Probably the best buffet in the world.  And that's no exaggeration either.  I was a bit hesitant at first at trying the buffet at the M Resort, but my family wanted to go there on our way out of Vegas, so we gave it a shot.  The wait was probably around 30 mins for lunch which is normal for any buffet in the area.  When we were being led to our table, I looked around and was very impressed with the selection.  The buffet was larger than most, I would say. At first I thought to myself  "there may be lots of food, but would it live up to my expectations?"  As I quickly began to load the food onto my plate, from cali rolls, pad thai, yellow curry, pizza, king crab legs, etc, my mouth literally began to water.  I sat down and quickly stuffed everything into my mouth.  I was instantly impressed.  Everything tasted so much better than normal buffet food.  The pizza actually tasted like real pizza.  This was the first buffet I've ever been to where I loved the pizza soooo much. I've also never seen a buffet that served curry before.  The cali rolls are also worth mentioning.  They actually tasted like california rolls from a sit-down restaurant.  Normally at buffets, I end up circling around all the stations and end up getting the same things over and over.  But not at the M Resort.  Every time I got up, I quickly dashed for a new and exciting station, and picked up a different item that I loved.  The inside was super duper clean and nice looking too.  Oh yeah, there was this one worker lady that held a tray of like 1000 plates on her shoulder like I've never seen.  It was amazing.None of the buffets at on the strip can compare to this one.  My favorite used to be the spice buffet at PH.  Every time I went to Vegas, I always looked forward to the spice buffet. But now I'll be making a stop at the M resort first.  It was soooo goood.
4	This really is among Las Vegas' best when it comes to the city's iconic culinary experience -- the buffet.Studio B hits on multiple levels.  The food selection is right there with The Rio.  Probably not too surprising considering the people behind M Resort also created The Rio 20 years ago.  Italian, Mexican, American, Asian, protein, vegetarian, seafood and dessert.  All of the popular food groups are represented and not just with a taco section or spaghetti.  You'll find multiple dishes for each style of food.  Presentation is also a priority at Studio B.  When lesser buffets almost feel like a school cafeteria, you can see the quality and care from the chefs.  I can't imagine that's an easy task when cooking for hundreds.You can also tell a lot of thought went into the layout.  Instead of a long, singular spread, the experience is almost Ikea-like in how you get a chance to see everything with seemingly little effort.  All the foods are well marked and well lit.  Plenty of space means it doesn't always feel like a feeding trough.  The decor is very modern and sleek.  There's even a wrap-around video screen although it looks like it's used more for promotion and marketing.  I wonder if they had the capability of showing live sports.  THAT would make this place radical.  There's also a VIP seating area with a great view.  But I think this is probably a better view at night with the strip lit up in the distance.  During the day it's just the undeveloped side of the M Resort grounds.Final verdict: You can't go wrong.
4	Beautiful space, above average selections, great seafood on the weekends, and includes beer/wine, which I suppose justifies the $30 per person price tag.  I had a hankering for fried chicken and was blown away by the piece I sampled.  Perfectly cooked, super juicy meat and flavorful coating.  WOW!   Well worth the drive!
5	With the declining quality of the food at other Las Vegas Buffets, this one actually has some very well prepared items. Hawaiian poke!! You don't see that too much elsewhere, all you can drink beer, wine, cider...all I can say is wow...can this last? The only problem is now that everyone and their mother knows how good it is, the line are unbearable. Not only are the lines bad, but the people keeping the line in order are very inexperienced in keeping people from jumping ahead and making this a organized wait. Once inside (finally) there is spacious offerings to please all. One other suggestion I might make to the organization there is to take away the coffee bar (with Kaluah, Baileys, Disorono...) from the same area as the desserts and ice cream. Waiting in line for coffee behind many people trying to decide what flavor of ice cream to get can make you mad! Best bang for the buck here!
4	The more full I am at the end of the meal the better my experience was. I was almost to the point of needing to be rolled out, but I stopped myself (thankfully) before that point. I don't know of any other buffet that serves unlimited beer and wine. Anyone? Anyone? And there is no additional price tacked on to the regular meal price for this. The food almost made me forget how far away this hotel is from the strip. It's a good 15 minutes away which could equate to 100 minutes away when you're in Vegas. Once you're there, your'e greeted by the common roller coaster ride-like line into the restaurant. Since we were a group of 10, gratuity was automatically tacked onto our bill which I questioned. Since when did buffet staff get tips? But I quickly found that they deserve it. The service was friendly and welcoming. Onto the FOOD. Crab legs? Check. And not only one kind, multiple kinds. I got to try the regular crab legs and the garlicky crab legs. Prime Rib? Check. Juicy, fresh, meaty goodness. I paired my crab legs with more of an Asian theme with beef chow fun, kim chee, some type of crunchy noodle salad, spicy tuna sushi, salmon sushi and lots of hot sauce. With my prime rib, I paired it with more of an American/Italian theme; meaty rigatoni, mac and cheese, green beans, and mashed potatoes. I don't believe in the no carb rule when eating buffets. Carbs are very good for you! If I could I would have eaten more. The food was delicious, fresh and surpassed my expectations. All paired with a crisp, white wine. I wasn't able to bring myself to the dessert bar since I was so full, but I munched on other people's dessert; tiramisu, crepes, and ice cream.If you want a great dining experience and a break for the normal Las Vegas strip (since the M Resort is a good ways away), go here now!
3	no more player card discounts and they've replaced king crab with regular crab... ughhhheverything else is still the same, that's why they still get 3 stars
4	For sure, I had to go here for lunch since more people have gone for dinner. The lines are still long!  I asked the server what she thought was the main difference = no sushi.  They had CA rolls but no fish on top of rice.  But I made do with poke (totally hit the spot), oxtail soup (ok), fried clams, sweet potatoes (exceptionally good), prime rib (deliteful), rotisserie chicken (piping hot as he just brought it out), thai curry with mussels (so so).  I sampled the hummus, baba ganoush, guac, salsa to find it was all very good.  I'm not going to name all the gourmet desserts I tried since they were all A1 & I will need to leave more room.  But with 3 people eating lunch, I could have a bite of many & with no repercussions!!!!  All exclaimed this was a worthy lunch buffet (esp since it's a hike from the LV 'burbs).
4	I have been to the buffet @ the M twice, and I will be going back again!I love their wide range of food choice. I have been there on their seafood night (Friday, Sat, Sun). They service fresh crab legs and shrimp cocktail! It is definitely worth the $25 charge.Service is great and relaxing atmosphere.
5	I almost cried when I left... #1 - I was full and couldn't eat anymore and #2 I was full and couldn't drink anymore.I've been to many a buffet in my lifetime and this was one of the best. The main reason was the beer and wine was INCLUDED with the buffet, one drink at a time of course! I went for dinner time and paid what I expected for a vegas buffet, somewhere around $30. The place is beautiful and new, the setup was fairly maneuverable, and the food was freakin good. Studio B had an excellent range of dishes - from american, sushi, soups, italian, and even...hawaiian food! And as a hawaiian person, I approved of the poke and kalua pig. I ate so much food that I didn't even have room for dessert...what a shame. This place is officially my new buffet spot! Now I just need an excuse to go back to Vegas...
4	Certainly not the best buffet I've ever had. BUT the price does include unlimited fountain drinks, beer, and wine. HOLLA!My advice is to stick with what you like. There are a few shining stars in the midst of all that protein and carbs. I loved their CA rolls. I know what you're thinking.... Drive all the way to Vegas for CA rolls? But that's how much I like those in general. I was also impressed with their salmon sashimi. Not fishy at all! But again, not the best.Prime rib was also good. I suppose there are different people who season the roast because the piece my hubby got had a ton of seasoning on the outside so that it was a sliiiiiiiightly crispy. But the piece I got was normal. Don't forget the au jus.All salmon was dry. Both the bamboo salmon and the teriyaki salmon. I would say about 30% of the buffet is relatively Asian. They have Japanese, Chinese, Thai (nasty pad thai), and Korean. The rest is roasted American meats and a salad bar.Desserts... definitely better than other buffets. They even have cotton candy and creme brulee.Service was also very excellent. Although the food was just good... you can't beat the value. The only downside is that you have to drive a ways off the strip to get there.
4	for $23 during the week for dinner... you can't really beat that... Its clean and there's great service too.Okay, so the main things they have are good.  The sides are either average or pretty bad...  If I had to pay say $40, it'd be lower in stars.  It's still 4 stars because the prime rib is superb and the rolls are good.  Weird that their sushi is good but oh well.Creme brule was okay.  All the vanilla beans were on the bottom but I still got two of those.I tried the thai green curry and it was really good but it was the spiciest curry I've ever had in my life.  I kept eating it because it was good though but it was super spicy.Everything else from calbee, salmon, cole slaw, etc... were either average or really bad.
3	This is a second-tier Vegas buffet posing as a top-tier Vegas buffet.  I've only eaten the $30 weekend seafood buffet, so this is just a review of that, capice?  This comparatively expensive meal is only worthwhile under one of two circumstances:1.  You have a 2-for-1 coupon like I did2.  You have a bizarre fetish for crab legs.  Since imitation crab tastes exactly like very mushy real crab and costs infinitely less, I don't think this buffet can match the Spice Market, Bellagio, or Wynn buffets, and it costs just as much.  The line is just as long, too.  The entree dishes largely revolve around slight variations on the same handful of ingredients and will not blow your mind.  They're okay, but not $30 per person okay.  The dessert section, on the other hand, is top notch.  I say you go here during the week, bring a 2-for-1 coupon, eat a lot of dessert, and buy yourself a $2 package of imitation crab.
5	After checking into our hotel, we immediately went out for one of the main purposes of visiting Las Vegas: BUFFET!  I am a big fan of Bravo's Top Chef.  M Resort was the host of last season's production.  For some reason, that made me feel M Resort must have really good food.  When I went online to look up their restaurants, I found out they have a buffet that offers UNLIMITED wine and beer!  Seriously?  All you can drink booze?  We are so there!M Resort is not even in Las Vegas.  It's in the city of Henderson, which is about 15 minutes drive from Las Vegas.  The hotel was so new that I couldn't even find the location on my navigation system.  We actually had to call them for direction.  We got to the buffet around 8pm.  There was a pretty long line.After waiting in line for about 50 minutes, we were finally in!  Sunday night seafood dinner buffet is $31.95 per person.  If you have a M Resort card (those free member cards that accumulate points when you gamble there), I think you get like $2 or $3 off per person.  We were too hungry and tired to go get the cards though....The buffet is an "open kitchen" style buffet.  We could see the chefs cooking at each station.  They have a circular seafood station in the middle of the room, as well as cuisines from around the world along the wall.We didn't even sit down at our table, and just headed straight to the seafood station.  For my first plate, I got crab legs, oyster, shrimp, and a juicy piece of prime rib.  The prime rib was cooked perfectly.  It gotta be the best prime rib I've ever had in a buffet.  The crab legs was meaty and delicious.  Oyster was super fresh.  I think it only took me 10 minutes to finish this plate because (1) I was really hungry, and (2) the food was that good!  Seriously, they have AMAZING seafood here.  Everything was just so fresh and good.  Did I mention we LOVE the crab and prime rib?Oh wait!  We can't forget about the all you can drink alcohol.  You can't order alcohol from servers.  You have to bring your ID and go to the bar to get it.  They had red wine, white wine, rose wine, and beers.  You can only get 1 drink at a time, but more than welcome to go back as many times as you want to, as long as you can manage to walk to the bar still.  I don't really remember how many glasses I drank.... maybe 3 or 4?  Yeah I was pretty drunk that night, and totally got my money worth.Time for some cooked food.  Braised oxtail had meat that just fell off the bone.  So tender.  Sushi was probably the only disappointment that night.  They had a very small sushi station with just a few selections.  This was a plateful of Asian goodies.  Corn chowder was sweet and yummy.  Love the sauteed curry crab.  Clams were good, so was the kalbi.  Mussel wasn't so good.  It had a strange taste.  Like the spicy pad thai a lot.  And a bowl of clam chowder.  Of course, more crab and oyster.  I looked around the dining room, and saw all the Asian customers busy eating crab legs.  But the non-Asians were just eating noodle and pizza.  I wish I can teach them how to eat buffet "properly".  haha....Dessert time!  There was a constant line at the dessert station. I wasn't too greedy and only grabbed a few desserts that I like.  The chocolate mousse was soft and creamy with a crispy base.  So good!  Creme brulee was yummy.  Couldn't get enough of the almond tiramisu.  Dr. P's favorite was the lemon ice cream.  Macaroon was the only one I didn't like.In case you still don't know, I LOVE CRAB!  M Resort has the best seafood buffet in Las Vegas!  Totally worth the money.  I want to go to Vegas again just so I can eat at M Resort's buffet!
4	This is a great buffet.  The free wine and beer is a real crowd pleaser.  The selection of the food is outstanding as is the quality.  I say drive the extra few miles and go here.  The wait was the only problem.  We went for lunch and got there just after 2.  We were seated  just before 4.  I talked to people in line and they said it was always this busy.  Once inside the service was good and the food was great.  I also did not have that crowded rushed feel that you sometimes get in buffets.  The lunch price does end at 4 ($14.99) so give yourself plenty of time.  There is a seafood buffet on the weekends and so locals told us it was great but I did not go myself so that is second hand info.  Oh and of course go hungry you will want to try everything.
4	valentine's weekend buffet special 10am-10pm seafood buffet for $29.i came here with a  HUGE appetite and ate so much that i think i ate enough for a whole month! WINE AND BEER included! we toured everything from china, japan, italy, u.s., middle eastern. everything was just sooooo gooood! you really cant go wrong with this new buffet. i cant list everything they had, you just have to go to experience it yourself.oh ya, and this new resort is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous!!! i think i'll have to stay here the next time i'm in town. it'll definitely make the trip to the bed shorter when i'm in a food coma after visiting the buffet again =D
4	On weekends, they changed their buffett to Seafood buffet and they no longer serve breakfast buffett.  The prices went up a couple of dollars.  When I am there during weekends, I've only gone for lunch and never encountered any long lines because I get there at 11am when they open.
4	A great buffet but pretty far off the strip. Its a good thing that the M resort itself is a fun place to be. So we stood in line for about 1 hour 30 min when it was estimated a 2 hour wait which is good. Oysters and crab legs are always excellent, but what sets the crab legs apart are the fact that they are served whole. Some places like the Wynn buffet will split in 1/2 for you, really killing some of the taste. Beer and Wine being served make it awesome, but you should try the root beer that they have on tap too. Other than that, most Vegas buffet items are available, although I didn't see if they had anything made with Kobe Beef. The Best Buffet in Vegas? Probably, but not by much. For the $30 you can find other great meals in Vegas.
4	The Pros:Unlimited Wine and Beer included in priceCheaper than Wynn and Bellagio Buffet (30 dollars for seafood buffet, 15 dollars for non-seafood buffet)Fresher ingredients than Wynn and Bellagio, the snow crab legs are noticeably fresher and tastier than the ones at the BellagioHuge selection of desserts, they even have macarons!Great atmosphere, very open and spaciousThe Cons:Pretty far off the strip (about 10 miles away in Henderson)The inevitable post meal food comaOverall:Best buffet in Vegas, hands down!
4	Oh mother of all buffets!  I think the most impressive thing about this place is that they have a huge variety of food and they serve wine and beer.  Most buffets would have two areas that mirror the food on each side, but this place had different dishes all around.  They had seafood galore, sushi, prime rib, lobster claws, a nice section for italian, asian, mediterranean, american etc.  The dessert bar was awesome - creme brulee, tiramisu, crepes, pies, cheesecakes, bunch of other desserts, gelato (i was in heaven).  Next to the gelato was a small coffee bar where you can get an espresso with liquor (awesome!).  We were there early on a Saturday morning - I think it was around 10:30-11 to avoid the line and that we did.  The line formed around 11:30ish and we were glad not to have been in it.  It is a few miles off the strip but I think it's worth the drive.
5	What can i say about this place?!?!Obviously it beats every buffet i have experience in my life. The way i would compare it is, watching Avatar vs Avatar 3-D in iMAX. This place is crack. A couple of friends and myself went to this about 3 weeks ago. Random trip too. All i can say is the Sea Buffet does justice. For $30, you can't beat that. Think about it! How many places have you been to were the melted butter has its own tray? -_-...The Dessert station is what an orange county white girl reaction would be, " OH.....MY....GOD.."  Creme Brewle, Tarimasu, gelato, fruit tart, eclaire, cream puff, cookies, cake, crepes, the whole 9 yards..Word of advice if you plan to gamble after, you must!!! Absolutely Must have at least!!!! 2 gelato cups. Apparently my friend and i won lots of money cause of those gelato ice cream. Anyways if you plan on going, it's a must. I can never ever do a buffet again unless its at studio B. Enough said..
4	Sadly I am going to have to add a little footnote to my review as I feel things have gone downhill a little at Studio B. It's probably still my favourite buffet in town, but there are a few problems beginning to creep in that bear mentioning.Not only has the price gone up since opening - the $2 off with slot club card has now been discontinued. I asked why this was done last time I visited and was informed that it was a "temporary promotion" and was never intended to last forever. Since a regular discount with player cards isn't a feature unique to M I wasn't sure I believed this - it feels more like another price hike.Now, I wouldn't mind price increases if I felt they were being done to keep the excellent standard of food from when Studio B first opened, however "cutbacks" are clearly visible in several areas. An amazing array of gourmet cheeses has disappeared and been replaced by generic cubed cheddar and choices aren't being rotated in and out of the menu on anywhere like the regular basis they were in the first six months of operation. Cuts of meat also seem to be of slightly lower quality.My love for this buffet is such that i can overlook much of this, but it still makes me long for the excellence of six months ago. The real killer for me though is the fact that Studio B has eliminated virtually all options for vegetarians and when you're married to one that can seriously limit your chances to visit. My wife ends up with a plate of boring carbs on a visit here these days. I urge M to put some thought into some vegetarian options.Oh, and they really need to bring back the breakfast.
5	Close ... but not quite thee best buffet in Vegas (though technically the M Resort isn't actually in the city of Las Vegas).  This review is strictly for their Saturday seafood lunch buffet ... and I suppose it is quite unfair to compare it to thee best buffet in town:  that would be the Bellagio dinner buffet in my opinion.Having read the many positive reviews of this place, we decided to stop in on our way to the strip.  I must admit that I was quite surprised at the price being $32 for a lunch buffet, however, I was immediately informed that it was the "seafood buffet" and I accordingly whispered the words "I knew that" under my breath.The buffet itself was nicely set up.  The unlimited beer and wine selection is certainly a unique touch that the Studio B, to my knowledge, is all alone in being able to boast.  The seafood selection was good overall ... they certainly had the regular staples that you might find in your typical seafood buffet.  However, you can truly tell that the quality and freshness of the seafood at the Studio B is far superior to it's many counterparts.  A few of the highlights included the "much talked about" crab legs.  These crab legs were indeed very fresh and flavorful .... I liked the fact that you had a choice of having a cold and warm version of these legs unlike most buffets.  The crab legs were also noticeably more meaty as compared to other buffets. I also enjoyed the oxtail soup that they had available ... it's certainly not everyday that you come across this particular dish at a buffet.  This dish was truly on point when it came to it's flavor and tenderness.  The fried chicken was amazingly well prepared as well ... I know ... who would've thought that I would even mention such a pedestrian dish in this review ... but what can I say ... that chicken was "done right".  Lastly, for dessert ... I had the gelato.  Their version can certainly hang with it's European counterparts, in my book.  It was amazingly creamy and it more than reminded me of my time spent in Italy with every bite that I took.Like I said in the beginning, it's a bit unfair to compare the M Resort lunch buffet to Bellagio's dinner buffet ... which I deem as the best purely because of the unlimited Chilean Sea bass on their dinner menu.  I started this review with four stars ... however, after reminiscing a bit about my meal and putting things into perspective ... Studio B rightfully earned a 5 star rating.  Perhaps in time, I would get a chance to try their sea food dinner buffet and properly compare it to the rest.
5	Cheap buffet that's good quality! If you have a car to get to here of course, since it's off the stripsooo some pointers...1. get there early cause there's a line2. get there early i'm serious or you won't make it in 3. buffet includes drinks... i.e. beer and wine too4. know some games you can play while you're in line might be there a while5. they close like at 10 PM i think, and 9 PM is when they stop cooking that's what I hear... other then that enjoy the good LV food =)
5	I would give this place a 4.5, but the service was great, and there was no wait, so I bumped it up to a 5.The buffet is cheap for what you get. Unlimited wine and beer included!! I LOVE their warm crab legs, clam chowder, and fried calamari.. yum. They have all sorts of food from Italian, Spanish, to Thai and Chinese.. and they even have oysters! Just thinking about it makes me want to go back.
3	I like the Studio B Buffet, the selection is amazing, but I'm not totally impressed by every dish.  The food is good, but not great.  The dining room layout and food presentation are dazzling.   The price is respectable, but the waits are horrendous.  For all of the people circulating around those troughs, I'd expect the food to be fresher (at 1:00 pm), but some of the dishes seemed to dry out under the heat lamps.The best things about the Studio B are the dessert bar and the alcohol service included in the price.  I loved the gelatos and creme brulee.  I've been to buffets with less food, but better taste.  Also, the big crowds attribute to poor/understaffed waiter service.  Plates piled high at our table of 6 and I had to order 2 soft drinks to make sure I didn't run out.Just a few minor adjustments and the place would improve.  If they  figure out how to shorten the wait in line, I would probably add a 1/2 star.
4	I absolutely loathe buffets, and hardly ever go. Scratch that, never go, but not when it's done like this. Went on a Friday evening, so of course it was busy. But when you hear good things, you want to try good things. Besides crab legs alone make it worthwhile. It's a seafood buffet so oysters are a plently, and you gotta get your fill of the prementioned legs; raw or steamed even, how's that for freedom? Oh and your choice of every type of cuisine around the world. From SUSHI, to CHOW MEIN, to OX TAIL, to PIZZA, it's all here. And all good. HAWAIIN food is represented as along is THAI, plus FRIED CHICKEN, so, AMERICAN?Prices may seem steep, $30per and $23 for kids(ages 5-8), but worth every penny. Well it's never really worth it for kids anyways, not like they eat alot. Yes there is BEER, but you can't walk away with an armfull of 67 glasses, like the song says you take one down you pass it around 66 beers to go. Go go and go! Really one of the best buffets out there, and another reason why other countries hate us. Because of freedom. And probably places like buffets where we partake in stuffing our faces and go back for 11ths. But leave some room for dessert, yea the buffet has pastries and ice creams and such, but if you had the oysters you know exactly what kind of dessert you're getting at home. Happy face.
4	I was trying compare to the Wynn since that is my favorite.I think M Resort Studio B Buffet has a wider selection and if you are into beer and wine that is a nice touch.The dessert is definitely better here.  And there is a espresso/cappuccino bar (not sure what Wynn has).Anyways everyone in my group liked it.  My wife liked this place better than the Wynn.  I think it was about even for me.  Definitely one of the better places.  And their asian food is much better than the Wynn.  It actually has a really wide selection (whereas the Wynn just had some potstickers and a few other things).
4	4 stars= room for improvement, but bombass seafood buffet nonetheless. I've been here twice- once for late lunch and another time for dinner. Both times for their weekend-only seafood buffet.LocationAlthough still connected to Las Vegas Blvd., M Resort's Studio B is actually in the city of Henderson, 10 miles away from the strip and right next to the I-15 freeway.AmbienceWhen you walk in, to your right is the dessert and immediately to your left is the beer and wine server. I like to start with a little beer- it heightens my senses. Locations of other foods are easy to discover. It's brightly lit around  the food and drink area then dims down toward the tables and booths. If you go at night, there's a nice view out the window. I like how the food is arranged.. all relatively close and concentrated in a circular display (unlike Rio's world buffet where it's one straight long line).PriceAbout $30 per adult for weekend-only seafood buffet. Price includes wine or beer! ServiceSeating may take a while depending on the crowd. The line took 10 minutes for my late lunch around 3pm. For my dinner at 9pm, the line would have taken at least 30 minutes, but luckily it was my friend's 21st bday so they put us at the front of the line. Other than that, it's a buffet! Serve yourself! Waiters will come by to get your drink order, collect used plates, and get you whatever you need. Very friendly service here.FoodI'm crazy about their snow crab legs. It comes right out of the shell and is barely salted.. perfect! You can have them hot or cold. They dedicate a huge tray just to melt over a gallon of butter for it! Oysters are raw and delicious. Coctail shrimp is... cocktail shrimp- can't go wrong. Prime rib roast- nice and juicy. Although they don't have the biggest alcohol selection, you can pair these foods with cider, wine(white zin, merlot, chardonnay) or beer(house lager, coors light). Sushi here definitely needs improvement. It does not taste fresh and I hate the rice. I haven't had everything else here, but they offer some Thai, Chinese, all American, Greek, and plenty more. If you're not a seafood eater, there's fried and grilled chicken, pork bbq ribs, and a variety of rice and pasta dishes. Dessert here is phenomenal.  They offer ice cream, gelato, creme brulee, scones, cookies, tira misu, brownies, cakes, mousse, pie, fruit tarts, crepes... Yea... Looking forward to my third trip in April!Last WordsDisregard the 10 minute ride away from the strip. Their seafood buffet is worth it! Eat, nap if necessary, and party!
5	I recently returned and while they still have a long wait, the policy described below is no longer in effect. The buffet is probably one of the best buffets in Vegas, and definitely the best for the amount that you pay. This place has adopted a policy that both audacious and unconscionable. They will not let you wait in line, but rather hand you a voucher that will allow you to wait online at a later time after you spend time gambling at their casino. How much could their casino be hurting that instead of feeding hungry people they are forcing people to gamble. This place came highly recommended but I say cavet emptor. If you go you will be annoyed about the wait, especially after a long drive from the strip. HOWEVER, the food is really good and at a good price. Maybe they will figure out some way to get their act together because the food really is worth it.
3	This is the second time I've been to this buffet at the M Resort.  The first time was right after they opened and I was blown away with the amazing selection and high quality of the food. My first visit to this restaurant would have given them 5 stars.  On my most recent visit yesterday, I was not nearly as impressed,  At $16.95, the price is great....this includes unlimited beer, wine, and coffee bar with Irish Creme, Kahlua, etc.  The wine and beer selection is limited and does not include any premium beers or wines.  The one beer I had was a M Resort beer (brewed just for them) and the bartender said it was similar to Heineken.  It did taste similar to Heineken but was served room temperature in a warm glass.   The wine was "house wine" but not too bad.  The coffee bar is great with a barista serving up Irish Creme cappucino...very tasty.  The soups were good and so were some of the entrees.  My main disappointment was in the freshness of some of the entrees.  The Pad Thai seemed old and the noodles were hard, all the meat at the carving stations, including leg of lamb, and pork roast were extremely dry.  Many of the other meat entrees were also dry.  Not many of the entrees stood out as delicious to me.  My favorites were the sushi, Shepherd's Pie and Paella.  You'll definitely find something you like here and the $16.95 price is great (more on the weekends during their seafood buffet), but I believe the quality of this buffet has gone down significantly since the M Resort opened.
4	Very expensive buffet, about 32 bucks a person, but great food quality. Beer and wine service as well, included in the price. Just don't try and double fist it, they'll only serve you one drink at a time.Loads of crablegs, both hot and chilled. These seemed to be the main attraction. Also sushi, pizza, asian, and american sections, and a great dessert selection. Pretty much everything under the sun. You really get what you pay for with this buffet, but I still prefer the Feast at the Stations properties for about half the price.
5	My favorite buffet in Las Vegas, or maybe even anywhere!! I used to love the Wynn buffet, but this place has so much more variety and they probably taste the stuff they make.Nowhere else can you find pad thai, chow fun, and sweet potatoes. I was amazed at the selection! I had eight plate fulls before I finally left after two hours. =) They also include free beer and free coffee drinks (espresso, cappuccino, etc). You just have to get up and get it yourself. The dessert bar is the best I've tried. Love the little dessert cups, but the mango and coconut sorbet was probably the best. SO heavenly and actually tasted like you were eating the fruit! I am so going back every time I go to Vegas!
5	Wow, high end buffet for a moderate price.  I did not get that "buffet food taste" at all.  Skip the places on the strip and come here. They had AYCD Coors light, Papst, M Lager (Becks), M Cider (Wyder or Woodchuck's Raspberry Cider) and some Yellowtale knockoff.Great sushi and deserts.  The only knock is that it, for lunch anyway, lacks some of the high end items which the other high end buffets have.  I guess the good booze makes up for this.Dinner/Brunch swaps out some items for better seafood/cuts of meat.
5	The quality of the food is great. So many different choices. Fresh seafood. Plenty of proteins. Tons of salad options. The chili con carne was phenomenal. Unlimited beer and wine. The coffee was amazing. The dessert variety was out of this world. I can keep going but I won't. Instead, you need to go and see it for yourself.Lines were long but we were lucky enough to have a friend (Zeeshan H.) to get us a comp and bypass the line. Thanks bro!I will be back but before then, I'm taking a nap. Fooood coma!
5	When it comes to buffets, Vegas has THE best buffets.  And when it comes to Vegas buffets, Studio B at the M Resort is the current reigning champ in my book.  Maybe it's because they are located so far from everybody else on the strip that they needed something to hook in more visitors.  Well, they've certainly got me--hook, line, and sinker!At the center of it all is the prime rib station.  It is quite apparent that Studio B has decided to make this the Vegas prime rib to end all Vegas prime ribs.  All other buffet prime ribs pale in comparison.  Now granted, this is a buffet after all, so you will have to be somewhat strategic in your timing in order to get the best possible cut.  Go up too soon or too late, and you will end up with a slice that is too close to the edge of the slab.  Hence it will be more cooked, i.e. dryer than the center cuts.  But what you do get will be succulent and flavorful rivaling even places like Lawry's!  OK, maybe it's not that good, but you will be pleasantly surprised at how good it really is.To the left is where all the Asian foods are.  When you see actual Asians complimenting the Asian food at a buffet, that's really saying something!  I normally view buffet sushi as a sort of kiss of death, but I must admit, the sashimi salad at Studio B was pretty good.  Not just passable, but actually pretty good.  To the right is the more Eurocentric cuisines (Spain, Greek, etc.).  They have stuff like Paella, Caprese Salad, Tabouleh, etc.).  Point is, we all know that Vegas has tourists from all over the world.  Studio B has got mostly everyone covered.Now the real star of the show (if you ask me) is the dessert!  Good lord!  Everything from the tiramisu, to the creme brulee, to the chocolate chip cookies are fan-tastic!  And bless them for making everything in small little portions so that you can sample everything!  I swear, biting into their desserts almost brought a tear to my eye.  Where other buffets have one ice cream machine, churning out vanilla, Studio B has Gelato!  In a dozen or more flavors!  This is not your typical buffet dessert of stale minicakes with a swipe of icing as an afterthought.  Folks, the desserts at Studio B are definitely legit.People come to Vegas for all sorts of reasons.  Studio B has given us all one more reason to head to this desert town.
4	This review is for the Seafood Buffet only. It's available on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday lunch and dinner.The buffet used to be cheaper, now its $29.95, but definitely still worth it. They used to have the $2 off per person who has their rewards card, but it has now been canceled. The line can get pretty long, since the word got out about what a great deal this place has. Just get there a bit earlier so by the time you get inside, its dinner time already. Even though its about 10 mins away from the strip, its definitely worth the drive out there. There's all you can drink of red wine, white wine, rose wine, beer and cider. There's plenty of seafood to choose from: snow crab legs, shrimp, oysters, fish, etc. They have several kinds of crab legs: cold, warm with melted butter, stir fried with ginger and onions. There is a carving station with the typical prime rib and lamb leg. The desserts are amazing. There's plenty of cakes, pastries and cookies to choose from. They even have a ice cream station with more than 10 flavors to choose from, and either waffle or sugar cone, or just in a cup. They even have a coffee machine where you can request coffee, cappuccino, mocha, or any other coffee-based drink. For a buffet, this is a pretty good deal, the quality is decent and there's plenty of variety to satisfy everyone's palette. The servers are quite quick on their feet in bringing you your requests. I definitely recommend this place over other seafood buffets in Vegas. The Rio seafood buffet can not even compare!! Its worth the drive, the wait and the money!!
5	I wish I took pictures!! The decor was pretty nice, realistic future kinda feel. the line was crazy when we got there at 4 but played the slots for a bit and the wait wasn't too bad. 45+ tips for two ppl alright price. The food definitely doesn't make u think of buffet food. Everything tasted fairly well, large variety of things, pizzas, pastas, seafood, meat, sushi, many diff salads. Unlimited beer and wine. Fruits and desserts. All I know is....I was stuffedd!!! Yum happy indeed, i would sooo go againnn
4	For the price, this is the best buffet in the Vegas area.  And, this is coming from someone who would only go to the Bellagio, Wynn, or Spice Market buffet up until I discovered Studio B.The vegetarian stuff I can remember:  Mac + cheese, mashed potatoes, at least 5 salads, veggie pizza, cheese pizza, hummus, olives, buffalo mozzarella + tomatoes, veggie sushi (it had tomato in it though - strange), about 6 different breads, cajun-seasoned potato wedges, spring rolls, veggie chow mein, fruits.We went to Studio B twice on our last Vegas trip.  Two buffets in one trip is unprecedented - the same buffet two days in a row is simply unheard of.  It was that good.  $15 for lunch, and you get free beer (PBR, Coors light, M Lager, M cider) and free wine.  Plus, they have Thomas Kemper root beer on draft!  I don't think anyone knows about the free beer and wine because I didn't see it advertised anywhere, and the few people I saw get some tried to pay, assuming it was not free.  Get some!They also have gelato, and next to the gelato station you can get coffee drinks with free Kahlua, Baileys, and a few other liqueurs that go well with coffee.  No doubt, I'll be back - as long as they keep the prices low.  If they raise it to as much as Bellagio and Wynn, I'd pick Bellagio or Wynn instead.
4	Forget about the overpriced fancy buffet along the strip. This is the place to go for buffet that is priced right no frills good food all the way.Came here with friends for easter lunch and the wait was absolutely worth it.Everything is good.From staff to service and the food.Nice modern ambiance.Will be back for more!!!!
5	Does this place really need another 5-star review? I don't think so, but because I loved this place so much, I've decided to throw in my two cents.THREE WORDS: WARM CRAB LEGS!That alone deserves a 5-star rating! My group and I were there two saturdays ago - we got there at 11:30 and there wasn't any line..but we saw the line starting to form not long after we were seated. GET THERE EARLY AND HUNGRY. You will need your stomach to fill with all the yummy food Studio B buffet has to offer! Will definitely return!!!!
3	If you're going to Vegas, this is definetely a place to go for a yummy Vegas buffet without hurting your wallet.  For less than $30, you can eat til your heart gives out with unlimited all you can drink beer and wine.  On weekends, they have their seafood buffet, a little pricier but still about $30 per person.  They have a great selections of cold and steamed king crab legs, shrimp cocktail, raw oysters, and oven roasted whole salmon.  If you've been to Rio's world buffet, it kinda similar, where they group off the food by orgin.  They have a Thai station, Chinese station, Korean station, Mexican station, Italian station, Japanese station, and my favorite the dessert station.  The service was great and promptly cleaned our dirty plates.  Come early if you're planning on eating here.  The later is gets, the longer the lines.
4	Studio B Buffet is the hot new kid on the block.It has a staggering array of food choices from just about every corner of the planet.  American, Italian, Hawaiian, Chinese, etc.All the food I tried was fresh, well prepared and tasty.Your meal comes with all you can drink beer or wine.  They even have a barista that will make your coffee to order, and even add liquers to your libation.To finish your meal, there is a wide selection of desserts that come in bite sized portions so that you can try all of them.  They even have a large selections of gelatos to choose from.This is one of the better buffets in Vegas, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
5	Chicagoan visiting here. Wow, I have been there 2 times this year and both times failed to disappoint! I am in love with their endless choices of seafood, meats and fresh veggies. I'm not much of a crab leg person as my friends/family but this buffet has plenty of great options for you if that is the case! I opted for their shrimp and prime rib, (my fav) and everything else in between. You really have to pace yourself because it is impossible to try everything they have without drowning yourself, that or a heart attack, whichever comes first.Then there are the desserts!! O...M...G.... the desserts! For someone who has a much of a sweet tooth as I do, this was indeed pure  HEAVEN. They have all your regular stuff like cheese cake, cookies,  brownies, etc. But then you move along the line and you see these cute little dessert cups nicely decorated and seemingly made just for you. Yes, you!!  There's a fruit and custard/yogurt one, a tiramisu, one with banana... Yum. The best part is, they are small so you can sample more without wasting or feeling as bad when you grab every....single... one to try. heheh...Really, at this point there is no turning back, you may as well go FTW! Then there is also creme brulee and flan (fav), and gelato at the very end (another fav). Overall, I cannot think of any negatives of Studio B, except that I wish my stomach would stretch to accommodate my visits to you. And also that you would move to Chicago..*sigh*til next time Vegas!!!
3	A friend of my husbands reccommended to come here.  He told us to come for lunch, when it was cheaper and less crowded, and of course we didn't listen.We went on a weekday night (Tuesday, I believe), and waited in line for an hour.  An hour.  I can only imagine what the line is like on the weekends.The buffet is massive, and includes a ton of variety, but I was still left kinda disappointed (I should note here that I don't eat meat - maybe twice a year at a Persian restaurant).  My husband loved the seafood, meat, hearty selections.  I went for pizza and pasta and generally junk.  The pizza was not pizza, in fact it's labeled "pizza bread.". It's thinner and floppier than paper.  The taste is blah.  The pasta is underwhelming.  This buffet has a redeeming value for me though: dessert bar.So delicious, they have everything, including an ice cream stop where you can order parlor style.  They have sugar free desserts too (the cheesecake was so-so, but hey, it's sugar free).I think this place is too far off the strip (if you love Vegas and go a lot like I do, you're either a strip lover or a strip hater, I'm a strip lover), so I guess we'll go back cause my husband liked it, but not very often.
4	If I wasn't so hungover and sick from a night of raging on the Strip, I would have definitely gorged myself 100x more at this awesome Seafood Buffet!Sure, there was a line. And yes, an inordinate amount of Asian families. But unlimited wine/beer? And crab legs for days?! I say yes to Studio B Buffet a million times over. For only $30, you can pig out on crab legs, paella, oysters, mussels, sushi, and tempura. There is also a breakfast section open until 3 pm and a selection of Italian food.  The dessert was also great - but stay away from the pies. They're old and taste stale. Otherwise, I loved the cream puffs, tiramisu, and chocolate souffle (which was more like an airy cake and not very soft). This is a great value buffet compared to what you find on the strip. I definitely ate more than $30 worth of crab. Just make sure you're sober enough to enjoy it all!
5	My friends and I go to Vegas about 3 times a year, and of all the buffets that I've had, the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort is at the THE top of the list. OH MY GOD.Bad side? The resort is off the strip, way off. However, if you do find the time to drive about 10 miles down Las Vegas Blvd, you will see the most beautiful blue building literally in the middle of nowhere. When you go inside the building, go up the escalators, past the lobby filled with the beautiful white tulips, down the endless rows of casino tables and slot machines and you will finally see it. The Studio B buffet. OMG.Hands down, most variety of food I've seen in any Vegas buffet (including Rio and Paris), and best tasting overall. They've got sushi, chinese food, thai food, italian food, the largest variety of salads of any buffet AND an open bar. HELL YEA! Did I mention that their dessert section has a full service gelato stand? HELL YEA!The prices of this beautiful man-made heaven goes like this: you'll find the cheapest prices for lunch on a WEEKDAY only. On weekends it is only brunch, which is about $25 I believe. Dinner is about $32 and that includes the seafood buffet (seafood buffet = crab legs, shrimp, and oysters). I don't really care to spend my time and energy cracking those crab legs, plus I don't really care for oysters, so the lunch buffet is good enough for me! BTW, it can get REALLY crowded around 7 or 8 for dinner, so try to come earlier like around 5 or 6. The wait can get REALLY long (once it was about 45 minutes!)You can bet your bootie that I will be back here! HELL YEA!
4	Why This Buffet? 1.) Go For Lunch- $14.95 best deal I think after all if you go anywhere else pretty decent it will cost at least that for an entree & drink 2.) WINE & BEER INCLUDED!!!! So for all those nursing a hangover or gettin' in early...and can drink..makes it soo worth it. Please tell me what other Buffet offers this for lunch? 2 beers on tap (lager & coors I think?); & cheap wine red, white & zin 3.) Gelato & Cafe Latte w/ your choice of regular syrup or spiked w/ Baileys or Kahlua 4.) My focus was the ahi poke, mussels, beef ribs, pork ribs, & fried shrimp. The rest of the Buffet is meh- regular I thought..but just depends on what you like Conclusion - come here if you'll at least spend $15 on lunch anywayz. Gets a bit busy so expect a wait of at least 20 min. on a weekday. P.S. BF wants to mention the line procedure is assinine as you couldn't tell the line to pay for the buffet vs. the ppl who already paid and were waiting as it was just a clump of ppl...wonder why they didn't use the shinny line railings & put them to use
4	Beautiful new buffet with lots of selections to nosh on. The wait time is hefty for a weekend night, minimum 30 minutes but it is worth it. They offer free beer and wine which is pretty sweet if you are into that. I am not a huge drinker but I can definitely see the perks when you are paying $30/per person like all the other places. I guess that is their way of getting folks in off the strip. We went on a seafood night (Friday). It was good, fresh cracked crab legs, oysters on the 1/2 shell, fresh chilled shrimp, fried clams (YUM) and salmon baked on bamboo (just to name a few items). I thought the selection was healthy in choices and quality was better than some of the other buffets I have had. Their desert selection was pretty incredible. I think desert is my favorite part of a buffet. When else can you bring 5 different selections to the table and just eat a bite of each with no guilt?! LOVE IT! I am kinda loving the fresh cotton candy too, can't beat it.Overall I think it is a worthy contender for one of the best buffets in Las Vegas.
4	Ok so I was kidnapped and dumped in the middle of the desert and stumbled upon the M resort and came into their buffet. Alright the real story was my friend had a local friend that met up with us and took us out here to eat. We went for lunch on a Saturday and I must say the quality and selection was pretty good. They still had some breakfast food out which I love, but it wasn't great. Their other items were pretty tasty though. They had everything from Asian  to midwest to southern comfort foods - all pretty good. The paella I got was a little watery though, but still pretty good. I managed to get like 3 plates of food and couldn't do anymore. They had a nice dessert section too that I passed on. Supposedly alchohol is free here too and they had some type of wine station too. I guess I would come here again if I rented a car in Vegas, otherwise it is a little out of the way.
5	I really don't enjoy buffets. But if you go with friends to Vegas, you really have to give in and go for the experience. I had already been disappointed by the ones at Bellagio and Wynn. One more wouldn't hurt. This is a really great buffet! The experience was really pleasant and quite fun! I love the unlimited free wine and beer. Red wine wasn't bad.  I love that they have warm king crab legs AND cold king crab legs. Dessert room features macaroons! This is my favorite Vegas buffet!
5	Hands down the BEST buffet in Las Vegas! We got to try the weekend seafood buffet at $30 and it did not disappoint. The quality of the food was great, considering it was a buffet. The variety of food was impressive as well, and the choices were all quite cohesive. The highlights of the buffet for me were the fresh oysters, king crab legs, baked mussels, prime rib, cocktail shrimp, and the fried shrimp. There are also bottomless sodas, wine, and beer on tap that are included in this buffet.. Now how many buffets can offer you that??The dessert bar is to die for with tons of gelato flavors to choose from! The creme brulee, chocolate souffle, and meringue are a definite must try! And to top it all off, you can get lattes, hot chocolate or even spike your coffee with some baileys or kahlua, and come back for more as many times as you'd like! Sure, it's 10 miles off the strip, but it's definitely worth the 15 minute drive. At the end of it all, I was satisfied and full, not disgustingly full, which is always a great thing.
5	Prime Rib, check! Crab Legs, check! Unlimited beer or wine?! Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat??? That wasn't on my list but good lord, yes, please!!! I am not much of a Buffet person but there are only 2 buffets that I'd even consider going to and Studio B is one of them! In any buffet, it's usually expected that the quality of the food will not have the same attention as a regular sit down joint because, let's face it, buffet food is cooked in bulk and sometimes quality is lost. I did not experience that with Studio B. Crab Legs were not over cooked, oysters nice and plump, wide variety of pastas and dessert, you can choose from Gelato and various other oven baked goodies! All of the things that I always look for :) BTW, some sugar-free desserts available!It's a very large Buffet, high ceilings, modernized decor and there's also a seating area that has a view of the Strip. We haven't had any issues with service, plates are cleared and drinks are refilled, usually upon request but I don't knock them for that because most times that we eat there, it's during the peak hours so they're usually running around like chickens with their heads cut off. NOTE: There is a LONG wait, you can wait in line 1-2 hours sometimes. Prepare yourself for that unless you arrive right when they open. When you're standing in line, there's a TV monitor that shows the prices and menu.
4	This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  Always a line so be prepared to wait if you go on the weekends.    Has anything and everything you can imagine.  Roast, prime rib, turkey, ham, ribs, chinese, italian, and good old american dishes.  Free wine or beer with your meal.  Desert bar is to die for.  Been there 4 or 5 times and haven't been disappointed.
5	I love this place.  After seeing the hotel on Top Chef, I couldn't wait to step foot into this landmark (in my mind, at least).  It looked a lot smaller than it appeared on TV.  Weird.  But once you step inside, the place is gorgeous.  It's not on the strip, and you'll probably have to use some sort of transportation on wheels to get here, but it's worth it.  My family and I came here for Christmas dinner, thinking since it wasn't in the crowded area, that it would be easier to get food.  Wrong.  It was chaos everywhere for Christmas.  There were a million and a half people vying for seats in this extremely new buffet.  So many that they did a time system for people to come back and wait in line.  We got there at 6:30pm, our time slot to return to wait in line was 9:30pm.  Buffet closed at 11pm.  We had no choice but stay.We played the penny slots until it was our time to wait in line.  My mom won like $40 and I won like, $30 on the penny slots.  Already love this place even more.We waited in line and we finally got in.  Since it was Christmas dinner, it came with beer and wine.  You can only get one at a time, but you can get as many as you wanted, as long as you didn't feel embarrassed.The food was fresh and hot.  Everything was well made, with high quality.  Our server was super attentive.  Everything was gorgeous in there and everything looked good to eat.  Their dessert counter was super long and they served gelato!  I love gelato.  We all stuffed ourselves with fresh king crab legs and shrimp cocktail.  I love seafood.  And when a buffet has fresh, high-quality, not-too-salty seafood, I like it that much better.I wish I had 4 more stomachs to fit in all I wanted to eat.  Yes, I am a pig.
4	This could be hands down the Best Buffet in Las Vegas.I'll start with the complaints I have (trivial but needing to be noted)1- Even with a line pass (got one from the poker room) the line was still pretty long (then again it's good so it didn't surprise me)2- The location The M is just too damn far away, if this place wasn't in the middle of no where, I'd visit more.3- The Prime Rib was at Medium (I know people like it a little more done but come on it's prime rib it should be med-rare tops)4- The Layout is a little odd and can bottle neck at some points5- Kids (this is a problem I have everywhere...it's vegas leave the kids at home!!!)Not for the good Stuff$25 for dinner is a great price, and that includes Beer, Hard Cider, and Wine.The Cider is really good, the beer offerings are a little weak but hey it's free, not much of a wine guy so I don't know how that was.The View, a great spot overlooking the entire valley and the Strip.They have an ton food, there was Asian, Italian, BBQ, Mexican, A huge salad bar, sushi, a raw bar, and lots lots more, I had 3 plates full and I don't think I had half the stuff offered.A few of the Highlights for meThe Kielbasa is great, the Garlic Tri-Tip was excellent, The Mac and Cheese is solid, the sushi is really good for buffet sushi, and did I mention it included Beer, Wine, and Hard Cider?Oh and don't even get me started on the Dessert Bar..OMG...I was in Fat Kid Heaven, Warm Chocolate Chip Cookies, Souffles, Tarts, Hand Scooped Ice Cream, Espresso, and a ton of other options, the dessert bar is worth the price alone.well that and did I mention it included Beer, Wine, and Hard Cider???
5	What's the advantage of going off the beaten path (the Strip) and venturing out into the desert in search of low-priced, high quality buffet food?Pluses:- $23.95- great quality dishes such as salmon on a wooden plank and lobster legs (!)- unlimited wine or beer or hard cider (!)- coffee bar (with shots of liquor!)- gelato bar- everything was top notch in terms of food, ESP for buffet food.Cons:-1.5 to 2 hour line during feeding time (lunch/dinner)This place has changed my mind about how I should judge Vegas buffets! Way better than the Wynn.
4	I recently went back at end of April 2010.  They no longer serve breakfast, got rid of $2 off if using reward card, and price went up.  Also they serve seafood buffett during weekends-Fri-Sun.  During M-Thurs, they only serve regular buffett.  Love their pizzas, chinese, and thai food.  Sometimes they are hit and miss on tri tip.  They also added rigatoni spaghetti and fried shrimp, mussels, paella, fried clams as the replacement for the seafood during weekday buffetts.  I really miss their breakfast and seafood items.  M Resort still has better buffett than Harrahs or Flamingo.
5	This resort is quite enjoyable.  Being a local, I look for a clean casino which caters to locals.  The Studio B Buffet doesn't disappoint.  Its a little pricey but Saturday night was fantastic!  Crab legs are the best.  Tap beer doesn't hurt my feelings either!  Save room for dessert because you are in for a treat-featuring creme brulee!  Niiiiiice!
4	A very good buffet at the M hotel.High lights: fresh crab, gelatto, huge variety, unlimited booze, coffee bar, very new and clean.The prime rib was kind dry and not very flavorful, overall it was good but some things were ok/bad I hear it's super busy on the weekends especially at night, we went on a sunday lunch and we got in very quicklyAlso, it's quite a ways off the strip beaten path, so not sure it's worth driving the 15 minutes to get there if you are at the strip.  Might be a good place to hit going home or first arriving though.
3	Maybe I'm just getting too old for this, but the wait at this buffet in the M Casino Hotel is demeaning if you're not a VIP (those folks get preferential seating) and the cashiers/hostesses exude an arrogant attitude. First you wait on a line to pay and then another line to wait to be seated. It took over 40 minutes for us to be led to our table, and the original line was only about 30 people deep. The seafood buffet, however, is pretty good. You can have as much beer or wine as you like with the meal, and for those gavones out there who consider eating a personal challenge, the quantity of food available is eye-popping.  For $29.95 pp, that's not bad.The rating would have been higher if they didn't have that infuriating elitist wait.
5	Alas, we finally made it to the Studio Buffet at the M Resort. It was a perfect early dinner on the way out from lounging at the M Pool Party, Daydream on a Saturday.  We were buzzed and super hungry. Loved the various food selection at the buffet, especially the delicious crab legs and oysters. For some reason, I concentrated on the crab legs and ate about 50 plates of it! Not to mention more than a few plates of oysters. I also appreciated that they had hot and cold crab legs to choose from. The shrimp was a little dainty, but was still tasty.I did try the prime rib and kalbi which was all delicious and other things that I can't recall but do know that I enjoyed it all! I do remember having a slight remorse after paying $30 per person, but after eating, it was well worth it! I would definitely come back again and try the rest of the food and especially more of the crab legs!
5	We decided to stop by the Studio B Buffet before leaving Vegas, and boy am I glad we did! This is by far my favorite buffet in Vegas, and I can't wait to go back. For $30, you get unlimited beer, wine, cider, oysters and king crab legs- both cold or hot! I absolutely love fruity ciders so I drank about 3 glasses that day and left happily buzzed. The mac and cheese was surprisingly really good too. DESSERTS! I usually have low expectations for desserts at buffets. They're usually mediocre and the cakes tend to be dry. But not at Studio B buffet! Every dessert I tried was delicious, my favorite being the creme brulee. I had started eating my desserts while my other friends were still chowing down on their oysters and crab legs so they asked me which desserts were worth trying. I told them to try everything!
5	The buffets are all the same in Vegas. Wynn, Bellagio, etc...I felt this way about the M the first time I tried it in Oct 09 and I wasn't blown away at all. I'm never too excited about spending $30 on a buffet, I rather spend an extra $20 and get an 18oz Steak. My girlfriend was craving crab legs and we decided to give the M another shot. It was Seafood Weekend so, maybe they can steam some crab legs for us (assuming they were cold). Brunch was also served. UNLIMITED BEER & WINE IS INCLUDED IN YOUR MEAL!!!When I got there and found out their crab legs were kept Warm = Automatic 5 Stars!!! The $30 is now justified. I usually go to Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet for steamed crab legs, but there's a line to request to have the legs steamed and I always feel obligated to tip the guy steaming the legs. They offer a reasonable variety of other food including a variety of Asian dishes and the "usual" stuff. The dessert section was surprisingly good. They offered Chocolate Souffle (but heir version was pretty much a warm and soft chocolate cake) and I topped it with vanilla ice cream. They also offer a 1/2 inch ice cream cone. It was hilarious just looking at it. I took a picture of my gf eating it, but if I post it up, she'll get mad, but we'll just leave it at that. Waffle cones are also available. Prices for Sat-Sun were $30 and service was exceptional.
5	Best casino buffet in Las Vegas because of the following reasons:- under $30 for a seafood buffet- includes unlimited wine and beer- quality was not sacrificed for quantity- cold and hot crab legs- oysters- excellent pad thai (for a buffet)- good beef stroganoff - the sushi is decent- chocolate molten cake IS TO DIE FOR- creme brulee was well-done (for a buffet)- an assortment of tasty gelato- good layout with floor to ceiling windows facing The StripDefinitely worth the $35 cab ride followed by a 45 minute wait.
4	We went there for lunch on Friday around noon.Pros:1. Great selections - pastas, sushi rolls, all tasted good except mexican food.2. Beautiful interiors, great services. Our server brought drinks before they go empty, brought coffee in 3 min!3. Great price - $15 for lunch!Con:1. Long wait - waited about 30-40min. but then, this means this buffet is good so try to avoid peak dining hours.
4	This definitely would be a five star buffet if it weren't for a few minor drawbacks that can easily be fixed. The food was prepared fresh, didn't taste like it was sitting there for an hour. The quality of the meat was great.  ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER AND WINE!! yes.. you read that correctly.... ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER AND WINE!! Now what prevented me from giving this buffet a 5 star rating is the lack of certain necessities when at a Vegas buffet. 1. During the time I ate there, they had no prime rib. But I do believe they have it on any normal night. 2. Crab... no crab when I was there. Although, i do believe weekends are seafood nights. Not sure if they have King crab or just snow crab. 3. The wait. Went on a weekday and still waited about a good 45 minutes. Cant imagine on a weekend. Well, you would think that these would be enough reasons to bring the rating to a 3 star, but the food that they did have was amazing. And to top it off.... I met Mike Tyson while eating there... glad my ear wasn't on his plate.
5	Well VIP line and comped buffett is always a good thing...my friends and i were seated at the far end which could have been either the beginning or the end of the buffet - convenient because you can systematically make your way towards the other end and not miss a dish....well, maybe I would end up missing something because I tend to eat the same thing at a buffet (if it's good, of course)...prime rib!  Oh my gosh, seasoned and cooked perfectly, melts in your mouth, juicy and flavorful, side of sweet potatoes with gooey marshmallows and a spinach salad...and I'm done.  Ok, ok...I did try the beef and pork ribs, those were good, didn't try the crab - hate touching my food with my hands, and I didn't try the sashimi or sushi...hey, I'm all about the sashimi, but there was not much out there, but california type rolls etc.  I have to say though, the dessert bar beats out the Wynn buffett..oh yes it does (and I love everything at the Wynn!).  I really don't think I made it all the way aound the buffett.  The prime rib just stopped me in my tracks.  The creme brulee, that chocolate molten cake, ice cream, tarts...i couldn't eat it all - total sadness!  I did get a scoop of pistacio gelato to go.  I can't wait to come back.
4	For the price we paid for, which is a little under $30, you get good quality food and service.  What more can you ask for at a buffet?  Unlimited wine and beer?  Yup, they have that too!  I've tried their:- cold crab legs (always a treat)-prime rib with their creamy horseradish sauce (good)- ahi poke (raw tuna) (had better)- tako poke (octopus) (okay)- fried shrimp (had better)- shrimp cocktail (nothing fancy)-creme brulee (good)Other items they offered:- bamboo salmon (salmon baked on bamboo sticks) - array of sushi (california rolls and spicy tuna)- mac and cheese- cod- Thai food (pad thai and curry)-curry-hot crab legs-oysters-pasta and pizza station-Chinese food (beef with broccoli, stir fry veggies, orange chicken)-tri tip-fried chicken-salad barTheir dessert/coffee station was great.  Everything presented looked scrumptious but I only had room for creme brulee with macadamia nut coffee.  I need to take advantage of their all you can drink beer and wine the next time I'm here.
5	so far, Studio B is the manny pacquiao of vegas buffets.1) voted the #1 buffet in vegas - and reigning champ until knocked out2) attracts filipinos like a PPV fight night... seriously, who knew free beer, all you can eat crab legs and seafood buffet, and cheap prices would turn out so many asians.3) i heard you can kareoke it up like Pacman on friday nights too... just kidding... but that would be kinda cool tho...
1	HORRIBLE! Do NOT go unless you want to wait for over an hour in line, overpay for mediocre food and zero service. There are so many wonderful restaurants In Vegas - I can not believe so many people think this one is good. The cedar-plank Salmon was like shoe leather. The fried foods were everwhere, the salads were picked over, even the plates were dirty. Yuck! I am so incredibly sorry I chose to try this buffet. People of Vegas, you deserve better! Vote with your wallets/feet!
5	went here for lunch and it was awesome for 14.99. every item of food that i sampled was delicious and the desserts were great. there is no buffet in vegas that stacks up to this one (that i have been to).
5	Not a huge fan of Buffets but this one changed my mind. The prime rib was excellent, it was cooked to perfection by being medium. I actually went back for 2nds on the prime rib. The crab legs were meaty and fresh and easy to break in to. The variety was superb:  korean bbq, sushi, pizza, etc... they all seemed to be excellent.The dessert bar was awesome with a variety of sorbets to macarrones that were excellent. Don't miss out on this, best buffet in vegas for now.
4	I try and stay away from buffets only because I always overeat. You just can't help, but eat especially when it comes to this buffet. I always start on one side and try to make my way around, but by the time I reach the other side the hunger has subsided. This time, we didn't go on a weekend for their seafood buffet. Instead it was just a normal Wednesday evening, which surprisingly was still busy. I always start on the salad side and then work my way around to the asian side eventually. 1. Prime Rib- Flavorful, tender and oh so good2. Mac and Cheese- I remember being in love with this last time and I probably went back 3 times for this.3. Clams- my favorite of the night with a lil spicyness, but some older asian guy in front of me took about 98% of them so I had my bf on the stake out for a new batch4. Salmon/Tuna/Red Snapper Nigri- I was pleasantly surprised with how fresh the salmon and red snapper was5. California Roll- this was also a surprise, it was a generic roll with masago, but pretty delicious6. Creme Brulee- The top could have been a lil more "fired" but it is mass produced, overall decent.I remember that I had the fruit crepes the last time I was here. I was on the look out for them again, but they only had chocolate and caramel crepes at the time. It was probably best that the fruit crepes were not available at the time, because I was stuffed. Overall, I like this place and for those of you with out of towners wanting a good buffet, this is the place to go.
4	Don't come here!!!Apparently, locals and tourists alike have been flocking to the Studio B Buffet in droves.  Why?  Because this is arguably one of the best places to stuff your face with some choice grindage and I'm tired of waiting in line behind you!My latest visit was for lunch yesterday (although by the time I actually finish this review, it might not be).  My family got there around 11:15am and the line looked long, but we seated in about 20 minutes; not bad, but it could be a lot worse.  On weekends, though, it is crazy packed because they have seafood all day (hot and cold snow crab, oysters, peeled shrimp, prime rib, etc., etc., etc.).  However, for a weekday lunch, there's no seafood, but there is a large variety or good eats.  Highlights: great roast pork (juicy and tender), Thai beef salad, oxtail soup, fresh fruit (the pineapple and cantaloupe were really sweet) and spicy tuna roll (too much rice, but it's pretty good for a buffet).  The deserts are good, but they've really pared the selection from where it used to be.  Mostly, I just stick to the gelatos and sorbets now.  To go with desert, you could have a cappuccino, but, honestly, I'd skip it; it's too weak and watery (unless you like it that way).  One of the best drinks available is the rootbeer they have on tap.  Yeah, I know they've got free beer and wine, so if that's your speed, go for it. I have been here many times, but only now decided to write a review because I'm tired or sharing this place with hordes of people.  Don't come here!  This place is mine, mine, mine.
5	Seafood is excellent on the weekend, but get there early (5pm)or wait up to 2 hours but the food is worth it. Free beer, wine & cappuccinos with the good food not to mention great desserts.
5	i'm so tired of hearing people say that the bellagio has the best buffet in vegas.  i say...those people just haven't tried studio b yet!!!  it's a little bit of a drive from the strip...like 15-20 minutes...but well worth the time and money.  oh btw, the buffet here is cheaper than most hotels on the strip...but don't let the price fool you!  the variety is monstrous...the place is super fancy...and the food is so UNFORGETTABLE!  i was feeling a little sick when our buddies arrived in vegas and took us to this magnificent buffet...so i didn't get to indulge like i would've wanted.  but seeing the 3 peeps in my party get up and down back and forth with new plates every few minutes was enough to prove that this buffet rocks!  the pizza was delish...the carved meats were yummy...sushi, assorted asian food, seafood...oh, and get this, beer and wine are included!!!  the dessert bar was greeeeeat!  i loved the crepes...just good ole plain crepes were what i preferred...and a couple of scoops of gelato.  they have a huge variety of macaroons...and assorted desserts.  the service was phenomenal!  our plates were gone in a sec and drinks were refilled in a very timely manner.  this is our new go-to-buffet...amazingness!  if you don't believe me, then fine...don't go!  i don't want the massive lines anyhoo!  haha.
5	Soooo yummy!  I went on a Sunday for the seafood buffet. With HOT and Cold crab legs, how can you go wrong?  The meat was perfect, sweet and not too salty.  They also have oysters, clams, shrimp, sushi, etc.  Plus, the gelato there is amazing. It would be worth it to go there alone for the gelato. The selection of desserts are awesome and the food is awesome. Best crab legs ever!  Well worth the price.
5	omg DROOL. the dessert bar, you have to eat everything.... which is quite a challenge after eating the main food. I wish they had more seafood but they have tons of other yummy stuff to fill you up. like yes, the dessert bar.we went for lunch there so i believe it was around $16. the cab ride there from the main strip is pretty far though, but it's worth it! if you like the wynn buffet, then come here first!
5	Crab legs, macaroni and cheese, prime rib, chicken, unlimited beer (only a few to choose from) + wine = done deal.18% gratuity charge for groups of 10 or more which kind of sucked, but still relatively cheap ($37.77 each).I love how not that many people even know about this buffet and I hope it stays that way!
5	First, let me tell you what I like about this place, everything, except it's 10 miles from town. This place is unbelievable. We try to stay clear of buffets these days, but this is the best buffet, in every category, that I have ever seen. From selection, way to numerous to mention, to quality, to layout, to service and attitude, it is beyond any buffet I have ever experienced. You can eat healthy with multiple fish/crab/oyster/sushi/shrimp etc. selections, or down home with fried chicken, (very good), Bar B Q ribs, mashed potatoes/gravy, or some of the best looking prime rib I have seen anywhere, let alone a buffet. We walked straight in without a wait that they say can be hours on a week day. Draught (draft) beer in a chilled glass, and wine are included. Don't remember the price, but it wasn't expensive!!! Go figure!!! This is my second review, we went back last week, 10-10-10, I won't change the rating, but if I did it would be much lower, as it would verify what I was told, and what I said in my initial posting, "DON'T GO ON A WEEK DAY"!!!!!!!! They price is half the weekend price,,,but the line stretched all the way to Searchlight. The wait must have been 2 hours. I wouldn't stand in line for 2 hours if it was free.
4	Who cooks prime rib well done?Studio B!That straight up takes like 2 stars off  =(  A buffet with bad prime rib = meh!However, they do redeem themselves with their warm snow crab legs, feel free to dress it with melted butter! $30 for a seafood dinner buffet, the line at 5.30pm wasn't long. plenty of food, ranging from mediocre cocktail shrimps, "hope i don't get food poisoning" sushi, alright ny steak, alright lamb, wide variety but everything else was not worth of mentioning. They do have a yummy gelato station.And what's with the weird design that makes it inconvenient to go to the otherside to get cold/hot crab legs?  I also don't like the body of the crab that much, but did not want to waste it so i ate it anyways. It's open bar but i never drink at a buffet anyways, it just takes up room in my stomach. I paid $30 to eat, not to drink cheap alcohol.***Tip: go during off peak hours to avoid the line. Favourites: warm crab legs!! gelato!Do not want: well cooked prime rib. 15 miles from strip in the middle of nowhere. possibly long lineLast words: It's one of the better buffets. but worth the 15 mile drive? Go when you're arriving or leaving vegas. Unless you're staying there.
5	This is the BEST buffet I have ever been to.Let's get the bad out of the way.  The only thing I hate about this place is the line.  It took about an hour for our group to get into this buffet.  Other than this only complaint, I have nothing else but positive notions.M is located 10-15 minutes away from the strip.  So be prepared to drive for a little bit.  But once you get there, parking is guaranteed, and the resort is just beautiful.  Once you get through the horrendous line, be prepared for heaven.I swear this place has over 150 things you can choose from.  And none of this stuff is crap at all.  Everything you get here is either fresh, warm, and all ready for you to eat.  The seafood here is amazing.  The crab legs were fresh and sweet.  The shrimp here was just your typical shrimp, but they were very fresh as well.  The clams here were amazing.  The melted butter was okay, but a nice compliment with the crab legs.  I've been to many buffets, and Studio B's seafood outweighs them all.I also give them props for the prime rib.  The prime rib was both juicy and tender, best amongst the many buffets I've been to.This place also has unlimited wine, beer, and champagne.  Is this even possible?  I haven't been to any buffet that does this.  Only at the Studio B buffet.The dessert here is outstanding.  You think they have those yogurt or ice cream machines? Hell no!  They have gellato! YES...GELLATO!  And it's not crap either.  It's actually VERY good.  They also have a wide variety of desserts that I couldn't even stuff myself with.And the best part about this is?  It's only $30!!!  Aside from the annoying line, it's worth every penny.  I will go here again once I head back to Vegas.
5	Went here on the Hype of this fantasic All you can eat Seafood.OMG! Delicious. They had lots of crab, shrimp, raw oysters and soo much more! What's also great about this place is that they have Wine and Beer which is INCLUDED! If you are not into so much seafood, they do have some other dishes to enjoy.$30 for the meal and We got there about 5 something. No line. But I guess before we got there, it was growing.2 hours later of stuffing our faces we finally finished. When we were leaving there was a line.I Recommend!
4	Typically my fave Vegas Buffets are the Rio & the Paris Buffet. But I'm afraid they are going to have to move over! If you are driving in, you need to stop at this buffet. The Asian food is great, good quality crab legs and endless desserts! Plus beer, wine and hard cider included. Plus it's easy to navigate, not crowded around the stations & service is great. The downside was that we came in during the Fri dinner rush & waited an hour. But we actually didn't mind, since it was pretty damn good.
5	My first time to this buffet recommended by a friend. It was our last day in Vegas and all 11 of us hung over were pretty gosh darn hungry. The price I paid with gratuity totaled $37!! ouch right? But the food made up for it. I LOVED the oysters! No limit on how many you can take. Thank goodness!! The soup was amazing and the gelato ice cream all you can eat!! Yum! I loved how we can get wine or any type of alcohol at the buffet which is all included with the price. I probably had 4 plates yea I know but I can't help it. By far the best buffet I've been too in VEGAS!!
5	The BEST buffet in or near Las Vegas, hands down!!!  I've been here 5 times now and everytime, it's excellent!!!!  Not that it didn't hurt that it was free for me but I would definitely pay for it if I ever had to.  Let me tell you, steamed crab legs is the best.  After a couple of plates of that, I decided to venture to the other sections and everything was great.  It's one of the larger buffet with an interesting layout and giant big screens of the food network channel going on in the background.  Also free beer and wine at the buffet!!!  If you ever come to Vegas, you have to stop here for the buffet!
5	the best part of this buffet?? all you can drink beer and wine! ahhh love it! this has to be one of my favorites (of the many) buffets in las vegas. I love that they always have the crabs, never been there for the breakfast/brunch so im not sure if they have it then. They've got a good selection of food from various places. From india, to japan, to mexico, to classic american comfort food. you really cant go wrong! the prices are not that bad compared to whats on the strip, and for all you can drink beer and wine...im sold! oh and their dessert selection is A+++! i love ther macaroons! definitely not like parisian macaroons but these are bomb! good for the taking! ; ) oh and for some reason i always get this waiter..BENJI! i had in both times i went there...and at the rio buffet before that. wierd! but he's awesome! haha
5	Went here for the hype and it is wonderful. Only negative is the line. Went on a Sunday cuz I wanted to try out the seafood buffet and it does not disappoint.  The line took about an hour which is not too bad compared to the Bellagio buffet.  I tried both the warm and cold crab legs and both are wonderful. I prefer the warm though.  They had tons of choices which I could not try it all.  Desserts were okay but the gellato, its delicious.  I couldn't stuff my face anymore and finally left.  They did have wine and beer but I didn't try any cuz I had my kids with me and I didn't want to get too sleepy.  Hung around Vegas for a few days and was very disappointed by other eatery. Decided to hit the M Resort again on our way out for lunch since the price is not bad at all.  The line was shorter this time but it seem to move real slow. Again, too much food and didn't get to try it all.  But I had to take him to try all the gellato ice cream.  The mango and coconut, yum!  Overall, I totally recommend for anyone to try.  Its totally worth it.
5	I love going here when I can't make up my  mind on what to eat. They have an excellent selection of Greek, American, Asian food. Seafood night is my fave - with the option between hot and cold crab legs. The prime rib and unlimited wine and beer makes the price all worth it... The spicy tuna sushi and poke were a plus!
5	calbi short ribs, calbi short ribs, there asian menu is really diverse and deliciousall you can drink beerall you can drink winebest in buffet in vegas
5	GOOOOD! This place gets my coveted 5 stars. Be sure to bring your fat pants or in my case a empire dress, which hides the growing gut. The prime rib was one of the best prime ribs I've had in awhile and everyone in my party agreed, this was my favorite item.  Their osso bucco was also good; it was falling off the bone. Enjoyed the raw oysters but had to limit myself since I was trying to sample EVERYTHING. I was struggling to get to dessert. They had this tasty dark chocolate rice crispies and if I was ghetto fab I would bring Tupperware to sneak some out (BTW I'm not but tempted perhaps a Ziploc bag in the future ;p). They have good portions to their dessert so you don't feel like you're wasting food. The panna cotta came in shooters and I had 2. Wine and beer is part of the package but since I'm lightweight, I didn't sample. Definitely coming back.
5	The BEST Seafood Buffet in Vegas by far!!!  I am NOT a huge fan of buffets in Vegas because both my husband and I are often disappointed by the end results.  We have tried Bellagio, Caesar's, Mirage, Circus Circus, Imperial Palace, Aladdin, Wynn, and Paris.  None of them lived up to their name nor was worth the wait and price.We were leery to try the M Resort Buffet but it came highly recommended and we are so glad we did.  In fact, we ate here twice during our 3 day stay in Vegas.  Yes it was that good and well worth the $30.  Highlights: FREE beer and wine!!!  Espresso bar with LIQUOR!!!  Amazing crab legs, clams, kalbi, clam chowder, fried chicken, and well bascially everything was delicious.  Desserts especially the Creme Brulee and Dark Chocolate Covered Rice Krispies and Marshmallows were to die for and the Gelato nougat flavor was my fave.We will make it a point to stop and eat here on the weekends whenever we are in Vegas!!!
3	Came here in a weekday so it didn't have the Seafood Buffet. Given the rave reviews and the Disneyland like line, I had high hopes. As with most things, high hopes bring disappointment. The food was like many other buffets in LV, not particularly good and not particularly bad. The service was poor though. Our plates were stacked 2x before our waitress would take them away. Also, we got there late and by the time we were ready to hit desserts, most items were placed back into the refrigerators. No announcement and no heads up from our waitress. People were stuck eating nasty cookies and ice cream. However for $23, it included cheap wine and beer (skip the wine and go with beer). Without this, Studio B Buffet on the weekdays deserves only 2 stars.
5	LUNCH reviewIf I could give this place 10 stars, I would. Cannot rave enough about this buffet.  It's high-quality, but the price is more than reasonable because it's actually outside of Vegas.  It's more than worth the trouble of leaving the city though, believe me. I've never been to a buffet before where literally almost everything I tried was GOOD, from the pastas to the meats to the seafood, it was all delicious. I mean, the only things I didn't eat were because I was too stuffed to eat anymore. And there's so much choice - over 200 menu items! I took like one bite of every PASTA and they were all really good.  They also aced the CHOW MEIN, which was a surprise.  Usually only the cheap buffets get that right. However, their MASHED POTATOES were only average.  The Wynn's got them beat on that.Their Asian section surprised me - they had SATAY CHICKEN and OX TAIL SOUP - never seen those before at a buffet.  (Unfortunately I didn't have enough stomach space to try those...)  They also had my fave PAELLA, which I'm not sure was very authentic - the flavor was different from any paella I've had before - but honestly, I liked it better than any other paella I've tried, including once in Barcelona.Favorites: LAMB SHOULDER was out of this world - never had lamb that tender before and the sauce was delicious.  The HULI HULI CHICKEN  was also ridiculously good. They really use high-quality meats here. You can totally taste the difference. Mmm.SWEET POTATO TEMPURA - one of the few items I was somewhat disappointed in.  The sweet potato itself was good,  but I thought they had too much batter on it.Their CREME BRULEE is awesome, but they shouldn't serve it in tin foil.  It leaves a little bit of that metallic taste behind.  Otherwise it would be such a good creme brulee.The one dish I actually didn't like at all was the CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE, but I should have known better than to try it anyway.  Souffle is only good when fresh from the oven.  I just felt that since everything else in the buffet had been so good, I had to give it a chance.
5	If you factor in price, this is the best Buffet in Vegas.  Not as nice at The Wynn, but it's not trying to be and it's half the cost.Great selection, superb quality, good service, and free alcohol!   What more could you want.
3	All in preparation for M's famous buffet, we1. skipped dinner the night before,2. skipped breakfast the morning of,3. stopped by mickey D's for a butt load of coffee (caffeine pumps up my appetite and cravings for all foods fatty and sweet).And all this for nothing worth remembering. Boy was I disappointed. The hot crab was too salty, not warm enough, and not worth the hacking and cutting into that tough exoskeleton. The international cuisines were dry, dull and lazy-looking. The meats (prime meat, turkey) looked so juicy and delectable, only to arrive bland and become monstrously wasteful on my plates.Nothing was a favorite...maybe the free, unlimited drinks but that's about it.I can say all this after I was starving.Nonetheless, I gobbled up everything my eyes could devour, and had more than 5 servings of gelato, the only good thing on the dessert bar, and I am a sucker for buttery sweets (which means everything anyone could conjure up at a buffet sweets section). The gelato is worth the wait, although the wait happens because there's one person scooping the gelato as well as serving the lattes. Understaffed? Inconceivable at a time like this.But for $30 for the weekend, this sure beats the buffets on the strip.
5	Wow.  It's 9:30 on a Monday evening and I am fighting the urge to just completely zone out and fall asleep.  Why might I be so tired?  I just got back from a ridiculous weekend in Vegas.  Yet, despite my exhaustion, I feel compelled to start my reviews.  So over the next few reviews, you will see a sort of travel journal.  Hope that this review turns out to be coherent.Having arrived in Vegas on Saturday afternoon, my friends and I decided that the first course of action should be to grab some dinner.  My dear friend and facilitator, Monica D., suggested that we hit up this seafood buffet.  Being an avid fan of both seafood and eating way too much, I was more than happy to try this place out.  First off, let me say that in most instances, I've been pretty disappointed with Vegas buffets.  The last buffet I went to was the Spice Market and I didn't even bother writing a review about that place.  Well, this certainly isn't the case with Studio B Buffet at the M Casino and Resort.  The food here was surprisingly good.  In most instances, the food was at least on par with standard restaurant fair.  Granted there are a few things that seem more buffet fair, that was definitely more of an exception than the norm.  A few highlights from this buffet:Oysters:  I love oysters.  While I had my fair share here at this buffet, little did I know that this would be a reoccurring theme throughout the weekend (you'll see what I mean later).  I'm pretty sure I've done my part in attempting to commit genocide against these delicious little mollusks. Crab legs:  Delicious.  Dipped in butter these crab legs were sweet and flavorful.  It also didn't hurt to watch my friend Craig struggle to get these things open only to end up having one explode all over the place.  Let's just say that he probably was wearing more of it than he actually ate.Clam chowder:  Seriously, this chowder was a CHOWDA (say it Frenchy!  It's chowda!).  Thick, rich, and packed with flavor, I would be happy eating this chowder at any restaurant.  Dessert bar:  Banana crepes? Yes please.  I love banana crepes and these were fantastic.  Almost a bananas foster atop a delicious crepe, I devoured mine and would have gone back for another if there were even an iota of space in my already food pregnant stomach.  They also have a bunch of other desserts, all of which were pretty damn good.Beer and wine bar/Espresso bar:  What?!?  You mean to tell me that beer and wine are included with my meal?  Yes, yes it does.  And to put things over the top they also have an espresso bar.  You can add shots of Amaretto, Bailey's, and some other things to your shot of espresso if you feel so inclined.  I know I did.  Two espresso shots with Bailey's for me please.  Ain't nothing better than mixing a stimulant and a depressant together to get your evening started right.Anyway, by this point you probably get the point.  This buffet, while out of the way from the strip is well worth the trip.  I'll definitely be coming back.  Also, another perk -  there are a lot of really cute Asian girls here.  Go figure, little Asian girls and seafood?  Who would have thunk it?
3	Extremely Disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the buffet was decent. But I went in there expecting it to be on Par/better with/than the Wynn and it definitely wasn't. The Prime rib was rough, dry and tasteless. They didn't have Alaskan king crab, Most of the food was dry and just seemed to be whipped up fast with no love at all. The only foods i enjoyed and got seconds of were the BBQ ribs, pastas, and chicken in spinach sauce (whatever its called). The gelato was alright, nothing special (chocolate mint was the one i liked) Wouldn't drive 20 mins to get to this place again unless some how they comp me without me gambling there ;)
4	Ok... I'm not really quite sure what constitute a good time frame in terms of reviewing an establishment...1 day? 1 week? 1 Month? 1 Year?  Over the year I have been to so many places and finally realized that yelp is the place to be to review all these establishments... so please do excuse me as I'm trying to catch up with many of my reviews that describes all the places that I have been in the "recent" past (Reasonable amount of time)  They are great memories and I would love to share them with you.Well... here is a good memory for you!The Studio B Buffet.  Located at the top of the hill in Henderson, LV, is a fairly new local casino.  With high praises and recommendations we were told that we "NEED" to be at this buffet as it's the best in Vegas.  I'm really sorry I'm not giving it a 5 star on this but I do have to admit that it's pretty tasty therefore it needs to be on my top Vegas list.Without further delay...Let me cut to the chase and tell you WHAT IS HORRIBLE about this place!!!  Tell me... would any sane person who is starving after all day of fun in the sun / casino / Pool would wait at a buffet for 5 hours???  Well.. you are looking at one!  (Let me remind everyone that I'm never doing that again!!!  EVER!!!)  We got to the M casino early (2:30pm) because we heard that there will be a line forming and we must act fast.  By the time we got there people were already in line for dinner...at 2:30PM!!!!!  (I thought party-goers are still in bed at 2:30pm but waiting at a buffet?  Really?)  So we head to the counter thinking that we need instructions for this....To our surprise.. they asked us to take a number!  (or putting down a name of the party)Let me tell you... once we got the name we were suppose to get back in another line and wait....What the heck???  So we decided to rotate taking turns in line while some of our party members went to have a little private moment with the one armed bandits... As our life passes us... it is now 5:30pm, Dinner Time!  We are absolutely starving and was excited to see the line finally moving.  However, now comes the name part!  The host called out names of the party listed and have them get into another line to wait their turn to get into the actual buffet.  Are you kidding me?  ANOTHER LINE???  Good thing we were called but now I see myself growing older and getting all the grey hair and long grey beard like an ancient chinese kung fu master then finally, we were in......(It's is now 7:15pm PST)  Did I say we were in?  I really meant that we were in beyond the cashiers..... Once we got pass the cash registers, we were in the final line.....This is like American idol audition I tell ya!  gate after gate after gate!  Referring back to my kung fu theme.. how many big bosses do I have to encounter before I reach my food?  I'm getting sad now...Finally, the flood gate opens and we were in...  (It is now 7:45pm PST) Once in, we were treated to football stadium sized TV showing celebrity chefs cooking, but ain't nobody cares as we were so hungry we sat down for 2 seconds, then all headed to the buffet to get our food...Sad to say.. although the food is ok..Had the typical fares of prime rib, snow crab legs, chicken dishes, etc. actually nothing much else stood out for me, but they had an awesome dessert section and free wine and beer!  OH OH!  Can't forget about the GELATO!!!!!  Terrific Gelato for my tummy!  The verdict:  The food was tasty which earned it's 4 star rating (But also including the ambiance, decor, presentation, etc.  So for all foodies who is looking for a dining experience... I'm not sure if this is the place to visit unless you like to wait...It's mostly for locals......One last thing.. apparently the locals knows about this place.  When we went to this buffet they called and told us (the out of towners) to get in line.  The locals (about 8 of them) decided to conveniently show up at 7:30pm and ask how we were doing.... They had the nerves to ask how we were doing?  REALLY?  We were set up the whole time I tell ya!  P.S.  For those who wrote this reviewing stating that there was no line... They either got REALLY lucky or they are just liars!!!  I'll just call the locals next time to get in line for me instead.....(Total waiting time: 5 hrs , total eating time:  1 hr)
5	This buffet ties for first place for best buffet in Vegas in my book, sharing first place with The Rio's.  There's a good selection of food here and everything tastes good.  It's also an open beer and wine buffet too.  Desserts are delish as well.Some of my favorites:  creamed corn, macaroni & seafood salad, prime rib, mashed sweet potatoes with marshmellows, crab legs, cocktail shrimp, fish & chips, yellow chicken curry, pad thai, pad see ew, stir fried chicken & eggplant, tomato bisque soup, sushi selection, flan, gelato, macarones, tartes and so much more.  Also, if you're part of the player's club (which is free to sign up) you'll get a few bucks off the buffet price.  There tends to be a long line here though.
4	If the crab legs and cocktail shrimp weren't so weak, I'd give this place 5 stars.  3 stars alone for beer and wine included!  It's a bit off the strip but well worth the drive if you have a car.  The place is new, spacious, and the service is good too.  The prime rib was one of my favorites here.*tip* you can only get one drink at a time so don't go up there trying to get 5.
4	Studio B buffet is one of my fave places to hit up for all you can eat! Although, if you are going on the weekends or during dinner time, expect to wait an hour or so AT LEAST! I swear, waiting in line there reminds me of waiting in line for rides at Disneyland!Once you do get in, its hard to figure out where to start! Weekends are seafood night, so they have crab legs and other assorted seafood. On weekdays, they still have a selection of seafood such as shrimp cocktail, cedar planked salmon, sushi, etc. My favorites are: thai curries, poke, dolmas, prime rib, the assortment of soups, and the array of deserts!!Ah, the seafood buffet is not the greatest, so I would rather avoid those lines and go on a weekday. I still think the seafood buffet at the Rio is waaaaaay better. The cedar planked salmon was really dry when I ate it.You also get all you can drink beer, wine and cider. They have beers on tap, a red and a white wine, and also a sparkling cider. The cider to me, tasted like drinking a liquid perfume! Gross. Personally, if I drink, I can't really eat that much.. so I usually have one glass and save the rest of the room for food! But those who can drink and eat.. this is for you.
5	The M resort studio B buffet is thee best...they have your typical buffet food such as shrimp,salads,etc...but when it comes to the sushi,the pad thai,the chicken curry and oh my goodness the prime rib they are the best.When I took a bite I felt that I was in a steak house,a sushi house and a thai restaurant....Oh and for the knock out punch try to contend with their dessert  station.Pistachio cranberry shooter the bomb...panna cotta awesome...creme brulee and tiramisu are excellent...I will be back again and again....(they have unlimited wine and beer included with your meal.go with the house specials)
3	I think the popularity of the Studio B Buffet caused the quality of their food to diminish.-The crab legs weren't as fresh as previous experiences (just realized they only served Snow Crabs instead of Alaskan King).-The CA rolls were inconsistent (Some pieces had avocado and some didn't) and the presentation was unacceptable.-Korean BBQ ribs weren't cooked well.-The desserts were way off as well. The Creme Brulee weren't as tasty as my previous trips and the Chocolate Cake was way too dry. I highly doubt I entered the buffet at a bad time, because I got there right when the buffet opened. Again, I am leaning towards not liking buffets in general @ $30 per person. For the price one would pay here, I rather give other local restaurants in Las Vegas a try.
4	I went back to M Resort for their seafood brunch on Jul 24th a 11:30am with no lines.  They had lots of crab legs, shrimp, and omeletts served till 11am.  Also they had a few new items like mahi mahi on bamboo and macaroni salad, etc.  In addition, they make a delicious clam chowder soup, delicious hot chocolate, desserts too.   They will temporary serve breakfast until Hash Hash Go Go is being built replacing red cup cafe
5	Buffet that combines the fresh and creative food found at exclusive buffets like Wynn and Bellagion while providing the variety of choices found at Texas Station.  The food is probably better than both Wynn and Bellagio because its not trying so hard to impress. By keeping it very fresh, it simply achieves on its own.  They must have some amazing talent working behind the line. The guys on the sushi line seem like pro sushi chef's. Their sushi rice was perfectly prepared, not the gummy stuff you get in mass production at Wynn and Bellagio.  Free wine and beer at the ultimate topper. This place rocks.
4	BEST BUFFET EVER! They have great selections of food and they are all delicious. We went during a weekday, so it might be different when its a weekEND. But 15$ for lunch and unlimited beer and wine. They have great deserts as well!well recommended
3	Studio B is new and flashy, but lacks quite a bit of quality in some of the main courses.  The Asian food blew donkey nuts and the ahi poke was so bad that our hero actually had to spit it out.  Don't even bother trying the sushi because the rice is rock hard and the fish isn't fresh.  The seafood is pretty average.  The salads were generally good and the meatloaf was delicious.After gorging on main courses, our hero was disappointed that he didn't leave more room for dessert, as the quality of their sweets beats out the mains by a long stretch.The best thing Studio B Buffet has going for it is that it has a free beer, wine, and cider station.  Their house brews and PBR aren't exactly even decent beers, but it gets the job done.  When you think about it, the price of admission might be worth it for the beer and wine alone.After an all you can drink beerfest... good luck getting back to your hotel room.PROS:- All you can drink beer/wine/cider.- Very wide selection of food from many nationalities.- Pretty good price for weekday lunch buffets for the selection it has.CONS:- Most of the food that isn't Western style kind of sucks.- Huge lines at peak hours.- No discounted rates for having a players card.
4	The M Buffet should be called the mmmmmmm Buffet! Its so yummy here. This is one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. The food is always consistent and tasty. They have over 200 items ranging from Thia curry's to Oxtale soup, to Mediterranean salads to prime rib. They also have all you can drink wine and beers and have a special "draft" root beer. Its really good. The only bummer is you have to go up and get these drinks yourself. All other drinks will be brought to the table by your waitress.The buffet is a bit above average pricing ($22.99 dinner and $14,99 lunch) and you will most likely have to wait during busy hours (at least an hour or so).) But, you can always do squats in line and earn your dinner! I mean, thats how I roll willout rolling out of there!They also have a pretty awesome dessert section and the gelato is made fresh every day. I have to say that do make a mean cheesecake too. I'm not saying I am a cheesecake expert - but I kind of am. LOL.All in all a solid place to eat dinner with enough choices not to leave disappointed.  The service was great and the food was even better.
5	The M Buffet is the best buffet I've ever been to.  I mean, for 29.95 you get a seafood buffet that includes crab legs, oysters, shrimp and sushi PLUS all you can drink beer and wine PLUS a dessert buffet with a wide variety of delicious ice creams, desserts and coffees.  For the money, the quality definitely exceeds expectations.  I mean come on people, its a freaken buffet.  You're not paying for a five star meal, so you shouldn't expect one!  Perhaps the food is slightly lower in quality than the Wynn buffet, but the difference in price and the fact that beer and wine is included,  and the way better ice cream and coffee selection makes up for that.  I went there last night and the line was looong!  However it was a friday night.  If you're gonna go to a buffet in vegas, I would highly recommend this one.  As far as buffets go it is as good as it gets. Just make sure you have a lot of time to spare!
5	If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.   My brother kept raving about it and I finally got the chance to go and it was probably the best buffet dining experience I have had in Vegas.The overall quality is A+, selection is A+, and the desserts would get 10 stars in my book.I went for the Saturday night buffet - I think seafood is only on the weekends and I loaded up on the crab legs.  Other items I had were the meatloaf, braised short ribs, turkey, stuffed turkey, some pasta, veggies and so on. I just wanted to make sure I had enough room for the best dessert bar I have ever seen.  I enjoyed chocolate mousse shooters, tiramisu shooters, the phenomenal ice cream selection (rum raisin, cookies n' cream), some carrot cake, cheesecake... I can go on and on.To top it off there was a wine bar/beer area - the M Lager was very good.I think I started the buffet at 145 pounds and left at 150+.The only bad thing is the wait - I got there at around 5:30pm and didn't get seated until 6:30pm.Best buffet in Vegas!
5	This buffet is insanely good.My number one best reason for this place: Beer and Wine are INCLUDED in the price! Not only that, the beer is ON TAP. Yes, on tap. Not the bottled fluff you see at other places! During my visit here the beers selectable were "M" Ale, Pabst Blue Ribbon, and Bud Light. I've never had Pabst or M but I sure made sure to have some this time. They were awesomely good! As for the food. I have never seen so much GOOD variety, not even at the Bellagio! They had a lot more variety even. Japanese, Chinese, Thai, Italian, American.Kalbi Short ribs, Sushi, sashimi, stir fried veggies, trip tip, roast beef, breakfast sausage the size of nickles, and the list goes on.Even though this place is like 10 miles south of the MGM and start of the strip, its worth it to eat here. 250+ reviews can't be wrong.
5	A 5-star rating for this buffet is definitely under-rated!(scroll down for the summary if you don't feel like reading my review, lol)If you are looking for a new buffet to try in Vegas, you have to come to Studio B Buffet! I've been here twice with the same group of friends and we all agree that this buffet is better than Wynn's and Bellagio's.  Studio B offers a wide selection and I must say, most of the items on the menu are very de-lish!! (Other buffets only have a couple of selections that are good).If you come here, you must try their OXTAIL SOUP... it doesn't look as appetizing, but believe me, your tummy will be pleased and you'll be getting off your seat to get this from the buffet for Round 2.  :-)Other dishes to try are the GINGER CRAB, Prime Rib (they cook this to perfection! I like mine Medium Rare to Medium Well), Crab Legs (both warm and cold), and BBQ (nothing spectacular but it does taste YUM-O!).While other buffets have Soft-Serve Ice Cream, Studio B offers GELATO!!! Yup, they sure do! They have everything from Vanilla, Yogurt, Strawberry, Mango, Rum & Raisin, Chocolate, Coffee, to name a few.  A couple of my friends in our party really liked the Rum & Raising gelato but because  I don't like raisins, it was hard for me to like it as much as they did--- it wasn't bad overall.  What I did like was the MANGO Gelato! :)  From their dessert  bar, I also tried their Macaroons and Chocolate Chip Cookies.  I'm very picky with how macaroons are made and the ones they make here are definitely worth trying. It's baked to perfection, just like their Chocolate Chip Cookies...Crisp and Chewy!I must also mention they have FREE BEER & WINE included with the meal price ($29.99/person.... I went here on a Sunday).CONs:-south of The Strip-wait time depending on what time you arrivePROs:-nice being away from the strip-located inside the beautifully-decorated M Resort-Price is not bad compared to other locations-Free Beer & Wine-Gelato-Food: Oxtail Soup, Ginger Crab, Prime Rib-Cleanliness-Prompt & Excellent Customer Service (during my two separate visits)Oh, be sure to open up an 'iMagine Rewards' card from the hotel so for future visits you'll receive discounts and VIP Line passes to this buffet! I also got $5 Free Slot Play by opening one :)
5	This has got to be one of the bestest buffets in Vegas.. oh.. wait.. it's not even in Vegas.. It's a few miles away from Vegas.. but sooooo worth the drive.. The buffet area is large with a wide variety of foods.. the quality is the same at lunch or at dinner.. the food is very tasty and there's just so much food.. I stuffed myself silly here!The best thing is the dessert area.. it's GINORMOUS!  So many different cakes, pastries and pies.. they even serve gelato.. ooh ooh.. and they can make you espresso drinks to enjoy your dessert with.. The price is very reasonable considering the wine and beer is also included with the meal.. No buffets on the Vegas strip compare to this place in my opinion.. The M resort in which this lovely buffet resides in is also a great place to look through.. check out the pool area when you finish eating.. so glam!
5	"Woohoo!  As good as it gets!""Best Buffet in Vegas!"Really, believe what you hear about this place.  It really is the best buffet in Las Vegas.  A friend told me to check it out if I loved seafood so I decided to give it a try a few Sundays ago. They've got a weekend seafood buffet for about $29.99. It's on par pricewise with the buffets near the strip so I didn't mind too much. When I got seated I noticed that the room was really open and has a nice ambiance to it. I believe this is one of the newer hotels so the dining area seemed very modern and new itself. It isn't stacked with variety like the Rio Buffet but what other place is, right?  They've got a good selection of food. Not too much, not too little. What I do love about this place is the quality of the food that they have. This place is amazing as far as seafood is concerned. They've got ice stacked on three stations filled with crab legs, oysters, and shrimps. They've also got all the necessary condiments and flavoring to go with it. Melted butter with lemons go GREAT with crab legs. They've also got a good selection of other foods. I didn't take a tasting of their French toast as well as their Thai delicacies. Overall I would probably say this is the best buffet to go to in Vegas. The food quality is amazing and well worth the price.
5	For all the biased buffet haters out there, I'm sorry to say, there's a new buffet king in town and STUDIO B is it. Yes this buffet is not on the strip area, but the quality of food here can rival any big time hotel casino. I have been to this buffet two times. Both during seafood brunch times, which is from Sat-Sun 9am-2:30pm. Cost: $29.95. Not bad considering other hotels will charge you almost up to $40-$50 range for seafood buffet.  Beer and Wine are even included with lunch and dinner!  Their dessert station selections are really good, from carrots cakes and even crepes!This buffet has made a name for itself and now its a must stop by place before arriving in vegas or before leaving las vegas.LOCATION: A ( away from strip, no traffic )PARKING: A ( big lot )FOOD: AWAIT: B ( lines can get long )
5	Thank you Yelp!!!After reading all these great reviews I knew I had to try out Studio B during my stay in Vegas. And boy, was that a great decision. The snow crab legs were out of this world, never before have I had crab that sweet and fresh. The prime rib was cooked to perfection. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I was literally in food-coma after leaving Studio B.This is the best buffet in Vegas people!! Better than both the Wynn and Bellagio. I can't wait to come back.
4	First things first. Let just say it now, "All you can drink beer and or wine!" If that doesn't hook you in, keep reading. Never been to a Vegas buffet that had a Hawaiian or Thai specific sections.  Dishes like Ahi Poke, Oxtail Soup, Pad Thai, and Miso Butterfish are rarely seen in buffet layouts. There was so much to choose from that I know I missed some things. And I wanted to save room for desert... Gelato!Overall, top notch buffet choice in LV. Plenty of food and desert options, 3 or 4 beers on tap, and different wines will keep a large party of different likes and dislikes easily satisfied. It's a ways off the strip, but if you going back home to CA it's on the way anyway right? Hit it up, you won't be disappointed.
5	Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas.  I mean, fresh oysters in a Vegas buffet?? What?? I was shocked.  The snow crab legs were ridiculously huge and have I mentioned all you can drink beer/ wine?!  Oh, you can also spike your freshly made latte with a selection of liquor like Bailey's, Kahlua or Frangelico.  All this for a lot less than what you would pay for a buffet on the strip.  My only complaint was our 90 minute wait time to get a table.  Hopefully they'll figure out a way to fix this.
3	Quality is definitely on the decline here as M gets comfortable with their niche in town.The Breakfast has finally made a return, but after a visit last week I was disappointed to find a smaller spread than was previously on offer.Still one of the least vegetarian-friendly buffets in town also. They even told me on their Facebook page that they wouldn't add vegetarian dishes unless there was a high demand for them. When is there ever "high demand" for vegetarian options? This smacked a bit of "Most people like meat so you're wife's outta luck".
5	Best Buffet!! For the quality, selection, and price ... this is hands down the best! Typical wait time is about an hour, but tough it out! You'll soon forget about your grumbling stomach once you walk in. And before you know it, 3 or so hrs would have passed and you're in food coma bliss!First off, unlimited beer and wine included! Need I say more? Well I will, because the food is worth mentioning as well. I try so hard to stuff my little belly with all the yumminess this place has to offer but I must confess I usually tap out after 2 plates nowadays. So with that limitation, I try to stick to the good stuff. My must haves are the prime rib (so juicy, savory and tender), crab legs of course, and kalbi short ribs. My fillers are the BBQ stuff, pastas, & surprisingly Asian foods. While not authentic, it's surprisingly not bad either and is worth a try. But no matter what, you must save room for dessert! Crepes, pecan pie, tiramisu shooters, creme brulee, oatmeal cookies, & GELATO, oh my!Oh ya, staff is great too!
1	BUFFET FAIL! Ok, so I was a loyal RIO buffet goer since they offer many types of food, and most are very good. They got the crab legs, the prime rib, and all the "must-haves" in Vegas.. BUT they slowly changed and now its become gross.. So i discovered the M buffet a few months back.. It was TOPS, super good, high level of food for sure!BUT! This previous weekend I went, spent 32 bucks and regretted it the entire time. It was HORRIBLE, food was old, seafood was pastie! THE CRAB LEGS WERE ALL MUSHY(lacked the texture of crab). Their cocktail shrimps were "eh" and their oysters were "OK".As for the hot food, it was ridiculous, everything looked old.. like panda express at 230pm or something(left over from lunch). SO I KNOW, you're thinking you must of went on the off-time. so we waited around till 5ish, when there was a good 1-hour wait outside(line to get in) and they set out fresh dinner food..SAME THING!The fish was all gross, the food was gross, prime-rib tasted more like subway roast beef... SIGH, this was my new fave, now its my new most hated.. i would say this is about 1 click below hometown at 4x the price... sad..... so sad...a few of my friends and I found the same findings...oh yeah and the service was horrible, no refills, no removal or dirty plates.. then our server disappeared totally and we found out he went home..
5	I will have to say this (BY FAR) is the top-notch buffet in Vegas. I might have to debate on those reviews giving this buffet any less than 4 stars. Maybe perhaps a rare occasion of those people. I will say I wish this place was closer to the strip. Anyways, I've heard by locals' word of mouth and those frequent to buffets in Vegas that this is the place for a buffet! I'll give it to Rio and Wynn for being nearby the strip but if you are on your way in or out of Vegas, you must stop here!!I would say the best quality and experience for eating a buffet of all my visits to Vegas. The food quality was definitely top-grade and the sushi I definitely could tell a difference on its freshness compared to other buffets that did offer sushi. They had a variety of different concoction of salads at each area. The short-ribs was nicely cooked with that taste feeling like it was cooked fresh off the grill. The tri-tip was cooked medium rare / medium to keep the juices flowing. The fried shrimp was individual fried to perfection!!!! Makes my mouth water!!!!!What more can you ask for??!?!?!? But wait, beer and wine is included!?!!?!?! Yep, they serve beer and wine at no extra charge. The choices aren't great but hey, free alcohol, what more can you ask for!The desserts was actually comparable to Wynn's gourmet desserts. The taramisu and the galato was delicious. You can given order espresso and latte (I think) freshly made by the staff at the dessert area. Definitely recommend this buffet over all others while in Vegas! Hope you get a great experience of food!!! Also, the price beats Wynn's buffet at $14.95 for lunch when I went on a Thursday.
5	In my opinion, this is the BEST buffet in Vegas!!!!! It's located in a beautiful Hotel and Casino off the strip, but it is well worth going to. I noticed that most buffets in Vegas have more than one dish that I take one bite of and push the plate to the side. Some may have soups and veggies that taste like it's straight out of a can, crab legs are so thin, the chicken may be too dry, fish is overcooked, or the food just doesn't taste fresh. I can guarantee that you will not feel that way eating here. I love seafood and that's the first stop I made. The crab legs are HUGE in comparison to the embarrassing crab legs most buffets in Vegas have to offer. They also offer fresh oysters, steamed clams, mussels, and cocktail shrimp. I was impressed with every single dish I chose. I did not notice a dish being TOO greasy. It was just right. If this buffet was located on the strip, it would put everybody out of business. I will definitely come here again!!!!! You better get there early, because people who like this place as much as me are willing to wait for hours.
4	Check-in Quick Tip: Still a line 30 min before closing. Crazy!It was the last night we had in Vegas, and amazingly we did not go to any buffets. Actually, I don't think I've been to a buffet in a REALLY long time, but boyfriend suggested we go to this one with my brother and his fiance.I looked it up on Yelp since we weren't 100% sure where this was located, and I read the reviews and was sold. I told my brother's fiance about it and she was quite interested in it as well. At about 9pm (we called earlier and found out they close at 10pm), we drove out to Henderson and were a little bit worried we wouldn't make it in time to eat. We didn't think there would be such a long line, but lo and behold...there wasn't, but a line there still was. The cashier told us that the food would stop being served at 1030pm, which wasn't too bad since it was roughly around 930. We just needed to get our buttocks in there to begin feasting. My brother told us he was going to stack plates with food and create his own buffet line at our table. And he was so not kidding because that's exactly what he did lolThe buffet spot looks amazing. It's spaced out with huge TV's located near the entrance, and the all you can drink beer and wine was totally awesome. Granted I didn't take advantage of that, but the idea itself is pretty cool. The boyfriend went nuts with the root beer hahaEvery dish I tasted was fresh. The shrimp cocktails, the baked mussels, the cheese tortellini; they even had chicken ADOBO! Omg, for buffet food....that was pretty damn good. chicken was so tender and so flavorful (is that a word?). The chow mein didn't taste as oily as some other places, and the sushi was pretty decent. It didn't fall apart as you were putting it into your mouth, nor was it too big that it couldn't fit into it.I would definitely come back to this buffet place, and i hope that all the hype it may be getting from other folks doesn't cause others' expectations to become extremely high. Just know that it's good, and worth the price. Just go there expecting a long line, but realize that it's worth it. :)
5	Bellagio and Wynn are NOTHING compared to Studio B Buffet at The M Resort. Unlike the Bellagio and the Wynn, all of the food at the Studio B Buffet has seasoning and taste. Everything I tasted was GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!! This is the best buffet I have ever been too hands down. Well worth every red cent...
4	I'm not usually a fan of buffets.  I earned a free one while playing here, so what could I say but "Bring on the crab legs!"?  The crab legs are warm here, y'all.  I cannot stand cold crab, so I was so happy.  Wine is included (quit trying to seduce me, M.  You had me at self-serve drinks in your casino).  I really liked the turkey, chow mein, and dark chocolate marshmallow bark.  The creme brulee even had a hard sugar shell.  Few buffet-related things are more disappointing than creme that was bruleed so long ago that there's no satisfying crack when you go at it.  Another plus: the service was fab.  The line to get in was long but moved more quickly than I would have expected.I suggest going on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday to get yourself some hot legs.
5	Finally got to try Studio B during my last Vegas trip, now I regret not going sooner.  While it is off the strip, I believe it's worth the drive.They have a huge selection of food, desserts, and even beer and wine.  It took us about 1/2 - 1 hour to get in, and this was on a weekday.  Once we were in we were quickly seated and I immediately started getting my moneys worth.While the majority of the dishes I tried were good, I especially liked the Thai food they had to offer.  I have never had decent Thai food at a buffet before, but here they had some really good pad-thai and red curry.  I actually probably ate 3 plates of just their Thai food!While I didn't get to try their beer or wine (I wanted to save room for food), it is definitely on my to-do list next time I go.  Studio B is definitely recommend for those looking for a good buffet off the strip or for a good buffet in general.
5	I came here last Friday with my friends and BF before reaching the strip, and BOY did I have a great meal??Since we were here for lunch on a FRIDAY, we only paid ~$16 after tax per person. Same as last time, I was amazed by the sheer range of selection....and I loved their Gelato. We waited long enough until they started serving dinner. WARM CRAB LEGS....yuummmm Studio B is a must try if you're ever in Vegas! the UN-limited wine and beer they give you makes it even more worth it to go.
1	We came here because of the high yelp reviews. It was awful! We waited over an hour in line to be seated. felt like I was at an amusement park waiting for a rollercoaster ride. We came here for the Saturday seafood brunch. $30 a head. The seafood was totally fishy and the rest of the food was barely edible. Even not eating the seafood because of its fishiness, it was nauseating being surrounded by it. Sure wine and beer is included. But it is crappy wine and beer.
5	This place sucks so please do not come here over the weekend! You will have to wait in a long long line!Okay... it's amazing! If I can give more than 5 stars I would.PRO: great price, all you can eat oysters, crabs, cocktail shrimps, prime ribs, beer and wine.CON: long line and people finding out.Okay NOW, do not come here!
5	Long wait, which I think is largely related to their rather slow service, since I saw many empty tables but not enough servers.Crab legs were rather bad, oysters were pretty good, tri-tip was very good.The desserts were good - cannoli, eclairs, tiramisu, cheesecake, and gelato.But the best was the all you can eat ossobuco. Awesome
5	I have a few friends who are "food snobs" and its not easy to impress them.  This buffet however won them over.  Way over.  All you can eat raw oysters, heated king crab legs, and incredible prime rib.  Plus unlimited wine, draft beer, and other fountain drinks.  Great food, great price.  Dinner is $30 a person, but plus tax and tip pushes it over.  Hence I gave it a $$$ price rating.
4	The first time I heard about the M resort was from Top Chef. Some buddies of mine who lived in vegas had the buffet before and really enjoyed it so I was excited to check it out.Went during the weekend so it was the seafood brunch. We went kinda early so there was not a long line. Anytime I go to a buffet I head straight for the proteins and try to keep away from the carbs. They have a great selection of food from all around the world. Everything looks clean and fresh, but what I find kind of weird is that they write the names of the food on the glass with like a marker. Why no engraved or printed signs? It isn't a big deal, but just kinda odd.Prime Rib was pretty tasty, but the cocktail shrimp is puny unlike other buffets on the strip. Since it's pretty far off the strip you will need a car to get there, unless you're ballin' and want to pay for a taxi.Dessert was pretty awesome too. A nice selection of pastries, cakes, cookies, gelato and other sweets. After walking out with a full stomach, I noticed the line to get in was crazy long. Gotta go early to beat the crowd otherwise you're in for a long wait. I would definately come back if I have a car in Vegas.
4	Hey, this place keeps getting better as I visit it. The first time, I tried practically every single pc. of meat that was offered, in addition to seafood. Today, I went the healthy way and treated myself to their desserts as a treat. Excellent bread and salads, especially in the Asian Section of the buffet. The desserts are spectacular and leave room for them since they are all excellent! My favorites are the gelato, flan, chocolate cake, etc. etc. etc. The beer is fabulous and it comes with your meal, unless you want the wine. I recommend to stay with the beer since it's better quality. For a $16 lunch, off the Strip with views of the Strip, Studio B is much better than any other Buffet, but The Mirage is still my favorite for their Pho and dim sum sections!
5	"Oh my... Baby, let me love you down... there's so many ways to love you.... Baby, let me break you down... " Yes, that is the song I feel like singing to my food at the Studio B Buffet!29.99 for all you can eat seafood and other tasty entrees such as pad thai, roast beef, sushi, pasta and many many others! I started off with the crab legs. SO WORTH THE MONEY. I didn't care for the butter dips.. Try getting a bunch of lemon, squeezing it into your sauce cup and sprinkle pepper and salt. THAT'S HOW TO DO IT!! Drool! I tried the other food which was pretty good but I kinda wished that I just stuck to eating crab legs. I feel like I'm working out when I'm eating those damn delicious legs.. and I also end up hungrier which means I can eat more!!Oh did I mention, AYCE and DRINK beer and wine. The cider was damn tasty. A bit too bubbly but tasty! The dessert buffet had gorgeous looking treats. My favorites: the chocolate rice crispies (think rice crispy lightly coated with dark chocolate) and the creme brulee. They also have gelato! I was too stuffed to get one but I suggest getting it to go as you walk out the buffet!M Buffet, you have overstuffed me. With JOY!
5	Safe to say one of, if not the best, most comprehensive buffets I've been to. EVER, ANYWHERE.I have partaken in my fair share of buffets. I would have to say that Studio B is top notch in every single department. I think I've finally found the holy grail that is THE buffet in which quantity and quality are actually up to par with price.Service: Beyond excellent. From the greeter, to the servers, even the buffet line staff... everyone was very polite, attentive, and professional.Quantity: I usually do a walkthrough before I settle on my buffet choices. This one took me a while to do. Seriously, I was a little intimidated and had to take a step back to take in just how many choices one really has here. Really, all you can drink wine and beer? OMFG, pinch me and tell me I'm dreaming! That cider of theirs is absolutely delicious.Quality. You would think that the quality would suffer because of the immense number of items they have on the menu, right? **BUZZZZZ** Every item on their menu looks and tastes like it was made especially for you. None of that assembly line crap that you come to know and expect at other places. Osso buco so tender you'd think you were at Wolfgang Puck's, and believe me, I've had it at Wolfgang's, and this is up there. Juicy fried, baked, or roasted chicken. The requisite prime rib is seasoned and juicy to perfection. Crab legs, oysters and seafood galore. Fresh sushi and sashimi. Ahi poke. Salads of every variety. The list goes on and on and on.Desserts? You say you don't have room after all those tasty entrees and booze? Make room. Just about anything you could possibly want, they have it, and it's executed masterfully. The one regret we had coming here was that they didn't have their live cooking show the night we were there. Next time!
4	4.95...yes yes I know I should just give the 5 stars but I'll state my complaints soon enough.One of the best buffets in LV fo'shoo!!!Now lemme just get the bad stuff over with....Down sides:- 1.5 hour wait to get inside- Not great asian menu- Disappointed in the prime ribOn to the good!!The food here is great!!!  Studio B has a vast selection of foods here.  I got to have some hummus, tabouli, artichokes, diff salads, sides.  I looooved the crab legs here.  I'm not usually a fan bc I hate eating cold crab legs.  But here they have warmed crab legs which made them so much more delicious.  Like their Thai selection.  I was pleasantly surprised to have like all their thai curries!! Very good flavor. And I also loved their oxtail soup...NOM NOMZ!!!  And oddly enough, although I did not think any of their other asian dishes were worth more than a spoonful...I liked their California rolls!! Usually I don't even waste my time on CA rolls but I think that they used fresh crab so it was SUPER tasty. Note: I have to say that I was a little disappointed in the prime rib & the mahi mahi.  I was expecting good things from what I saw from my plate but the fish was too dry & the meat wasn't as melt-in-my-mouth tender as I'd like it.  But I guess you can't always get it right everyday.The dessert options were TO DIE FOR.  Loved their macaroons!!  Always a fave of mine.  I also enjoyed their crepes with chocolate sauce & brownie bits.  Liked the cheesecake...and how could I forget...THEIR GELATO!!! They had about 12 flavors to choose from and I really liked their coffee flavor.  *****this is not only an all-you-can eat..but ALL-YOU-CAN DRINK!!! Unlimited beer & wine =]  Too bad you can't get drunk bc you'll too full of food.  But the sheer fact that they have this option is great.  Plus, wine & beer is always nice when you are stuffing your face. Loved this place!! I'd consider it one of my Top 5 buffets!!!
5	One of my favorite buffets in vegas. Probably my favorite buffet if price were taken into account. I mean, I love wynn and bellagio and rio's seafood buffet, but theyre just so freakin expensive. Studio B offers great food at a very affordable price. I went here for their weekend seafood dinner, which included both hot and cold snow crab legs. and let me say, their hot crab legs were the best I've ever tasted. Perfectly salted, not too dry and not too soggy. And the meat was firm too. I don't think I ever had a crab leg here that fell apart before I was able to take it out of the shell. Amazing.And you can't go wrong with the unlimited beer and wine that's included in the price. Not many choices, but it definitely gets the job done. Oh, and if you can, get the root beer from the bar. Phenomenal. Best rootbeer EVER. It was pitch black and you couldnt even see the bubbles rising to the top. It still boggles the mind how they could make a drink that tasty and carbonated without having any bubbles appear to the top.Oh, and their alcoholic coffee section is pretty sweet too. They have a server who pours your coffee for you and puts as much alcohol as you want in it. I think i got about 3 shots in mine, and its all included! but of course, you should tip them pretty generously...
4	Both the breakfast and lunch buffets were very good there. The price is right. The service is pretty good. I definitely would go back there.
5	By far my favorite buffet in town!Yes..it can get BUSY..cuz its good!I love the food, I love the boozeI really love the coffee thats half booze..Take that in a 2 go cup! Yes..they will do that if ya tip em.You will leave here more full than @ Thanksgiving!
4	the order.everything they offer!this is probably the best buffet i have ever been to. for the price i paid, around 23 bucks, i would not have expected the food quality--but keep in mind these are buffet standards. so if you are looking for an all out 4 or 5 star food rating, you're out of luck. but if you are looking for a myriad of average to a little more than above average food and a great selection of such food, this is a must. from american to asian to latin, they have it all. and if you are wondering if this is better than the oh so famous (for whatever reason) bellagio buffet, it is!! the bellagio has a better selection of seafood items however but nothing was a must have. and i believe studio b has a seafood buffet on the weekends. some standouts for me were the chow mein which had great texture and taste. i never find good chow mein at buffets, never. the salmon sushi was surprisingly good though as you expect the temperature of the fish (due to its sitting out) was pretty warm for sushi. bottomless wine and i think beer too. though it's way off the strip, your time will not be wasted here-especially if you have tried the other below average buffets in vegas.
4	By far the best buffet for your dollar in vegas! We went to this buffet on our last trip to Vegas and were amazed at how good the quality and quantity of the food was! Fresh crab legs piled high, all sorts of sea food options...fish, shrimp, fresh sushi. All of the food here tasted just right! Not to mention all you can drink wine and beer! Heaven!!! The dessert were also delicious as well and lots of variety. I also found the service and cleanliness of the place excellent. My only gripe is the loooong wait on a Sat night. We stood in line for 2.5 hours. NO joke, but I guess when the food is that good there's gonna be a wait! I really liked the price too, but be warned about the wait!
4	ok...so this place is guud, but it is NOT my favorite buffet out in vegas. Heres my story...When I first heard about this place, so many people have told me that the best buffet in Vegas was at Studio B, located in the M Resort. Other people have also told me that Food Network had rated this as the best buffet (last time I saw the buffet episode for vegas....it said Bellagio...but oh well). After thought after thought of wanting to try this place, I then made a trip from the OC to the town of sin city. When I finally arrived here (about a 10-15 minute drive off the strip), the line was long (about an hr wait), so I thought...wow this place must be awesome. As I got to the front of the line (weekends are seafood night = $35 for dinner), the scenery was quite amazing, and the buffet line of food was long! My first objective was to go to the bar...unlimited all you can drink beer and wine?? WOW. So far so guud. I then began my line around the buffet line. Some items that stood out were the mashed potatoes, fried chicken, prime rib, oxtail soup, tomato basil soup, 3 cheese tortellni, and tri trip WERE ALL VERY GOOD. Now the reason why this place isnt a 5 star is because...-the selection was pretty guud, with lots of variety, but I've seen better. The place seemed to lack Mexican food, Chinese Food, had lots of sushi, but very little japanese foods and BBQ foods. For example, the Mirage buffet is awesome, with so many different selections, and more food items that I, personally enjoy. They even have separate stations (seafood, salad, asian, noodle, italian, mexican, greek, etc...) Since, I am a big SOUP and NOODLE FAN...at the mirage, they had about twice as many different kinds of soups (HOT AND SOUR SOUP and TORTILLA SOUP are amazing), and they even have a NOODLE STATION (PHO, UDON, RAMEN)!! Since those are my favorite kinds of foods, Mirage is still considered one of my favorites and better than the Studio B-and because my stomach didnt have the desire to kill itself. When Im at a buffet, I'll know when I'm at a good buffet when I eat so much that I will have to puke afterwards (yes its happened before).Anyways, the buffet was guud, def. a spot that serves quality over quantity. AND YOU CANT GO WRONG WITH THE ALL YOU CAN DRINK ALCOHOL!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
3	Everything was mediocre tasting but they do have a big selection of food. The only plus is the all you can drink wine and beer!
3	The first thing you notice when you enter this place is the ridiculous amount of LCD screens and lighting that encapsulate the dining area.  This is the closest you'll ever get to having a buffet on the dancefloor of a Las Vegas club at 1AM on Sunday morning.  With a first impression like that, you'd expect nom nom heaven.  Sadly, several small annoyances and disappointments drop Studio B to a 3 star buffet.Let's start with the food.  The epic selection may only be rivaled by the World Buffet at the Rio, until you look closer and realize that 30% of the buffet consists of cold pasta and salad dishes. You might be cool with that.  I was not. The remaining 70% consists of standard Las Vegas buffet staples: prime rib, sirloin, Chinese food, sushi, etc. and is the reason I go to buffets in Vegas in the first place. The prime rib and sirloin were decent, but you may want to stay away from the pasta. I almost chipped a tooth from dried out noodles embedded in my spaghetti. I shit you not.Since Studio B is relatively new to the Las Vegas buffet scene, one of the things that seems to be overlooked is the effect of heat lamps on unlined metal serving spoons.  Be prepared to suffer burns on your hands from simply scooping food onto your plate.The family jewels of the operation and the reason there's 100 people in line at seemingly all times of day is the all you can drink beer and wine.  At this point, you should be thinking, "Sure the food quality is questionable, I have second degree burns from serving myself, but the beer and wine will make it all better."  You'd be right, as long as you stick to the wine.  The beer selections on the other hand ... well, let's put it this way.  There are three selctions: Casino Brand Beer, Casino Brand Cider, and Pabst Blue Ribbon.  The Pabst Blue Ribbon tastes like an award winning microbrew compared to the other contestants.  On the other hand, if you just want a cheap way to get crunk before the club, this buffet gets automatically upgraded to 5 stars.
5	We walked into the M, and immediately, there was someone to greet us. Very friendly. No smoke smell (yet.. this is a new hotel, and maybe the smoke hasn't settled in yet, maybe they have a good ventilation system?).We got to the buffet at around 11am and there were maybe 6 people ahead of us. As soon as we got our seats, there were 50 people in line - we got lucky. It was about $30 for lunch.The food was REALLY good! They had an infinite amount of king crab legs! There was a lot of REALLY good food including: Adobo Chicken, Noodles, Oysters, Sushi, Chicken, Meat, etc - I didn't really spend too much time there because I was too busy filling up on the crab legs - cold and hot.They would get 5 stars just because of two simple facts: 1. unlimited king crab legs. 2. all-you-can-drink wine and beer!!!!!!!!WORTH EVERY PENNY!We even saw Chris Anderson from the Denver Nuggets there!And if you Tweet about the @MResort, they WILL respond back!
5	My one complaint about the Studio B Buffet is that their plates are not big enough.Seriously, their buffet is like a mile long winding snake and everything looks so good, that my plate inevitably gets filled up and then I see more stuff that I want to try. Yes, there are mountains of crab legs, but there is also sushi, prime rib, pad thai and curry, hummus, pizza, pasta, Chinese food, fried chicken... and that's only about 10% of the stuff they offer. A HUGE and delicious selection. I had 3 platefuls, and this is not including soup, or dessert, or drinks.Yes, drinks. Beer and wine is included. I saw some complaints about the small cups and how you can only get 1 tiny drink at a time, but this was not the case for us. The pours were all decent sized, maybe about a half pint glass for beer? And they let you get 2 drinks at a time. In fact, they would ask if you wanted beer with your wine lol. I had the cider which I think was a raspberry cider and it was really good! In addition they have an M beer (a German-style lager, I was told), Coors light, PBR and root beer. And of course your wines.If booze isn't your thing, they also make espresso drinks at the dessert station! I think they might even be able to booze those up for you because I saw bottles of amaretto next to the vanilla syrup. Speaking of desserts, I think I ate 4. I meant to only take a bite of each, but I couldn't stop myself. Oof, no wonder I had to roll myself out of there.We arrived around 4:45 and people were already in line. We only had to wait about 20 minutes, but still my heart sank a teeny bit when I saw a line. I also made sure to get a player's club card, but was told there is no discount. Maybe because it was Labor Day? I also read a few reviews which mentioned getting a "Fast Pass" or sorts to come back at a later time, but I don't believe this is the case any longer and you just need to get in line.  With that said, it's totally worth the drive off the strip to come here. Totally worth the $30. I'm sitting by my phone now waiting for the M to call me and tell me I won the free buffet for life.
5	We went there on Sunday night, Seafood buffet night. They have over 200 selections with variaties likes Oxtail, osso busco, penang curry, sushi, oysters, king crab, prawns, prime rib, gelatos, great dessert selection!! I'm impressed alright. 1 hour wait tho unless you are a VIP, thank God we are =) It's located in a new hotel M. I liked it but I heard they went bankrupt, poor them. Service is excellent and yeah, we liked it. Next time we will try Green Valley buffet bec I heard it's the locals fav and they cook the crab in any way you like!
5	Review # 50...so I decided to go big!  I even added pics for this review!  What's bigger than a buffet I say!  Doesn't get much bigger or better than Studio B at the M Resort.  This place rocks!  And I loves me my buffets!I've been here a couple times and I gotta say for the money this place is just about tops.  They've got just about everything you might want to eat or thought about eating!  I know, buffets don't offer gourmet quality...blah, blah, blah...it's not the freshest ingredients...blah, blah, blah...but Studio B comes close.  Among a sea of buffets that is Las Vegas, the cream rises to the top.They have numerous stations here at Studio B, Italian, American, Japanese, Chinese, even Hawaiian just to name a few.  For their seafood buffet they have almost everything under the sun to sample!  King Crab legs, oysters, shrimp, fresh fish, you name it!  I'm not the biggest seafood fan (go figure, local boy from Maui) but I love the various food!  I'm gonna sound like a lil' lechon (piggy) but on this one visit I got to try - seafood paella, osso bucco (oh soooo tender), NY steak, ahi sashimi salad, green beans almondine, hummus w/ tabbouleh, ahi poke (not bad for non-Hawaiian chefs), kim chee, kalbi ribs, chow fun, teriyaki chicken, pad thai, lemon chicken, assorted sushi and nigiri, yellow chicken curry w/ jasmine rice, rigatone with bolognese, black cod, Huli-Huli chicken, kalua pig w/ cabbage, and Thai beef salad!  Huff...huff...oh and don't forget the oxtail soup!  So so good and tender...I had 3 bowls!  I say this often..."Brok...Da...Mout"!  And it all tastes really fresh and homemade, nothing really sits on the buffet lines too long.  If it does, let the chef know and a new batch will be made.  This my friends is not even half the offerings Studio B has.  There was much, much more I couldn't try to fit in my lil' Buddah Belly.Don't forget, this place has all you can drink beer and wine included with your meal!  You alcoholics can have your wine and drink it too! I had a nice tall glass of beer to wash everything down and simmer..along with a nice glass of Diet Coke for good measure.  Okay, I lied a little bit...I still had room for a few desserts.  Their dessert station is mean!  I mean mean in a good way.  I savored a FEW items - chocolate crepe, double chocolate cake, cheesecake w/ raspberry sauce, tiramisu, pistachio mousse, cream puff, eclair, and some creme brulee...all excellent.  I also had a smidge of room left to try their gelato station, coconut was my fav.  Don't feel like dessert?  Have a cappuccino, the barista makes those fresh for you as well.Service for me was good, fast and efficient, I never had to ask for a refill on soda or water (alcohol must be obtained at the bar because they often ask for ID).  Our plates were taken off our table in a timely manner.  The price is very reasonable, about $15 per person for lunch, $23 per person for their regular dinner (Mon. - Thurs.), and $30 per person for their weekend seafood buffet.  Totally worth the dough if you ask me!  The only complaint I have with Studio B is the lines!  The lines can be horrible!  Especially on the weekends!  And especially on a holiday weekend!  Be prepared to stand in line for over an hour on some nights.  Luckily this visit we only stood in line about 45 minutes, but on our 1st visit we were in line for nearly an hour and 30 minutes!  So come with friends or relatives, that way they can stand in line while you go grab a cocktail and play some slot machines.  That's what I did...ha ha!  So if you absolutely must have a buffet to cap off your Las Vegas experience (please tourists...keep on coming and spending your hard earned money and keep my taxes down), bring your leftover money on down to Studio B!  I'm gonna go now...I have to unbutton my pants and loosen my belt a notch just thinking about this place!
5	One of the best buffets I've ever eaten.Studio B is located about 15 minutes before you get to the strip, so it has to work extra hard or offer special incentives to keep customers happy. I would come back in a heartbeat. Standouts: crab legs, osso bucco, pistachio mousse, blueberry scone, tiramisu, and banana gelato. The warm crab legs were outstanding!!! They were much better than Rio. So fresh and delicious. I fell into a crab leg dream state. Our table stopped talking for a good half hour. The only thing you could hear was the hurried ripping of crab leg and the diligent peeling of crab meat. At some point, I ended up with crab meat sprinkled in my hair. Unfortunately, W and P told me that the cold crab legs weren't as good as the warm ones. I suspect that once the warm crab legs have been sitting out for awhile, they're refrigerated and offered cold. Osso bucco: it melted under the weight of my fork. It was so, so good. Arrghghghgh. Initiate drool sound.Desserts: blueberry scone had the perfect crunchy crust. The tiramisu and banana gelato was some of the best that I've ever tasted. Also, I really liked the ambiance. It's not a pretentious buffet like Bellagio or Wynn. It's not pretending to be something else. It's not shoving mediocre food in your face. It's cozy and friendly and warm and it doesn't mind if you take your time.
5	When I received a notification saying I hadn't reviewed this place (although having checked in), I was thoroughly surprised.  Studio B is by far my favorite buffet in Nevada.  For the price you pay and the quality of food you get... well, let's just say I'd give 6 stars if I could.  The buffet is located just about 15mins from the Strip at the M Resort & Casino.  I try to make it a point to have it as my first and/or last stop whenever visiting Vegas.Highlights: crab legs, asian food, fried chicken && dessert... oh, and did I mention all you can drink? YES, their house cider is especially good! :DOverall, you've got to try it out for yourself! Weekday lunches are cheapest ($15!) while the weekends go up to $25-$30 (depending on the weekend).  Even at it's most expensive, it's still half the cost of some of the top notch buffets on the strip. :]
5	The Studio B buffet. Had to save the best for last. After all, the Studio B Buffet is where I had concluded my Vegas trip. After all, its near the outskirts of the strip. Actually not even close. I would say you check this buffet out on your way into Vegas or on your way out. Theres pros and cons for that as well but that is a whole different story. I cant really comment about the food, after all I was very picky with the selection. I did not try a variety of different things either. What I did do was do what all people do at buffets. I binged and binged and binged. But wait, it wasnt just the food that I was consuming plate after plate. It was the beer. THE FREE BEER. THE FREE DRAFTED BEER. You sure read that right. Yep. So I arrive and just like any buffet, there a wide variety of different foods to choose from. People seem to be taking advantage of the huge crab legs here along with the other seafood, served both chilled and warm so you know. My first attack was on french toast. Friends told me I was wasting space eating cheap things like french toast. Like they didnt know who I was or the way I can eat. 3 french toasts later, before anyone even sat down with their food, I was onto my 2nd plate. French toast was very IHOP-like. 5 thick slices of prime rib later, I wonder if I got my moneys worth yet? Hmm I did not think so, neither did my stomach. Avoid the top layer of the prime rib. It was salty as hell. The salt got me thirsty. At this point, I started to wonder where the beer was? Sneaky Studio B Buffet puts it right in front of the buffet so no one notices. Too bad I have friends who dont let friends NOT DRINK when they are drinking. So I double fist it, 2 Coors Light beers please.Naturally this is the way to go. After all, who wants to get up and grab a beer again and again. At this point, the table is full. They wanted to go gamble about 1 hr to 1.5 hrs into eating. Go ahead I said. Three of us stayed back. We were taking up a lot of space considering it was just the three of us. We wanted to sit in a nice comfy booth which the waitress agreed to do so. We move with beers in hand. Now this was where the real damage at the buffet has begun. 16 beers, 5 bowls of clam chowder, 10 pieces of bread, 10 chicken wings, 3 french toast and 5 slices of prime rib later, I dont know if we were drunk out of our asses at the buffet or were we just sick from eating so much. We killed 2 bottles of Tabasco sauce w/ our chowder. Who knew that being drunk and eating clam chowder would taste so damn good. Props to their chowder, that was my favorite item there. The wings were pretty good too. But then again, when doesnt  wings go well with beer? Finally we decided to leave, gut sticking out and all, as I had to rush to the nearby restroom to take a huge crap. Thankfully the Tabasco sauce did not hurt me. Total elapse time: 4 hours. Best way to leave Vegas, in a drunken food coma. Make sure your not the driver either. Bye bye Vegas, until next time.
5	I love love love this buffet. This is the BEST buffet in las vegas. Yes way better than wynn.Cheaper than wynn... so much worth it since it has more food than wynnALL U CAN DRINK BEER N WINEcrabs r sooooo fresh!Check out desserts i swear! Delicious!Only one bad side is the long waiting line. I got there around 6 on sat night n two hours wait! =_= but its all worth it :)
5	Oh M, you have won over my heart. and my tastebuds. $29.95 for a taste of heaven? Not a problem. If only you were closer, I'd have you everyday. Okay, maybe not everyday. ;)All you can drink and eat, including Thomas Kemper root beer. Thomas, you make a delicious root beer float. Automatic A+ in my book when the place is serving up gourmet root beer. Try the M cider too, it was delicious!As for the food, M had everything--seafood (Alaskan crab legs, cocktail shrimp, oysters), Chinese (awesome ginger crab legs!), Japanese (nigiri and California style), Korean (kalbi ribs which were not very good according to the boyfriend), Mediterranean and a bunch others. The prime rib was tasty and juicy and the sweet potato casserole with marshmallows was soo good my friend went back for seconds and thirds.What really got me was the dessert bar. As a group of 6, we got basically one of everything. They have these little gourmet chocolate squares that are TO DIE FOR. They are so good, but we only got a few before they ran out so grab a bunch if you see them. We were sad to hear they weren't going to make any more :( They also had different flavored meringue cookies, chocolate mousse cakes (there was one that tasted just like a Ferrero Rocher, this was AMAZING!), flan, creme brulee, cheesecake, tiramisu, etc--all were very elegantly displayed and delicious to eat! They also have an ice cream bar at the end of the dessert section.You just have to go and see for yourself the awesomeness that is M Buffet! Yum yum goodness!
4	while I love fine dining, I also love buffets.  is that a paradox?there is just something very satisfying about gorging on food in excess.Is this the best buffet (Wynn) I've ever had?  No.  Is it probably the best value one?  Yes.  Decently fresh king crab legs alone suffice for the $28 they charge for a weekend dinner.  Add the endless wine and beer bar?  best value ever.not the most refined buffet food (again, go to Wynn for that), but was very good in terms of selection and freshness.Warning, takes a long time to be seated so plan well in advance.
4	Hands down my favorite Buffet in Vegas!The most bang for your buck here....FRESH Seafood, Crab Legs, Shrimp, Great selection of food all around, they have a great layout, nice and wide open so you're not dodging people to get your food, and they even had Kalbi! (check out my picture...Loved it!)Gotta definitely treat yourself!!!
5	I like this place.  Its much cheaper ($30 for dinner) than the Wynn and Bellagio.  From what I tasted, all the food was fresh.  The only thing is that the King Crab Legs are not cracked open for you so I know how it may be frustrating if you are in grub mode.  But hey, there's no such thing as a free lunch!  The shrimp here is big and juicy.  The desserts are good.  The meat options aren't bad at all.  I definitely find this buffet comparable to Wynn and a bit cheaper.  The only thing is the hotel is off the strip and I hear the line can get crazy with hours.  I hate lines..I don't do them..even lines of coke...I just hate lines.  I went at 3pm and it was still packed..but no lines =D  Also they do have some sort of show they are quite secretive about.  Some chick from Food Network...Anyways I would say hit this place up if you haven't already.  Its better than losing it all at the blackjack tables or some LV strip hooker.
2	Wow! What a disappointment. The first time I ate at Studio B Buffett I believe was during the weekend. The food was satisfying and tasty, enough for me to come back and drag my husband. Second time around, dinner on a Thursday night was a complete 180 experience. In my husband words "Sizzlers would have been better." I told him it's suppose to be one of the better buffets of Vegas, he said more like the bottom buffets of Vegas. Tonight, I would have to agree. My husband gave it a no star, "In n Out would have been way more better and satisfying. Best thing was the beet salad and the fried shrimp"  I gave it a 2 because the fresh vegetable salads and fruits saved this buffet from being rated a 1 or no star. No crab legs during the weekday (minus points)Bamboo Mahi mahi (minus points, it was cold!)The Asian selection was bland, lacked flavor (double minus points - definitely not made by an asian chef)Crepes with defrosted berry pie filiing (double minus points, and sour! was it spoiled?)Fruit tart with canned pineapple and canned peaches (minus minus points - who uses canned fruit on a tart?) Paella, Carne Asada, Rosemary Chicken, Fried Chicken, Sushi, Thai Beef Salad, Kalua Pork, Grape Leaves, Desserts, all FAILED!!!!We went for the experience, what a waste of time, money, and drive.Another thing, we had a weird experience trying to get to our table. The hostess took 3 different parties to sit. First of all, we all looked stupid parading through the dining area in such a huge group (there was about 15 of us from again, 3 different parties). The hostess sat the first group who didn't like their table. So of course, we paraded around a few more rows to another table. This continued until all the parties were taken to their table all at opposite sides of the restaurant. Why would anyone do that? I just don't get it.  I should have just taken a sit at the numerous open tables rather than marching around like a bunch of high school band geeks. Thanks alot Studio B Buffet
4	Lunch here was a steal. So worth the 15 minute drive down I-15 (forget Las Vegas Blvd). At $15, with beer and wine included, the selection and quality here is definitely way higher than the buffets at higher end hotels.A few things: if you're looking for sushi - don't come here for lunch. It looked like they were prepping fish for the evening as we were finishing lunch - but that never made it to the line.Their prepared salads here are quite good and their breads (which is really surprising). Dessert selections were abundant - made to order crepes were a little lacklustre though.Overall - good deal, good food, definitely coming back.
5	On the way home from Vegas on a recent trip, bf and I were starving and couldn't decide on anything to eat.. but luckily we were headed past the M Resort and made it just in time for lunch!Weekday *Mon-Fri until 2:30pm* lunch prices are ridiculous.. a whopping $15 including beer and wine! FIFTEEEEEN DOLLARS! ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER AND WINE! I felt that this was caps-worthy news.They boast over 200 menu items available, and it was quite clear once we quickly entered the buffet after a short wait. The buffet line snakes around and includes all sorts of ethnic dishes.Noteworthy:-pasta salads and mixed salads (huuge variety!), eggplant parmesan, mac and cheese w/ ham, tortellini!-tri-tip, rotisserie chicken (super moist), meatloaf w/ mushroom sauce, carne asada! YUM-3 types of curry: green chicken curry, beef panang, and red seafood curry. They were all so flavorful and delicious! Better than some thai restaurants I've been to.-chocolate crepe, fruit tart, cream puff, creme brulee, and cheesecake w/ raspberry sauce were all deliciousJust so-so:-chicken enchilada was salty-fried chicken was good but greasy-orange chicken and teriyaki chicken were okay-macarons-gelato.. not as good as I've had elsewhereDrinks:you have a good selection of beer, including Heineken on tap! We also had some raspberry cider, and wine choices.At the dessert station there are made-to-order cappuccinos/espressos/lattes which you can add baileys or amaretto to! :)We were also given raffle tickets for free buffets but didn't win :(and the other catch was, there was no seafood (crab legs, oysters, etc) but only a seafood buffet on Friday nights for $30, which I would come back and try sometime! I would definitely have to say for $15 we were thoroughly satisfied and happy. Although this is not considered a gourmet buffet with fancy items, rather more simplistic items, the quality is not sacrificed at all.Overall well deserved 4.5 star rating.
4	Went to a Friday night buffet at M Casino... just heard about this place the day before from someone at another casino.  Came down expecting something like the Rio (lots of choices, but not too great quality), but it was actually different than others.  There are about 4 main sections, salad, seafood, American (meat), and asian (chinese, thai, japanese, and hawaiian).  Starting on the right you have a small salad section, with intertingly tabuolleh and grape leaves one table (so thats their middle-eastern section).  Meh.   Next, from the right to the middle, we have a smallish selection of seafood (semi precut crab legs, oysters, shrimp), not too much cjoice but all of them were very fresh and tasty.  I'm usually somewhat sensitive to unfresh seafood.  And everything was very fresh.Middle was decent American (osso buco, prime rib, rotisserie chicken, and others).   Nothing crazy good but ok.  From the middle to the left is Japanese (sushi too cold!), Hawaiian, korean, thai, then chinese.Also, they have alcohol (albeit cheap) but it's pretty good.  I stuck to the white wine (the beers tasted the same, and I can't take red)Stick with the Seafood buffets (so go only on Friday and Saturday) and drink, and you'll love it.
4	I got crab wasted. The crab legs was off the chain. Unlimited beer and wine, can't go wrong.
5	My boyfriend I recently came here. We heard so  many good things about it so it was finally time to try this baby out. It's about 10 miles south of the strip. This place is pretty amazing. Las Vegas buffets have slowly gone downhill and there's only a handful of places I am willing to spend $ on and the M Buffet is one of them. They have an array of foods from teriyaki chicken, to chicken adobo (filipino cuisine), to ribs, salmon, etc. Their desserts are AMAZING! Gelato, creme brulee, cakes, and pastries! The creme brulee was yummy! They also had flan! mmm!!Everything I ate was prepared very well. It's really good quality food and plenty of it. The wait wasn't too bad on a Saturday afternoon. I think we waited 10-15 minutes max. Maybe we lucked out eh?Worth trying at least once!
5	I love buffets!  Whats sets them apart from one another is the quality of food and the variety.  I've always thought the Mirage Buffet was the best and I've been to most of the highly recommended in Vegas.  Now comes along the M Resort with their Studio B buffet.  This is hands down the best buffet Ive ever had!  The crab station alone, which they have 2 of them, is a mountain of whole crab legs which look ridiculous when you fill up your plate.  The meats they have are all cooked right!  And if you want something more rare or well done, all you have to do is ask.  Then when you walk around the corner, you see their beer/wine buffet!!!  What!?!?!?!  And across from that is their dessert buffet!  I swear this place is just full of awesomeness!  Price is average.  The place is clean.  The staff is great.  This place a must!  But be prepared to wait a good hour or so when you go during the peak days/times.  Get there early and just feast!  I can't wait to go back!Take a look at the picture I posted!
5	*I always go to buffets with my friend Gluttony*As we roll up to the M Resort I walk up in anticipation to Studio B. This was my first time, but a few of my friends had already been. Although I try not to listen to hype they said that it was pretty tootin' n bootin' so I'll have to admit I was a little anxious. Now we ended up waiting in line for almost 2 hours total (well, for me and two others it was more like an hour. We went and deposited money to the casino while our awesome friends waited in line for us. Thanks you guys *insert cheesy smile and wink*)Once we entered they sat us at the back, but it had a great view of the strip, desert, and even more desert. After waiting in line for so long we all went straight to see the spread. Now I have this problem when I go to buffets where when I see something appealing I get excited and get it right away leaving less space for me to get other stuff. In this case there was a giant selection. So as always I end up starting off with two plates. Don't judge. There was an impressive layout of seafood and they even had a whole tray of melted butter for crab legs. Be careful though, if you don't eat the butter fast enough it WILL solidify. They have your typical buffet foods, but what really surprised me was that they had CHICKEN ADOBO. For those of you who are not familiar with what that is it's a Filipino dish. I was amazed at the fact that they had this so I had to try it. Everyone at the table tried it, and we all came up with the same conclusion: It was a little salty, but pretty darn good. And we at the table were borderline shocked at how delicious the pad Thai was.One thing that I must point out is their prime rib. It was so T-E-N-D-E-R that we used a butter knife to cut it. Yup, that's pretty tender. Dessert bar = extra workout time. They also have unlimited beer and wine. I'm sure that just added points in a lot of people's books. All in all I really enjoyed the food, and can see myself coming back here. I give it a 5 star rating because it blew my expectations out of the water, and was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food. Give it a try. Hopefully you'll find as much delight in it as much as I did.
5	Thinking this was another cool Vegas Buffet, This place meet beyond my expectations. They serve wine and beer ( Unlimited). If you go here for lunch, I suggest you skip breakfast and be there early.
5	I've been here three times this year and I have zero complaints. M's Studio B Buffet has really become a must stop destination before leaving Las Vegas back to Los Angeles.The selection of food offered at Studio B is massive and the food is not sabby either. I really enjoyed the bbq spare ribs, prime rib, mahi mahi, marshmallow yams, shrimp, crab, and more (more than I want to list here). Studio B also offers gourmet coffee and gelato along with a decadent selection of pastries, cakes, and macaroons. (What can I say, I have a sweet tooth...)The service is great and the food selection makes you go back for seconds, for thirds, and more. The food is always good quality and always hot/warm. Sometimes I forget about all the money I lost at the tables in Vegas when I sit and eat at Studio B.Studio B is all about food. They even have a massive display wrapping around the buffet that shows Food Network. LMAO.
4	My bf and I came here with a friend that had a few comps to share. So we all 3 ate for the price of 1. It was very nice to skip to the front of the line w/ that players card of his. Well in the 2x that I've been here (only 2 wks apart) I really enjoyed the spicy tuna sushi. Really good - they also have extra spicy tuna off to the side that you can add to the top of this. mm so good. the shrimp pad tai was really good also. Ooh and the orange chicken I had a piece and it was really good. I also tasted a piece of bamboo salmon or mahi mahi - I wasnt impressed at all. But the sweet potatoes were delicious. Probably the best I've ever tasted. They also serve wine- no riesling but they have chardonnay, cabernet sav, white zif, and you can tip the servers. The dessert line is insane! I didnt even taste the desert the 1st visit. The 2nd time I tasted chocolate souflee wow! That was the best thing I tasted that day. My bf had a great piece of cheesecake, What wasnt good was the creme brulee. UM no. I was most excited about that and it ended up being not great. Kinda sad b/c I've been craving creme brulee for years. yup years. Kinda a let down. THey have everything from icecream, cookies, cakes, pies, crepes, cheesecake, pecan pie, bread pudding. (pass) Its endless. This is probably one of the best buffets in the city. However... this being said... most people come for the crab legs. Ive seen rows and rows of people walking away with 4-6 layers of crab legs piled on their plate. with buckets of butter. We even saw someone walk away with the whole bowl of lemons (the bowl that everyone serves themselves from) and head toward their table. WHAT??!?!?!? and the chef tried to get her to comeback.. and she said what? I need them for my crablegs. and she proceeded to walk bk to her table! OMG. Some people have no shame! NONE. If you get the chance, this place is def. worth a try. Just try to limit yourself b/c its hard to do in this place. Everything looks so good.
5	Got a buy 1 get 1 free coupon in the mail and was very excited to go here again. Arrived about 2 and had a 30min wait in line. But it was worth the wait! I love this buffet. It is still my favorite. Our server was amazing. She even went and got my toddler a sippy cup full of apple juice.We all ate sooo much. It was great. We came home and crashed after the gorgefest.
5	The best seafood buffer in Vegas! They have about 250 choices. All you can eat, snow crab leg, fresh oyster, prime rib, sushi, chinese, italian, thai and other kinds of cuisines. Free tap beer and wine behind the counter ($1 tip would be nice). Make sure to try their dessert and ice cream bar which are separated from the main dining area. The waitress was really friendly, who showed me how to cut the snow crab leg in a efficient way :) It did get crowded during peak hour for lunch/dinner. So make sure you get in line early. The location is a concern but if you have a car, you will be fine.
4	GO BIG OR GO HOME! That's my mindset when it comes to buffets and ohhhhh man, I walked outta here with my money's worth! To save some of you trouble, just let me tell you what you NEED & MUST get here!--Tomato basil soup--Buckwheat noodle salad--Prime rib (with creamy horseradish & au jus!)--Warm snow crab legs with butter--Tuna & salmon sashimi...sooo fresh--Shrimp cocktail (always a buffet staple for me)--Mashed sweet potatoes--Creme brulee (heaaaaven!)--Tiramisu--Mango, strawberry & raspberry sorbetoTo be honest, it felt like there were a couple of misses. The clam chowder was salty, the pad thai was lacking (my cousin who's been to this buffet numerous times says that it can range from amazing to ehhhh depending on who makes it in the kitchen), the bread pudding was a bit dry, and the MERINGUES were wrongly labeled as MACARONS! Don't be fooled!Of course, I also wish there was a bit more variety in the beer & wine offered. My cousin asked if they served Sauvignon Blanc to which the lady behind the bar answered, "I'm sorry, we don't serve cocktails". When my cousin repeated her question, the lady told her "We only have wine here". HAHAHA yes, we experienced a bit of awkward communication there and to answer my cousin's question, no they did NOT offer it. I was looking forward to a mimosa but sadly, they also didn't offer any champagne :(I love how it's less crowded than the buffets found on the strip & the quality of most of their items are top notch. Note: For all those traveling from the strip, they offer a complimentary shuttle to the M Resort from the Fashion Show Mall. The stop is right next to Forever21...it's something everyone should definitely take advantage of!
4	Best buffet in Las Vegas!
5	this buffet is everything a buffet should be i.e., extensive selection of fine foods & cuisines, deserts, coffees, even premium beer... ROOT BEER, that is, and great service.It is in no way the SLOP, subpar foods found in what you think when you think bad or ordinary buffet.The wait kinda sucks... but it cannot be helped and is WELL worth it.
5	Always good!
5	This buffet is RIDICULOUS. It's an all you can eat seafood buffet and well worth the $30! The refill their seafood selection consistently, there's Alaskan crab, oysters, and cocktail shrimp. There's also other foods and cuisines there as well. The other food is sometimes a bit dry since not too many people eat it, and it's just sitting under the heat lamp. Overall though, it's a GREAT buffet.
3	I was looking forward to returning to vegas for this but... it isn't as good as it was 8 months ago.No more sashimi, creme brulee, and the gelato machine was out of order.Actually, the fruits this time around were a bit out of season and not fresh.But the prime rib was still good so I just kept on that.  So for the price, that made up for everything else that was okay.Probably going to try the buffet of buffets next time around.
4	Yay to Vegas buffet! If you haven't had buffet in Vegas you are definitely missing out! In search for a good buffet place off the strip we ended up going to Studio B at the M resort because of all these awesome reviews and it sure didn't dissapoint!M resort is a little drive away from the strip so the driving there part felt sort of tedious because of all the traffic, but it when we got there it was all worth it. The quality of the food was great. They had everything from pasta to sushi, crab and seafood. lots and lots of variety. The only thing i didn't like was the plastic utensil they gave us to eat the crab with. Along with food, they also serve unlimited beers and wines at the buffet but there are only three varieties of either beverages. Im not much of a wine guy so i tried their signature house "M" Lager which was actually a pretty decent beer. Give it a try.If you don't mind driving off the strip for a bit, this is a good place to go eat lunch and sip on some brews.
5	this is my favorite buffet of all of las vegas. granted, i havent been to them all, but it still reigns my favorite.first - included with the dinner, unlimited beer and wine!!! the cider is pretty damn good. not too big on pbr or their other drafts, but the cider is quite nice. they have wine also. the white zin's pretty good as well (just a tip: they'll let you take 2 at a time)second - if you go during seafood brunch/dinner its definitely worth it! crab legs, oysters and shrimp. i go for the crab legs and oysters, but everything has always been fresh and super tasty!!!third - theres so many different kinds of food there (pasta, pizza, steaks, seafood, asian dishes, salad, soup, breads, sushi and fruit). food items differ but there will definitely be something you like!!!fourth - the dessert. gelato is on point! the macaroons are yummy!!! creme brulee is amazing. and - they offer coffee drinks wit baileys as well (for those of you 21+)overall, worth the 1 or 2 hours you may wait in line and the $30+ you'll pay per person for seafood brunch/dinner. a little tip: we went in one sunday for brunch right before noon or so, and we waited maybe 15 minutes. shortest wait ever!!!compared to rio and paris buffet...this is probably the buffet i wont mind paying for.
3	I had very high expectations for this buffet but have been disappointed more times than not.  I have been to this buffet 5 times due to out of town family wanting to try it.  I had two good meals and three not so good meals.  This last time we went, they didn't have any gelato since the cooler was out of order.  My boys were so sad and disappointed but we saw someone with soft serve yogurt so that appeased them.  I think the crab legs are good but can get wiped out fast on a busy day.  We usually go for the sushi and last time it was slim pickings when the time before there was always lots of sushi out.  It seems like they don't have enough people working the buffet or something.  Also on our last trip, most of the food we had was very dry.  I really wish they would have the buffet priced for those those who want to drink and for those who don't.  I do not like to drink alcohol around my kids so the buffet loses some of its value, IMO if you don't drink.  Two of the times we had bad service.  The one waiter never came back after asking us one time how everything was.  And the waiter we had this last time forgot what we ordered to drink so brought a bunch of random drinks. We are not demanding, all I ask is to never let my drink go empty, is that too much to ask?
4	Wasn't sure if I should give this a 3 or a 4.  I stuck with 4.  The wine and beer it came gave it the +1.  It's the second best buffet after Bellagio, all things considered.  It's  $30 buffet on weekends (I believe Bellagio's is $35).  The food is good.  The seafood is for the most part fresh.  But the service is hit or  miss.+The shrimp cocktail is always the first thing I go for at buffets.  It was a good way to start this buffet as well.  Peeled for you and cooked perfectly.  Nice and succulent.  The cocktail sauce was great, not weaksauce like other buffets.+Oysters!  At a buffet!  These were hit or miss, but if you choose out the fresh ones, you'll be fine.  You hafta ask for Tabasco, and I do prefer limes but lemons work fine.  AYCE oysters... drooooooool...+Crab legs.  These weren't really precracked like Bellagio, but no problem.  My brother dominated these.  They were good.  Very sweet.+Prime rib.  Most buffets I swear have prime rib, but I swear they are not Prime rib, but just a ribeye roast.  This, was definitely prime rib.  Beefy, tender, delicious.  Great Au Jus to go with it.+Osso Buco... I think this is the best I've ever had.  They even had piece that had marrow left in it!!!!!!  I was so excited!  I think my cholesterol shot up after dominating these things.+ Cappuccino and the server who hooked it up with the Baileys! -Dessert bar.  It was a decent bar, but I was expecting a bit more.-Quality of wine.  I guess the wine's quality is above two buck chuck.  Nothing great here.  But it's free (besides the $1 tip).The variety didn't seem as good as Bellagio's still.  Nothing wow'd me.  Last time I went to Bellagio they had Ostrich!  This has pretty standard buffet foods --- just a better quality.And like I said, service is hit or miss.  We had two servers and the guy was really good.  The other lady.. sucked.  Badly.  I like to tip more for buffets as they're always running around waiting on us.  But for this occasion, 17% was all they got.  I wish I could just give it to the dude, then I'd tip him 25%  But that lady was so horrible.  We asked for a lot of things but didn't get it, had to ask the guy 10 minutes later.  She took 30 minutes to get someone a coke and when she dropped it off said "oh it looks like you got him to get it for you already."  No shit, bitch!  Took you 30 minutes to get us a coke?Anyway, for being off the strip with all the hype it's getting I guess I was expecting a bit more.  For $30 it is cheaper than Bellagio, but certain things just wasn't enough to make it my favorite.  Next time, I'm hitting up Bellagio again!OH!!  Last thing to mention.  The gelato bar was broken.  If you want gelato, go to Baby Cakes and you can get free gelato there.  Just show them your receipt!
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas! The boyfriend and I love going to this buffet! I love the crablegs and the cocktail shrimps. Those are pretty much the only things I eat there! The boyfriend eats the rest of the variety lol.There are a lot of different varieties of food here! From the seafood, to the asian food, to the prime ribs, to the pizza! Everything I tried here is pretty good!The dessert bar is deee-lish-ousss! I loved the madeleines, the flan, the crepes, everything! Unfortunately, I didnt have room for gelatto, but I will try that next time. I love how beer and wine is included in the price! Ordered a cider and it was very tasty! I asked whats the closest thing to moscato and this is what the lady recommended. Pretty good chouce if you ask me!The line can get really long, but luckily for me, I've never really had to wait the 1-2 hours some people have talked about. I would estimate that my wait time this weekend was about 20-30 minutes around 2pm.Will definitely be going back to this buffet again next time I'm in town. This is usually always our last stop as its on the way home.
3	I think this place has been over-hyped. The food was good...but it wasn't AMAZING. AMAZING was a bit lacking here I think. However for the price you pay for lunch at $17 you do get a nice variety of food choices here. I agree with others that the prime rib here is probably the best thing out of their whole menu.  The poke salad was mushy, the miso fish was blah, the beef barely soup was too salty, and the desserts were all too sweet. The green beans were decent, the Chinese chicken salad was probably the best salad in their offerings, and i heard that the mac and cheese was pretty good too. If you go here...eat lots of prime rib with horse radish and drink lots of their special root beer which you have to go and get yourself in the front by the soup.
5	Who goes to a buffet for their anniversary?  That's what Hubby and I asked each other when we decided on Studio B for our 3rd.  But were we happily surprised at how silly that question was after our first plates!! Hands down THE best buffet we'd ever eaten at, heard of, thought about, or dreamed of... Ever!!! With the most tender succulent Prime Rib and creamiest horseradish, freshest Mahi Mahi cooked on a bamboo plank, and some of the most creative selections I've ever seen at a buffet, Studio B did not disappoint.  Even on a Thursday night, without all the seafood and crab legs, this place was hoppin!  Way to go M!!! You hit a homer with this one!
4	No wait on Monday AM about 9:30. There was a decent breakfast spread, enough variety to get your $10 worth.  We lingered so we could try the other areas (Asian, pizza and most importantly, the DESSERTS!) and it was all delish and fresh!  We will come again!The hotel itself is gorgeous oh and they have the Airplane! slots (only the best movie ever ever ever!)
2	Maybe it's because I went on a weekday?Food was just alright. Aside from the alcohol, it reminded me of hometown buffet. =(  Sweet potato side was the bomb here.The first time I came, this place was amazing with sashimi, gelato, and creme brulee.Sashimi got replaced by cucumber salad. Gelato machine was down. Creme brulee was traded for chocolate cake. Boooo...Prime rib didn't come out as frequently as it should have. Although it was tasty, it needed to rest a bit longer. We ate around the RARE parts. Our server looked at our plate and said WHOA that's a raw piece of meat you got there!Positive thing was the berry cider. Tasted like fizzy juice! YUM!!This past experience was not quite as enjoyable with the WOW factor like the first time. I doubt we'll be stopping by here again.
5	Finally a taste of HEAVEN!!9.99 breakfast buffet! WHAT A STEAL! Trick of the trade pay for breakfast and stay till lunch! Ive been meaning, more like, wanting to come to the Studio B Buffet after all my friends have been ranting and raving about how good it was! Considering that this buffet is on the cheaper side I was a little skeptical. The wait isnt too long in the morning. We probably waited no more than 30 mins.Food is to die for! I tried to sample as much as I could! They make everything in small batches so it does not get stale. Everything was so flavorful! Seafood was fresh, chinese was cracking, soups were amazing, cutting board meats moist, should I go on?  Top picks: Fried chicken and sweet potato mash!! The dessert area is also overwhelming. Meringues..ice cakes..cookies..tarts..crepes galore! Hold on let me wipe my drool before I continue. An added plus about this buffet is that they serve unlimited wine and beer as apart of your meal. No extra charge..ITS INCLUDED! If The M Resort is too far, because it is way off the strip 10-15 min ride, you can always opt to take a shuttle from either the Fashion Show Mall or from the Airport.
4	Love the creme brulee, and it's better when their gelato cooler is working.  Hope they get that fixed soon!
4	You can not beat this buffet for price.  They offer what I consider a hugh selection of different ethnic foods and upscale selections, liquor is included if you drink, and the desserts are actually really good.  I usually don't like buffet desserts, but these are good quality.Dissapointed you no longer get a discount with your player card, but at $15 for weekday lunch, it's a deal.  We always recommend it as a must.
5	We came here for a late lunch and/or early dinner.... Linner? Hahaha.Located over 10 miles off the strip, it's a bit of a trek to get here? Does that make it any less worthwhile? Hell no! It makes it all the more worthwhile!$30/per person gets you unlimited amount of food selections and amounts, unlimited amount of desserts and unlimited amount of wine and beer!Crabs legs, cocktail shrimp, oysters, thanksgiving dinner selections, korean, japanese, italian, and oodles of beef everywhere? I didn't want to leave...When we did leave though, I fell asleep in the car within less than 5 minutes :)
5	Wow wow wow!!! I have never experienced such a pheNOMenal buffet in Vegas or anywhere else. We came on a regular weekday, so there were no signs of a line. Everything I tried was consistently delish. That's pretty hard to come by from a buffet since most have their food pros and cons. Not here, at least not for me anyway. Only things I wished were there were the gelato (the machine wasn't working) and my Vegas seafood staples, shrimp cocktail and crab legs. I'm coming back to Sin City in January on a Friday. That said, I have my sights on their Seafood brunch. Very more than likely to head over right after I pick up my rental from the airport. Or maybe dinner. Either way, it's only about $30+tax, which is way less than what I've paid for at the Wynn. Did I forget to mention they have FREE wine and beer? Oh yeah!
4	Good buffet!  Large variety of different foods!  I loved the never ending snow crab legs and seafood curry!  Also, all you can drink alcohol! That itself was amazing.  They did not run out of food, they were always refilling.  The wait was a bit long and they didn't have that many fish selections except Mahi Mahi, but if you're not a seafood fan then you're good!  Overall, great buffet.
5	I wish I had a bigger stomach. That way, I could house more food from this buffet than what I actually had. On that Friday night, for $30 I enjoyed prime rib, bamboo steamed mahi mahi, spicy tuna rolls, kalbi, baked mussels, clams, baked fish, Alaskan crab legs, meat, more meat, and a slew of other goodies that I wished I had more of. Dessert was manageable with the same serving size, but I was disappointed that there wasn't gelato or anything other than soft serve frozen yogurt. I forgot to mention the price also includes unlimited beer and wine, but given the two, I'd rather reserve all my tummy space for the food. The wait at 6 pm on at Friday night was almost 45 minutes, so be aware. Bit of a drive from the Strip, but the popularity of the buffet doesn't diminish due to distance!
5	Almost every single time I made a trip to Vegas, whether it be with my companions Jaymie Lynn S. and Justin E. or not, we always end up hitting up what I consider to be the most worthwhile buffet in Vegas!  If you want a damn good selection of foods with nice ambience for a very reasonable price, then Studio B Buffet is definitely the way to go in Vegas.Sure, you've heard about the luxurious buffets at Rio and Bellagio, and this buffet isn't even on the Strip!?  Well, in my opinion, the locals definitely know where to go, and if it wasn't for Jaymie Lynn S.'s local uncle for showing us this restaurant, I would not have shared the same experience with my future Vegas trips.  This place is legit.  The M is a wonderful resort as it is, and the deals here are definitely worth your money.During the summer they have Sunday brunch, but since it's Fall now, they no longer offer that.  It doesn't make a huge difference so don't worry about that.  It's cheaper on the weekdays and on the weekends it will always be "seafood buffet," so it'll cost a bit more $30... absolutely fair.  Once you pay, you will be asked how large your party is, and will wait until a server seats you.  It may take up to fifteen minutes before being seated, but trust me, it's worth it.The buffet selection is set up in a circular path, and consists of:1. Asian Flavors (Chinese food, sushi, sashimi salad)2. Seafood Selection* (fresh oysters, shrimp, KING CRAB LEGS, clams, etc.)3. American Cuisine (prime rib, chicken, mashed potatoes, greens, etc.)4. Cooked seafood (fried fishes, fried seafood, cooked salmon, etc.)5. More Fresh Seafood*6. Salad Bar7. Desserts Bar*Selection depends on whether it's the weekday or weekendOnce you're seated, a waiter will ask for your drink orders.  Non-alcoholic drinks are complimentary and are bottomless, but the best part of this buffet is that there is also an open bar.  There is a bar that offers fresh beer on tap, as well as a selection of ciders to quench your thirst.  Of course, drinks are free, but be generous and tip accordingly.  I highly recommend the cider for your meal.  Although its bottomless alcohol, we also came for the delicious food too, so save room for that.  (Don't plan on getting too buzzed if you want to focus on the food).Food wise- I cant get enough of it.  The selection here is incredible!  The prime rib is tender and juicy, and is always a first on my plate.  Afterwards, I like to stock up on plates of nigiri, oysters, and definitely king crab legs.  Crackers for the legs are available from your waiter- just ask!  If you want to avoid filling up on the nigiri rice, I recommend picking the fish off.  Unfortunately they don't offer sashimi by itself, so we have to make the best of it.  The king crab legs here are absolutely delicious, but definitely practice your cracking skills, as they are a bit harder than most other buffets to get the meat out.  But it's definitely worth the effort!I usually end up staying at this buffet for at least two hours at a time.  After all of the delicious food, you have to save room for dessert!  Studio B offers a large selection of delicious sweets, and even gelato to quench your thirst.  As usual, samples are available for the gelato, but you might as well pack on an entire cup to enjoy at your table.Again, it's a top notch buffet that I cannot help but recommend to my friends and colleagues when they go to Vegas.  I certainly enjoyed it, and know that on my next Vegas trip, this will be one of my stops.  Give it a try!Parking is available outside the resort and is definitely plentiful.  Park on the side next to the pool, as the buffet is closer to that entrance.
5	This is by far a better buffet to eat than most on the strip and/or any where else in las vegas, and worth the drive from the strip? Yes go for breakfast and stay for lunch is my favorite,since i prefer lunch than eggs and bacon and other breakfast goodies??Lots of different varieties of food- a little chinese, mexican, japanese, greek,italian, american,etc.. Plus beer and wine comes with your meal for free if you choose to induldge..
3	I have to put in a disclaimer that I didn't eat any of the food, but I took a tour of the buffet.  Just visually seeing this buffet, I know the owners of M are doing things the right way.  The parking lot was full of cars, but the tables and slots were bare.  You go into the buffet and it's packed.  More people in the buffet than in the casino.  The M is attracting locals from everywhere to eat their world class food.  Presentation-wise, this stuff looked way better than Wynn for half the price.  We had already eaten and were just at M to check it out.  We were impressed.  When you walk into the buffet and see a bleeding piece of beef on a carving table, it's time to find a table.  So, a solid 3 stars for what I saw.
4	I tried the  Studio Buffet for the first time about a month ago, but haven't been able to put in a review for sometime now...well, here we go!The line on a Wednesday night wasn't that bad, we got there for dinner around 7:00p and was seated in twenty minutes. The waiter took our drink orders and we were on our way. The selections they had were amazing. I could say that my memorable faves of the night was the Prime Rib, Greek Salad, Rotisserie Chicken,  some of the Pizza's, Ox-Tail Soup (Yes, there was a Hawaii section too !) - thumbs up! and of COURSE, the dessert line. O.m.gness. Ice Cream bar and can I say....COCONUT MACAROONS! Not to mention a frozen drink blending station too. And here's the kicker of the night for me...the bar. YES, there was a bar in the buffet. I got beer on tap, and I believe they had wine selections too, as for mixed drinks, i didn't really ask or car at the moment b/c i was in shock that there was a bar in the buffet. yes. It was a good first experience. Now all I gotta do is try the Seafood Buffet!!!
4	Im not a fan of buffet but boy do I love this place! Ever since 3 years ago when I first gone, I have never missed a trip without the buffet at the M resort (off the strip). The last time I was there, we ate there twice in 3 days and I overindulged myself and had a stomach ache for hours.... lol... I'm banned by my boy friend to go there again... lol anyway, best best best buffet ever! I loved their king crab legs (warm ones) with butter, their prime ribs is spectacular, their mango ice cream, their deserts... omg...... I can't speak for the Chinese food and fried foods but if you're a king crab, prime rib, desert eater, I totally recommend it. I believe they've been voted "the best buffet in Las Vegas". I'll just have to find ways to sneak in without my boy friend knowing.. puhahahhaha here's the site http://www.themresort.com/dining/studiob.html
5	Wow...I waited 2 hrs and 30 mins, but it was our fault for not coming in earlier. I thought it was worth the wait. I was impressed! I usually leave scraps from items I did not enjoy, but this time I cleared my plates. The crew was friendly and they were efficient with my drink refills. I would rate this 5 stars, even though I waited for ages
4	i don't yelp anymore, but i'll be doing all you yelpers an injustice if i don't share my thoughts on studio b buffet. this was the last meal on my bachelor trip. sunday brunch - $30. anyways unlimited wine, beer, root beer on tap. I was looking through the buffet line and noticed that there were many different cuisines represented. Hawaiian, Korean, French, Spanish, Mexican, American, Chinese, japanese, Filipino. I was pretty impressed. then i saw the oysters...Piles and piles of shucked oysters. Wowie! juicy, plump, briny. just how i like them. Had 3 plates of them. everything else was good too, but those oysters are what i remember the most. only problem when i was there was that gelato machine was broken :( its ok, chocolate souffle was a good enough replacement for my sweet tooth.
4	Best Buffet in Las Vegas so far!  I'm not a fan of snow crab but these were definitely good.  The snow crab was not watery or salty.  Good quality and a huge wide variety of other foods. Prime Rib Roast, Chicken, Salad, Soup, Sushi, Pizza and much more! :)  The dessert section is extensive with macaroons, tiramisu, cheesecake and other wonderful sweets including gelato.Also, wine and been is complimentary (and unlimited) with your buffet meal!!!
5	I'm not a buffet fan in the least; the selections are typical and mediocore, food is often bland and dry from sitting out, not to mention the crowds of people.  *But*... the Studio B buffet has been by far the best.  The food is not your run-of-the-mill buffet food: over 200 items to choose from; things that stood out particularly for me was the oysters, mussels, dolmas, the sashimi salad (I could eat that every single day not be bored with it) and the gelato.  They make their own gelato there.  The fried chicken was tender and juicy.  The dessert selection was wonderful - lots of little dessert shots, homemade meringues.  Beer, wine and hard cider is included in the price.Be prepared for a wait.  While this was voted the best buffet in Vegas 2010, word is getting out.  We arrived at 4:30pm on a Friday night for the seafood dinner and waited an hour to be seated.  Sometimes the wait can be up to 2 hours.  The wait is worth it.
4	okay so last time i went i had a horrible experience.  This time was better.my friends have never been here and wanted to try it. so on our way to vegas, we decided to stop at Studio B for dinner. This time my experience was better. The food was better too! They now have sashimi salad which was my favorite item of the place (aside from the snow crabs).they also have this Thai section, which i thought was pretty good for a buffet. the pad thai was cooked well. and server Choy is awesome. She takes away your dishes at the perfect time. And she refills your drinks without you needing to ask her.
5	Many of our friends have recommended this buffet (with high regards) so we tried the Seafood Buffet last saturday for lunch. The promotion is 2-for-1 pricing for iMagine card holders, until December 18. There was a large line but it went fairly quick. My husband played his free play of $5.00 (initial gift when getting the card- your choice of the free play or a t-shirt) while I stood in line. The majority of people in line were Asian. And the line proceeded to get longer and longer, even as we exited the buffet. Also worth mentioning, prior to eating here, we've eaten at the Cafe and Baby Cakes (yummy gelato). Let me preface by saying that there is fairly large seating here- booths and tables- I was amazed at the size of the buffet as well as the ambiance (let's be honest, the typical casino buffet lacks ambiance). We were seated on the farthest end- we had a pretty view- it's unusual in that most casinos and buffets omit clear windows and views. I was facing the window so the people's faces looked like shadows, but that was ok. There was also a demonstration area but it was a little secluded. Our server Solangel was very attentive (kept our drinks refilled) and busy carrying off a large platter of dirty plates and glasses.  I had to be picky because there was an enormous plethora of selections: snow crab legs, sushi rolls, nigiri, oysters on the half shell, peel and eat shrimp, fried shrimp, fried fish, paella, carvers: mahi mahi, prime rib, turkey, and chicken, asian grill, custom omelettes, greek food, italian, sweet potato mash, bread, salads, and fresh fruit. I completely avoided all the heavy foods. I sampled the baba ganoush (it's good- but my hubby didn't like it), asparagus (crisp tender, not overdone), mahi mahi (ok- not the same when one you're so used to getting it fresh elsewhere; at least it wasn't fishy), okra wrapped fish (so tender- I almost debated getting another piece but I resisted but maybe next time...), peel and eat shrimp, crab legs- I think we found our favorite place for crab legs (sweet, fresh, and just enough salt)- not a surprise that this was the majority of our meal, mussels and clams (good), teriyaki chicken (yummy sauce using ), caprese salad, pineapple (very sweet). It's almost impossible to try everything here- because there is so much! Also, note that some dishes are not typical of the average casino buffet like Chicken Adobo (Filipino). Everything is top notch here. The price is slightly higher but it's worth it!The dessert station was equally impressive; also where you get the gelato and coffee- the line can get pretty long since it's just one station, but the wait is not bad. Different kinds of macaroons, assorted cookies, creme brulee, flan (very good), tiramisu, chocolate souffle (yummy), carrot cake, chocolate cake, fruit tart- are what I remember- I'm sure I'm missing some others though. I had the peanut butter gelato while my husband had the coconut gelato. I wanted to try many other desserts but the portions aren't small enough- it'd be perfect if some of them were petit fours size, then I wouldn't feel so bad about consuming all those calories. I know, I'm at a buffet, just go with it.I highly recommend this buffet to locals and tourists alike, but get the iMagine card in order to take advantage of the promotions. There is something for everyone. Beer and wine is included at lunch and dinner- have you ever heard of that? I cannot stress enough that this is simply not the typical run-of-the-mill boring casino buffet; it's so much better, in so many ways, from the taste of the food, to the offerings, to the ambiance. I would even say that there are elements that make it a gourmet experience.
5	This is based on sunday morning brunch.  Clutch with all you can drink beer, wine, and cider.  Real Nigiri sushi, Prime Rib, quality ingredients in all dishes, and home made Gelato.  As good as it gets for a Vegas style buffet.  Only thing is get there early because the line gets long!
4	My BF doesn't even write reviews on yelp, and he was considering writing a five star review about this buffet located in the M Resort on the way in to Vegas. He was swept off his feet by the beautiful cut of prime rib. I would have given it five stars except I got a crappy, less succulent end cut of the prime rib - what, you don't think girls can differentiate beautiful meat from mediocre? I beg your pardon!The majority of the food was amazing, and the variety was out of this world - literally. They had cuisine from so many different cultures!The dessert bar was good - definitely try the custard-filled puffs and house-made ice cream.I almost forgot to mention the endless beer and wine benefit of this buffet! (How could I?!) I think that may have been due to the total distraction by (and fullness from) the food. :)The line, even on a weeknight, was worse than Disneyland. We waited about a half hour, which was actually less than expected, but it was toward the end of the dinner rush. I still think the Wynn buffet is more amazing, but it's also twice the price. Our dinner on a Thursday night was $22.99. (Should I consider the beers we purchased at a casino bar for the wait in line in that cost? We had to save our sanity!)
4	Very surprised they had Korean short ribs and chicken adobo!  The buffet is huge and the seating area equally as well.  I loved the unlimited beer and wine.  I'll just keep it brief, but the only item I was disappointed with was the sushi.  The sushi just didn't look fresh and it didn't have much of a variety.  The value of this buffet is very good.Items I liked:  Korean short ribs, prime rib, unlimited beer, italian gelato, and the creme brule.Didn't like:  SushiI will come here again!
5	Long line to get in; however the food was worth the wait.
4	Ugh, expectations. When deciding where to eat our one epic vegas buffet (seriously, we have been known to stay for 3+ hours!), a friend's friend suggested the studio b buffet which, for locals, is supposedly the best buffet ever. It's quite a sight when you arrive - huge monitors above (showing iron chef reruns), lots of windows to check out the view, tons of seating, and wow, what variety of items! While it's a great place to sit and enjoy your meal, the restaurant contained nothing but boring, typical buffet "quantity over quality" items. Crab legs were tasteless, the oysters were fishy tasting (ie. not fresh), the meats (mahi mahi, turkey, etc) were just meh, and well, nothing savory really stood out. All in all, I was left longing for the Wynn buffet.What really stood out for me though were the desserts. Holy moly were they good! Great selection, fresh, and oh so tasty (tiramisu, creme brulee were true standouts). Seriously, I feared I had become a diabetic after eating so much dessert, but I just couldn't help myself! 4 stars cause it's fairly reasonable (+1 star), their dessert items were pretty awesome (+2 stars), and they had free beer/wine (+1 star :D). Definitely feel you get better, higher-quality food at the Wynn or Bellagio, but it's still a cool place to visit off the Strip.
5	I always heard that the buffet at the M Resort was really good.  I didnt know the name of it but now I do. Studio B is the buffet everyone is talking about when they talk about the M buffet!! Remember that.The quality of the food is definitely there. Super major selection. Check this out, they even have chicken adobo!  Of course it ain't like moms or uncles but it surprised me when I seen that. When I went, the line was pretty long, it took us about 45 minutes to actually get seated so be mindful of that.  It was about $24 bucks for dinner. Not bad at all.
5	I love me a good all you can eat meal (Korean BBQ, sushi, fish and chips), but casino buffets are a type of restaurant that you will rarely find me at.  Many times you find mediocre food that's been sitting for a long time under heat lamps, small selections of different cuisines, or you end up in a buffet having paid over $20 for your meal only to find that you like one or two dishes that they serve.Then there was Studio B.  Friends and family talking about how awesome it was, the great desserts they offer, the all you can drink beer and wine!  It turned out to be true.  One of my favorite things at this buffet is the meat carving; they offer large, juicy cuts that go great with their horseradish.  I have to stop by at least three times during each visit, I'm such a fatty!  Seafood selection seems fresh and is satisfying as well.  I'm not much of a dessert person but I always end up getting two plates here.  Be sure to try the cream puffs!I'm not sure that I've been to another casino buffet that makes me feel like my $30 is so well spent.  The only thing to be on the lookout for is the killer line to get in.  Be sure to get to the line when you're kinda hungry, not super hungry.  Use the time waiting in line to build up the rest of your appetite, otherwise you'll be grumpy and stuck in line, two things that don't go well together.
5	Ohh mahh godd! I had been hearing about the M Resort's Buffet for some time and had been wanting to try it badly. First of all, it's called Studio B, not the M buffet (very helpful hint because googling "M buffet" doesn't get you anywhere). Coming out to Studio B is definitely out of the way when you're staying and partying on the strip, but it is soo worth that 15 minute drive. We happen to come on a Sunday around lunch (technically, the seafood bunch for $29.99 per person) and there was a hefty line. I was already pretty hungry, but the line moved pretty quickly and in 30 minutes we had a table and were on our way to the food. The food selection is huge! It snakes around with so many choices, different cuisines, so much variety. My bf and I have to survey all our choices before filling our plates. There is a lot of seafood choices, some American choices, a salad bar, good meat and fish selections, and then an Asian section. What is unique about the Asian section is that is actually broken down into different Asian cultures including Japanese, Thai, Chinese, Filipino, Hawaiian (not really Asian, but whatever), and more? Everything looked delicious, but of course, there isn't room for everything. The outstanding and the must have: -Crab legs. They had crab legs, 3 different styles! Jack-friggin-pot. Steamed, chilled, or cooked with an asian ginger sauce. All three were yummy. The ginger sauce was extremely messy, though. My friend noted that the chilled legs didn't taste watery or taste like they had recently been defrosted like some other places. A note to my primary care physician: there is a high possibility that I developed gout after this buffet.-Eggplant parmesan. I don't know why I really loved this, but it was sure tasty.-Dessert. Definitely leave room for the desserts! They were all amazing, but especially the gelato and the pistachio shooter. My friends also really liked the brownie that they topped with gelato, but I was too full to try it. -Sushi. Usually I avoid buffet sushi because they are overloaded with rice and are usually low quality rolls. Studio B serves large pieces of sushi that looked fresh and tasted delicious. The good and repeatable: -Prime rib. Good, solid prime rib, but not the best I have ever had. -Salad choices. The had many salad choices and all were very flavorful especially the antipasto.-Sweet potatoes. yum yum yum. anyone else ready for thanksgiving?-Shrimp. We had the Wynn buffet the night where their shrimp look like they are on steroids. Studio B has good sized shrimp, though. -Mussels. The ones topped with mayo and cheese (i think?). Delicious.-Cappuccino bar. Great way to end the meal!The only two things I didn't like here:-The bathroom is outside. Whyy so far and so inconvenient. Buut I guess this fault is forgivable.-Oysters. I was excited to see oysters, but they were small and tasted fishy and gritty. I'll pass on these next time. By the way, did I mention unlimited beer and wine is included with the meal?! Unheard of! You might want to take two strategies here: 1) forego the excess liquid to maximize food space OR 2) eat, drink, and enjoy the buffet for as long as humanly possible. Either way, you'll get your money's worth! I personally couldn't drink much alcohol right before the drive back to LA, but I tried their root beer on tap and that was dark, creamy, and tasty!Studio B is the buffet where you get the most for your money in terms of food quality and food diversity. The giant TV screens that line the wall and the overall cleanliness of the place are added touches. You won't be disappointed!
5	The best buffet in Vegas hands down!! On the weekends it costs about $30, but this last time I went it was 2 for 1 if you have a Rewards Card... and you better believe I brought mine!!! Wooohoooo!!They have a nice selection to choose from and the quality of the food is top notch. Some of my favorite dishes there are the tri-tip steak, prime rib, fried chicken, kalua pig, lomi salmon, and kalbi ribs. Trust me when I say everything is good! They also have crab legs that are piled up pretty high and never seem to run out. I don't like crab, but if you do then you'll be in heaven!They also have an all you can drink beer and wine station as well as a pretty good dessert station across from it. At the dessert place they got a good sized gelato selection. I usually get the oreo or vanilla.When ever I am in Vegas it is a must for me and my group to eat at a buffet, and Studio B Buffet is the winner!! Winner, winner, chicken dinner!!
4	Our first stop arriving in Vegas.  The M resort is a pretty snazzy place since it's only 2 years old.  The atmosphere was chill and relax, people seemed to take it a little slower here than the casinos at the strip.  Everyone we talked to who worked here speak very highly of the M.First thing first... the buffet!  great selection of food (we liked the hot and cold crab legs, prime ribs, new york steak, lomi salmon were some of the star choices.All you can drink beer and wine was also a plus!  Great selection of desserts (i liked how the portions are small enough for you to try all that's available, my favorite was the flan! Yum)Definitely competitive to the buffets available on the strip.  A worthwhile stop!
5	M Resort's Studio B Buffet is the best of all buffets in Vegas.  I've been here twice, and both times, I left the buffet extremely satisfied.  The serving HAS BEEN excellent both times I went.  Last I visisted it was in July/2010 when Adam Lambert held a concert in the Manadalay Bay Hotel.....well, my friends and I decided to go to M Resort for the weekend Seafood Buffet.  Although it was $29.99, the quality of food was excellent.  There's no complaint about pricing because of that from me or my friends.  The second time I went----which was just two days ago, Wed. before Thanksgiving, my friends and I tried the $10.80 breakfast buffet....it was also excellent.  We had arrived slightly too late to enjoy a second breakfast plate, but it turned into lunch buffet.....so, we had the chance to try weekday regular lunch there.  The food selections were widely varied, and the dessert bar remained amazing as usual.  I was just surprised I couldn't find Creme Brulee.....that was the only item missing when I went for the breakfast buffet (that turned into lunch) this 2nd time I went.  Overall, I had a great time searching for a variety of food there to eat and experiment.  Our waitor/ess changed once, and all of us liked our second waitor a lot because he was very friendly, smiled a lot, and was very courteous.....
4	Went for the Thanksgiving Feast.Arrived at around 6pm. Didn't get seated until 9:45...yeah...it was THAT packed...Overall the buffet is well balanced between things that work and things that didnt. I cant throw my arms up in the air and just cry out that every was delicious and how i wish to go back every chance i could but realistically i can't. Instead i'm just going to list things i've had and comment on them in my usual review fashion. (Hint Click the 'Useful' button)- Hard Cider -Wanted the Root Beer but they were all out, darn kids... so went for the hard cider. Was carded upon request but stopped taking offense after i noticed the woman working the drinks was carding everyone. Wow this stuff is good, very light in taste, doesn't have an aftertaste or linger, very refreshing.- Ginger Snow/King (yeah i don't know which) Crabs - Everyone was assaulting the cold/warm legs and i didnt feel like waiting to pick off what ever's left. My buddy found these in the Chinese section. They were pure WIN. Perfectly seasoned, still warm, juicy and fresh tasting.- Prime Rib -When i got to the prime rib station the hunk of meat was nearing the end and the handler was struggling to get cuts of the meat correctly. i requested the hunk of dark meat with the fat. He was glad to get rid of that part for it was much larger then the rest due to his 'excellent' slicing skills. Wow...the end piece was perfectly seasoned and almost melted in my mouth. Totally made that 3.5hr wait worth it.- Chicken Florentine -Dry, tasteless, dry...more dry...more tasteless...epic fail- Steak Grilled something something... - Wow just WOW these were good. Forgot what it was called because it had an unusual name but looked like grilled steak covered in gravy. The steaks were well done but wasnt tough or stringy. They had a VERY nice grilled taste and the gravy wasnt overpowering at all.- Bamboo Mahi Mahi - Had an unusual flavor, i can only describe it as 'woody with a citrus background' but the flesh was just so dry- Shrimp Cocktail - Hit and miss. Some shrimp had firm tails, some hard, some nearly dissolved. Cocktail sauce was heavy on the horseradish.- Here i go again - is anyone even reading any of this?- Red Seafood Curry - Wish they offered Indian curries. Anyway the curry had more of a seafood flavor then a curry flavor. Spicy but with no flavor so it was just a spicy seafood taste.- Chicken Teriyaki - Tasted like steamed chicken with sauce poured all over it. Would have claimed this to be fail but the chicken went along great with the beef red curry sauce.- Hummus -The first time i went to this buffet i remembered the hummus to be the most disgusting dip i've ever seen but ended up the best hummus i've ever had. This trip was the complete opposite. The hummus looked average and tasted...blah. Tasted like gritty cream with no flavor.- Pizza Bread - Dont know why i got this but so glad i'm did. Pretty much topping and sauce-less pizza dough in pizza slices with cheese on top. Tasted awesome.- Roasted Lamb -Overcooked and tasteless. Tough and a bit stringy. Salt couldnt fix the lack of flavor.- Mushroom Salad - oooh these little marinated mushrooms were bomb - Pistachio Shooters - Whoa these were good, Pistachio pudding with raspberry puree at the bottom. Very nice- Tiramisu Shooters - Eh not quite the epic tiramisu i've had at CPK (of all places to have tiramisu...) but they were...alright- Oreo Cookie Shooters - Eh...Why? with the Pistachio and the Tiramisu why even have this? It's like putting a musket behind a machine gun. obviously one is vastly superior then the other.Last bit was the experience. I know it's thanksgiving and i know the entire buffet shuts down and starts booting people by 10:30. But COME ON. It's Thanksgiving and we've waited in line for 3 and a half hours. I know the staff wanna go home to their families but COME ON I WAS IN LINE FOR THREE AND A HALF HOURS!!
5	Since buffets can be a mixed bag sometimes, I'm going to compartmentalize my evaluation. The Meats:Prime Rib - juicy and succulent, as good as the best buffets in this regard. 5 stars for quality vs. value.Tri-tip - flavorful and tasty. 4.5 starsKorean Short Rib - very flavorful and the meat had a very fresh taste and texture - served medium rare. 4.5 starsSeafood:Snowcrab - cold or hot, both were good. Nice sized legs, not totally bland from boiling. 4.5 starsShrimp - cold cocktail style, as good as anywhere, maybe not the biggest .4 starsOysters on the half shell - fresh fresh fresh, squeeze a lil lemon, a lil horseradish, and a lil cocktail sauce.Gargle...swallow...repeat. 5 starsBamboo Mahi Mahi, fresh and tender, great flavor, pineapple salsa complemented well. 4 starsSushi - didn't look all that great so I didn't try it. (This probably would have lowered the overall score, but since I didn't have any it's only fair to leave it out. I am real picky with my sushi. Also, no Hamachi! 3 starsAsian hot food:Oxtail stew - Yum Yum Yum, tender, savory, must have! 5 starsThai food - decent curry, good pad thai. 4 starsChinese food chow mein, egg rolls, stir fry dishes. 3 starsItalian food:Spaghetti, linguine, alfredo, meatballs, tortelini. 3 starsChicken Florentine, Pizza. 3.5 starsSalads:They were all pretty good. 4 starsFruit:Pineapple, Honeydew melon, Watermelon.Out of season, it was still good. 4 starsDesserts: Overall 5 StarsDark Chocolate rice crispies (kinda like a crunch bar brittle, except with fine gourmet dark chocolate).Flan, Creme Brulee, Mini cheesecakes, Mini mousse cups - chocolate brownie type, tiramisu type, etc.Fruit cup custard tarts, cream puffs, Beignets.Assorted cookies and cakes. Gelato bar (This alone almost gives the dessert section 5 stars).The desserts weren't quite as refined and elegant as those at Bellagio buffet, also not as much variety, but I feel what they had definitely tasted just as good.We had seen an ad saying it was buy 1 get 1 free with a player's card.We didn't get that. It was still worth it.I really wish Yelp allowed us to give half stars.Since the value was good and I enjoyed most everything I had, I'm bumping this up to 5 stars.
5	5 Stars all the way! Never believed my friends when they said that the Studio B Buffet was the best in Vegas but now that I've eaten there, I believe!Wait is not that long, price is okay, great food, layout is fantastic. Seating areas were not all bunched up together. Has the necessary elbow room when munching down on your food.  Deserts galore at this buffet too! Also unlimited beer and wine with the buffet which I decided not to take advantage of because all I wanted to do was eat!Highly recommend this buffet!
4	Ok, I preface this by noting that I'm not a huge fan of buffets. I'm turned off by having to serve myself food prepared in bulk!!! lolThat being said, the food isn't extraordinary, but it's pretty good for "buffet food." I absolutely adore Korean BBQ and they have an abundance of options on the food line. Not as good as you'd find in Chinatown, but it's pretty good for a buffet.The best thing about this place is the AYCD (All you can drink) option. I am a personal fan of the cider that they serve here. I'm usually able to get my money's worth in cider alone.There are many food options and you're bound to find something you like.The service was slow and we had dirty plates stacked up at the end of the table. Our server was quite pregnant, so our large group was quite understanding, despite being a little peeved at having to maneuver around dirty plates.One of my favorite buffets in town, aside from the Carnival Court Buffet at Rio that offers BOGO discounts for locals.
5	Came for lunch on a Monday, Nov 8, 2010.  Walked away happy and full.The buffet is located in M Resort, which is off the strip, but it's a very nice place.  My draw dropped at the price -- $15.  There was no line (it was a Monday after all).  The cashier lady was super nice, and asked if it was our first time (it was mine, not my date's).  She explained that there is a beer and wine bar - all you can drink!(No thanks though, I'd rather fill up on FOOD)I'm having trouble recalling the decor in detail, and I didn't really take pics of the place... I remember it being a very expansive dining hall, slightly reminiscent of a very upscale cafeteria.  Sorry, I'm sure that didn't sound appealing, but, like I said, I'm having trouble.I do remember giant screens with food show clips and commercials (situated above the food counters).Anyway, I would describe the food as very fresh and flavorful.  I remember thinking each plate was at least decent to very good... none that were a miss.  The selection is smaller than Rio, but the quality more than makes up for it.  I would say it's almost as good as Bellagio's... and considering its price, it has knocked Bellagio from the #1 spot for best buffet in Vegas, imho.Go, try it out.  This place has my stamp of approval.Oh yea, and they give you nice thick napkins!! (read my other buffet reviews from the "buffet of buffets" trip)
4	Ok, Boys and Girls.  You know I am always on the prowl for fine dining and when I got the word from a friend I just had to go.  Ok, so it wasn't a sexy place that ya could wine and dine your main squeeze but WTF. It is "Voted the Best Buffet."Yes the new and really cool M Resort and Casino in Las Vegas .  I loved the notice outside that said they do not allow children to run like a bunch of F-ing wild maniacs through the area.  A lot of people were in line on a Wednesday night.  That is a really good sign in my travels anyway. You want to pay $29.00 for dinner?  Here is exactly what I had...3 glasses of FREE White Zinfandel Wine.  Ok, so it was from Chile...(ehhh boner move) but they were pouring it like it was an Italian wedding reception.  I like that. Other idiotic Vegas charges for a measly glass of (2008 god knows what) red wine makes this place A+ in my book. If you are more of a beer drinker (you party animal you) they had a limited choice on tap.  But free?  Hey the sleazy jerks I hang out with would drive there just to get their 12 brewskies for free!Then ya wonder around this huge food buffet serving area...Yes everything... and ya think, "ok I will try that...and that...and that...and that...and that.  Oh, I had the deep fried jalapeno!  Milk Please! 3 glasses of milk  (BIG GLASSES OF MILK)  FREE.  Then I broke my golden rule of "Thou shalt never ever again order fish that is anywhere beyond 100 miles of an ocean shoreline.  The Mahi Mahi was really good.  The Sea Bass excellent. It was all good.  The deserts outrageous.Another glass of wine...Hey! Where'd ya get that steak? and on, and on, and on...I was so stuffed and drunk off my booty I couldn't think to sit down and play the slots.  Nice big casino that seems different but  nice ...Flashy...Fun...an assortment of Bars and Eateries.  You get the idea.  I would like to stay here sometime if I could just get a good deal.BUT......................They pissed my honey off by making her stand in line for 50 minutes!!!  Moral to the story? They brag that they are voted the Number One Buffet in Vegas?  Yep I would say yes, yeah they are.  Good place and ya get your 29 georgie boys worth but, get your hungry ass there at 4:00 p.m. If not?  Wear comfortable shoes!   Trust me.  The food was great!  But damnit.  The cutie was so stuffed she passed out when we got back to the hotel room.  Oh well...she was happy we went the next morning!  Oh yeah you got it rat pack fans.  Big time point scoreboard!
3	there's a lot of mixed reviews about studio b buffet being both good and bad. you figure that showing up saturday for dinner, you'd get the better end of the spectrum. eh.here's the lowdown:-king crab legs [both warm and cold] were a tad bit too salty. the forked plastic tool used to assist in yanking out the meat did not help but at least the crabs were pre-cracked [standard these days, anyhow]. just give me a pair of chopsticks, and i can do wonders.-oysters. no mignonette sauce. aahhhhhhhh! these were definitely not the best, but at least they were somewhat still fresh. since i love "me" some oysters, the majority of my plate[s] consisted of these clam shells - with lots and lots of lemon juice. -prime rib was somewhat decent. i'm not a big fan of prime rib anyhow, but i'd agree with Pauline C. that it's above buffet quality standards.-the rest of the fillers were typical. after a few samples, i didn't even bother with the rest. sometimes you can tell how good or bad something is simply by looking at it [or smelling it in my case].the dessert - probably the only reason why the ratings are so high i'm not a dessert person, but i somehow ended up partaking in a few delicacies. i caved for the presentation alone and indulged in what looked like a chocolate and vanilla mousse cup and gelato. yum!my conclusion - it's overrated. skip the buffet, and go for something nicer altogether for the same price. your stomach may not be as full but your body will thank you later for it.
5	I ate here for the first time the other day, and i must say i was impressed. Other buffets can not compare. I like how the buffet is set up. You don't feel ambushed with a strangers invading your bubble. My boyfriend did not really care for beans and rice from the Hispanic side, but other than that we would recommend eating here. I enjoyed the variation of sugar free desserts. I was a happy camper. My boyfriend had breakfast here and liked it. We plan on going here soon again, not only because the food was d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s, but we have a 2 for 1 that came in the mail =]. Price is worth it!
3	Tons of selectionBeer and Wine....Those are the stand outs at Studio B. They had different types of curries and other Asian items, typical buffet stuff, and mahi mahi on a bamboo skewer. The mahi mahi and the berry cider I had were the stand outs. Otherwise, nothing special. It's nice to have crab legs served warm but I like mine cold anyway so not a big deal. The crab legs were good although not too pretty, and the prime rib was mediocre. Our service was good, and we were there for about 2 hours or so but I just can't stand the cafeteria-like interior, with the way the tables are arranged and the cheap chair materials. There are no dim corners to hide in. I rarely complain about atmosphere, but the place for some reason really got on my nerves. In my opinion, if you are going to eat buffet food and get beer and wine you might as well do it at the Hilton for way less. I left with a sense of disappointment; I just can't justify the price when I can pay a few bucks more and be at the Wynn.
5	Reader's Choice Best Buffet 2010 (yes, even better than the Rio Seafood Buffet if you can believe that!). Longest buffet bar you've probably come across! All-you-can drink beer & wine, sushi, unbelievable gelato selection at the dessert bar, espresso & coffee liqueurs (to make your irish or mexican coffee's at the end of your meal)! Over 200 menu items daily! Very convenient location, only 4 miles south of the LV strip!
4	Studio B Buffet is hands down the best bang for your buck buffet in Vegas. I didn't get to try out all the different food because they have so many options. It's worth the 7 mile drive off the strip.
5	the best buffet i've been to for as many times i've been to Vegas.it's really an experience.  i recommend you to go.  even just once, just go.i have no words as i'm eating.marc out.oh, and i hardly give fives.
5	This place is the new happiest place on earth for yelpers! Studio B at M Resort is the best buffet I've had in a long time if not ever. The seafood buffet on Sunday evening had a great selection. Cold and hot crab, oysters, cold shrimp, steamed clams, Paella, oxtail soup, miso mahi mahi, Kalbi, prime rib, lamb, cold buckwheat noodles, and complimentary beer and wine. The quality of all the foods was excellent and the list above were just items I sampled - there's just to many items to try. I can see why this place gets a 4 1/2 star average. The desserts here are good too - especially the gelato ice creme, flan and macaroons. They even make latte and cappuccino coffee's to order. I'm not a huge buffet fan but this is the place to go if you want  great buffet.
5	I like the AYCE. What can I say. I like options and I like lots of them! This is my favorite buffet in town. Lamb, beer and short ribs. My night is complete. I've been trying to drag my girl to this place forever and we finally got the opportunity while some of her friends were visiting to head over there. She is not a fan of buffets in general, but even she couldn't help but proclaim her love for this place. I even got adventurous and tried some curries and duck. That's the good thing about buffets. You get the opportunity to try things you wouldn't under normal circumstances. I look forward to many more dinners here in the future!
3	I waited over 2 hours to eat here.  Definitely not worth that long of a wait.I also got carded when ordering their Thomas Kemper Root Beer. WTF
3	Disclaimer -- Im not much of a buffet fan.  Have been to several in Vegas - Rio, Mirage, etc and this one is as good as any -- as buffets go.  We were there for the seafood buffet and if you are a fan of crab and shrimp its worth the $30.   Franky I wouldnt spend another meal on this place since there are so many great places to get much better food but if a buffet is in the offering for you -- this one is good.The beer and wine is a nice touch and several choices.  Also the latte/coffee bar is something i had not seen before.
5	I am going to have to say that this buffet is still standing in my book as (dun dun dun) THE BEST BUFFET IN TOWN! Whether it be breakfast, lunch or dinner any day of the week, I am still surprisingly satisfied and amazed by the uniqueness, quality, and deliciousness of the food being presented.  I know you all are wondering what there may be in store for you (or at least the ones that have yet to try almost everything out), but there is literally a piece of everything around the globe! From the cheesy macaroni, appeitizing sushi rolls, and enticing kalbi ribs, to the yummy-in-my-tummy Creme brulee, various flavors of gelato, and savory taste of what is found in the tiramisu cups, there is at least one thing for everyone to enjoy! Hint, for those of you who are 21 years old and up, congratulations because you get unlimited cider, wine, or beer with the presentation of your ID! If you are also wondering when the best time to go is, I suggest going either on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday (if you are addicted to seafood like I am)! Depending on your luck, they serve clams, oysters, shrimps, crab legs (either warm or cold), and muscles! If you're really curious as to what type of seafood they are serving specially for that day, give them a call!
5	The best buffet I have ever been to in Vegas, partly because they have a gelato/sorbet bar!! I think about 12 flavors of it!!One piece of advice: go when breakfast is almost over, that way you pay the breakfast price ($9.99) and have both breakfast and lunch.  I think that the lunch buffet costs $15.99.Anyways, this buffet was amazing, delicious food and such a great variety of it.  Unfortunately, we weren't able to take advantage of their weekend seafood buffet....I've heard great things about it, but I shall return.
4	It's weird how the best buffet in Vegas would have such few reviews. Honestly I can't give a full review because I stuffed my face with snow crab legs and prime rib.I did have some mashed potatoes to go with the prime rib and their gravy put me in mashed potatoes heaven. There is an open bar for wine and beer. But don't forget to tip. It's Vegas after all.The dessertI didn't care for their crepes. I love creme brule but this one not so much.The gelato was good but my cone was burnt, didn't expect that one.2.5 hours wait, 30$, It was good but maybe I would settle for one that has less of a line and closer to the strip.
3	Maybe it's because this place has been hyped so much but I didn't feel like this was the "greatest buffet in Vegas." Ahem, Mike W. Don't get me wrong. It's really good but I'd rather hit the Wynn because I feel like it's better and has the advantage of being on the strip.And if I'm going to wait just as long here as I am there then there's really no reason for me to drive 25 min south after I drove 5 hours north to get to Vegas.
3	Heard a lot about Studio B. Supposedly it's Las Vegas best buffet in 2010.Interior: Large place, lots of places to eat yummy food. No big lines at the food counters.Service: I waited 4 hours from 4:45 to 8:45. I was not happy. For $30, the food is great...but not worth the 4 hour wait..Food: Quality stuff, prime rib, oysters, crab legs, all sorts of desserts and foods :)Overall: I'm sure I wouldve enjoyed it a lot more if I wasnt sleepy, starving and tired. 3.5 stars.
5	This buffet is excellent. Not only is the food quality superb, the variety is magnificent. The menu is large and accommodates every palate. Another aspect of this buffet (which is the reason I love it) is all you can drink beer and wine is included. No other buffet that I know of offers beer and wine. Finally, when you're stuffed to the gils, They have a dessert bar that is great.
4	Pros:- $30/person for Friday night buffet which includes seafood (steamed king crab legs, mussels, shrimp, etc) and beer/wine- Good quality food regarding the seafood, steak, and desserts. Everything else was just okay.- Efficient staff. Very friendly and the wait staff kept up with the dishes. Cons:- Customers are separated based on party size (group of 3 or less, and then groups of 4 or more). We had a group of 6 and it was at least an 1.5 hour wait around 6:30 PM on a Friday night. Groups of 3 or less had less than a 10 minute wait.- At least a 10-15 min drive away from the StripOverall:-Not sure I would be back again because besides the seafood and the desserts the food wasn't outstanding. However, the steamed king crab legs (served both cold and hot) are delicious. Also, I don't drink so the price isn't as good for me as it is for some people.-The last time I was in Vegas I was at the Aladdin buffet (a long, long, long time ago), and I thought that one was better.
4	I can definitely say the best crab legs in town! I never leave Vegas without going to atleast 1 buffet and this definitely will be one of them. They also have the best desserts. So much to choose. They have some really good creme brulee for a buffet. That is my favorite dessert so I was very happy when I saw that round lil sweet savory dessert. Worth going out of the strip for this buffet.
4	The food is not bad, but it's also not great, especially for the price.  You'd think lunch time prices would be cheaper.  Nope! ~$30!  I've been to Japanese restaurants during happy hour and can spend the same amount that I spend at this place for better tasting food.  The Mexican food that they served here is not good.  Same goes for those dice hash brown stuff, I forgot what it's called, but it's super greasy; I felt like throwing up after eating this stuff.  The meats were whatever; the wine is alright.  The sushi here sucks.  I'm not a huge fan of oxtail, but I can tell you that my friend is and he loved it here.  They also serve a good amount of seafood, which a lot of Asians rave, unlike me.  You can see them taking pretty much all the oysters and crabs, shrimps, etc.  I saw this lady taking huge amounts of oysters from the tray.  She might as well have taken the whole tray since she stayed in one spot picking for the longest time.  Anyway, this is a good place to try for the first time.  The place is really nice and if you come at a bad time, the wait in line can be up to 2 hours or more.
5	Now this is what a buffet should be like! We got there around 530ish on a saturday night for the seafood dinner buffet. The line was pretty much a HUGE crowd of people all the way down to the bathroom area. The wait looked like about 3 hours for dinner. How horrible!! Luckily, someone in our party had a comp dinner so we got to go to the SHORTER line!!! YAY! We ended up waiting 1 hour rather then 3! The dinner is $29.99 for a seafood buffet and drinks (alcohol included!). I tried pretty much everything this buffet had to offer. There's crab, raw oysters, sushi, prime rib and lots of hot/cold food. Sometimes the food was pretty hit and miss, but overall everything was delicious. The dessert was so tasty and very pretty to the eye. Even though this place was pretty busy, I felt like the waiter got us our drinks, napkins, etc in a very timely manner. This buffet has quantity and quality! It is definetly worth the wait.  I wanna drive all the way back to vegas just to have this buffet. BEST buffet I have ever been to!
4	The wait was long. But worth it.All you can eat crab legs (too bad they're only snow crabs and not king), an assortment of seafood and seafood platter, and alcohol included! All for $30. Pretty sweet, no?For all you light weight ladies, get their hard cider. I'm very sensitive to the taste (and effects) of alcohol but this one really tastes like juice and not strong at all so you can keep going with it...as you can keep going back for more. My favorite was their paella. Loaded with seafood and the sausage inside was delish. The dessert bar was a dream. So much to choose from. Complete w/ a gelato station!Needless to say, we left in contentment.
5	Went to three buffets this time in Vegas. I would rank them as follow!1. M RESORT BUFFET!2. Feast Buffet at Green Valley Ranch3. Garden Buffet at South Point HotelYes, we were apparently on an off-strip dinning theme this trip. So what made M Resort Buffet the best? THE FOOD. obviously. lol. First thing I noticed while walking in was the bar to the left of the entrance, What?! Beer, cider, Coor's light, and lager on tap?! First time I've seen this at a buffet, I got the cider and it was awesome.Yes they have the standard variety of buffet food, definitely all on par with the more expensive buffets in Vegas, but what pushed it to the top of my Vegas buffet list is definitely the aforementioned drinks bar and then the DESSERT! Honestly I only tried the ice cream and the tiramisu that came in a cup, but they were REALLY good. Yum...Peanut butter and cookies n cream ice cream. I stay away from the Chinese food at every buffet, because quite frankly, none of them are ever good enough to warrant room in my stomach when there's so much other things to eat. I go over, grab my necessary scoop of rice and I'm off on my merry way. If I could pick only one buffet to go to in Vegas on any given trip--which is actually what I prefer, three was WAY too much face stuffing for one trip--THIS WOULD BE IT!
3	What does a vegan say about a vegas buffet? I was there on a sunday night and I had no problems finding things that I could eat. as far as vegan food goes, it is ok. Not good, ok. The 2 standouts were the Baba Ghanoush and the Tabuleh. There was no pita though, which was odd. If there would have been Falafel and pita, I would have been very happy.The beer choices are not great. I should have gone with wine since bad wine is better than PBR, Coors light, or the M pilsner style (not real pilsner) beer that the server knew nothing about. Overall, this is not worth $30 for a vegan to eat here. We had comped meals except for 1 person so it came out to about $8 and we got to go in the express lane too. Without the comped meal and the express line, I would never go here again and be very happy. There are so many great restaurants around, I could pay $30 and get an awesome seated meal elsewhere with more confidence and quality in vegan offerings.
4	This is the only buffet that I know of with unlimited beer and wine.  They have a great selection of food with items such as oxtail soup and stuffed grape leaves. Only drawback that I can think of was the horrific waiting time. It took my party 3 hours to reach the cashier, then another half hour before we were seated (partly cause it was christmas eve dinner and seafood night). For $30 a person, it's definitely a must try.
5	M has awesome buffet !  Wide selection of food, ranging from Italian, Greek, American, Japanese to Chinese with great service, relaxing ambiance and most of all, very affordable!  Kudos and keep it up!
4	Best bang for the buck buffet in Vegas. Imagine a world buffet (like Rio's) with actually good food, unlimited wine/beer (say wah! in Vegas?) and, it's $22-26.95 depending on the day you go. And it was also named beg buffet in Vegas according to magazines... so best take that 10-15 minute drive out there and get some good eats.The buffet wait is always pretty tedious no matter when you go these days since it's getting more and more popular these days with both tourists and locals. Around the holidays the wait gets to around 3 hours and I've actually been rejected from lining up once because it was so full. Now on to the food. The buffet serves a wide variety of foods from standard American fare (fried chicken, prime rib, mashed potatoes), to Asian (pad thai, stewed oxtails, sushi), to European ( pasta, pizza, antipastos). Though some items are passable, most of the things served are decently prepared and cooked properly. The fried chicken is crunchy and hot, the pad thai noodles are cooked to a perfect al dente,  etc. In the end, they have a great selection without sacrificing much quality.The free drinks are awesome here, you can have beer on tap or wine with your meals. They sometimes even have creamed sodas which are pretty good. The beer is decent (most are light ales) and the wine is pretty good (if you can chug down Charles Shaw you wouldn't mind the stuff they serve). The desert bar is also stacked with many dessert pastries and also comes decked out with a full on gelato bar. There's even a coffee machines where they can add Bailey's Irish Cream free of charge to it. The desserts are sweet and all very good, and the gelatos are bold and intense tasting (just like the Wynn buffet). Definitely worth checking out despite the long trek out here and the long waits
5	i would say one of the best buffet in las vegas today. the ambiance is nice and the food selection is very good. it's worth the wait and the $30 per person. get there as early as you can as the line gets crazy long. the servers are very friendly and efficient too.
4	I love love love Studio B buffet. Great selection of food. The first time here for me was about a year ago. After a whole year, their food was still up to standard but somehow you can just feel the quality has gone down a bit... and i only mean a tiny bit. So I am still happy. I will definitely come back for the desserts... and desserts alone.My friend said her oyster was not very fresh though.
5	This buffet wins me over by the quality of food it presents, and the price that it offered ($14.95 during weekday lunch hour, what a steal!)I visited during weekday lunch hour and the line was not very long.  We were seated quickly (~15-20 mins). The dining room itself is very, very grand.  The way they designed makes you feel that you are surrounded by foods, in a good way (Foods were easily accessible, you just need to reach your hand out).  I had enough space between me and my neighbors, which is a nice thought.  There's a real studio on site where they film the show on certain dates.  Service is on the spot.  Our plates were taken out routinely and the drinks were refilled as soon as we finished it.  You can tell the level of service is high here and people do work hard compare to some other buffets on the strip.* Drinks are free (White/Red/Imported Beer) +++ for some alcohol lovers!!The food:  So many to choose from.  Got the standard world cuisine fare.  I tried at least one bite on most of the items,  more on some particular items.  I have to say the foods were all well presented and the taste is in between above-average to excellent for a buffet restaurant. Some of my personal favorites during lunch hours were their fried items (Chicken, Shrimp), steak, italian station, their Ox Tail Soup is phenomenal.  Steak is decent, and I liked their salad and sushi station. Its actually better than some non-Japanese operated Sushi buffet in town!   I also liked the fact they have lots fresh cut fruits so I can get some fibers without cutting /preparing it.Dessert station is another highlight of this buffet.  There are so many to choose from.  Cakes, Fruit Tarts, Mousses, Cookies, Macaroons.. They made it infront of you, and this is the same items that are selling at the M resort cafe at the entrance of the Casino area.  I also LOVE their gelato.  Made from scratch daily, 18 flavors to choose from , plus the toppings of your choice.  I tried most of them , and the only place that have smiliar quality in terms of dessert was Wynn, but they don't have as many varities as Studio B buffet, and you are paying much more $ for it. Feel stuffed? There's also fresh pressed espresso/coffee that's made to order!  Whoever designed/organized this buffet should be awarded for their thoughfulness.  Without this attractive buffet, I think  M resort would lose alot of clients due to their geographic locations (about 10 miles from the strip).Give this place a try! You will be agree with me and other voters (with our pocket money) that this is THE BEST BUFFET of Vegas in 2010!
3	I just went to Studio B for breakfast (my grandfather loves this place and gets lots of comps). For those of you that consume animal products, the breakfast would be great. For those of us who do not, there are some hash browns and fruit, pretty slim pickins.We got there at 10 and got one plate of breakfast and at 10:20 the buffet got swapped to lunch so we had full access to the lunch buffet for the breakfast price. All the lunch items were the same as the dinner I had before. Last time I thought that they were just missing pita, again no pita. What am I supposed to put the hummus on? its weird. The raw tofu dish which is sliced tofu with a shitaki soy sauce is terrible, it is the type of dish that gives tofu a bad name. It is the only thing that stands out as bad, it is in my top 2 worst tofu dishes ever. The person who came up with that dish should be publicly humiliated for that bad idea. I am sure I will be back with the family. Vegetarian items do not change between lunch and dinner.
4	We had planned to do the buffet of buffets while in town, but after talking to staff at the buffets decided not to - not worth it to stand in line for an additional hour just to save a few bucks. Two buffets we have gone to in the past were on the buffet of buffets so skipped those and tried some newer ones. including the one at M. Food at the M buffet was high quality, but not unique. Meats were very good and it was nice they had a barrista at the dessert bar. Recommended. Went for lunch as it rolled into dinner because we were running around in the morning. (although signs are confusing they honored the lunch price at 3:45 PM.)
4	This review is for the Sunday crab brunch where the prices are a little steeper, but the food is delish!  The buffet includes all the fresh crab you can eat (both cold and warm), sushi, carved meats, an omelette bar, and just about everything you can think of including real gelato (the banana gelato is a sort of beige/gray color indicating that it was not doused with the yellow food coloring that others use) among the many dessert options.  It also includes beer and wine.  Yes, all you can drink. Side note: The low table limits and odds here are much better than on the Strip, so you might find some luck here on your drive to or from the Strip.
4	I still consider this place by far the best buffet overall only with a slight lead over Wynn. My 2nd visit was top off with prime cuts of Prime Rib. The freshness of the kabobs and salad. With the sweetness ending of gelato, pastries and various gourmet desserts. The 1 star markdown this time around was the service and consistency of freshness for all their foods. Some salads were fresh while others didn't par up. May have been an off day but I'll still come back here for more.
4	I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, including Bellagio, Wynn, Rio Seafood buffet, Mandalay Bay, etc, and I have to say this is the best new buffet in Vegas. It's almost half the price of Bellagio and Wynn and the food is just as good. The prime rib is amazing, probably one of the best prime rib served at a buffet. The desserts' selection is crazy, and your buffet includes all you can drink wine and beer. Do I really need to say anything else?The only reason this place doesn't have 5 stars is of course the wait. The fact that this place is so good is not a well kept secret. This place is really popular on the weekends and wait can get up to 2+ hours. So it might be a good time to get a player's card at M resort. If you collect enough points you can get VIP passes to the front of the line. On a side note M resort is also a really good place to stay. Rooms are cheap, service is excellent, their spa is amazing (so I hear from a friend), and you might be able to get ahead in line for the buffet.
5	Even though this place is off the strip in M hotel and resort, for a $33 Saturday Dinner - It was all you can eat and all you can drink alcohol! Yes! All you can drink pale ale, cider, and three different wines.  In addition to this, they have a coffee bar where you can get unlimited cappuccinos, espressos, or cafe lattes with any addition of Bailey's!  mMmMmMm!  This is one of the best buffets that I have been to in Vegas!  Amazing!  In terms of food, they have the "World" theme of variety just like the Rio with a touch of Bellagio's and Wynn's classic buffet!  What was exceptional? They had amazing SNOW CRABS - served both warm and cold!  I also recommend their Tri-Tip steak along with their Prime Rib with their special sauce! mMmMm - Thumbs up!  All of this went super well with the bartender's "moscato" concoction of cider and splash of pink zinfandel! Thumbs up! In terms of dessert, I highly recommend their coconut pudding with mango and pineapple sauce topped with raspberry and blueberries! It was so good, I had three of those after my mountains of steak and snow crabs!  It also went well with my cafe lattes!  I also recommend finishing up their draft rootbeer - RootBeer Float style!  You just get the rootbeer from the beer section and take it to the dessert section!  Did I mention that this place had the best service that I ever had at a buffet?  Thumbs up all the way!
4	Solid buffet. Hated the line, but that just means it's worth waiting for. All the food seemed standard for a buffet but it was just a little bit better than "standard." The set up is really spacious and open. Not once did I feel crowded, even during prime dinner time. Take advantage of the all you can drink beer and wine area. Or if you're like me, all you can drink root beer :P. What stands out the most to me is the dessert area. There's a variety of choices in textures besides the annoying cream type of desserts that are in shot glasses. Gelato is bomb. The barista section is cool. Did I say that the gelato is bomb?
3	It is A-ok. The line we stood in was over an hour for lunch but the price of $14.99 per adult was a good deal.However, we didn't see crab legs or prime rib for lunch. Maybe that's only a dinner item?I did like the skirt steak and the steamed clams and mussels. The dessert area was completely filled with deluctable desserts to try. Bad idea having the espresso machine and ice cream scooping station all where the desserts are because that caused a HUGE traffic jam.But, for those who like to drink...there is unlimited beer and wine that you can get from the bar. I really liked it, but was really hoping for even more...I know, I am pretty greedy. I'll have to find out if crab legs are only available at dinner and find time to come back to try that.
5	#1 Buffet in Las Vegas, hands down.Price: $33 post-taxTypes of food: ALL! Asian, American, Italian, and more.Desserts: They have their own baristas making you coffee, gelato with awesome M&M toppings, and more. Absolute best dessert selection.Alcohol: UNLIMITED Beer + Wine. How the hell can you beat that? Most other places don't give you anything.Overall, the food was insanely good. The crab legs were plump and juicy. The service was great, and the food selection was very large.A++++.I am going to the M Casino every time I crave buffet!
5	#1 Buffet in Las Vegas.. but what do I know?I've only been to a couple buffets, but from the locals, I hear that M is the buffet to be and of course I can't really complain. The place is DELICIOUS and unlike any other buffet I've been to. I'm from Chicago and there is not a lot of seafood buffets and if there is one, its PACKED and always running out of crab with huge lines. The M has no lines for crabs because there is so much other food to chose from as well. I can't rave enough about how delicious this place is.They have a little bar with home made beer, cider, and some wines, all part of the buffet price. The best part other than the crab legs at the buffet is their dessert bar. ABSOLUTELY delicious desserts with a gelato station as well with a range of flavors. Again, I can't say in words how delicious this buffet is. If you want to try something new and experience what a buffet SHOULD be like, go to the M buffet.
4	One of the best buffets in the Las Vegas valley, however, one of the most expensive as well.This buffet is fantastic and has a huge selection.  The desert selections during the weekend brunch were great.I had a coupon from the Las Vegas Advisor, buy 1 get 1 free.  Unfortunately, the new owners of the M Resort didn't re-negotiate with LVA for 2011.  This buffet was the sole reason for me to stop here on the way to California down I-15.
5	I'm a Las Vegas local and I've been to over a dozen buffets in town and this one is my favorite. I have to drive 25 miles to get there but it's worth it. Today for brunch there was no wait and the food and service was terriffic. The reviewers who said they no longer have crab legs lied. They have mounds of great tasting crab legs and even had an Asian ginger crab version. All of the seafood was great and there were many vegetarian choices as well. My guess is the tourist reviewers who don't like the M don't know anything about Las Vegas buffets. You cannot go wrong here at the M.
5	I've eaten at a lot of buffets in my travels all across this grand United States, but I opine that the buffet at The M is hands down the best one to date.  I'll tell you why:  I can eat my worth & wait (you read that correctly, not weight; and it's like $33 and a 40 minute wait for brunch or dinner) there.  Why?  So many reasons, but the main one is the snow crab legs.  You can get 'em on ice or steamed, and I go for the latter.  I've never waited in line for them and they never run out which is amazing since God knows people like me are stuffing ourselves like gluttons with them.  Let me attempt to describe the dessert bar.  I didn't actually measure the length of this section of delectable, heaven-on-earth, but I'd estimate it's at least 30 yards in length and it caters to sugar-free dessert eaters as well as the rest of us more irresponsible feeders.  They offer every conceivable kind of pie (I didn't check for rhubbard) and cake you can fathom, plus danishes, cream puffs of multiple flavors, creme brule, cakes so beautiful you *almost* feel guilty to dismantle and eat, truffles and at least 10 flavors of gellato.  Maybe you're more of a after-dinner drinks kind of person.  That's fine, too.  They have a full alcohol bar plus an espresso machine so if you'd like a Bailey's Irish Cream hot coffee, just say so (and show your ID).  What's your palette prefer?--Filipino, Japanese, Korean, Italian, American, others?  Don't worry; the M's got your tongue.  I'm a dangerous kind of buffet diner in that my eyes are often bigger than my stomach and so I have to really try not to waste food.  If you suffer from this same kind of temptation, try to pace yourself and do small portions each trip.  There's so much and it's so beautifully, invitingly laid out that you'll want to try it all.   The environment is busy, but I never feel rushed to get out.  I mean, for crying out loud, I stood in line almost an hour to get seated so I'm going to take my time.  It's not like they're going to run out of food and if they run out of something, you're probably not going to notice since there's so many choices (unless it's the crab legs, and I've yet to experience that).  There's a loudness to the place, but it's not overwhelming, and that's probably partially because of the wide openness of the eating area.  It's well lit, not too crowded for such a popular establishment, and has a chic decor, but the thing you will never forget is the food--options, presentation, and taste.  It's been about a year since I last ate there and I can't forget the food, but the decor is blurry in my recollection.  Forget what the Travel Channel says about the Strip's buffets; they still will pale in comparison to what The M has to offer.  I hear the rooms are nice, too.
4	Great selection of different types of foods! The Seafood bar is phenomenal (offered only on the weekends)! Best dessert selection of all the buffets in Vegas. The creme brulee and chocolate souffle are delicious! Not to mention, they have all you can drink wine and champagne (extra star!). The only downfall is the hour (and then some) wait (minus 1 star). Kinda pricey but definitely worth every penny! Definitely the buffet to visit when in Vegas :)
4	The best buffet in Vegas right now.  And how am I gonna say no to all-you-can-drink beer and wine.  That's a definite plus in my book.  Seafood night on Friday and Saturday is definitely worth it.
5	Voted the best buffet in Vegas, so obviously we had to check it out.We came here the day after Christmas and the place was packed. We waited in line for about two hours before we were able to get in to the buffet. At $32.99, the buffet was definitely worth it! All alcohol is included with the buffet and they make their own wines on site as well as brew their own root beer!Crab legs galore and you will not be disappointed. There is a huge selection of food. Some of the stand outs are definitely the paella, osso bucco and ox tail soup. The selection of desserts is huge, and includes gelato and a coffee bar. The only thing I didn't like was the long wait in line. When we left, the line had actually gotten longer.
4	Really good buffet.  It was very hard for me to control myself and not over-eat.  I failed!  My stomach felt like it was ready to explode.  There was a lot of food that I still wanted to try but I ran out of room in my stomach.
5	By far the Best Buffet in Vegas !!For the price and the quality/quantity of food, this place is well worth it, although it is a bit off the strip but sure makes up for it by serving free beer and wine !  I usually make this my last stop before heading back home on the gruesome 15 hwy back home.  Cost for lunch/brunch was $30 and the wait was about an hour. It was MLK weekend so I was expecting it. Warm crab legs with warm butter sauce ! Yummmm, great assortments of seafood, asian/italian section, salad bar, prime rib, and all the fried foods as well. Dessert bar is also great with all the favorites. And the best part is the beer/wine bar as well. Make sure to make a stop here on your next trip to vegas
5	dear studio B, you da you da best, you da you da best, the best I ever had, best I ever had!
4	I was here for lunch. The line to pay was not that long, but the line to be seated took more than 30 mins. Although the had plenty seating, I guess they did not have enough staff to serve all the people that were trying to eat there. The food was good, and lunch price was not bad compared to other places on the Strip. Yeah, M is far from where all the action is in Vegas, but the price, quality of food, and overall service was great! I will definitely come back  and try the dinner next time if I stop in Vegas !
4	It's about 7 to 8 miles south of the main strip off the 15 fwy @ the M Resort. If you have a ride and some time, I would recommend the short drive. On weekends they offer some seafood options in their buffet. Apparently on this particular weekend that we went, there was a special deal for lunch time: $16 per person (regular price is about $30ish). Score!Don't be fooled by thinking that just because the M Resort is located away from all the strip action that people aren't going to flock to this buffet. I highly advise you to come early or at least be ready to wait. Don't say you weren't warned. We got there around 1 pm and had to wait about a full hour before we got seated. By then, we were all starving and ready to eat everything in sight. I kid you not, there's tons of food here. As I stared at all the selecitons, I couldn't stop thinking about Mike Rowe and that one episode on Dirty Jobs where all the Vegas buffet leftovers are trucked out to the pig farm. The food is fresh, clean, and your options is practically endless. There's everything from some sushi, to random Asian selections, to Mediterranean, as well as steam crab legs and boiled shrimp. They of course have prime rib as well as tri tip and ribs available. There's just too much to list. Not everything is a winner but overall you should find a good number of dishes that will entice your taste buds.Leave room for some dessert. There is an awesome gelato bar accompanied with many other sweet tooth selections.For you big drinkers, there's a hidden open bar with unlimited wine and beer. It is located directly to your left as you enter the buffet. Don't miss out on it if you love to booze. They purposely keep it concealed for a reason.We all literally rolled out of Studio B quite impressed, retardedly full, and ready to blow some gaskets. M Resort did have their last laugh though because as I was trying to digest all that grub in their casino, their tables robbed me for $250. In conclusion, that meal felt like it costed me $266. Doh!
5	I wish there were 8 more stars to give this place because id probably give 10 more after that. That made no sense, just like it doesn't make sense how good this place is. As my friend said, " this place is like fuuuccckken.. fuucccken.. good man.. fuck "I usually judge a meal with friends by how quiet the table gets. The table was dead silent with dumbfounded looks because of  the sheer deliciousness that was on our plates.Prime Rib? BombTri-Tip? BombSushi? MehsOmellete Bar? BombKalbi not from a KBBQ? BombFriend Chicken? BombCrab Legs? BombPot Roast Turkey Leg? BOMBNapa Valley Salad? Bomb  And that was just on my first plate. In the end, going to this buffet has become a staple of any vegas trip. Tell your mother about it. Oh also open wine/beeer bar, thats just not fair.
5	As some of my fellow Yelpers have mentioned, this is one snazzy buffet.  When it came to this review however, I had a long, intense internal debate.  In the scheme of food I have eaten in my life, this buffet certainly is not going to come in win, place or show.  That being said, I felt it only fair to compare it to other buffets and thus my five star ranking.  In many ways if your looking for the best buffet in Vegas when factors like price, setting and options are considered, I might suggest this is #1 in Vegas.I have eaten at Studio B multiple times at all times of the day and have found the food consistent. delicious and with care put into the preparation and presentation.  On weekends, the bounty of seafood that is provided is top notch.  It includes Crab legs (both warm and cold), shrimp and a number of fish options like baked salmon and mahi-mahi.  There are also sushi rolls if you should choose to weigh down your gut with rice.  Meats are rep'd as well and the carving station boasts tri-tip, prime rib, chicken & turkey.  Salad, fruit and other vegetarian options looked and tasted appealing for a carnivore like me....no small feat.  While not a huge desert guy, the pastries and gelato here are fantastic.  Yes you heard me right....gelato!  And not just two flavors either but a full assortment ranging from pistachio to coffee.And then it brings me to my favorite part of the experience............free booze!!!!  For the price of all buffets, draught beer and wine is included.  I know, I know its not fancy beer (Coors Light) or wine but you can drink as much of it as you like.  And believe me when I say after your third glass of beer it really doesn't matter what type of beer is being consumed.Finally, one of the true underrated features of Studio B buffet is the setting.  Arranged in a circular room with the food beginning on the edges and working its way all the way into the middle, this buffet space feels inviting and fun.  Also at the very back is a large panoramic window that overlooks the entire Las Vegas Valley giving great views and a healthy dose of natural light...a rarity in the world of incandescent casinos.Overall Studio B buffet might not knock your socks off but simply by virtue of deciding to patronize a buffet, its clear that culinary excellence is not the most important thing.  In that vein, Studio B is your best choice...much like the 2008 presidential election.
5	I am so incredibly excited to write this review.  Buffets are an integral part of any Las Vegas trip, and after eating at the M Resort Buffet, I have found a new favorite.  This was actually the last meal my cohort and I had before leaving for home on a Sunday afternoon - and I gotta say, it was a blissful way to end the trip.I know this review won't do the place any justice, since there's tons of food that I did not even get to try.  But here's my attempt:I must mention that on this particular lunch excursion, the M was offering the seafood lunch, which is apparently different from the usual lunch menu.  Just something to keep in mind.  OXTAIL soup:  this is one of my favorite dishes of the afternoon.  Tender, tender pieces of oxtail in savory broth.  I wanted to get huge bowlfuls, but I restrained myself so I could have room for more food.  I am still craving that flavor 30 hours later.  I am seriously going to try making this dish at home, in hopes that it will be on par with the M.Beef Panaang: yummy with rice.  I was pleasantly surprised!Poke salad: I love poke, and I love trying different restaurants' versions of it.  This was pretty good, although not the best I've had, but commendable.  Ossobuco: This is the first time I've tried this dish.  It made me happy.  Chicken Florentine: wonderful, creamy flavor - and moist chicken.  Candied Yams:  Another one of my favorite dishes!  I usually skip over this dish at most buffets - but, well done, M, well done.Crabs:  There must have been at least three different type of crab legs.  Some served on ice, warm snowcrab legs, and chinese style ginger crab.  All very good.Raw Oysters: I just love it when a buffet serves raw oysters.  I go to town!There's definitely much, much more in the entree section, but you'll have to check it out for yourself.  Now onto DESSERTS!I usually don't care for desserts much at a buffet.  But it's a whole other story here.  CREME BRULEE!  Wow!  It's just perfectly done.  A nice crispy, caramelized sugar top, and flecks of vanilla bean throughout the body of the creme!  YUM YUM YUM!  They also have a wonderful cheesecake, a pretty wide selection of gelato, and even espresso drinks made to order.  All the desserts were presented beautifully as well.  I've converted to a buffet dessert lover because of this place :)And for all your alcohol-loving yelpers, beer and wine included!!!  There's the win!
5	On our way home, we stopped by M Buffet for Sunday brunch. I think it was $32/lunch.+ginormous variety (seafood on the weekends bump up the price) +crab legs and raw oysters (theyre big and meaty too!)+wine and beer included+sweet potatoes and marshmallows (i love thanksgiving food any time of the year)+friendly staff+dessert bar (take the big plate over and fill it up!) -too many choices...don't know where to start! stomach not big enough to try everything! -no hot chocolate machine that i saw.. :[ +OJ on ice sufficed All I gotta say is "doo it. do it."
4	One of the best buffet, will comeback for the dessert table, oxtail soup, lamb chop.Haven't tried the dinner buffet yet, but I believe it will be great.Don't forget drink as much as root beer as possible there.  Free float.
4	We got pretty lucky! Walked in line and waited for about 1.5 hours to find out it was BOGO for $30! So I only paid $15 for myself~ :) me likey!You can choose from beers, hard cider, Cabernet, Blush and Chardonnay from the bar. They had very good selections of seafood. I was super excited for the oysters, but they were all dry and a bit old, so that was a bummer. Other than that, the crab and seafood, korean kalbi, pastas and meat were all very good!FYI, dessert bar: Order the Cappuccino with a shot of Bailey's! It's heaven!
5	Studio b has the best buffet in vegas! We tried 2 go there the 1st time & the line wuz gonna b a 2 hour wait... We decided 2 try the next day 4 brunch. Hooray, no waiting!!! U gotta get there early. They had the most yummiest, beautiful desserts!!! The food was tasty 2!!! All u can drink beer & wine (not the best) but u cant beat that deal, if u can drink like a fish! Haha!!! This place is a must visit wen u r in vegas.
2	Heard so much about this place so we tried it on a Wednesday evening when we arrived. Saw very little appetizing seafood plus some of the entrees were overheated especially in the Asian section. Had fair amounts of shrimp dishes and clams but no crab. The chicken (fried and roasted were dry and coarse and the assorted sushis were cold and hard from over refrigeration. Was probably was made in NY city? The carved prime rib was what probably saved the evening but never again on an ordinary weekday night. I'm guessing that most of the posters had the Friday night seafood special which apparently cost a lot more than the $23 we were charged. Sorry to report on such a dismal experience. Would have like to give them a higher rating.
5	Where can you go to enjoy a wonderful selection of fresh, tasty, satisfying dishes that you can eat your fill and be sure the quality will be there every time you go? M Resort Buffet. We have been there at least a dozen times now and it has been consistent each time. There are many choices, all unique. Sometimes I have a hard time making it past the salads, there are so many to choose from and so very different than your usual fair at other buffets, I crave the tabouli salad! I love a big plate of steamed crab legs, and I usually start off with such, I love cracking the shells, pulling them apart one section at a time, dipping the meat in the clarified butter. Once I'm satisfied with this plate, I can move on to the many other stations, all just as satisfying. One more must have is the deserts, take a big plate and don't be shy, load it up! The creme brulee is terrific, the warm brownie cup is melt in your mouth good, and the little cups of flavor, like the pistachio raspberry mouse is wonderful. If you enjoy eating, love to try good food, you must stop by the M and try Studio B, believe me, you won't be disappointed.
4	I waited two hours for this buffet but it was ALL worth it! The food was delicious! The crabs and seafood was awesome! It filled me up.  I even had the chance to look around the casino and play a little bit while the rest of my party waited in line.
5	My friends and I really enjoyed this buffet. Went during lunch (around 2pm on a Sat) and it was great. Most of the food was really good and tasty. The crab legs and other seafood were amazing. The usual buffet sushi section was good, nothing too spectacular. I'll usually make it sashimi style. Still really enjoyed it.Many other offerings were great. Loved the buckwheat noodles, ox tail stew, and more. Condiments were well organized. Meat section was good to, we missed the prime rib, but roast beef was still good. Mahi Mahi grilled on the bamboo stalk was ok for me, but my friends liked it. I felt it was a bit overcooked. There's a nice beer and wine bar as well and big dessert offerings w/ gelato! Creme brulee and the dessert shots were oh so good.One of my new favorite buffets in LV. Clean, well lit, the staff is friendly and attentive. They clear plates out faster than the $1 slot machines taking your money. This is well worth the wait in line.*Tip: Get a free M players card and lunch price is 2 for 1 (before 2:30pm). Not sure if it's everyday, but make sure to check that out. We saved some money! :)Random: Joe Jackson (Michael Jackson's father) and a couple of his buddies sat at the table next to ours. Kinda surreal, but hey, it was a celeb. Pretty cool.
4	I'm not a huge fan of buffets in general, but I'm a fan of the new Vegas buffet at the M Resort and Casino. It's easy to see why Studio B won the award for "Best New Buffet" in Vegas for 2010.  It's also the only "all you can drink" buffet in terms of wine and beer. In terms of sheer selection, Studio B has got the Bellagio and Wynn buffets beat.  The dessert bar is pure decadence, with just about every kind of beautifully decorated, delectable dessert you can imagine.  Other highlights: crab legs and prime rib (a staple).  Surprisingly, I was also a big fan of their sweet potato with marshmallows.  Areas for improvement: the oysters did not look fresh (at all), and I wasn't a huge fan of their osso bucco (though it's a dish I normally love).  Additionally, they don't have as many of the "exotic" meat selections as the Bellagio dinner buffet.  For the price, though, Studio B really can't be beat.  If you have access to a car or don't mind venturing farther south of the strip to the M Resort, this should be one of your top Vegas buffet picks.
4	M Resort has a good reputation going for itself, especially when it comes to its buffet. I've heard from a couple of people that M Resort currently has the best buffet in LV, so I decided to give it a shot.My friends and I went on a thursday night, and we didn't wait too long to be seated. I definitely liked the ambiance of the buffet, as it has a plenty of distractions (such as giant lcd screens showing the food channel and what not) other than its food. There is a lot of choices for food. Unlimited crab legs? yes. I've never seen that many crab legs piled up in my life. I tried a lot of the asian food (as i am one), pasta, prime rib, and whole lot more. I wouldn't say food is excellent or anything, but I gotta say most of the things I tried was pretty good. Service was excellent, as our server came around very often to check on our drinks and make sure everything was ok. Plus, they have unlimited wine and beer, you just have to tip the drink lady.Overall, great experience. No five star because they have potential to be better.
5	So i feel strongly enough to actually write my first review for this place. I'm not big on buffets and neither is my girl but we had heard so much that we had to try it out on our way out of Vegas. The resort seemed nice enough. This review is just for the food. First thing first....All you can drink wine and beer. So the wine wasn't the best quality but it was nice and chilled and a major bonus since I wasn't expecting it. The buffet boasted over 200 items to choose from. It was presented very nicely and the overall feel of the place felt very open and spacious. Everything we tried was flavorful and piping hot. Which was a bit of a pleasant surprise. Since it was close to Chinese New Years they had a very large Asian selection. The korean ribs were amazing as well as the orange chicken. I love ginger and they had fresh chopped ginger as a garnish. Who does that? Kudos for all the fresh condiments.We are not much into seafood but saw that everyone else was. Plates and plates of crab legs, oysters and mahi mahi. There was shrimp cooked in multiple ways and all kinds of sauces to dip into. Asian, Italian, American and everything in between there was something for everyone. And the dessert spread was amazingly good. They have over 25 flavors of gelatto and you can also have a latte or mocha made fresh! They had some pistachio raspberry concoction that was just way too good to pass up.  The only  negative was the wait..... but it is well worth it. We waited for about 45 minutes and there was only 4 couples ahead of us. So patience is key.
4	I have to say that this is one of the better buffet that I gone too.  But there are some things that I wasn't liking.  Located inside the newly built M Resort, Studio B Buffet has a very nice structure for their entrance way.  It seems like that they took the time to figure out the set up and how its going to look, once people stands in line.  Even though, it was kind of busy when we got there, at least they got something for us to read, or to look at.  Mainly something to keep us entertained while waiting in line to get a table.  The line was moving quickly, since they had two cashiers to check you in.  Quickly after, they had some one escort us to our table.The setting was very nice, it look like a big "C".  It is very spacious and roomy.  Enough space to move around, and not hit other tables.  But, the buffet line itself, I didn't like the fact that its all on one line.  I like buffet, where you can move around the island and pick something else, when your waiting for another item to be open.  But the fact of people jumping in front of you and you don't want to jump in front of others, seems a bit awkward in a way.  The selection of the food, is AMAZING.  They have something that I'm sure everyone would love.  Especially a buffet with Sushi, I would eat that all day if  could.  But, going there at a point where its really busy, the food tend to be slim pickings when your up there.  Since everyone is jumping to get what they want, by the time you get to a certain food, some one already grabbed it before you did.  So the cooks were kind of slow to bring out the food.  On the other hand, it was kind of expected, since it was during busy hours.  The staff, I believe, was absolutely awesome.  From the point of checking with the cashier, to being escorted to our tables, to the waitress who made sure our glass was never empty.  It was very warming that these staff will still smile and say thank you, despite how busy it was.  I would recommend this Buffet, if you don't mind people jumping in front of you to pick at food.  But the taste overall was great, the selection was awesome, and the staff was very friendly.  Overall, I would highly recommend this Buffet Style.
4	This Buffet is AMAZING. Do you like the Rio Carnival Buffet? Because that buffet is CRAP compared to this one!! They have everything from seafood, sushi, prime rib, pastas, pizzas, and desserts galore!! I went on the day they had the seafood buffet and I like shrimp, but unfortunately am not a big fan of crab legs and stuff, but it looked pretty yummy! Their dessert bar is to DIE for!! I think I tried at least half of the desserts and two little scoops of ice cream! They even have a little coffee/ espresso machine thing and you can order drinks for after your food. And speaking of drinks, they also have a DRINK bar, yes, those kinds of drinks. Beer, wine, I'm not too sure about the particular brands, but there was always a long line there when I passed by so it must be good!
5	All i have to say is WOW.  This is, hands down, the BEST buffet in Vegas.  Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, Rio's seafood buffet do not even compare to this.  Another added bonus is the price!  Only $29.99 and all you can eat WARM crab legs with butter.  They have cold crab legs as well, but I prefer the warm ones.  The crab meat was juicy, but not salty.Other highlights from the buffet that were my faves: Candied yams w/ marshmallows, Prime rib, Japanese cold tofu salad, shrimp cocktail, and these french-fries/tater-tot things by the crab station. Desserts:  Pretty much every dessert I grabbed was delicious. I've never had better dessert at any of the other buffets.  The gelatto was good, but I found the miniature desserts much better:  creme brulee, pistaccio creme thing in a shotglass, tiramisu.  My fave: Oreo cream pudding in shotglass (so rich & chocolately). Only downside:  VERY long wait time...but once you're in, it'll be all worth it
3	In comparison to other nice vegas buffets, 3 stars. Going off the strip I expected either 1) Different buffet food 2) Good buffet food for less expensive or 3) Good buffet food with no line. And I got none of those things.  It was good food, don't get me wrong - good quality, delicious buffet. However, it was nothing different about M buffet than Bellagio or Venetian. Waited in line for about an hour or so only to realize that Sunday was also counted as the weekend (I know, duh) and therefore, had to pay the full 30 dollars for the seafood buffet brunch. I was REALLY expecting M to be amazing with all the raves from my friends but it was just...normal vegas buffet. I did, however, like the extent of their asian section! Overall, if I were driving to or from Vegas and wanted a nice, good buffet - I would go to M buffet but ONLY if it were on the way to something. I would not deliberately go out of my way to drive off the strip to eat here since I could get the same thing across the street or at the hotel I'm staying at on the strip.
4	The breakdown/highlights:-Snow crab legs aren't on ice, different. But I love crab legs, and they're bomb.-Oysters. unlimited. With a variety of garnishes. AYCE OYSTERS!!!!-Lots of other shell fish available.-Sushi was sub-par, but typical. At least they serve sashimi, which isn't always present at other buffets-Roasted mahi mahi on their cutting board. Never seen fish on a cutting board, but this one is good!-Decent BBQ short ribs and clam chowder-Unlimited beer/wine, no champagne-They play Worst Cook in America here on the big screen-Good salads (who eats salads at a Vegas buffet...laying the bedding for the food.)-Interesting dessert selection-No one was manning the coffee station :(I waited over 1.5 hours for this buffet, and apparently from other yelp reviews, that wasn't too bad.The people who eat here seem really into other people's business. Don't laugh at my enormous plate of crab legs. Seriously, let me eat in peace.This place is great. For under $30 a person, with all that they offer, this is the best bang for your buck. The hotel is beautiful and the buffet is no exception. If the opportunity arises and the wait isn't too bad, I would definitely come back here again. Love Studio B Buffet, but not the best in Las Vegas.
5	A group of us came here for dinner last night at the suggestion of my friend. What a great dinner for my last night in Vegas before heading back to L.A. Dinner buffet was $30. Ok, this is the first buffet I've been to where it's all you can drink wine and beer. That's right you lushes, you can eat, drink and be merry all you want. Ok, maybe tone it down on the merry part if you don't want to get kicked out. This place had a HUGE buffet. Italian, Japanese, Hawaiian, Thai, BBQ... etc. And the dessert bar was amazing. Creme brulee? HELL YEAH!!! A gelato bar too. The list of food goes on and on. I didn't even get to part of the buffet because I ate too much. The restaurant is very elegant looking for a bufftet. Expect to wait in line for a while because I did. If you got a noisy kid, there's a sign that tells you to take that kid out and kick their ass. Ok maybe not in those words but you get the idea. This is the best buffet that I've been to in Vegas. The only thing that I have a gripe about is the service. It took a while for the waiters to come by to pick up the dirty dishes.
4	I am not a fan of buffets...Strangely, even though the draw to a buffet is the variety of food I think all the food ends up tasting the same!!!! However, I have found two buffets that  I love = Todai Buffet at Planet Hollywood c'mon they offer "Fresh Crepes with Mango Ice Cream!!!!" and  Studio B Buffet. Not only does it look hellah cool inside with it's large T.V. screens and circular shape, it also always feels clean- a real plus for me. The food is tasty for the most part. I do not enjoy the sushi part though, buffets just can't seem to get this part working except for Todai. I really enjoyed the Chinese Barbecue Pork,Teriyaki Chicken,Pizza, Tempura Mushrooms and they have Daikon Yay!!!! The BF enjoys the Tuna Poke with the unlimited beer...The desserts are yummers like the bananas foster crepes,cream puffs,cookies,gelato, ect... Good selection for your sweet tooth!!!Now, I haven't tried every single buffet in Vegas but Boy, have I tried alot and now I have come to the realization that there are good buffets in Vegas!!!
4	Tried to go here on a Saturday night and with the wait being 2 hours we decided to wait for another day when we wouldn't have to manage the crowds.  Went back on a Monday holiday, wait was 20 minutes at most.So glad we took the time to go back.Prime rib was a little salty but tender just how I like it.So many delicious dishes. soups, salads,and unlimited wine & beer.
4	HOLY MOLY THE CATS OUTTA THE BAG!!!Word is out that this buffet is the shiznit because the line for this place is BANANAS!  Last time it was a wait too but right now the lines are zig zagging in between the slots! Studio B is bomb but I recommend going EARLY to avoid the wait =(
5	For the price, amazing!Great food. Loved the steamed crab, oysters, free unlimited beer and wine, desserts, prime rib, korean bbq. Would rather go here than some buffets on the strip
4	Some girlfriends and I came here for a late 'lunch' on Saturday cuz one of them swears that this buffet is THE best in Vegas. We arrived at 3pm and the line was long. I didn't realize so many people decided to also eat at 3pm?! We ended up waiting TWO hours in line. It was absurd. I already had a bad impression of this joint. At least it was dinnertime by now..However, once we were seated, everything made up for the long wait. The steamed crab legs were SOOO good. I like my cholesterol sky-rocketed that night. The six of us were devouring food like we hadn't eaten in days. Everyone was so quiet cuz we were busy stuffing our faces. The service was EXCELLENT! Our waitress, Choy, was a sweetheart! She was so attentive. I mean, it's a buffet after all. I was shocked. She got us everything we asked for AND with a smile. From oysters to prime rib, and their ginormous dessert selections plus espresso bar, this buffet was da bomb. Price was $29.99/pp and it includes beer & wine. Maybe that's why this place is so packed. Note to the ladies: make sure to wear a dress, leggings/jeggings or yoga pants so you can pack more food in =)
5	Studio B, you're not on the strip, but man, you're worth the drive, the wait, and every penny. It has been way too long since I have seen you. Too long since I've gorged on your plethora of desserts, meats, seafood, and wine. I miss you.
4	This place is pretty good. Honestly, their beef wasn't that great, but that is why they lose 1 star from me.Overall they had a lot of good stuff and their bar was great. free drinks as long as you are dining.Im there every time i go to Vegas... which is almost every month lol
5	Best buffet in Vegas!  Free beer and wine with purchase! The only con, is the long line.
5	Best buffet in Las Vegas!! Unlimited Beer or wine with your meal!! =) A word of advice, go early the line gets crazy long. A wide variety of food with any cuisine you can imagine. Lotsa variety of meat and veggies. The dessert was crazy good. Espresso gelato..MmMmMm. A must visit in Vegas!! Wait staff very attentive too.
1	WarningInaccessible and infuriating.What began as a 1hr-2hr wait turned into bouncers telling people that they were at full capacity or that the line was a 3+ hour wait. This happened THREE times in the past 5 days I was trying to grab a meal there.Here's where it became a sh*tshow. The M resort offers a lot of complimentary deals now to gamblers now. Why you ask? To make their gamblers stay at the hotel longer, therefore raking in more revenue. Smart ass business plan they got there, they even have the weekdays covered with special deals such as "Senior Wednesdays" (a horror fest with all 60+ seniors filling the entire casino to the brim with walkers and wheel chairs). The M resort definitely cares more about making their gamblers stay; they hand out comped meals like candy therefore making the VIP line EXTREMELY long on top of the EXTREMELY long waiting lines thus translating to absolutely absurd waiting times.Another point observed in my 5+ visits there (which all ended up driving back on the strip since it was packed to the brim), apparently they also offer meal passes (all day any day) to locals, so forget about going on weekends when the entire city of LV is trying to grab a good deal.The M resort has made their star buffet too accessible to the masses. Just a warning to people who don't want to wait 3+ hours for a 20 dollar buffet. Are you seriously going to waste hours of your time just to save a few dollars on a buffet? Spend the extra 10 and go on to Bellagio and the Wynn, their lines move way faster now (waited 30 or less minutes for both of them on a WEEKEND during dinner rush).  Or wait a few years until the old folks that flood the lines to croak from too much crab legs and beef fat.
4	What's left to be said that hasn't been said already?  This buffet was the first that we went to in Vegas and it didn't disappoint.  It was affordable, compared to the other buffet prices, albeit a bit far from the Strip.  The atmosphere was just right - a mix of business, tourist, and locals with all age groups seeming to be present.  No one should feel out of place here.  Service was fast, as the line at the time was virtually non-existent.  The food was very good, as well.  We'll definitely be back to this one.
5	This Buffet is amazing and well hidden far from the strip of Vegas.  This is the reason why I workout so that I can pig out once in a while.  Where better than Studio B buffet located in M's hotel miles south of the strip of the 15.  The line can sometimes be a nuisance that can lead to a very long wait so I advice to come early or on the weekdays if your a local.  Hopefully you have an M's players card because its 2 for 1 price if you do.Now to the best part, the food! Snow crab legs, shrimp, roast beef, deserts, I'll even add the veggies and fruits! Everything here is pretty good well except for one thing, their roast chicken.  I like the seafood menu the most and you can never have too many oysters.  I stuff myself until I literary get sick because it's so hard to stop when you're here.
4	Amazing dessertsOverall, Food was pretty good - seafood was not  fresh
4	From what I remember, this place was all you can drink (beer and wine) in addition to the all you can eat. I like this place a lot. I wish I had more to write here, but I just don't remember. Another visit is due.
5	You know how when you have a favorite (fill in the blank) restaurant, that's pretty much your benchmark when trying to decide whether or not to try new eateries similar in nature?  Or is it just me?  Anyway, my favorite buffet for years has been the Bellagio Buffet.  Probably what made it the best was the awesome selection and the king crab legs that they served.  The last time I went there though, they didn't have king crab legs so then I really had no real strong desire to HAVE to go back there.  I mean, let's be honest.  A buffet is a buffet is a buffet.  Right?  WRONG!Studio B in the M Resort has ousted the title of best buffet in Vegas, in my book.  *erasing Bellagio and writing in Studio B*  First of all, the selection.  Once you enter the dining area after the line for the ends after over an hour long wait, you'll see that it looks like a maze.  But I thought to myself, "Ah, it's probably another one of those buffets that have duplicate dishes on either side, to make the line more efficient, right?  WRONG!Every single plate, nook, cranny of that line has a different dish.  I think what I like best about this buffet is that there's a lot of Asian themed dishes here, reminiscent of dishes that you can find in Hawaii.  Yes, I'm Asian.  (You just looked at my profile picture again just to make sure I wasn't lying, didn't you?) And yes, I'm from Hawaii.  So when there's something on the buffet line in a resort NOT located in The California Hotel or in the Main Street Station Hotel and Casino, it's actually pretty impressive.  Kal bi?  Teriyaki steak?  Wow.  If I lived in Vegas, this would definitely be a place that I would come to so I could get  my local food fix.  They also have crab legs!  OK, so it's not king crab legs.  But it was still delicious!  So what's the worst part of a buffet?  Having to pay for drinks when you already paid a lot for the food, right?  WRONG!  They even give you unlimited wine and beer here!  When I went, I didn't have any since I don't like to drink when I'm trying to binge eat and pretend I'm not going to eat again for a week.  But next time I go, I'm definitely going to get some alcohol to consume with my meal.What's the second worst part of a buffet?  Poor service, right?  WRONG!  The service here was great.  Our server ensured our iced teas were always refilled and we had all the napkins or whatever else we needed at hand.  If you come to Vegas, make sure you come here.  And try to come on a weekend so you get the FULL (seafood) buffet.  Don't walk...RUN!  It'll bump you up ahead of at least a few people in line, guaranteed!
5	The most delcious buffet in Henderson, NV.  At the M Hotel.  CRAB LEGS UNLIMITED!
5	My FAVORITE BUFFET IN VEGAS.  Yes, it's a drive (10 miles off the strip) but it's totally worth it.  The M hotel is amazing and the buffet definitely beats the ones on the strip.  The seafood buffet is totally worth it, cause they have CRAB LEGS.  Dungess crab legs.  both hot and cold.  and they have oysters on the half shell.  amazing.They also have unlimited beer and wine, but I tend to stick to the food not wanting to waste the precious food space on alcohol.  The desserts are also amazing too.  They have many different choices, including amazing macaroons, as well as the 20 different flavors of ice cream and gelato.  AND they have a coffee bar as well.This place is huge as well and has a huge selection of food.  So much that my bf came back to the table and i looked at his plate and said "you ran out of room halfway, didn't you?" and he nodded sheepishly.  Don't worry, I ran out of room halfway too.
2	Decor is nice, modern with clean lines. Service was great. Everyone greeted us with a smile. I heard one of the employees say there was a new Chef so that may be the reason I didn't enjoy it too much. How the heck this got 4.5 star is beyond me. I felt we were misled, it said Seafood Brunch for $30, there wasn't much seafood. Although, there's more selection of other things, I just felt the quality in most of there dishes were C+. The taste just wasn't there. I tried a little of everything: snow crabs, pork ribs, fried shrimp, mash potato, kalua pig and cabbage, orange chicken, pad thai, salmon/ahi salad, macadamia nut french toast, eggplant parmasian, stuffed grape leaves, flan, chocolate cake, creme brulee, etc. Nothing was of execptional restaurant quality. Even the cake was dry, stale and it was just 9:30 AM. Will, I go back? NO, not for $75 (Sunday Brunch $30pp, tax &tip).
3	This place has been so highly reviewed in the past that I felt the need to round down, rather than up, in order to counter-balance the overtly high praise. Indeed; Unlimited beer, wine, espresso and dessert are all pretty awesome!However, the food itself was mainly just mediocre after our wait. The line moved at a decent clip for having only two cashiers available and once we were inside we were quickly seated. The first round proved to me two things;1) Lots of salads were available, which was kind of nice as it showed an appreciation of fresh vegetables and salads that is often skipped at buffets2) Lots of carby, simply options as de rigeur at most buffets (mashed potatoes, breads, rice, pastas, etc)I loaded up with a slice of galbi (overly sweet and tasted of sugar, though it had a pleasant charcoal-like flavor), several cold shrimp, a slice of salmon nigiri (shrivelled and dry salmon, skipped the rice), several oyster (mostly mushy and full of ice chunks) and a spring roll (crisp but pretty average)  and a bowl of clam chowder (good, with lots of chunks of seafood but not comparable to the clam chowder at an oyster bar in florida...).  My boyfriend and our friend grabbed a piece of rib eye, then saw that there were much better rare slices out and went for those instead. The first slices they grabbed were over cooked and dry, probably having sat under the heat lamp for too long. The fresher slices had more flavor and were finished quickly. We also tried some of their crab legs, which were tasty but were skinny with little meat.They added fresh oysters to the buffet and those were a bit better, though I had to wait for them to thaw out before I could eat them.The dessert area was pretty nice; they have a wide selection of gelato flavors available as well as many mini desserts, cannolis (tasty) ,  creme brulees (delicious!), fruit tarts (good), cappuccinos (nice, and they come with a free shot of flavoring) and many other goodies. Definitely one of the highlights of the buffet!The selection changes each night and the customer service is decent given how busy they are. We accidentally spilled a water and it was never replaced, nor did we ever receive additional napkins. Just minor things, but when you're sampling several different types of dishes it's nice to be able to clean your hands or palate.. I'd be willing to go back and see if it's worth a higher rating eventually, but it's a bit expensive for a buffet. If I'm going to go out for a seafood buffet I'll probably go to an AYCE sushi place first.It's a pretty good selection and it's another option for a seafood buffet
3	Today was a $30 seafood lunch buffet that wasn't worth the doubled price of a normal lunch buffet $14.  There are so many good regular items in the buffet, the seafood they did put into the buffet didn't seem worth the extra $16 over the normal $14 Lunch.  The crab legs were sweet and flavorful, but if you don't eat a ton of them, you're not going to get your $16 worth.  The carving stations and desserts are very good.  So, 3 stars for the seafood buffet.
4	I'd heard great things about this buffet; people claiming that it's the best buffet in Vegas. Although my first experience was after a liver crushing weekend in Vegas, I'd have to agree but with reservations.We came on a Sunday around 4 o'clock. The line was moderately long at this point, we waited for around 30 minutes to finally get in. Price was pretty standard buffet fare at $30 something dollars. The buffet has an odd configuration, you really won't know where to start. There is a nice selection of food, definitely better than any other Vegas buffet. You can even get your drank on at the bar.Notice how I'm pretty vague about the food? Well, to me, it's still buffet food. I'm not wild on buffet food. The crab legs aren't cut in half like they are at Wynn's either. I'd go go there for the sheer convenience of their crab legs. If you don't like buffet food, the M buffet probably won't magically change your stance on the subject. Come here because it offers more than other places usually do. Make sure you come during the beginning or middle of your trip though. You should have full use of your taste buds when you come here.
5	This buffet may be a bit out of the way but it's so worth it! My husband and I came here a little over a week ago after I picked him up at the airport. They have lots of different food choices even on Seafood day (Sunday). I was glad because after standing in a long line I wanted my husband to find something he could eat. The Prime Rib was nice and tender. I was able to cut it with a fork. The shrimp was crispy and the sides were good. I was already eating dessert ...they have crepes ...a big plus for me! When I received a notification on my Facebook post .... ( I posted that I was eating at Studio B) ..."Try the Apple Cider Wine" . I was so full but I had to try it! I'm sorry I didn't get that post earlier because I would have loved to drink that through out the meal. It tasted like dessert . I will definitely be back !
3	meh, should've saved myself for the dessert. everything else was lackluster in comparison.
4	Most important note: GO EARLY. If you don't, you will wait in line forever. And, if you go an hour or two before closing, food will be taken away even though you're inside =(Atmosphere: Fairly new and pretty spacious. Nothing too fancy, but it does look nice. You can start from anywhere within the buffet - there's no clear path.Food: They have a variety of pretty much all types of food. The crab legs are fresh and pre-cracked and opened for you, which is awesome. The meats were pretty satisfying. Everything else (desserts included) was average - nothing too memorable, but definitely of better quality for a buffet. Unlimited wine and beer (select flavors)? I'll drink to that!Service: During peak hours, the wait can be about an hour long. The people working behind the buffet areas were friendly.Price: $30 for Seafood Dinner on Weekends (also during seafood brunch), $22 for dinner on regular days, $15 for lunch on weekdays, and breakfast is $10. prices vary for kids. Only setback is it's far from the strip, and it is one of the pricier buffets. Overall: It's a pretty impressive buffet. I'd go again.
4	far far away from the strip, you wouldn't expect to find a quality hotel/resort/casino buffet...but that is exactly what you get at studio b.  i don't know if i'll go as far as to say that it can top an excursion to the wynn, but with half the wait time, it's well worth it.having once been a connoisseur of the vegas buffets, i appreciate the value of a well designed layout and variety of cuisine to choose from.  at the end of the day, every buffet will serve the same types of food...carving station, salads, sushi, americanized asian/italian/random country with a distinct palate, soups, an occasional seafood feast and dessert.  so it's fair to say that it's difficult to stand out in the buffet world of las vegas.but that being said, studio b is successful in attracting a loyal crowd of diners and visitors.  it also doesn't hurt that m resort played host to top chef las vegas.
5	$33 for AYCE everything + wine/beer & gelato bar?YES!I've eaten at Bellagio & Wynn and if you are on a budget, this place is DEFINITELY for you. It is comparable to both (although Bellagio is a bit better but I can't justify spending $20 more), if not better.The line starts early and can sometimes stand still, but be patient, it's worth it.
5	friday lunch ended at 2:30pm, and i kid you not, our car sped from barstow to vegas (henderson if you want to be technical), and my friends and i ran (in our heels) (.....okay just me in heels) from the entrance of the M resort to the buffet and got to the cashier at .................... 2:27pm!!! yes!! we had JUST made it in time for the lunch special for $14.99!first of all, the layout of this place is insane! curvy curvy, dessert station off to the side, all the main entree dishes in a grand loop that stuck itself in the middle of the dining area.i skipped past all the asian hot plates; being from the san gabriel valley, i'm pretty sure i've had better chow mein and sushi than what they were serving. boy oh boy did i attack everything else! mainly the carving station. although, i was reluctant to go back for seconds because the man carving my prime rib had asked me to move to vegas permanently and marry him. i guess it's a sin city thing. bright side: he gave me two thick slices of that yum cow flank!not being a sweet tooth myself, i skipped all that dessert stuff. but i'm with my friend that HAD tried their desserts, and when asked if it was bombskies, her eyes went wide and nodded. i'm thinking, goot thing!they also serve wine and beer and lattes and soda and dumpling sauce (um yes, we take shots of dumpling sauce. don't hate).the two things that coerced me to give studio B 5 stars instead of 4? the super cheap friday lunch and their super thick cottony napkins :)
5	Just came back from Vegas, and I have to say that it was an awesome weekend.  So me and a couple of buddies decide to roll to Vegas for my buddy's birthday.  Normally when I go to Vegas I make it a point to go to Hash House A Go-Go because I love their food.  Well, looks like there's a new candidate for my favorite spot to eat at when in Vegas.The M Resort is off the strip, but regardless of that fact, it's a beautiful hotel.  It's nice, clean, doesn't smell too much like smoke (a plus if you've ever been in a Vegas casino), and best of all....the famous M Buffet, or Studio B Buffet!  I've heard about this place before from a lot of friends, so I pretty much knew that it'd be good food, but it wasn't until I was in the line grabbing my food that the awesomeness started settling in.The first thing that caught my eye was the seafood.  I'm asian so I love crab legs, oysters, and muscles.  Needless to say that was the first thing that I grabbed.  They also had so much meat!  Beef, chicken, pork, fish, etc.  If it wasn't extinct, then it was probably being served...haha!  Salads, ehh...not much of a salad person, but hey they had your typical salads, pasta salads, fruit salads, etc.  Pastries were awesome, as well as your regular kids foods like pizza, fries, chicken wings, etc.  I still get those!  The best part is....all you can DRINK beer and wine.  Yup, that's right!  Beer and wine is included in the price.  The desserts were really good too.  Everything I tried was just really good.  The gelato was pretty awesome too.  I thought I saw red velvet gelato and I almost cried tears of joy, but it turned out to be strawberry...I cried a little in the inside though...haha.  All in all, food galore!This place exceeded my highest expectations.  I was a bit skeptical thinking that no buffet was worth $30, when I could just go to other buffets that are like $15.  I was definitely proven wrong.  I paid $30 for a buffet that was worth every single cent.  This is a place that I'm definitely going to go to everytime I'm in Vegas.  So check it out for yourself.  It's not that far of a drive from the strip.  It's a beautiful, classy hotel with some bomb food.  Last bit of advice, go there hungry, and I mean like Calista Flockhart type hungry cause you'll definitely want your money's worth.
4	What can be said that hasn't been in over 500 reviews?!?!?Get in line before 6pm.  The line is longer than some nights at Tao.  I try to get there at seniors dinner time which is like 4pm..5 at the very latest.  Don't even bother after 7.Why not have a few beers/glasses of wine before even eating?  Hey..you waited long enough in that goddamn line.  Might as well take your time and enjoy it.  It surprises me that I've never seen anyone inebriated beyond comprehension....ASIDE from my wife's friend who downed about 18 glasses of wine and actually had to be assisted back to our booth by a server since she was lost and couldn't walk in a straight line.  We actually had to carry her out of the M.  Miiiiiildly embarrassing.  3rd best daily buffet in town.  Bellagio and Wynn are still better.
4	The M Resort is surprisingly a beautiful hotel and houses one of the best buffet places I've ever been to anywhere.  Come early, come hungry.  Once you get through the line and you're in it's all downhill from there.  Save room for dessert though because it's good.
5	pleasantly surprised!pros:- food! i was pretty amazed at the selection and quality. almost everything i had was really tasty! the prime rib was PERFECT! food ranged from tasty salads to hot american foods, to flavorful and spicy asian food (their green curry and pad thai was actually pretty amazing). whatever youre in the mood for, studio B has it... somewhere... if you can find it... - free beer/wine! okay, so its not the best beer/wine selection in the world, but its FREE and its actually pretty drinkable! i didnt mind drinking the cab, and the zin was sweet and tasty too. - price was $30/person, which i think is great considering free wine! cons:- not on the strip! ... i would only suggest stopping by here on your way into vegas or on your way out. its about a 15 min drive to the strip. - the wait. we got there around 5 and waited in line about an hour. i really felt bad for everyone who came later cause the line got even longerwould i come here again? YES i think studio B is my new buffet!
5	I have been here on many occasions. There is a huge selection of food. The quality of food is great! However, lines can get very long. I would recommend going there when it opens. Also, be aware, people might be already lining up. So, do expect to wait in line for this buffet. I still cannot get over the dessert selections. Everything is very tasty!
3	We arrived around 12:30PM and it took me just over an hour in line before I reached the cashier.  After being shown to a table, I headed for the free wine and just as I was returning to the table I bumped into former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson.  Fortunately for him, I had drinks in both hand or else I would have given him a good trouncing.  This buffet remains one of the better ones, but IMHO it has slipped in quality since our last visit.  I managed to fill up a wide variety of salads, side dishes, a pair of fried shrimp, cioppino, cappuccino and a dozen (a slight exaggeration) desserts.
5	The trade-off of being far away from the strip (which may be a positive to many) is that you get the best buffet in Vegas for cheap. For $15, you get a huge variety of types of food, free wine/beer, fresh coffee/dessert. And if you can win a few bucks at the tables before you go in, the meal is basically on the house.
4	I like buffets.  I try to eat right for the most part so a buffet has become a much rarer thing for me but I still like them quite a bit.  I really do think this is the best out of the nine or so that I have tried in Las Vegas.  I think the best time to go would be on a Saturday and Sunday for brunch.  They have pretty great breakfast food, an omelet station, and as I'm sure others have mentioned, complimentary alcohol.  I really do think the food has a good quality to it, unlike many other buffets.  I like the idea of the pre-made salads rather than a salad bar.  The desserts are pretty spectacular for a buffet and there is a wide variety of them to choose from.  My wife is a big, big fan of the Bananas Foster/Crepe dessert and so am I.  They have raised their prices since I first went when they opened and the last two times they didn't even allow us to use our players card for $2 off.  Other than that, it's well worth it and this is the only buffet I go to.
5	Proof once again that the best deals to be had are off the Strip (or more accurately, on it heading out of town.)  Studio B is located in the contemporary and stylish M Resort & Casino.  Super high quality food that is almost half the price of the Bellagio or Wynn buffets.  The price of admission also includes unlimited beer and wine (granted one of the beers is PBR.)  Some buffets will feature multiple lines or rows which offer the same food...a mirror effect per say.  This creates an illusion of the buffet having a lot of choices when in reality, they have a lot of the same items in different locations.  They are simply trying to move people through faster.  Not the case at Studio B.  The single snaking line of food actually works well in moving the flow without jams which surprises me and you will not get any items repeating themselves on your journey. Don't forget about the desserts which are located away from the main buffet line and the beer & wine station that's by the entrance.  One of the top 3 buffets in town and it's the least expensive of the bunch!
4	Great second time around but on a weekday, no crabs but still great shrimps, muscles, cheese bread, cheese tortilini w/ ham, breaded pork, kalbi beef, ok ribs, whack mac n cheese n ham. Still great value and excellent desserts.
4	The food is great and probably my second favorite buffet in town and best bang for the buck with unlimited beer and wine. Expect long lines though, my only complaint is the corral you wait after you paid. It is extremely unorganized with 3 ways to enter; Small group, large group and comp group. The hostesses had no control how long people were waiting. I was with a group of 4 that was put into small group but kept getting pushed back. However the large group line kept going ahead of us for almost 20 minutes. Really frustrating when you have already waited in line for an hour and half. Plus the wait staff closed all the seats by the window by just stacking dirty plates there.
4	To celebrate my bf's birthday today, we had dinner at Studio B Buffet.  It was $29.99/adult & $22.99/children 5-8, with all you can drink wine & beer.  We had 3 adults and 1 child in our party.  We had a line pass so the wait was about 10 minutes.  Crab legs seem to be the star of the show as many people around us had mounds and mounds of crab legs on their plates.  My bf enjoyed the mahi mahi and prime rib.  I had crab legs which were pretty good.  We shared some oysters which didn't look too appetizing, but the taste was decent.  i enjoyed the salmon-ahi salad and sushi, which was surprising since I usually don't enjoy buffet sushi.  Sadly, when I went back for more salad, it was empty.  I waited for a few minutes but nothing was brought out.  I enjoyed the watermelon on my first round, but when they brought more out, it wasn't as sweet.  I'm usually not a dessert person, but I did enjoy the chocolate souffle, flan, creme brulee and pudding.  My 8 yr old enjoyed his gelato, although paying $22.99 for 2 slices of pizza, 4 slices of watermelon, some salad, 2 fortune cookies and gelato is definitely a rip-off.  I think they should lower the buffet prices for children as I know most don't eat $22.99 worth of food, and do not drink wine or beer.  But overall, it was an enjoyable meal.
5	If you look up BUFFET in the dictionary... you would most definitely see the words: STUDIO B BUFFET @the M Resort!!!Seriously! There's is just toooo much food! It's literally a WORLD in ITSELF!!! Their only downfall would seriously be that there's too much food... too much the stomach probably couldn't fit everything in... not even a single bite of everything!But if you're a fan of buffets... don't wait.... GO! GO NOW!
5	The treasure south of the strip.  I came here with my friends on a trip to Vegas hearing nothing but praise for Studio B, and it being heralded as the best buffet in Vegas.  My goodness, it is definitely worth the 15 minute drive south on I-15 to find out just how well Studio B lives up to its acclaims!The seating area is very well lit and quite accommodating.  Food is served along the walls and a peninsula juts out and sort of divides the seating area.  Quite honestly, this peninsula is where all the good stuff is.  Crab legs served both hot and cold, prime rib, shrimp for days, bacon wrapped prawns.  I basically lived at this peninsula.  They also offer a wide assortment of foods typical of most Vegas buffets, Asian cuisine featuring Chinese, Japanese, and some Korean and Thai dishes.  Of course there are the Western/European dishes as well.  But really the selling point for me is the quality of their seafood and prime rib.  The crab and shrimp taste so fresh and meat is tender and juicy.  I'm pretty sure I had 3-4 plates of just crab legs, shrimp, and prime rib.There is a dessert bar on the wall closest to the entrance with a wide variety of decadent treats from macarons to cakes, pies, ant chocolate bites, culminating with a gelato bar.  Everything we tried was good, but I personally didn't have too many as I was till on my protein when everyone else had moved onto desserts!It can be hard to convince a group (or even just one or two other people) to take a ride 10 miles south of the strip for a buffet with so many great options available on the strip itself, but I maintain that the Studio M buffet is the best buffet in Vegas and is totally worth the trip.
5	Best buffet by far!Salads, meats, fish, sides, dessert, wine, beer (alcohol is no additional cost by the way).Nice and bright, huge selections, with large video monitors on the walls. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=sdR1RTC_DoMW2zn_J5KzKQ) Dinner will run you $22.99 Mon-Thurs and $29.99 Fri-Sun.Take a walk around before you start putting food on your plate!!Don't forget to save room for dessert! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=QSy9mXWtvl8Ge31qAD7wAQ)I will stop here just to eat at this buffet the next time I'm in town.
5	This buffet inside the eMmm hotel....delicious! How can you say no to all you can eat oysters? My favorites: spaghetti and meatballs, pork ribs, cider, oysters, crab legs, prime rib, coffee gelato, and espresso. Totally worth the $30 for dinner. The wait on Saturday night was pretty redic though. The 5 of us waited maybe 1.5 hrs?
5	I am not a big fan of buffets, but all I can say about this one is WOW.
5	Best buffet in Vegas area! I have been there for all meals and love it! Wide selection and its very clean. I love they have temp gauges where you can see it for each item. Love the dessert counter!!!
5	OMG BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! to name some of my faves pad thai, sashimi salad, bamboo mahi mahi, creamed corn, all kinds of gelato and ice cream including pistachio! the sugar free cookies are delicious with a hot kahlua latte!  its all even better when you have a line pass and get treated VIP! oh yes can't forget about unlimited wine and beer! =)
5	This is the only reason I'd drive out to this hotel.  The buffet is the best value and quality for your buck!  I'd usually go to this buffet before or after visiting Las Vegas.  It's not too far and parking is easy.
4	We arrived at the off-strip M Resort for a weekday lunch buffet, which is a bargain at about $15, which includes food AND drinks. The only difference, really, from the pricier weekend brunch buffets is that there aren't any Alaskan king crab legs. I must say, the hotel itself and the decor of the restaurant do add to the experience. It's like a boutique hotel on a massive scale -- you know, contemporary, dark wood with bright-colored accents, etc.Arriving in the early afternoon, we endured a modest queue to get in to the dining area, but once we were seated had ample time to sample the majority of the buffet items. And like most buffets, everything is edible, but nothing in particular really stands out. And by the time you've made your way through everything, you've filled every nook and cranny of your bloated gut with food you never needed to consume.But, on the whole, the quality of the food, contemporary decor, and complimentary alcoholic beverages distinguish this buffet from the others on the strip.
5	Excellent all you can eat seafood buffet. Most of the food tasted fantastic. Their Flan and Creme Brulee was amazing. Just the right texture and sweetness. Matter of fact their whole dessert buffet was great. If you're a drinker you'll also enjoy the free alcohol (only a few choices).
3	Visited the M Resort Studio B Buffet twice now for the weekend seafood night.  They layout is pretty nice but on the large side.  Lots of tables = a lot of people for dinner service, easily 300 in a seating.Selections for the Seafood night are very diverse and I wouldn't necessarily say they offered a lot of seafood, but they did have good quality choices in hot and cold snow crablegs, oysers, shrimp every which way, and a pretty good Salmon roasted on a bamboo plank.  The crablegs were meaty and firm, pretty good quality if you think about the volume they must go through for the night.The selection is rounded out by your usually salads and veggies, bbq, asian, and Italian fare.  Overall the quality of selections were very good but in any buffet it is difficult to maintain quality on every dish, especially if your items hover around 50+.As a bonus they do serve wine by the glass (think 2 buck chuck brand) and draft beer (Coors Light, Pabst, Primo, and Cider).Service is good, our table of 14 never felt like we had to search for our attendant.Line gets long so I would try to show up early or bring a book.  A little pricey at $29.99 for dinner but add the free alcohol and I think it is worth it.
4	Great Buffet for the price. Somewhat good selections of meat, and seafood.Service was ok. Nothing to compare than just another regular Las vegas buffet.I think that Bellagio and Wynn Buffet is far most the best.What else to say it's Vegas:)
5	I came here for dinner with a group of friends.  We really wanted to try the Seafood dinner buffet for $30 a person.  When we got there, the line was super long.  It took us at least 1.5 hour before we got seated.When we got seated, I noticed there was plenty of empty tables around us.  I guess Studio B prevents customers from coming in, so the buffet stations won't be crowded.My favorite dishes were:1.Oxtail soup - The oxtail meat fell off the bone, and the soup was really good.2. Crab legs - The crabs was cooked perfectly, and it was easy to take out the meat with the red stick thingy.3. BBQ ribs - Tender ribs4. Mahi Mahi on Bamboo - the fish was crispy on the outside, and it tasted great with the salsa on top5. Chocolate Souffle - my favorite dessert6. Cream Puffs - bite size and fresh7. Eclair - very goodOverall, I'd definitely come back!  Everything I tried was really good.  The service was great, since the waitress kept taking away our plates and refilling our drinks.
4	Ok, I went last night with my boys and my husband and besides the very long line at 5 pm, we thought it was much better than times past.  We had to wait in line for a little over an hour so get there early as the line was even longer when we were leaving.  Our server was spot on, and tipped accordingly.  Drinks never went empty, dishes and dirty napkins were cleaned up very quickly.  It seems like the food was fresher this time as well, not overcooked and there were two people constantly cleaning around the buffet area the whole time we were there.  Yummy food, great desserts, two thumbs up!  One of my biggest complaints is the cost of the kids buffet. It is only $7 off, there is no way my two boys put together could eat $22 worth of food.
5	THE GOD OF LVG BUFFET IN MY OPINION.must. bow. down. (specially. you. wynn. buffet).snow crab legs, wine/beer selection, grilled fish with mango sauce, bbq, kbbq, asianfusion, desserts.I feel like scoring jackpot every time I eat here :D
2	I waited 3 hours for this buffet and when we were finally in, all we really ate was the crab legs. They are not stingy with those legs. They kept refilling it when it ran out. The service was ok, they were really busy so it took awhile for our waiter to bring us our refills. We didn't even get to try the free alcohols! Would i come back? It all depends on how long the line is.
5	Best buffet in Vegas!Nice clean place, ginormous buffet table, fancy food presentation, fast service, fresh seafood choices (cold and warm CRAB LEGS yoohoo!), a variety of intl dishes that taste authentic (other buffet dishes taste alike), unlimited wine and fancy desserts, gelato, ice cream and they even have a coffee bar.Due to its popularity, line can be long and waiting time can take hrs. But believe me, this buffet is definitely worth the wait.Overall, this is a must when you visit Vegas!
5	I'm not a buffet fan at all.. Dont see the point in over paying for mediocre food when I don't eat THAT much.. but The M buffet made me a believer everything we had was great, at the very minimum mediocre some stand outs were the carne asada, the thai food!, TONS of desserts (mini lemon meringue pies!) greek domathes, the carving stations, espresso bar.. OH and beer and wine is included! great place to stop by on your way in or out of vegas!
5	Best buffet in Las Vegas? Please. This is the best buffet I have ever been to. Taps Fish House is close, but Studio B wins because of value (Taps is a steep $32.99 for Sunday brunch while Studio B is $29.99 on weekends and just $14.99 for weekday lunch). I realize I can get carried away with superlatives at times, but I was able to catch the $14.99 weekday lunch, and this might be the best value I have ever gotten from a buffet. Here are the things that stick out most in my head (mostly great, a few bad):Macaroni and cheese - Before you smack me in the head for getting mac and cheese at a buffet, hear me out. I normally don't. But this mac...spoke to me. On my first trip I could hear the mac call out my name, but I decided to walk past it. When I got back to the table, I asked everyone how their food was. Cindy T immediately said that the mac and cheese is RIDICULOUS. Shit. I knew right then that there was no avoiding this mac and cheese cooked with diced ham. I got a scoop of it on my next trip, and it blew my mind. BLEW MY MIND.Prime rib - For a lot of people, this is the main appeal of Vegas buffets. Unlimited prime rib. Many sins will be forgiven of a buffet if they can just do this one thing right. And not that they had to because they had so much other outstanding stuff, but Studio B does their prime rib MARVELOUSLY. I was absolutely stuffed by the time I got to the prime rib (I only meant to taste it), but that piece of meat was so good that the entire thing ended up in my stomach.Panang beef - I just recently discovered the creamy, spicy miracle that is panang beef (like a month ago recently), so when I saw this at the buffet it was like a sign from God. The panang beef is DELICIOUS. It lived up to every expectation that I had for it. The pad thai is good too, but the panang beef over steamed rice is what you want.Clam chowder - Another universal dish that pleases a large proportion of diners if a buffet can pull it off, and Studio B more than pulls it off. This chowder is FILLED with clams. It would've been heavenly with some tabasco sauce, but I had inhaled the bowl before a waitress could walk by.BBQ beef ribs - I told myself that I would only eat a few bites to save room for everything else. But after I picked it up...I couldn't seem to put it down again. I pounded that bad boy. These aren't quite "mind-blowing," but the meat is tender, well-sauced, and just really good.Mahi mahi with mango sauce - I was so full and dazed at this point that I was only able to eat one bite, and I barely remember how it tasted. I'm pretty sure it was delicious.Oxtail soup - Wasn't able to try this, and I'm devastated. Next time this will be first on my list.Fried chicken - Dry and bland. Don't bother.Madeleines - Sweet. Baby. Jesus. These things are amazing. They are PERFECTLY crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.Chocolate souffle - If you love chocolate, and I mean absolutely worship chocolate, you will die for these.Pistachio shooter - Absolutely ridiculous.Oreo shooter - Absolutely ridiculous.Gelato - Absolutely ridiculous.Canoli - Absolutely ridiculous.Oh and one last thing - open bar.
5	yum yum yum!!!with oysters and crab legs... what more could you want?  thankfully i went on a weekend, and was able to do seafood buffet!!!  i was in heaven... also loved the dessert... would definitely go back!!!!
4	cousin took us here for his moms and my bday. the buffet a couple miles before you hit the strip. Its located at the M Hotel and Casino on the 2nd floor. looked really nice. dinner is about $30. had a great host that sat us and served our drinks, she also told us about how there is unlimited wine and beer. Food was great, great variety and many selections. Dessert was really good also. Will definitely come back again.
3	If you're into oysters, crab legs, shrimp & prime rib, you will definitely get your money's worth here! The dessert also has a wide selection and are pretty yummy. They also have gelato.  They have the usual: soup, bread, salad, asian cuisine, seafood, pasta, etc. I was only impressed with the prime rib and crab legs. Everything else was just ok.  The crab legs are cut for you so you just have to snap them in half and have fun with the meat!Waitress was nice and accommodating. Cashiers were just okay. Not very friendly as a first impression.For $29.99 on the weekends for dinner, I wouldn't come back.  I'd rather pay $10 more dollars for the buffet at Bellagio. =)
4	If it wasn't so far away from the strip...this place would get 5 stars.  Other than that, this is a must see buffet.  Great selection and presentation. Food selection a wide mix and very good.  Always seems to be crowded...so get ready to wait or somehow get VIP status and use the shorter line.
2	It's just an upgraded version of Old Country Buffet. A buffet for typical American food that senior citizens would appreciate and love. I personally thought the Mac n cheese, meat, and Americanized Chinese food was unappetizing.... This place is for old and retired folks who are content with pasta type foods: not a place for sushi lovers, and high end food lovers.
5	Best quote from a fellow patron while he scooped copious amounts of fried shrimp on my friend's plate: "Might as well eat up, they're going to throw this shit away anyways." Depressing, but all the more reason to indulge oneself in pure gluttony.  The line took about an hour and a half to get through, which surely helped work up an appetite.  Be prepared to bring something to pass the time, like a cell phone with Angry Birds installed.  The furnishings at Studio B were definitely the loveliest I've seen in a buffet.  I wonder if anyone actually appreciates them as they're shoveling food in their mouth.  I enjoyed being able to try foods I wouldn't normally partake of such as gefilte fish and stuffed grape leaves.  Their ox-tail soup was delicious and their dessert selection was quite impressive.  Foods I enjoyed: rosemary lamb, steamed clams, spicy tuna rolls, shrimp scampi, tri-tip, kalbi, chocolate souffle, gelato, creme brulee, and carrot cake.Crab legs were a bit salty.  Nigiri was moderately fresh.  Considering those are the only two criticisms I have, Studio B can definitely be considered one of the top buffets Las Vegas has to offer.
5	By far, the BEST Buffet in Vegas, even without the seafood.  Glad to be here on a weekday since our wait on a Wednesday, still took 45 as oppose to a weekend wait. It took me about 4 trips to get through (or look at ) the entire buffet, not including the dessert bar. Had my fix of Prime rib and Creamed corn. Also had the fried shrimp (a bit salty), fish, sushi and Waldorf salad. Everything was good and selection was awesome. Not the typical food you'ld see at a Vegas Buffet. Also had a good selection of Beer and Wine, great pairing for your food to switch up from red wine w/ meat to white with fish or beer for the grease. Now for the DESSERT ! Saw the shooters and Canoli at Baby Cakes for $1.50 each so having an unlimited supply of the Tiramisu, Pistachio Shooters and Canoli was just awesome. The Chocolate Soufle was so ooey-gooey it was heavenly. I wasn't too fond of the cheesecake though but the Flan, the Creme Brulee, the Carrot Cake, Chocolate Mouse and Fruit Tart were to die for ! Our waitress was also kind enough to let us know 30 min before closing to load up again. Will definitely be back  to try the Weekend Seafood Buffet.
5	WOW, can a buffet be any bigger? AND it includes beer and wine?? UHH...HEAVEN!!LOOOVE Studio B Buffet. They have so much selection to choose from. I came for the seafood buffet during lunch with my friends and we were all just amazed. They have some pretty ethnic asian dishes and it all tasted SO good. I would definitely have to come back to try anything I haven't!
3	Our first attempt to eat at Studio B in December failed as we didn't have the time to endure the 2.5 hour wait.  Fast forward to this past weekend, it was our mission to eat here so we arrived at 4:40pm and the line was at full capacity, gee whiz!  Overall, our wait time from getting in line to getting seated  was a good 1.5 hours.First off, the setup of the buffet is odd.  Yes, it's literally the shape of a "B" without the vertical line so, it was quite curvaceous.  Also, the main thoroughfare into the resto merged with the buffet line so there were a lot of people bumping into each other.  I will say however I was impressed.  With as long as the buffet was, there were not any duplicated offerings!As far as food quality and selections, for a Vegas casino (Yes, I know it's technically in Henderson) it was decent.  They featured your standard buffet offerings such as Asian, Seafood, American, Italian, etc.  However, they had a few items that were unique, such as the Thai Beef Salad, Panang Beef which was spicy but delicious, Kalbi Short Ribs and Seafood Salad among a few other things.  I like how they also offered cold Crab and steamed Crab.  I didn't try the steamed Crab because the cold Crab I had was just too salty and wasn't craving anymore.  Also, I'm always hesitant about buffet Prime Rib but their Prime Rib was actually really good, just a few steps shy of steakhouse quality, in my opinion.My favorite station overall was the Dessert station.  Granted the line for dessert was redonkulous, it was cool because it insured no one would just cut in and out.  They had your standard fare of desserts along with crepes and gelato.  I loved that they had a made to order Espresso station at the end.Our server however was less than satisfactory.  I couldn't figure it out.  I observed the other servers in our area and they were stellar, bussing plates that were a foot high on a tray they'd carry above their shoulders, keep beves full and we get stuck with the ho hum server that would barely take our few dirty plates, much less, give us refills.  I wanted to leave him a dollar but the s/o felt bad.  Really?  The server was bad is more like it.Overall, would I come here again?  The food was okay but it wasn't worth that horrendous wait.  As for the 5-star reviews well keep in mind, beer and wine are included in the buffet so, 'nuff said.  "Best buffet in Vegas..." y'all are trippin!!!  : /
4	Ehehehe. I love this buffet!To be honest, though, I'm not here for the seafood. It's good, but I'm not the type that gorges himself on king crab legs with drawn butter. It IS good, though.As all the other reviews have mentioned, this is a buffet located at the M Resort. It's off the strip, and quite a bit, too. The buffet is beautiful though, and the selection is great. There's an entire Asian-inspired section which I thought was neat, but didn't try anything but the kalbi short ribs(which were yummy but too saucy). I enjoyed their prime rib, although it wasn't the best of Vegas. Cocktail shrimp was a bit small; Bellagio's buffet has cocktail shrimp nearly twice the size.The unlimited alcohol bar was pretty cool. Lots of people getting wine and beer. Personally, I went for the root beer on tap. Delicious!Desert bar was quite good too; nothing super unique, but I enjoyed their ice cream/gelato station.Definitely a five star if only it were cheaper; or a few improvements.
5	This buffet and hotel just blew my mind! Was def not expecting a hotel like this to look like Aria! And the buffet had ox tail! And the quality and taste is so good! Their desert is so good! Huge selection! And their pool is insane! Wow! Lunch is only $14.99! Crazy!
5	I have a love/hate relationship with all buffets, but after teetering between the two extremes, I have to say I love you Studio B! Out of all the buffets I've been to in Vegas, I have to say this one is definitely the best. It definitely beats Rio, Wynn, and Paris hands down (though I am still dying to try Wicked Spoon!) It's best to go on Sunday's on your way home from Vegas (I refuse to eat a buffet on Friday's or Saturday's because I NEED to fit into my dresses ;P) and the wait wasn't too long for our party of 8. I think we got there around 1pm and waited about half an hour to be seated. Price was $29.99 per person and includes wine and beer. Truthfully, I didn't get to try out much because I filled myself up on the Asian food alone. I'm not much of a meat or seafood eater, so I gravitated towards all the carbs. Everything was pretty good from the pad thai to fried rice to chicken teriyaki and sushi! I also tried the pizza and breakfast items (eggs, waffles, pancakes) which all tasted good too. I have to say my favorite part of their buffet was definitely the dessert bar though. There was a huuuuuge variety of desserts (more than any other buffet I've been to) and all of them were sooo amazing! Huge variety of ice cream, yogurt, and sorbet as well.This will definitely be my go-to buffet in town!
5	So after hearing that this is the best buffet vegas has to offer, I had to try it out myself. Came on a saturday night, and knew there was gonna be a long wait since there was already a very long line forming .To make a long story short, it took our party two hours to be seated!! But i must say that the wait was well worth it. Everything I ate was delish! There was a wide variety of food items to choose from. So no matter how picky you are with food, I'm certain that there's something in the menu that would satisfy your palette. Some of my faves were the mahi mahi, prime rib, orange chicken, and the beet salad. Everything was fresh and still piping hot, which is always a plus. Dessert wise, there were lots to choose from: creme brulee, molten choc cake, tiramisu, and the flan were some of my favorites. Will definitely come back to this buffet, but i think next time i will definitely avoid coming here on a holiday weekend..
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas! it kicked the rio outta the ball park!! Out of this world's prime rib and big selection of desserts and gelatos!!! what more can a girl ask for?!
4	Out of the many buffets I've had here in Vegas, Studio B takes the cake. Better than Bellagios!Their selection is wide, fresh, and delish. Servers are quick to get you a refill or take a plate. The desserts here are the best I've seen. GELATOOO! And most importantly alcohol is included. So you can make your money's worth at the seafood station or the bar.
3	My favorite thing about this hot spot? The gelato bar! What buffet do you know that has all you can eat gelato with a good variety of flavors? This alone made my trip worth it! Not to mention the rest of the delish assortment of desserts! One thing that you should be aware of is that the seafood buffet is only available on Fridays-Sundays for only 29.99. I unfortunately was not because I was ready to get my seafood fix during lunch on a Monday until they told us the reason why the lunch buffet was only $15 was because it's only on the weekends... Boohoo! Exactly why I took  a star off along with the next star because of their limited sushi bar that was not so great, which I wouldn't expect greatness at a buffet anyway, but they should have at least given more of a selection. The lamb shoulder however, was yum! $15 on weekdays for lunch, $22 for dinner... Same price for the weekends without seafood but with it's 29.99, which I think is a great price compared with the prices on the strip that's not as great... Belagio is still one of my faves!
4	I am not much into buffets anymore, however this is one I would repeat! I went on a Saturday which is the seafood brunch and everything else under the sun! I think this buffet is worth a try for sure, a different experience. I was not able to see the live cooking demonstration in which I was really excited about as I was there between the two times a day they have an actual foodnetwork presentation.  The service is impeccable, I swear our drink server was connected to my hip, never went more than eyes reach of me. She kept my drinks filled to the brim! However I am not sure that everyone gets that superb treatment, I think it was my sweet, adorable, loving personality that really attracted her to service me really good. I am also really pretty to boot, pleasing on the eyes, so... lol Needless to say she got a fat tip baby! Fatter than normal I am sure :) And yes, I took advantage and had some alcohol, a couple of mimosa's, wine, champagne, and a couple of brewski's!I have included the details below provided courtesy of the Studio B Buffet :)Choose from over 200 items daily  Beer and Wine Included with Lunch and DinnerStudio B brings you a buffet experience unlike anywhere else by integrating a state-of-the-art restaurant with a live-action cooking studio. In the main dining room, chefs prepare delicious appetizers, entrees and out-of-this-world patisserie desserts. Guests may also enjoy beer and wine selections at no additional cost. The dining experience is made truly unique by the ever-changing live cooking and technique demonstrations by culinary experts that are broadcast on 110' x 6' video monitors inside the main buffet so everyone can watch. With continually evolving flavors and entertainment, no day is ever the same at Studio B. Here you come to eat, but you leave entertained.   Children 4 years & younger - eat FreeHours of Operation:Breakfast Mon. - Fri. 7:00am-10:30am  $9.99 Children 5 years - 8 years $6.99 Lunch Mon. - Fri. 10:30am - 2:30pm $14.99 Children 5 years - 8 years $10.99 Seafood Brunch Sat. - Sun 9:00am - 2:30pm $29.99 Children 5 years - 8 years $22.99 Dinner Mon. - Thur. 4:00pm-9:00pm $22.99 Children 5 years - 8 years $16.99 Seafood Dinner Fri. 4:00pm - 10:00pm $29.99 Sat. - Sun. 2:30pm - 10:00pm $29.99 Children 5 years - 8 years $22.99
4	TONS of very good, delicous food. So much to choose from. Great table service. I went to Studio B for Mother's Day brunch. They had everything from eggs and bagels, to sushi, crab legs (hot and cold), chinese and mexican food, to gelato, cookies and FREE beer and wine! What a treat. You have to get there early as the lines form quickly. Very, very good food and so much to choose from. Endless supple of coffee, juice and sodas, too!Highly recommened!
5	It's all about the PRIME RIB!!  Super tender, better then Lawrys, Tam O Shanters, or any other buffet I have been to L.A. or Vegas.  I asked the server how they do it, and he said they use a steam oven.  Don't forget the Au Jus.
4	Studio B Buffett... Your lines are so mother fucking long! My stomach felt like it ate itself :'(, but thank god, my friends were waiting since 4, and by the time we got there we just waited for another hour -____-x, I seriously love you and hate you. Their desserts are delicious. I ate some of their desserts and by the time I went outside to check out that bakery they were fucken expensive! but the price of $32, for their seafood, you were completely worth itttt! Studio B buffet is outside of the strip, maybe like 10 minutes away from the strip. In my opinion, I think this buffet is one of the best around LV. It is shaped kinda like  ~ literally, its like squiggly LOL. food are so delicious. They have all kinds of food from Chinese, Thai, American, Etc. Well this is a buffet.. but I was kinda shocked they had PAD THAI there.. I love PAD THAI!!Our drinks came out in a quickness & our server was great. Shes an ASIAN LADY that speaks cantonese, so my friends were stirring up a convo with her. Shes one of the best server I-have-ever had in my life.
4	I hadn't been to a buffet in a while. I sort of out grew them a few years back. It's just massive hoarding and chowing down and you leave feeling "ugh". My family was in town and they had heard good things about the Studio B Buffet at the M Casino. I had been out at the M Casino once before just to take a look around. Seemed like a nice enough place but didn't eat anything. Since they wanted to try it we thought why not. We ventured out on a Saturday night. The line was huge, took about 45 minutes to get in and we got there around 8:30. When we got in I realized what I had been missing. There is so much variety of food. It reminded me of the Rio buffet with all the different things to eat. It's sort of pricey but what buffet isn't? It was about $28 per person (maybe a little more, little less) but after abstaining for so long it felt good to try a new buffet. Too many different types of foods to mention here. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to try a buffet off the strip.
4	Price is okay, but the food quality here is definitely noticeably an improvement compared to a lot of the other buffets on the strip. The presentation, along with the freshness, and the unbelievably large amount of choices to choose from definitely give this place an edge. Expect a long line to get in. But once you're in, enjoy the multiple screens, great food, and the best service at a buffet you'll ever get.
3	Came on mother's day Sunday and wow.. the wait was loooooooooooong...... I think we ended up waiting for more than 2 hrs?  But of course, that was our choice to wait...Anyway... this place was pretty large and was designed in an open format.  We could actually see the strip from where we were seated... but the buildings were smaller than the salt shaker on the table. The food.... not bad... they actually served raw oyster (really fresh and no sand) which I wouldn't see a lot in a buffet.  that was pretty good.  I remember having a lot of options on a lot of different types of food... but I don't really remember anything in particular that strikes me...But I do remember having fresh made cappuccino/latte by the dessert area which I thought was a nice bonus to this place.Oh... did I mention unlimited beer and house wine.
5	DEEEEEELICIOUS FOOD THERE! so awesome!! my top faves were their pad thai, mac n cheese, panang curry, tri tip, bbq ribs.. omg everything! and their unlimited dessert section; they serve gelato ice cream!! their luscious mango gelato was the best! =D loved it!
5	The gluttony that takes over you with the choices alone when you walk in to this place is sinful but devine.  Contradicting?  Sure.  But when its all said and done you leave here drunk and satisfied from all the free alcohol and wide variety.  My review is being written by the carnivor in me because that is all i had at studio B because when i drink i just wanna pupu on meat and they had alot of meat.  The buffet itself is quite enourmous and its probably a hundred yards long slithered like a snake starting with the bar  and ending with a pizza/meditteranian station and on the other side of the bar the dessert station.  My lady, kids and mother in law had a blast at studio B sampling everything from thier asian station, pasta station, salad station, carving station and dessert station.  Studio B is not your average buffet because of the variety they have and none of the dishes are repeated as it is at most buffets.  The reason for the five stars is the free alcohol that is included in the price which is why i decided to visit studio b before the bellagio buffet.  The last time i was in Vegas the M resort and casino was in construction so this was my first visit to studio B.  Best buffet in Vegas?? Between studio B and Bellagio i think so.     The carving station, while standing in line i started to drool, was on the top of my hit list and i hit hard so hard i thought i had gout the next morning lol.  When i stood in line for my succulent piece of prime rib i lost intrest when i saw there was a 1/4 piece left of the huge roast and it looked well done, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut they brought out a brand new prime rib roast and i asked for a big middle cut and it was medium rare just way i like it.  Yum!  After that it was history and every piece was medium rare seasoned to perfection and you had the choice of toppings such as horseradish cream, butter, au jus, horseradish, pico de giyo, cranberry sauce, gravy and some kind of sweet sauce.  Devine!     I also had thier turkey breast which was so so and thier tri tip roast which was good but a little chewy for my liking.  I cant comment on the flavors of anything else but i know my family liked it very much there is a lot of everything for every taste bud and preference.  The other thing i did try was thier dessert station and it was normal buffet dessert transformed in to eligance.  The also had capaccino and probably 10-15 gellato flavors.  Its hard to screw up dessert and studio B didnt dissapoint.  I know the raves about studio B is the seafood buffet but we went on a tuesday night and i believe the seafood buffet is on the weekends.  Besides im not a seafood kind of guy but i dont remember seeing any seafood except for shrimp, which i didnt have.     The all you can drink beer and wine is why this place became our first buffet destination and by the time i left i was pretty hammered lol.  They have draft beer only and three different wines.  I think the draft changes every so often but none the less its still all you can drink and thats a good sign of service in my book.  The best kept hidden secret, if at all a secret, is you can go in, while someone in your group holds your place in line, and start drinking!  The wait is a wait as it is at every buffet in Vegas but if you have a players card then you get priority so get the players card.     If you are looking to start your binge eating at a buffet i highly recommend you start at studio B and i can guarentee you wont be disappointed.  The prices for dinner M-F are 22.99 for adults and half that price for kids 3 and older while younger are free.  If you like to binge drink while in Vegas then studio B is the place to be lol. Chow doooooooooooooooooooooown!!!
5	This is by far the best buffet that I've been to.The prime rib, BBQ duck, and ribs were absolutely delicious, unlimited wine and beer are included, and the desserts are to die for (they include gelato and many flavors of macaroon). The variety of items to choose from is much greater than at any of the other buffets - they even had stir-fried crab.
2	I really don't get what all the hype is about.  The food is your standard buffet food: crab legs, prime rib, other seafood.  The quality of the food isn't great either.  I did like the osso buco and the fried polenta, but other than that the food was ...meh.  The best parts of this buffet are the all you can drink beer and wine and the desserts.  Expect to wait at least 2 hours in line and have a bunch of people cut in front of you because they conveniently found family or friends in line ahead of you.  Make sure you check the closing time because sadly they still seat people when they're already taking food away from the buffet.  If you're looking for a seafood buffet, head over to the Rio seafood buffet instead.Overall this is not the best buffet like a lot of the reviews have said.  Save your feet some grief and head to the Bellagio or Wynn buffet.  Way better food (at Bellagio they serve king crab legs sliced in half so you don't have to crack crab legs, and i've even had kobe beef there  before) and you won't have to wait a million hours in line.  Prices are about the same for weekend lunches and dinners.
4	Went on Memorial Day weekend so the price was a bit more expensive ($32) than usual. But considering the fact that the buffets on the strip would have been ($45+), it was a good deal.The food there was fantastic and our server was on top of everything. Whatever small thing we asked for, like an extra spoon, she was on it.I think the best parts were their variety of food and dessert.
2	I visited this buffet on a Wednesday when it was seniors day. 2 for 1 and it was only $14.99. You can't beat that. I decided to try it Saturday. I didn't mind paying $14.99 a person. I got there and she says it's $35.00 a person. She said it was seafood dinner. First of all it was 12:00 and it wasn't dinner. I didn't want to go anywhere else so I went in. It was ridiculous to charge $20.00 more for the little bit of fish they had. No lobster. This buffet is good if it's $14.99 or 2 for 1. But not worth $35.00. Beware of when you go.
3	This use to be one of my favorite buffet until the last few times.  The mahi mahi is extremely dry and overcooked and the sushi is full of rice with shriveled up fish.  I use to love the oysters here; that was the main reason I came but now it's frozen and tasteless.  I walked around the whole buffet three times and it was dufficult to find anything that was above standard.  The only thing that was good anymore is the seafood salad in the Asian food section.  I am not quite sure what happened but I will definitely not come back for a very long time.  Eventhough the food did not bring a smile to my face, the service was wonderful; out waitress was attentive and extremely nice
5	Went on a Tues. evening, so unfortunately they didn't offer the seafood buffet. However, the dinner buffet (which starts at 4PM) was fantastic!! The food is incredible and tasty, unlike most other buffets that are just mainly greasy and all the food tastes the same. You must try the lamb, I was pleasantly surprised. The red thai seafood curry is very spicy. I love that they include beer and wine in your dinner, and they also serve cappuccinos and lattes in the deser area. You can even ask them for flavored syrup or a shot of alcohol in your gourmet coffee. Make sure you make room for dessert, their merengues are wonderful and the cream puffs are some of the best I've had.Must try: tomato bisque soup, mozzarella and tomato, stuffed grape leaves, seafood combo, kbbq, lamb, tri tip.Pass: sushi (the rice was a bit dry), mashed potato, fried chicken..pretty much anything that you can get for cheap elsewhere.My usual strategy for buffets: skip the unneccessary carbs (rice, pasta, potatoes, bread) to make room for the foods you only get to eat once in a while.
4	I've been to this buffet three or four times.  I think it is very good.  Some of the outstanding dishes from tonight:  green curry with chicken with a good spiciness--probably a 5 or 6 out of 10 at most Thai restaurants; black bean Asian eggplant with tofu; and some bamboo mahi mahi--the fish being tasty and juicy for a buffet setting.  Disappointments were the teriyaki chicken (too sweet) and the artisan breads.  The breads have never been outstanding, but they seem to be closer to regular sliced bread than artisan.Desserts as always were good.  I think the cannoli are the best of any buffet in town.  I wasn't fond of the pecan pie, but the creme brulee is outstanding.  Service was top notch.  The server brought fresh glasses of iced tea before I was finished with one, and he brought coffee with dessert.  50% off for people 50 and older on Wednesday makes this a super value.
5	So much variety of food here, you wont know what to choose!Heres a favor: Sweet Potato Mash. Cheese Tortellini. Mac and Cheese. Can't go wrong with those! (Keep an eye out at what meats the chefs are cutting for you)Don't forget to save room for dessert! Amaretto coffee(!), Assorted Gelatos, mousse shots. $25 AYCE with beer and wine is too good.
5	The first I time arrived in Vegas. I love buffets. I would go every week, trying every single buffet in town. But that was like 8 years ago. After trying all the different buffet in town, I'm really tired of it already. It's always the same thing again and again. I personally prefer going to Studio B for weekdays lunch, since the major difference between lunch and dinner/weekend  is the oysters and crab legs. I don't think it's worth the extra money for thatStudio B Buffet has relieved my appetite of loving back the buffet I used to love. It's like meeting your first love again. Studio B Buffet has varieties of food menu like all other popular buffets in town, so what makes Studio B Buffet stands out among best of the best?1. Unlimited red wine, white wine, and beer. That's definitely a good first impression to everybody. But it won't matter if the alcohol tastes horrible. As a huge wine and beer drinker myself, I can tell you that those are a pretty good wine and beer. 2. Don't care too much about alcohol? Fine, get yourself a fresh made cappucino, latte or even espresso! 3. Deserts. Most of other buffet has many varieties of desert as well. But few of them took the time to make their desert like Studio B. The desert that Studio B offer, is the same quality that I would pay from a bake shop. In fact, theirs taste better than most of local store in town. And what's best is, all of their deserts are offered in a bite size plate. So you get to try as many as deserts you can before you get too full. 10 flavors of gelato, flan, creme brulee, cheesecake, chocolate souffle, coconut macaroons, crepes and so many more.There are so many good food that I can't even remember anymore what I ate. I just remembered that their oxtail soup is sooo good. The meat are so tender. I don't know why they didn't put it next to all of the other soup.  It was placed next to the ribs I think. Correct me if I'm wrong. Overall, it was really a good experience. No matter what kind of cuisine you like, I'm sure you'll find yourself something you'll like. Well, except if you're vegetarian. I don't think it's a smart idea to go to any buffet for vegetarian, unless it's an indian restaurant.
5	By far THE BEST BUFFET in VEGAS!!! although the wait can be a lil cray cray, it is definitely worth the wait.  The quality of food is good, not to mention they serve steamed crab legs!!!For $30 all you can drink wine/beer is also a plus! Their dessert selection is amazing and they also have gelato!
5	I've tried many buffets but this one is very good. I'd say the very best in Vegas! The beer/wine selection is limited but the food quality keeps my attention! I do miss the seafood bisque they used to offer....
5	So before yesterday,*happy birthday me* the buffet at Bellagio was my #1. gourmet night had everything...Studio B was dinner tonight and let me say that free unlimited wine, beer, and cappuccinos= happiness bliss. Seafood night to boot. I been craving seafood all week, and finally got my fill. Steamed clams and snow crab, baked mussels, lobster bisque,miso soup, cioppino. Holy mother... They now share rank 1 with bellagio.
5	Heard about this place from a friend's recommendation. First place I went to when I arrived to Vegas, since it's about 15-20 minutes away from the strip. Studio B is located inside the M Resort (nice place for an off-strip hotel) and it usually gets packed since it's a buffet. I thought we had to wait for long hours, so we gave them an hour or else we would find someplace else to eat. Thank goodness we were seated at the hour mark because I really wanted to try this place out, especially on Seafood dinner weekend! Seafood dinner costs about $32 for adult, half price for kids of certain age, and free for ages 4 and under. Studio B offers a wide variety of food such as sushi, Chinese, Italian, Soup and Salad bar, SEAFOOD, steak, and dessert (Gelato, Macaroons, Crepes, etc). I'm sure I forgot to mention some more, but the food was incredibly delicious. Clam chowder was so good my family went for seconds! We made our money's worth on indulging the seafood with the crab legs. Compared to other resort buffets, Studio B doesn't have pre-sliced crab legs. Instead, they give you tools and if you ask the waiter, they'll be happy to show you how to open up the crab legs because we had no idea on how to use it.I also forgot to mention... free wine/beer! It's a major plus for those who prefers alcohol at no cost. So make some time to try out this place, but I did warn you on the possible wait time from the crowd! I'm feeling hungry after yelping this place... :(
5	great selection!
5	I gotta admit that this is the best buffet I have ever tried. I make it a point to eat here everytime I go to Vegas. It's about 10-15 miles away from the strip but its totally worth it. I just went back there this past weekend and took a friend with me who's never tried it. He said they had the best prime rib he's ever tried. We were using a butter knife to cut the slice of meat. They also serve bottomless beer and wine. What more can you ask for? Quality food and drinks. Crab legs and prime rib for the win! I can't wait to go back there!
5	AMAZING...best dessert bar I have ever seen. Studio B is a hidden treasure, although a bit far from the strip, but so WORTH IT. Food selection is amazing, starting with breakfast all the way to dinner. The TASTE and QUALITY of the food is phenomenal!The buffet is loaded with VARIETY. I was very surprised and excited that beer and wine is included. Their M Resort Berry Cider is delicious!It can be pretty packed for dinner and there might be a line but I would camp out there, that's how good it is. My mouth waters at the simple rememberance.Gelatos are delicious, their mashpotatoes are super creamy and buttery, kahlua pork and cabbage tastes better than the one I had in Hawaii. Prime rib and carne  asada, please load up on those! Make sure you make room for desserts because you will walk back to your table with at least 5 different kinds!I truely recommend this place. A++++++
3	This is a good buffet. The decor is bright yet welcoming, the food selection is great, and the food is good. Yet...it's just a buffet. I can't say it was worth the drive from the strip.
5	Best Brunch Buffet in Vegas! Great food, great selection, I loved that you had more than bite sized treats as a dessert option. Friendly staff. Will definitely be back!
5	this is hands down the best buffet i've ever been to.
5	The prime rib was tender and delicious. The crab legs were fresh and tasty. Stick with the those and you will not be disappointed. I only wish I saw the prime rib earlier. By the time I got to it I was nearly full from eating everything else. Lol.I was amazed by the sheer variety so rest assured you will find something that to satisfy your palate. The buffet is complimented by its unlimited beer and wine so thats always a plus. Do save room for dessert. I recommend the creme brulee and the pistachio and oreo shooters. Sugary goodness indeed. Don't forget that you can get a fresh made latte, cappuccino, or espresso drink to wash down your desserts with.This buffet is a bit far from the Strip but definitely worth the trip.
5	Best Buffet that my hubby and I have been to!!! It's definitely our top pick!! OXTAIL SOUP is awesomeeeeeeee!! Cant wait to go back to Vegas!!
5	Epic. Everything from the prime rib to the Asian fare was fantastic. Even the watermelon and the cantaloupe were nice and ripe, something which I find most buffets of any caliber fail to serve. All you can eat creme brulee.. how can you beat that? I seriously had to force myself to limit the creme brulee portions, otherwise my heart would suffer a diabetic explosion. LOLPrime rib, I'm coming back for you.Tip: Try to come at an off hour, like between lunch and dinner at around 3ish.. We were fortunate enough not to wait in any line. It's WELL worth the wait, nonetheless.
3	Pros-Not too expensiveCons- Snow crab legs are not sliced so you find yourself taking a long time to eat- Food was not near as good as I was expecting for 4.5 stars from Yelp- It does have beer & wine, but it is pretty cheap stuff- Looks like a cafeteria
5	I'm gonna have to say, it's one of the best buffets out in Vegas!  I've been to Wynn, Rio, etc.... and for $32, it's worth it.  Excellent quality and vast selection.  And OMG, check out the dessert bar!  Creme Brulee, Gelato, Crepes, Souffle and much more!  Only drawback is that it's a ways out there and just like any other high end buffet, expect to wait about an hour.  It's all worth the drive and wait!
4	I'm not a fan of buffets. I'd rather pay for quality over quantity. So when my family decides to go to one, I base my review largely on selection. And there was a whole lot to choose from! You literally work up an appetite just walking around the room to get your food. The wait time can vary. I waited for 2 hours, but this was on Father's day. I'm not sure how long it is normally, but I hear it can get up to the 1 to 2 hours range.  I think what really makes this buffet stand out from the rest though, is their all you can drink beer and wine station. I instantly thought this might not be the best family oriented buffet because of it, but i didn't see anyone abuse it. For light drinkers, I'd recommend trying the cider. For heavier drinkers, remember to save room for the rest of the buffet! Endless snow crab legs is fun to eat, because it makes such a mess. Maybe we're novice snow crab eaters, but when my cousin and I crack crab legs, meat flies everywhere! Don't be ashamed to bib up.Lastly, don't forget to save room for dessert!!
5	I came here on a Wednesday night with my family. We didn't know this at the time but adults over 50 of age eat for free with the purchase of another adult. Our family of 4 ate for the price of 2, which is an awesome deal, especially since the buffet is reasonably priced to begin with.The selection of food is great. There is literally everything: Chinese, Korean, Japanese, American, Mexican, Italian, etc. Everything tasted great too. I really liked the galbi (Korean marinated short ribs). They also have a great variety of desserts. There is so much to eat at this place! Definitely one of the best buffets that Vegas has to offer.
5	Crab Legs, dessert station. Unlimited wine serving..Can you say best buffet in town??...i think so...
5	Still my favorite buffet in town. Even though there is a long wait...even at lunch I stll love this place. We had a big group and our server did a great job. The food was excellent & the Hard Cider was delish! You just can't go wrong with this place when you need your buffet fix.
4	AYCD yes you read it right this place not only has AYCE but also All you can Drink wine and beer included with LUNCH/DINNER admission.Staying off strip is maybe a good Thing. This Vegas Trip I stayed at a friends house to save some money.The house was near M Resort and Spa. I've heard many good things about the buffet and so had to try it.Price:Breakfast$9.99 Mon-Fri Lunch$14.99 Mon-ThursSeafood Lunch/Dinner$31.99 for Fri-SunLike all buffets they have many food selections from:CHINESE,JAPANESE, GREEK, FILIPINO, AMERICAN, ITALIAN, AND MEXICANThe items that stood out to me were the Prime Rib/Tri Tip and those humongous CRAB LEGS! Service was really attentive and the Dessert Area can be overwhelming because there are so many good stuff to choose from! I didn't had room for the gelato though because I was filled up :(
5	Compared to all the buffet i have ate at vegas this is by-far the best one. i always go there for thier buffet when ever i plan a trip to vegas. They had prime rib that i can cut with a fork, which mean very very tender YUM! and they have on food channel which is a plus :)... thier asian cusine is pretty decent and the chicken noodles soup was delicious. Thier buffet can be compare to the spice market in planet hollywood but better. i don't drink but they also have  unlimited wine and beer. the dessert bar has many variety of sweets you can choose from, and next to the dessert bar there is a barista which u can have coffee with your dessert extra plus!!!Improvements: there a two major thing that a problem. One, the buffet is very far from the strip ( for those who plans a trip  to the buffet by taxi it about 40-50 dallors from the strip). i do not think the M hotel would want to move thier hotel, but then again thats what makes M so special IT OFF THE STRIP. Second i have notice that the hotel is trying to save money, HOW? you ask...as a former sushi chef, having pre-made sushi on a sheet pan then placed on the buffet line is very disrespectful to the chefs and japanese culture. if it was sushi rolls that would be fine, but nigri sushi pre-made not cool.Minor issues that i have is that the buffet is either to dim or too bright, my friends and i kept falling asleep while eating. also the wait is way to long, my friend and i waited almost 2 hours, if it was 1 it would have been fine becuase we had 10 people. after having been seated i have notice that there was a  lot of open tables. the service was very slow not becuase of our server but i think they were understaff ( which goes back to cutting cost).Would i go back? YES!
5	WOW.  This buffet is what Las Vegas Strip Buffets used to be like (The list includes the best of the best: Wynn, Bellagio, Rio, Etc)There are 3 main things I judge a las vegas buffet by.  Freshness of the crab legs.  Freshness of the oysters. and quality of the prime rib.First.Freshest Crab Legs You'll find anywhere at any Las Vegas Buffets - I was so incredibly impressed by how fresh these were.  They had both cold and hot steamed crab legs.  No salty, dingy looking, bottom of the barrel sort of crab here.  Everything comes out looking good and fresh.Next.  Oysters.  No gigantic hormone infused looking oysters here.  No salty fish flavors. Just pure oyster flavor with a "touch" of the sea.  Very fresh and very delicious.Last.  Prime Rib.  Quality was very good, cooked very perfectly.  A nice medium rare that was all the way through without the ends being dried out.Everything else is just "gravy" - I never usually eat more than 1 or 2 pieces of dessert at any other buffet.  including the Wynn or Bellagio.  They are alright, but nothing spectacular.  This place has some really really good desserts to suit every taste.  I had two plates full....  AND to top it off I got a freshly made cappuccino from the barista after I was done.The view in the back is amazing.  A nice skyline view of the vegas strip,  How many buffets have windows??  This is a very different type of hotel and a different type of buffet.  I wish it were closer to the strip.  but then again, maybe a break from the strip is what makes it so good.  They even had $5 black jack tables in the casino....Since I was on my way out of Vegas, I didn't partake in the AYCD option, but I was very surprised that they included this in the price of the meal.  A very very good value.The best vegas buffet hands down.
4	I don't know why I didn't write a review earlier.  We really enjoy the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.  We go at least once whenever we are in Vegas.  Even though the M Resort is off the strip, the line up for the buffet especially for the seafood buffet on weekend can be verrrrry long.  The food quality is top notch, except for the sushi.  I don't care for it since the sushi rice tends to be too cold.  The mac 'n cheese is one of my favorite dishes here though they tend not to serve it when they have the seafood buffet.  The prime rib is good too since if you are patient, you can get a medium rare piece but they disappear fast.  My last trip out I had the seafood buffet comp'd so I really indulged in the fresh oysters and the crab legs (which I am glad were not salty).They have a really good assortment of desserts but my favorite is the ice cream counter. Service is generally really good to excellent most times we have been.  The wait staff works hard at clearing the tables and getting drinks.Definitely recommend Studio B if you want to wander away from the strip.  M Resort also has some really fun slot machines to play before and after dinner - BONUS!
4	Pros: Selection is great.Died when I tried the crab legs and the tortelini dish.Service is fast.Creme brulee & gelato (not together), enough said.Cons:The line.The bbq ribs were too dry.Mashed potatoes and meatloaf were bland. That's about everything I got to experience/try.
4	After reading all of the 4 and 5 star reviews, and perusing the photos of seafood mountains, I finally had a chance to dine here during the 4th of July Holiday weekend.  We even arrived at 4:30 PM with hopes to beat the rush, but still waited in line for an 1.5 hours just to get to the cashier, then another 20 minutes before we were seated- but I knew to expect that and my husband and I took turns playing the slots- so it's all good... (plus winning at the slots to pay for dinner was icing on the cake). I had been craving snow crabs and was very happy with the selection.   It was not salty at all and I actually prefer the non pre-sliced crab legs.  When I have to work for my food, it tastes even better- plus I am forced to take my time and not just shovel plates of food like a gluttonous pig.  4 out of the 5 snow crab segments that I cracked and peeled, were flawless and perfectly dipped in butter. Only 1 of them stuck to the shells. Not bad...I also made sure to save enough room for a slice of medium rare prime rib and for a buffet, it was quite tasty.  Of course, I also had to stock up on some cocktail shrimp and something about the cocktail sauce had me wanting more and more.  Unfortunately, because I am pregnant I couldn't partake in the unlimited wine and beer, but who knows if I would take up precious stomach space anyways.  Regardless, our waitress was quite attentive and my class of iced tea was never empty, nor did a dirty plate sit at our table for more than a couple minutes.  I did try the sushi and nigiri and I'll pass next time.  I did try a couple pieces of the tempura shrimp and veggies and those were delish.  But other than that, I had stuffed myself silly with crab legs and shrimp, that I didn't have a chance to sample much else.  However, the selection is quite vast.  The dessert station looked fabulous and I couldn't leave without a scoop of pistachio gelato.  Yummo!All in all- a successful buffet trip and one that I look forward to making again, especially when I am not pregnant so that I can partake in the raw oysters!
4	Only reason for 4 stars is the wait.  The long, crazy, ridiculous wait that makes one almost crazy.  However once you get in there and have your free beer and win, all is forgotten.  Well, mostly forgotten.  The food is better than average and cheaper than average.  Dinner was much better and impressive than breakfast.
3	Food was ok, price was right, but please don't compare to Bellagio (someone did).  This felt like being in a cafeteria.  We had high expectations from reading yelp.  Now I wonder if I should believe this site.
5	.., This is definately a must in everyone's buffet sex life. Word of mouth spread across our group that the M resort had I believe 2010's best buffet in Vegas. That was enough for my gf Diane & I to dive in. We were celebrating her brother Michael's birthday for the 4th of July. Her family had already been here a few times already & had waited up to 2 hrs. to get in. Given it being a weekday, especially a day after a major holiday. We expected the line to be shorter than usual. It was only $13 per person, so I really suggest you hit this on a weekday. The line moved fast so we were seated within a half hr. The set up in the place is awesome! Swanky, hip, & sexy, whoever did the decor @ Studio B, I applaud you. I can't even properly explain how to describe the set up because I'm not a fashionable architectural guru. But I will promise you that you will like it. Modern but cozy, with about a hundred or so tv's that work in unisen to make a huge screen up on top of one side of the buffet. The buffet itself has an ecclectic variety of food. From Pad Thai to meat loaf, carne asada & sushi. Here's what I had:scrambled eggs- awesome!tons of bacon- awesome!bbq ribs- tasty, but not mind blowingchile verde-  was okmeatloaf-  was okkorean bbq ribs- my favorite thing from the buffet, superb, great flavor!pineapples, cantelope, honey dew - all fresh & tastymacaroni salad- tastybreakfast sausage- very tastypizza bread- tastypeach w/ cottage cheese- was okThe dessert was what really put everything over the top. I would have given this place a 4 star review, but yeah those desserts were amazing. I had:cannolis-deliciousecclairs-deliciouspistachio gelato- deliciousraspberry crepes- deliciousflan- deliciouscream puffs- deliciousThey even had free beer on tap. I left here feeling really really satisfied. Especially hearing David Bowie's "Ziggy Stardust" while I was in line @ the dessert section. That totally gave them "cool points" from me. Bowie @ buffets? Haha alright alright, what else do you have? Check this place out, I'm sure you'll find something worth coming back to.
5	All other buffets pale in comparison!  Having been to Vegas 14 times and have tried every buffet ..this is the absolute best! I used to swear by the Rio as being #1 ..no more! Sure it may be bigger ..but quality here is 2nd to none..everything tastes as good as it looks! Even the desserts!  The flavors all explode in your mouth! Also draft beer ..wines ..and a killer house cider as well as desert liquor coffees are all included!  Well worth the drive from the strip!
5	oh my, as a las vegas ex-local and regular visitor (2 vacation homes here), i've been around vegas a few times. and this is by far the best buffet i've ever had.. ever. everything is delicious and fresh, and well worth the amazingly cheap price. the line was short when i last went, but we still ended up waiting quite a while (about an hour) due to the switch between lunch and dinner i believe.a bit far from everything else in vegas, but when you need to get away and eat something amazing (and a lot of it), this is the place to go.
4	Mmmmmmm, this was my first visit to the M Resort Buffet, and probably won't be my last.  It helped that it's really close to my work, so their lunch buffet will probably be the only one I do.At $15 for lunch, it was not a bad deal for all the food and options you get.  Everything seemed to be quality food.  If you go, request a seat near the window.  You'll have an expansive view of the Las Vegas Skyline.  Something I've never experienced at a buffet before.
5	must try on the way in or out of vegas.. good AYCE .. wide verity and its AYCD too ..
5	By far best buffet I've ever had!It was the biggest selection I've seen in Vegas.  I really enjoyed the prime rib and the DESSERTS!! On a Tuesday lunch is only $15! (I would probably pay $15 just the eat the desserts there...haha)Unlimited wine! The wait does take a while though...we waited about 40 min.But WORTH it!
5	Simply put, this is the best buffet in Vegas and definitely the best price for such a fare!  The service has consistently been good each time I've gone and the food is always impressive.  I can never eat all the dishes that I really want as I get full and still need to leave room for dessert...gelato is simply to die for along with the gourmet coffee there.  When you go there, don't load up the plate too early on in the buffet line.  They have Italian, American, Seafood, Carved meat, Sushi, and then the Asian stuff.  Last time I went, I finally got a good mix of curries with rice and it was such an adventure for my taste buds with red, green, and yellow curries blending together on my plate.  Must try for those that haven't and don't let the line or wait prevent you from going as it's definitely worth it.  For those that have gone before, I know you are the ones causing the lines to be longer!
5	Hands down, the BEST buffet in Las Vegas.  The best food, the best desserts, the best price.  Unlimited beer and wine for lunch and dinner.  AMAZING gelato.  And a barista!  Try it and you will fall in love...
4	LOVE!
5	I normally question when people advertise things as the "world's best" or "voted best by" or "best in vegas"But I can see why this is known as the best buffet in Las Vegas. The selection is awesome, the price is not gouging, and it's all fresh and g-double-o-d with me.
4	I've tried quite a few buffets in Vegas and this is by far my favorite. The price is reasonable at $31for adults and the selection is excellent! The dessert bar is to die for and the unlimited beer/wine is a big plus! Definitely a must try!
3	Hey...let's take a 25 minute drive from the strip to go to a buffet. That was my pick-up line to take a woman to dinner, actually my fiance, but no matter we had nothing else to do for dinner. When this hotel first opened back in '08, studio b was a hit, the line going beyond the provided stanchions I would have put "five on it" if I was a yelper back then, but  since my recent visit last month, I was somewhat disappointed.  They didn't switchout or refill the choices as you would expect.The best parts of the buffet are that all you can drink wine and beer are included with your meal, yes i repeat wine and beer are included with your meal (but I think it is a ploy to load up on beer so you don't waste food) the prime rib and yes of course the desserts! Ice cream galore waiting for you, well not your 31 flavors but it will do!
4	service is great food is good, but only on busy days otherwise, the food is crap....long waits so get on the platinum stations card thingy
5	I was planning on giving this buffet 4 stars because of location, but dammit I'm willing to make an exception. I consider Bellagio's buffet to be my favorite premium buffet, but this buffet makes every previous mentioning of 'my favorite buffet in Vegas' null and void, except for Bellagio's. Some buffets in Vegas make a genuine effort for quality food, and studio B does a great job of doing so, and in return, provides very reasonable dishes. I've been here quite a few times already, and my go to favorites are at the carving station, which usually has tri tip, roasted chicken cut up right in front of you, mahi mahi served on half a bamboo pole, as well as roasted turkey. Their sushi isn't all that bad either for a buffet like this, especially when they bust out segments of rainbow rolls. The variety is almost up there with Rio's, with your typical Asian (Chinese, Korean, Japanese, even Thai!), Italian, American, and Mexican food. Their desserts are in a separate section of the buffet, but they offer a good selection of gelato. Personal favorites are the banana and nougat. Another reason why I'm giving this 5 stars? Alcohol comes with the buffet!!! Last I remember they served PBR, bud light, and their own custom brew. They also offer wine if beer isn't your thing. Expect there to be a wait to get in, especially during lunch and dinner peak hours. I recall spending over an hour waiting for lunch, all while the prices have gradually gone up every time I've been in town. It's not necessarily a bad thing because their prices are still cheaper compared to a subpar buffet on the strip. Expect to drop around $15 for lunch and a little under $25 for dinner on the weekdays. Can't wait to come back here though!
4	Long lines are worth it. Stay a while and enjoy. Hit up the after coffee because their is a barista-and have her/him spike it with some coffee liquor! Also the kalbi KBBQ  and oxtail soup are a must try. Along with the unlimited beer and wine, my fav is the cider (sparkling wine) !
3	I came here for lunch on the 10th of July, 2011 and I have to say that the quality of the food has dramatically gone down from when I came here last year. The crabs used to be meaty and delicious but this time it was small, almost meatless, and not even worth the effort in eating it (it could be that it wasn't the season for crabs). In addition, they removed the two dollars off deal for player's card.The only perk that makes this place outshine the other buffets are that they have free alcohol.In my opinion, this used to be the best buffet in all of Las Vegas, but after this visit, I feel like this place is just a little better than the rest. I'm hoping that it was just a fluke, so I would come back and give it a try again the next time I'm in town.
3	When I told people (friends, coworkers, random nurses at work) I was going to Vegas, literally everyone recommended this buffet.  Everyone.  It's cheap, they explained, and the food is just as good as the Wynn.  I mean, you can't get a more solid recommendation than that.So why is it that after waiting 2 hours in line and shelling out $31.99, I felt so cheated?Okay, my family doesn't drink much, so the endless beer and wine deal was lost on us.  And I don't eat much shellfish, so the extra I had to pay for "Seafood Dinner" that weekend was also wasted.  But does that mean that on weekdays the buffet doesn't include seafood?  That's silly.Honestly everything I ate was just okay and not even cooked very well.  Prime rib, korean short ribs, lamb, pork ribs...all of the meat was tough and chewy.  And where was the meat selection?  I had to satisfy my lamb craving with tough, overly-sweetened barbecued pieces.  And the desserts...uninteresting and not as extensive a selection as the Wynn's.  My whole family agreed that we were disappointed overall with the meal and wouldn't be coming back.Without all the hype, I probably would have enjoyed Studio B a little more.  But for a buffet that calls itself "The Best Buffet in Las Vegas," it just doesn't deliver the goods.
4	I've been here a few times and have always waited in super long lines that stretched across the casino especially on their Fri and Sat seafood nights, around $30. They have a large selection of items that you would usually see at a buffet, salads, desserts, chicken, meats, and so on. They also do it with a flare and added some other delicious items not usually offered at regular buffet, awesome desserts, espessos, oysters, beer, wine, sushi, sashimi, thai dishes and a lot more. one of the only other negatives was that eventhough they have a big selection, some of the quality felt like typical buffet, tasted plain, or didn't look fresh.
5	best buffet so far and it's not even situated at the strip. the M resort looks dope it reminds me of the Aria. it's nice to be away from the strip once in awhile. we came in on a slow Sunday around 3pm and got the Seafood Buffet which cost $30, now i'm not much of a seafood eater since i'm allergic to anything that has shell in it -__- all i was able to eat was fish..no crab legs for me and that's what's the bread and butter for this place. they have endless beer and wine so you can get hammered while downing on a variety food from ribs, tri-tip, pasta, pizza and bread. they got great selection on their desserts too. will be going to this buffet from now on i'm in Vegas, definitely worth it
5	Friday- Sunday this place has the regular buffet food plus some seafood. The snow crabs come hot and cold, but I prefer the hot one because it just tastes better to me. They have so much meat in it! It is soo good. I don't really like oysters but they have raw oysters for you to eat. The sushi was not good at all. It had some weird texture.The tri tip and sirloin was SOO BOMB! They had it in medium, which is my favorite! It was soo good!!!! Their bbq ribs were also very very good, it was actually my favorite. I also got their pad thai in the asian section. OMG the best pad thai I've had ANYWHERE.Their soups are also AMAZING. I love their clam chowder and chicken noodle soup. The flavors are so deep and rich. It was VERY VERY good.Other than the food, all you can drink beer/wine! They dont have champagne but they do have cider and it was SOOO GOOOD!!! I wish I drank more.The dessert was the perfect ending to my meal. They have their own gelato bar and I got the mango gelato and it was soo good. The flavor was deep, the texture was soo smooth. The creme brulee was crispy on the top and very smooth and milky below the top. I also really liked their panna cotta. OMG the top layer with the peach wad the perfect sweetness to the cream underneath. I fell in love with this :) Those three were my favorite desserts and were the best desserts I have had ever. I am for sure going to be back!
5	Favorite Buffet in Vegas to date! But I guess it's everyone favorite buffet too wait could be as long as 2-3 hours on the weekend =/. We waited in line  for their Sunday Seafood Buffet around 3pm for about 1 hour. When we left the line was even longer! The buffet was delicious so much selection and for $31 it includes all you can drink beer and wine. Some of my favorite dishes were Prime Rib, Tri Tip, Kalbi ,  Oysters, Snow Crabs, Shrimp, Pai Thai, Beef Curry, flan, and ice cream!. Some of my not so favorite dishes were the sushi, osso buco , mahi mahi, and the chicken. Totally worth the 20 minute drive from the strip... not to mention the hotel is really pretty looking!
5	This is one of my new favorite buffet in Vegas even though it's away from the actual strip. It's the first hotel you see coming to Vegas as the M Resort. There buffet is really good. They offer unlimited wine and beer as well so that's a plus. They have many selections on seafood such as fresh king crab legs to fresh oysters. They have a mini bar and a dessert aisle as well. From Asian to mexican to American cuisine. It's all there. Great and friendly services. P.S. Come during late lunch hours so then you don't have to pay for dinner :) saves you $$
5	It's been a long time since I've been to Vegas - and wow its changed a LOT! This Buffet is just awesome - Lunch was $15 and there was a lot of food to choose from, this buffet even includes beer & wine & has an expresso bar. Talk about fancy smancy - all at a decent price too.The only thing is this resort is way off the strip.
5	THE MOST WORTH IT BUFFET!! aside from bellagio, this place is very good and worth it. very wide selection of food and theres free unlimited beer/wine! i loved the prime rib and tri tip. excellent au jus to go with the meat. for seafood, i loved the muscles with this orange mayonnaise sauce on top. it was bombbb. i also liked the baked mahi mahi. it was very crusty and flavorful. sushi wasnt that great though. all in all, this was very good! came around 5:45PM and ended up getting in at 7PM on a saturday night. dinner was $31.99
4	We came here for breakfast and stayed for lunch on the way back to Cali on one of our visits and it was our first time. They AMAZED me! They had eggs benedict that was done so right! The poached egg and sauce...MmmmWe came and checked in at 10:30 am so we only had to pay for breakfast which was $9.99 per person. Best $20 buck me and the hubby ever spent in Vegas! There was so many selections, again, we were impressed. So impressed that when came back to vegas, we wanted to try their dinner.This is where I knocked down one star. Majority of the dishes I saw for a saturday dinner were the same ones I saw for a monday breakfast/lunch. But nontheless, it was pretty good. Just not worth $35 for dinner in my opinion.
1	Man been in Vegas for 6 days and this was the one place my mom wanted to eat at.  The service was terrible.  We were the only people in line and I leaned against the wall looking at the sign that says wait until you are called. I  watched 3 cashiers not even want to take our money.  I haven't seen the waitress in 30 minutes.  The food is below average at best.  the free wine and beer would be nice but I'm not drinking this morning.  I'm sure it would make the food taste better if I was.  I can't believe I drove 25 minutes just for this.  The scary thought to me is my 8 year old even thinks this isn't good.
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas. I go specifically for the seafood brunch on the weekend. Crab legs, breakfast food, and unlimited wine and beer? Doesn't get much better than that. Besides the unlimited drinks pretty much standard buffet fair (prime rib, soup, pizza, salad bar, etc..) but there are a few things that set this place apart. Made to order coffee and espresso? What's better than a good caramel macchiato after you've stuffed yourself with crab and beer? Not a whole lot. Their dessert selections are unique too. They have crepes, gelato, creme brulee, and cute little layered dessert cups. Expect to wait if you're there during peak hours. If you have thought about trying this buffet, but don't want to make the trek halfway to state line pull a Nike and just do it. Worth every penny and every mile you have to travel.
5	This is my first time dinning at Studio B. After browsed other Yelps' reviews, I decided to give it a try. This is a brand new resort and everything, including decors, is fresh and exciting. I love the layout of the restaurant. Service is exceptional, although I my table was busted out as I was waiting in the long line at the desert bar.
5	LOVE this buffet. Have made it a priority to stop in here my last 3 Vegas trips because I was that satisfied. I came once before summer season and the Sunday Seafood Brunch was $28. Came again in mid-July and the price came out to $34. They have everything that I would want at a Vegas buffet. Prime rib and crab legs are my fav! It's pretty hard to get to all the stations before tapping out. You'd have to get really small portions, but how can you resist?! Everything is so good!!! They even have sushi and sashimi salad! Any place that serves all you can eat sashimi salad is awesome! Also, my sweet tooth is IN LOVE with the dessert buffet. So many options and...gelato!!! They also have all you can drink beer and wine. Since I usually come on Sundays I'm done partying and pass on the alcohol. But if you're down for some unlimited drinking AND eating buffet this is the place to go. During the busy season be careful for the long lines; usually during noon and 6 pm. Waiting is all worth it though. Studio B Buffet at the M Resort is my absolute favorite buffet spot in Vegas.
3	With all the hypes, we had high expectation going in... but big disappointment !  Our group of 11 people, none of us was impressed.We waited in line for 1.5 hours on a Sunday evening at around 7pm.  We were finally seated at about 8:30pm.  The selection and variety of food was admirable, but the quality of the food was lacking to say the least.  No Lobster !!!  Only crab legs, but they don't look that appealing either.  Sushi rolls selection was the most limited I've ever seen at any buffet of this caliber.Deserving high points is the dessert isle.  This buffet offers something that few places do is free, unlimited beer and wine.  The wine selection is quite good.
4	Located off the actual strip. It's about 15 minutes away, located in the M hotel. The line is SUPER SUPER long...but I have to say this is the best buffet ever! $33 for weekends lunch/dinner, which includes unlimited food & alcohol. Man...the buffet was SO big.. I had no idea where to START!!I am taking 1 star off for the almost 2 hour wait... DON'T COME HERE SUPER HUNGRY, because you will be pissed, starving and ready to kill someone.
4	You know you're a fatty when the only French word you know is "buffet," ..admit it..4.5! Possibly one of the best buffets in Vegas. It's located in the really nice, but also empty M Resort 10 miles off the strip.I'm always skeptical of buffets with a large variety of "ethnic foods," but everything was generally great. I especially loved the layout of this buffet! HUGE!- A large island in the middle for meat carvings: prime rib (my fav!), mahi mahi cooked on a fancy bamboo stalk, roasted chicken, and more.- The seafood stations divided by cold and hot. So the chilled crab legs were by the raw oysters and there was also hot crab legs, yay!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?userid=QMqSgBqSrlRhz2B0UiORjw- Never ending dessert station. My friend and I looked at the tiny plates provided for the desserts, and we made a detour to grab some large plates: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=LR3Fm9zcy0ayy1BF4BikkA variety! Possibly 30% of what I consumed consisted of creme brulee....- AYCE beer (on tap) and wine station. Didn't get to take advantage of this yet, but definitely will next time! They also have cider on tap- Coffee bar at the end of the dessert station, so I ended my meal and desserts with a nice cappuccino.I never have conversations with the people who prep and cook buffet foods, but the staff and cooks were so nice!Sat & Sun: Seafood Brunch & Dinner $33.99Saturday: until 2 p.m. buy one, get one free!**even struggling to type this review because of my pudgy fingers**
5	All you can drink wine and beer!As if that's not enough to direct your feet towards Studio B Buffet in M Resort, the $14.99 Lunch price adds to the already long list of reasons why you must try this place at least once if you're heading to Vegas.The food is exquisite for buffet food standards.  Cuisine from Thailand to Greece are represented well in this United Nations of good food.  For those that like to eat rabbit food-ahem, I mean healthy-you'll find enough salad variety to satiate your healthy appetite.  For those that prefer carbs, protein, and general greasiness, you'll be happy too. If you're like me, on both sides of the fence, stop thinking and go eat already!The atmosphere promotes relaxation.  The spacious, high ceiling dining room presents itself like what your appetite should be like when you're here: huge.  The colors remind me of autumn, but that's what get's you to eat; warm colors like red and orange that fast food restaurants swear by, additionally, spreads warmth and a carefree attitude that is further encouraged by the unlimited wine and beer.  The desserts, oh the desserts!  I'll let you find out for yourself, but I must say, I try all the ice cream flavors just for kicks.I always get the rose wine but I recently tried the cider: it's crisp, refreshing, not too sweet, and perfect!  Studio B is and will always be my first stop on the way to the strip.
4	For 35$ for 2 people, this buffet was well worth it. Lots of variety, but quantity isn't always quality.  At least half + of the food was good and the other half could use more attention.  The honey glazed ham that I got was VERY salty, not sweet at all.  The tri tip and turkey on the other hand though was good.  Their BBQ flavored stuff was too sweet to me, I'm used to a more smokey taste.  Their desert station though was great. I would not mind coming here again.
4	We arrived in line at 6:10 pm on Saturday night.  We waited in line for about 2 hours 15 minutes till we got seated for a table of 3.  Once seated the inside of the buffet is very impressive.  Everything is very nice to look at.  All the food is changed out alot so it is all hot and fresh.  Every thing had a good taste...the oysters were very good and I preferred the hot crab over the cold crab.  The cost is $34.00 per person and the wait is awful because it is so long and a cocktail waitress never came to the buffet to take drink orders so we were really thristy when we got our table.  I would give 5 stars of line moved faster and if we could get drinks well in line
5	I rarely give out five stars, but if you check my "last meal on earth" according to my yelp profile, then you'll get why! Mmmm buffet, seafood that is!!!I've been here a couple of times with my family (meaning I'm a starving student) and although it's far from the strip, it's worth the drive. Plus, I love how the hotel smells (front desk)... It smells so new and there's some perfume they probably use to keep it smelling sweet and fresh. Anyways, back to the food, only been here for dinner. There's plenty to choose from: I love the shrimp scampi, crab legs, sushi, whatever dish they come up with that has seafood in it. I also love their deserts, you can choose from different types of cakes, macaroons, tarts, crepes, to gelato. And did I tell you there's wine and beer, I went to the bar twice I think. This is probably my go to buffet place every time I visit Vegas...
4	Best buffet in Las Vegas? Quite possibly. Unfortunately I think the Bellagio has the edge in freshness and more unique food items, but the M Buffet gives it a run for its money.*SNAPS* for Studio B for seriously giving a TON of choices!It's $33.99 for a seafood brunch (which basically lasts ALLLLLL weekend). THINGS I NOTICED:- Sashimi had some FUNKY tasting toro (tuna). Very questionable.- HOT & COLD crab legs! I hate it when buffets give ICED crab legs. - Raw oysters that did not seem very fresh.- Good dessert bar that offers unlimited barista coffee drinks!- Why is there no restroom INSIDE the buffet?- Long wait. SERIOUSLY long wait.A Las Vegas native informed me that the buffet is BOGO Free on Saturdays before 2pm. I cannot confirm this myself...but if its true then Oh My Goodness.
5	All time fav casino buffet, best food best variety, endless drinks, always packed. The long lines are the only bad thing. Panda win.
3	I remember going to the M Buffet the first time they opened.  They were arguably the best buffet in town, beating the Wynn Buffet (at the time Wicked Spoon was nonexistent). However, over the years I've revisited the M Buffet, I've been slightly disappointed each time.The lines seem to get longer and longer everytime I go back.  It doesn't matter how early my party and I plan to get there, we always end up waiting 45 minutes to an hour.  One time, the line was so long we just decided to eat at Hash House a Go Go right next door.I'm a fan of meats (like all buffet lovers should be) but for some reason the quality seems to fall short compared to the first time I ate there.  I can't exactly pinpoint it.  Something just seems off.I've also noticed the selection is not as big as Wynn or Wicked Spoon.  Of course Buffets should be equally great in quality and quantity, so I can't complain.It's still a great buffet but I just can't see myself going there anymore, because they can't get their line problem figured out.  The hardest thing for a hungry man to endure is waiting in an endless line, knowing that a few feet away lies a buffet.  I went during peak times to Wicked Spoon and my party of four still managed to get in within 25 minutes.  Wicked Spoon and Wynn has shorter lines and the same tasting, if not, better dishes available.  Personally, there's just no winning point for Studio B anymore.
5	I was never really into oysters until a friend insisted I try it with horseradish. And I did .. soo good. And we were eating with a friend and he made it look so good with lemon and tapatio. And it was. So I like oysters now apparently. Hah. The prime rib here was amazing. I can go on! So here's what I remember having yesterday;OystersKing Crab LegsOsso Buco [it's bone marrow is even better than the meat]Pad ThaiOx Tail SoupChicken FlorentineMahi Mahi on Bamboo
5	15 dollar lunch that includes chinese style ginger and onion dungeness crab, prime rib, and all you can drink wine, beer, and cider.  OMG, are you effin kidding me?  Did these guys fail business school?  It's located right when you go into Vegas....so hit it up going in and out of the town.
2	This review is based solely on my only visit for breakfast/lunch. - Looong line (arrived at 9:45 for breakfast, waited 45 min., got in at 10:30 and got charged for lunch) - Typical buffet. Nothing stood out in terms of food taste or quality.- Too many fried and salty items. - Even the desserts were saccharine for my palate. - The Korean short ribs were ok, but again a bit salty. - Overhyped, or I may have caught them on a bad day.
5	Probably the best buffet in Nevada.  Excellent selection to satisfy anyone's taste.  It' taste even better if your meal is comped.  M Resort is a great place to eat, play and stay.  If you're a member of their players club you get seated faster and have VIP Seating.
4	Uhh ok what on earth is everyone talking about this place being the best buffet ever??? This place is good but its not THAT good...I went here for the seafood buffet dinner which is what I heard everyone comes here for and honestly I wasn't that impressed. I admit, there are some selections that I felt tasted very good and very high in quality, but only a few. Everything else was mediocre, better than other buffets like TI but not worth all the hype. I guess a plus was the free wine and beer, that's probably why its so expensive? The dessert section was alright, pretty standard for a good buffet. In my opinion, I still think the wynn buffet is better...maybe even the carnival world buffet in rio too. And for a seafood buffet...they could have had a way better selection of sushi. I was expecting seafood choices more than just the crab legs and shrimp since it was talked about so much from yelp and everyone else. The mahi mahi wasn't that great and the prime rib was kinda dry. Bottom line...I wouldn't waste my time driving from the strip to wait in traffic and then an hour+ in the line and pay $35. I give it 3.5 - 4 stars because overall it is pretty good but it doesn't deserve all of this attention.
3	Good and a large selection to choose from. Best Buffet in Vegas? Ehhh, no.Love the oxtail soup, minus the peanuts.Great desserts, favs are flan and creme brule.
2	I went here for a birthday brunch and man did I leave bummed out. Crab was dry and I could tell it was left over from the day before and was just reheated. What really ruined the entire experience was the horrendous service. I did get there earlier than usual (around 9 am) to avoid the line and I guess they don't have bussers on staff until later in the day. With that being said I understand the wait staff being busy, but why take away a glass of water and not replace it with more? Even when I asked for another glass three times, it never came. Not to mention the waiter that came with a pitcher of iced tea to fill up my coke. I even asked him, "is that coke because that's what I'm drinking" before he poured it. After eating the old crab, and washing it down with my coke/iced tea concoction I didn't even want anything else. This was my favorite buffet, but I know that there is no way I would be back.
5	This is by far the best value in buffets in the vegas area.Have been asked repeatedly by a friend if I had tried the Buffet @ The M Casino and finally decided to give it a try.Went at 2:15 in the afternoon on a thursday and waited an hour to get in.If you know me you might know that I am slightly impatient.  Well standing in line speaking with a few locals eased the pain of the wait.Well worth the wait, Never was able to get to the opposite end because I was so full of the great food selection.I never even made it to the desert bar (just amazing looking), Way to full .Just another note, Beer & Wine included in lunch & dinner buffets.2 Thumbs up from this foodie !Also ran into Michael Jackson's dad Joe here.
5	I arrived on a Friday afternoon at 12.25pm and I stood in line for 5 minutes.  After paying the cashier I waited an additional 3 minutes to be seated.  I couldn't believe my luck.The food overall was excellent.The restaurant was about 65% occupied.The food stations were clean, the food was colorful and the food options were endless.  There is something here even for the fussiest of diners.  Plenty of seafood dishes to choose from.  The dessert selection is outstanding.My waitress was friendly and attentive and checked on me four times.  As did the neighboring waitress who checked on me twice.I have read negative reviews about the staff, but on this occasion they were all excellent.For those who like cappuccino's, beer and wine included in the price, you can't beat the price. This is one of the best lunch buffets in town and I will definitely be returning.
4	Grab a drink while waiting in line for the Sunday Seafood Brunch cuz the line is long! Luckily for us we came before 11 when the madness started. As for the food my only complaint is that they should buff up the sushi section a little. The rice is a little hard and the sushi fish was dry. Otherwise, you get the hallmark carving station with the prime rib, the selection of Asian to Italian cuisines and my favorite the desserts! You also can't hate on the unlimited beer and wine that comes with lunches and dinners. A must try!
3	it was okay free beer 15.99 for lunch i prefer a different buffer
5	Great service! They made something by request n  delivered it to my table.
5	You can't go to vegas without stopping by the Studio B at the M.  $20 bucks for all you can eat seafood on weekends!  Great variety of food, clean, good service, and best of all unlimited beer and wine.  They also have a great assortment of desserts.  Easily one of the best buffets in vegas.. and I've been to them all.
4	One of the most delicious buffets i have ever had!  The main attraction of the buffet?  The amazing hot crab legs and dessert selection, oh and the booze too.  My boyfriend and i stopped at the M Resort on our way back to California.  it was only 10am and i was eating like a fat little piglet.  I ate so much, our server looked at me and said, "I can really tell you enjoyed and got your moneys worth at the buffet."  Um rude. Let me eat in peace fool!There is such a large selection of amazing food at this buffet.  Sure the sushi was a little blah, but the lamb was delish as well as the oysters, mussels, and Korean BBQ.  I'll have to admit i stuffed my face with crab legs so i couldn't fit a lot of the other food in.  I wanted to be a fat kid and save room for the good stuff.  This buffet is way better than the Wynn, which we had the day before.The desserts were AMAZING.  I had two plates full of sweets! Even though i was full of crab legs.
5	This casino is outside the strip, about a 10 minute drive, so it's not a bad drive.  This place is super popular even though it is a little out of the way, there's always a line.  They are known for  their "seafood" buffet on the weekends and I'm not sure if it's at night as well.  On seafood weekends they have fresh raw oysters, shrimp cocktail, crab legs ( I'm not sure if its king or snow ), cooked clams, and some other seafood dishes.  Then they have different cuisines like Greek, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Spanish and even Hawaiian.  It's a pretty long snake like buffet line with craving areas too, on the weekends and for dinner they have prime rib - yum!There's also free wine, beer, lattes and espresso (please remember to tip!) and they have a gelato and sorbetto station which is awesome!  For the ice cream or cappuccinos, please remember to stand on the dessert line, it's rude to cut.  My favorites from this place are their baked ziti, clam dish, prime rib with sweet potatoes and mashed potatoes and string beans, spicy tuna rolls, oxtail dish, shrimp cocktails, the warm snow crabs (they also have the chilled ones and I feel like they are super salty), cream brulee, flan, chocolate chip cookies (they bake it fresh!) and the gelato.  It's nice to be able to get a fresh cup of cappuccino to go with my dessert too, so that's a huge plus!If you sign up for their players card and gamble a little, they send you flyers for buy one get one free for the buffet which we always take advantage of. This in my mind has topped Bellgio's buffet.
5	Despite the 2-hour wait (yay, Friday evenings), I am giving this place five stars. I had a crabload of crab to make the best of the $33.99, and the warm crab is so much better than the frozen cra(p) at many buffets. Even having to crack open the crab yourself isn't a problem, and it could be an advantage if you wanna slow down your pace.I have no idea why the Yelp reviews that I read didn't mention the strange utensil that they provide to crack the crab, but yeah... it's actually pretty cool once you figure out that you have to find the soft parts of the shells (crack toward the wide sides, not the hard corners). Oh, and make sure the pointy end goes in.More importantly.. . rum raisin gelato! Most of the other flavors that I tried were great (mango, chocolate chip, strawberry, peanut butter), but rum raisin has always been my favorite. The stuff at this buffet has like 5x the raisins as Haagen Dazs. Heck, pretty much all of the gelato here is way better than any ice cream and most desserts at Vegas buffets. I just wish I had a chance to try the coffee flavor before it ran out, but I guess I'll live... or come back.Wine was decent and beer was fine according to tablemates. Orange juice was way too sweet, so ask them to give you half a glass or something so you can pour your drinking water into it until it's no longer orange sugar water. I enjoy sweet things, but not like this...Other things to try: roast beef tri-tip (pink-er = tender-er), korean BBQ (flavor might be smeared on but texture is good), osso bucco (broken-down marrow and cartilage somehow are awesome)Stuff to skip: sushi (looks like crap compared to real sushi buffets), anything starchy (too filling), anything you'd find at a fast food place (pizza, fries, much of the Asian area... looking at you) Finally, please go earlier than I did.
5	For lunch buffets based on quality, price and selection this is the best I've tasted.I was a bit pissed waiting almost an hour to get in, but when it was our turn I understood why. Let me give you some tips when you encounter a buffet like this...Don't be stupid and get things you can get anywhere: chinese food, pizza, fried chicken, pasta, etc. That is what they want you to do. A real player knows to get the seafood, meats and other exotic things that set a buffet apart. There are places to get the "normal" foods I mentioned before...it's call hometown buffet, look it up. I thought the prime rib stood out and honestly, the gelato bar impressed me. I did my best to pace myself and not feel like I was going to throw up (my usual experience) Instead I only had a couple plates of food, trying completely new things each time and saving room for dessert. I'm glad I did because the pistachio gelato and pistachio mousse w/ raspberry sauce was amazing. I'd highly recommend coming here as you leave the strip. There's a reason why most locals come here and why it gets high ratings. The strip food is mostly smoke the mirrors, for those who take food seriously this is the buffet you should be preparing for.
5	Olga G., you are an awesome person! $33.99 seafood brunch buffet with beer and wine included?! I am SO there!Come on, if you come to Vegas on a weekend expect a line at the buffet ESPECIALLY if you come during lunch time! I hate people who complain overly much about waiting at a buffet line. DUH, if there're people waiting there's a reason for it.Overwhelming is the first word I would use. This place is HUGE and with so many offerings, I wish I had multiple stomachs. Whatever your heart desires, they'll have it here. I love the oysters, they were fresh and succulent. I usually get my money's worth with the prime rib and today was no exception. The dessert section is where I usually gauge the "awesomeness" of a buffet and Studio B delivers. Dozens of choices and they also have a gelato case with many flavor choices but also...get this...a barrista! You can get your deluxe cappuccino and lattes included in the price of your buffet. I had overindulged this past weekend with alcoholic spirts so I had safe Coke and an after-meal coffee. Wine and beer IS included in your admission which makes the $33.99 a terrific value. I'm considering just spending a weekend at the M Resort just to indulge in their buffet.
4	I came here in a group of 5 at 2:33pm on a Saturday.  Their lunch price ended at 2:30pm and they would not allow us to have the lunch price.  We were charged the dinner price at $35 per person.  There wasn't a bad wait.  We left around 4pm and there was a bunch of people waiting in line.  I would say their food is good for buffet food.  I am a huge seafood fan and they had crabs that were cooked 3 different ways, clams, raw oysters, shrimp cocktails, fishes, and some sushis.  Their meat selection was also good.  My favorite were the ribs.  I loved that they had extra sauce on the side.  Thats about all the food I ate.  As for dessert, they were all mediocre, but my favorite was the creme burlee.  The buffet also offers drinks such as espressos, cappuccinos, and different lattes.  They have 4 types of beer and 3 types of wines.  They also have root beer that they made.  The service was very good.  They guy was constantly taking our finished plates and was very courteous.  Ordered drinks also came out fast.  Overall, they have have good food for a buffet, but I would not say its the best food ever.  My disappointments were the sushis and desserts.  However, its a good place to check out if the wait isnt bad and if you are willing to make the drive from the strip.  It's the best buffet right now in Vegas.  For $35 per person, its reasonable.
4	Wow, what can I say, this is probably THE best buffet that I have ever been to!!First off, the selection and quality of food is incredible!! They have a LARGE selection of various types of foods....including lots of different types of seafood, gelato, and even wine!As any seasoned buffet diner knows, don't go for the pizza and fried chicken.....but instead, go for the exotic and expensive foods such as king crab legs, clams, mussels, fish, prime rib, etc.As such, I went around the buffet area and grabbed A LOT of different foods and to my surprise, everything tasted good! The quality really surprised me for a buffet....usually buffet quality food is just MEH, but the food here was outstanding. The prime rib was probably the best dish that I had all night. The prime rib was cooked just right, tender and juicy with an appropriate amount of juices retained in the meat.The gelato bar also had a multitude of flavors and each one of them tasted great. The wine bar was fantastic as well, as you could go up and request any wine and/or beer that you wanted.Secondly, the pricing here is reasonable, quite possibly cheaper than the Bellagio Buiffet and the Wynn Buffet!The only downside to this place is that it is far away from the strip....which means you have to take a long taxi ride here. If I remember correctly, the taxi ride was about $30-$40 bucks one way.In any case, if you come to Vegas for a buffet, and you have the time, definitely check out this buffet as it surpasses all of the other buffets in Vegas!!
5	Still great after all this time! This place has almost become a "must eat" place every time we are leaving Vegas.My main draw is still their all you can drink beers. This time they had beers like Warsteiner and Pabst Blue Ribbon. Food wise? Still crazy awesome. Sushi, Korean short ribs, and more.It sucks to wait in the long lines but you fast forget all that wait as you nom down on the vast selection of foods
5	5* based on price alone.  I don't think you will find a better deal anywhere for a brunch buffet like this and it's only $17.
5	Awesome buffet!! The best in Vegas in my opinion. So many choices and so much good quality food. All you can drink beer and wine are included with the buffet. Cappuccino/Latte's are  available upon request at the dessert section. Will definitely be eating here again on my next Vegas trip!! :)
4	Came here because I heard so many great things about it, from tourists to locals.  Damn! am I happy I came.#1 Prime Rib - Wait for a fresh one and get the end cut.  You will not be disappointed.  Tasted so damn good that I didn't even want au jois or A1 or Tabasco.  I didn't want to spoil the taste with other sauces, even if they help enhance it. Best Prime rib I have ever eaten, melts in your mother fucking mouth! *WARNING*  Do not, I repeat Do NOT, start with this dish first, it will ruin everything else in the buffet for you because it is so damn good.  By the end of my meal I went back for seconds.#2 Mac and Cheese One of the best Mac and Cheeses I have ever tasted.  Enough said.#3 Maybe the Green Sauce and Pork in the Mexican section, this was pretty good, soft pieces of pork.Other dishes that stood out was the sweet mashed potatos with marshmallows, Clams, Mussels, and Tempura Shrimp. Everything else was so-so.  Even so it is still one of the buffets you must hit up.  I'm not sure if it is the best in Vegas, but I was not disappointed.The deserts:  Chocolate Rice Krispies and Gelato.  The Ice Cream was great.$26 a person on a Weekday, free Wine and Beer.By the end of the meal I was so full I wanted to throw up.  We went for a feast and left more than satisfied.The only complaint I have is that it is far away.  Other than that, everyone that comes to Vegas must go at least once in their life.
5	I am a Vegas buffet aficionado. I have eaten at most of the supposedly top buffets including the Bellagio, Wynn, M, Red Rock, Mirage and the Wicked Spoon.  There is zero doubt in my mind that the M Resort Buffet is the best value hands down.  The M, at weekday lunch, is $16,and  includes beer, wine and coffee liquors.  More importantly, the food is outstanding on every level - taste, preparation, variety.  A couple of things here and there that are just so-so, but overall, the food is remarkably good.  TIP:  Take tiny portions of everything that looks good.  Savor each bite.  Appreciate it.  Don't just woof it down like a seagull!  Take your time and enjoy.  There's plenty of time and food.  Without a doubt, the M is the buffet to beat. The Wynn and Bellagio are also excellent, but they are much more expensive.
3	So I read all the reviews on this place and thought it's be fabulous. My husband and I got there at a little before four on a Tuesday evening. We didn't have a long wait at all and only got charged the lunch price even though dinner was just five minutes away. Between the two of us we tried a little bit of everything they had to offer. The beef dishes we had I loved (prime rib, tri tip, steaks and a beef stew} the fish dishes were so so the Hawaiian poke and lomi lomi inedible the shell fish was just ok. They did have a nice selection of different foods and three different carving station as well as Italian and Chinese. The food was good but I truly believe the people giving it 4 or 5 stars are giving it that for the all you can drink beer and wine I had a couple glasses of the wine both were cheap and not worth drinking loved the on tap root beer. The dessert were 4 star worthy most buffets I've been to lack in that department but the passion fruit and wild berry panna cotta and mini brulees were amazing great cream puffs better then any I've ever had. A great variety of gelatos and an espresso bar. All in all yes I would come again most likely for lunch because I don't think it's worth 25 dollars but is well worth 16 and the casino is very beautiful definitely  worth a look. But is it the best buffet I've ever had no it isn't and the alcohol isn't good enough to get drunk enough to think so
5	This place is hands down the best buffet in all of Las Vegas, yes that even means the Wynn buffet. If you come here, get here at 2 so you get some of  the lunch items along with the dinner stuff.The quality is a lot better than the rest as you can tell with their roasted meats. Compared to other places, the prime rib here is roasted in smaller batches which only means quality. If they're all out they have another one roasting away to perfection rather than a slab that has been sitting there for an hour. They also have sides of horseradish cream and grated horseradish, I prefer mixing both and it compliments the meat very well. I also like the fact that they also serve raw oysters along with their shrimp and crab legs. The king crab legs are pretty decent in size and they will never run out. The butter they serve with this is waayy too salty and is not clarified whatsoever big no, no. Another advantage this place has is the all-you-can-drink bar that serves wine, beer, alcoholic cider even root beer on tap!! However if you like asian food this place is not the spot to go, the sushi here is less than average, the pad thai tastes like dog biscuits (trust me I've tried them) and all the stir fried items seemed coaxed with gloppy corn starch thickened sauces. As for their desserts, there were sooo many I couldn't decide what to grab, for the most part they're all great but you must get the Creme Brulee.Some things to try:-Crab Legs-Oysters-Prime Rib-Roasted Lamb -Lamb Osso Bucco (go straight for the marrow and skip the meat itself! trust me on this!)-Ox Tail Soup-Wood baked Salmon-Creme Brulee-Espresso to finish at the dessert bar!
5	Selection of food / drink and service are all great.Only downside is the wait time during peak hours (holiday / weekend dinners)But food is worth the wait.
5	Love this buffet. Just need to remember to come to bit earlier to beat the rush. Great options and the seafood selection is amazing. Crabs are great and the oysters are fresh.
5	This buffet is super yummy!  My mouth is watering just thinking about it as I write this review!  Last Saturday night was the first time my husband and I ate here and we were not disappointed!  They serve a wide variety of ethnic food. These types of food included Italian, Mediterranean, Thai, American, and Japanese.  There might even be a few that I didn't include here.  The prime rib and crab were delicious, and let's not forget the creme brulee!  The unlimited wine and beer bar was great also!
3	So I finally got to try this place after reading all the reviews and check-ins that my fellow yelpers had.Unfortunately, it really isn't the best buffet I have had. Nothing was horrible nor was anything super delicious. I just found that the cheapest and nothing ordinary type dishes are simply the best they had here. I suppose the drinks are pretty cool as drinks, beer, and wine are all included. They had ROOT BEER on tap! As a root beer lover, this also fell flat. It was just simply too sweet! You can make yourself a root beer float as the ice cream area is just right next to it.Other than that, I would say save your tummy and drive a little further to what we all refer to as the VEGAS STRIP. Oh, and one more thing, the line is super long. Good Luck!
5	PROS: - KALUA pig is my favorite thing here. hoahhhh yea braahhhh.!! - unlimited wine and beer is included with your meal!- Lunch is 16 bucks and dinner is 36 bucks. CONS:- the occassional line of 40 people.- crab legs and oysters are NOT served until dinner (which starts at 4pm).
5	Best buffet in Vegas hands down!  The only tough part is if you're staying on the strip..............we learned the hard way.  Cabbing over is ~$40 -- we'll rent a car  or drive next time!We were there on a Saturday around 1 pm and there was surprisingly no line!  The weekend seafood brunch is now $33.99, but it was well worth it!I've never been to a buffet with such fresh crab legs. And this is SNOW crab, not the chewy bland king crab legs that you can find anywhere else.  They offer both hot and cold versions, along with a ginger-stir fried version in the Asian cuisine section. I found the hot version to be the best (the stir-fried version had meat that was dried out probably because it was kept over heat)...the best meaning I had two plates of snow crab legs all to myself.  AH!There is a round carving/meat station in the center of the buffet where you can find prime rib (and a variety of sauces), NY steak, salmon, rotisserie chicken, fried chicken, turkey, pork, etc......There's an entire row dedicated to salads and fruit.  Their soups included lobster bisque (which was quite delicious!)  For the ethnic stations, I really appreciated the more authentic-style Asian dishes such as eggplant with black bean sauce (pretty decent!), braised oxtail, and yuxiang beef (though I would have preferred it cooked with the more traditional pork).  You don't typically see these served at other buffets.  There was also sushi and Thai.Their fruit was super sweet and fresh and their dessert station is to die for!  The selection was almost too much to bear -- too little stomach space left ='(, but such a feast for the eyes.  But I did the wasteful thing (bad me, I know) and tried like 10 things because I couldn't resist.  The flan and creme brulee = AMAZING. The chocolate souffle could be more chocolatey (but I'm a chocolate snob) and the fruit tart could have had slightly more custard and less crust.  Overall, everything I tried was great!Definitely looking forward to my next trip out here!
5	DAMN, where do I begin?? The nice ass M Resort is already ballerific and their buffet was just as excellent!First off, my girls and I waited a good 10 minutes in line for their lunch buffet at a price of $15.99. WHAT A DEAL!Once we paid and were seated, drink orders were taken by our hostess and we were off to stuff our faces :)They have an amazing selection of salads, Mexican food, Asian food (including sushi, though the rice was stale), Indian food, American food and freshly cut prime rib, turkey and ham! Mashed potatoes and macaroni cheese with ham was a hit as well as pozole was delicious. Like many other buffets, the dessert section was holy. Tiramisu, oreo shake, cheesecake and even gelato at your service was definitely a touch of heaven :)And did I mention wine and beer on tap? I didn't get a glass but I tried my friend's red wine and they don't mess around lol :PI miss eating here and I miss eating buffet style so I would definitely come back here next time I'm on my way to Sin City!!
5	This review is for the weekday lunch buffet - $15.99!!!For the selection, quality, and price, it can't be beat! I normally don't do well at buffets simply because I can't eat that much in a single seating.  However, this place is bombdigity!! I filled myself up crab legs and claws and washed it down with coffee lattes and baileys! oh yeah, that's how I like to start my mornings!Notes for 1st timers:Beer, wine, cider are located near the entrance. Coffee (lattes, mochas, etc.) are located by the dessert bar. Stay away from the sushi.  Everything else tasted like what it was!  Will definitely try their seafood dinner buffet next time I'm in town.
5	Studio B is quite possibly the BEST buffet in all of Las Vegas. It sucks that this place is nowhere close to being on the strip & can rack you in over $30 a taxi ride just to get here if you don't have a car, but it's so worth it.The seafood dinner is the single most greatest thing in the world for the price of $34 (on weekends). It isn't seafood dinner the rest of the week & can be priced at $24, but still, those prices are amazing compared to other buffets in Vegas. The line can get pretty long on those weekends, so plan accordingly. But the options are endless! There's a section for almost every possible type of cuisine you can find in Vegas. Crab legs, oysters, shrimp, Korean BBQ, steaks, Rotisserie, it's endless. And bottomless wine and beer? Definitely can't be beat. Their dessert bar is super full and neatly presented, includes gelato.Best of the best.
4	I waited in line for 2 hours and it was worth the wait!  I am so glad that I am a stubborn b--- and got everyone to stick it out in line.  The variety and quality of food was exceptional.  My favorites were the osso bucco, gelato, creme brulee, lattes, wine, and root beer on tap.  Their creme brulee was amazingly crispy on top.  I cracked it like Amelie and enjoyed every bite.  However, I was not too impressed with their Kalua pig and cabbage.  And, I stayed away from most of their asian dishes because asian inspired buffet dishes are almost always underwhelming.  Although, the pad thai was not that bad.  But, I'm not sure if it is because I don't normally eat pad thai and  I'm not really familiar with how it is supposed to taste.  Regardless, I enjoyed their pad thai and went back for seconds.  I would definitely go back again.  But, I'm not sure I have the patience to wait 2 hours in line again.
5	I really think this buffet at Las Vegas deserves 5+ stars! Absolutely the best buffet you can have at Vegas! Large vareity of food and seafood menu on weekends & holidays! My personal favorite item there is the warm cooked crab legs with melted butter! I dont think many if any other buffet serves their crab legs the way M Resort does it! Price has gone up quite a bit since I first started going (a couple years back), but even with the price going up many many people like myself still go back everytime I'm at Vegas!More other pros about this buffet is there are FREE beer and house wine (both white and red)! You cant beat that anywhere else! Service is usually pretty good. Always refilling drinks at the right time never really had to wait for the waiter/waitress to bring something you requested.One big down side about this place is the ridiculous wait time. I mean on just an average weekend you can be in line for about 1 to 2 hours. If you are thinking about a holiday weekend, hahaha good luck because I've seen/heard of wait times over 3 hours!
5	OMG. Food so good! Bellagio Buffrt was good for their seafood but overall, Stufio B is definitely better! Variety of food from all over. Great taste. Beer and wine included in the price for their beverage selection AND for only $15.99. GREAT deal!
5	What else can be said about the excellent Studio B Buffet at the M? It's my favorite buffet in the whole Las Vegas valley, and I've just about been to them all.Great selection of food, well prepared and presented. Excellent meats by the grill area, and the desserts are superb. It's the only buffet I'm aware of where beer and wine are included as free drinks, which is really a nice touch.The high ceilings, open layout, and big video screens give the place a bright, modern feel. Much slicker than most any other buffet - many of which feel like they're in a cave.Did I mention they serve bottomless beer and wine?I actually prefer the M slightly to even the Wynn or Bellagio purely on the dining experience. But it's also closer, cheaper, and has shorter lines. It's truly an all-around great place.
5	Locals always talk about how this place is awesome. And yeah, yeah I'll have to agree with them.It's not a pretentious, over-the-top type of buffet with Grecian pillars or floral murals or anything. It's just a clean and circular space with a whole bunch of your typical buffet fare. Food quality was great. Service was also good. Price is never too steep because they give out coupons all the time. My only gripe is that they need to step up their fruits selection. I'd like some strawberries (chocolate covered), grapes, etc. etc.
5	Unlimited beer, snow crab and prime rib carved on the spot...that alone was worth the wait and $30 admission fee. Good variety here so if your country had a specialty they probably had it. As for me, i stuck with the crab and prime rib. When I thought everything was all said and done, I looked over and saw more crab legs, except this time the other side had them served up warm. Didn't realize i had a second stomach til these came into play. Believe the hype...Studio B should be everyone's Vegas itinerary.
5	ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER and/or WINE w/ YOUR MEAL!!That is all that I should have to say.......but there really is more to tell about the buffet.This is the BEST buffet in Vegas/Henderson hands down!  They have every type of food from Greek..to Mexican...to American...to Chinese...to Filipino...to whatever!   They have 3 carving stations.The dessert bar is awesome! But I still can't get over the free BEER!   I think I had about 7 glasses w/ my brunch.  Our server was very nice.  She made sure we always had what we needed.This is the one buffet I will hit every time I am in the area.
5	All you can eat and drink, for only 16 bucks! Can't beat that... I local friend took me to M Resort while I was visiting Vegas and I was so amused!!! I think we spent a good 2 hours eating and chit chatting, the staff was super friendly and I never had an empty cup of water nor lemonade... as far as alcohol... I think I had a whole bottle by myself. If you know someone or are renting a car take a trip to this hidden gem.
5	FINALLY got  chance to try Studio B.  I've been to M so many times but I was never able to try it because of a few things: long ridiculous lines and they aren't open at midnight :[Went on a Saturday around 5:30p since we didn't want to wait, and yes, we did drive out of Vegas for about 20 minutes just for the buffet.  Studio B is located inside the modern M resort, and is probably the biggest draw of the hotel.Once we paid and were seated, I immediately went for the carving stations.  Prime rib, BBQ ribs, lamb, turkey, roasted chicken... everything was there.  Of course, I started out with the prime rib because for me, the quality of the prime rib can sometimes make/break a buffet.  Surprisingly, M Resort had one of the best prime rib I've had a buffet, anywhere!  The seasonings on the crust, the medium-rare doneness, and the au jus all came together for a delicious tasting prime rib.  The braised short rib was my 2nd favorite.  Didn't expect the buffet to have tender short ribs.  A lot of people liked the BBQ ribs, including me, but I do have to say, it is a bit fatty so that may turn some people away.  The poultry were all good, but for some reason they didn't have chicken breast, only the dark meat.  Not that I was really complaining since I always prefer the more juicy part of the bird.As for the seafood, that's what all others went for first.  The highlight is definitely the crab leg!  Mounds and mounds of crab legs.  It's not split in half for you like some of the buffets at the high end hotels (Wynn, Bellagio), but it is cracked open at strategic spots so it is quite easy to crack the legs.  However, one thing I do have to say that it was extremely salty and that some just looked sorta odd with brown and green spots.There's also unlimited raw oysters!  A few of my friends totally went berserk but I sorta held back since I've had bad experience with raw oysters and will only eat the ones that has a pure clear liquid, but that's just me.  The fact that they offer raw oysters is amazing to me though.There's also an Asian section, which is the same as everywhere else.  Hot foods such as mashed potatoes and fried fish is there as well.  My favorite was definitely the fried calamari with marinara sauce.  It's like free and unlimited appetizer that you would have to pay 10-12 bucks for at any restaurant!As for the desserts... I didn't care much for the cakes but they do have creme brulee (I'm a sucker for it) and gelato ice cream!  Creme brulee is creamy and tasty.  For the gelato, lemon was definitely my favorite.  Sweet but just enough tang for you to pucker.  Another huge draw for the buffet is the unlimited beer & wine.  3 types of beers on draft and a red/white wine option.  It's sorta hidden in the corner and a lot of people thought you had to pay but it's just people giving tip.Seriously, I have a craving to go back.  It may not be the best quality and it is a little out of the way, the price, selection, and unlimited alcohol definitely pushed this buffet into the 5 star realm!
4	I concur with most of the other reviews. Great choices, both on regular nights and the seafood nights. And of course, the all you can drink beer and wine is a nice touch.I am pretty adventurous, while the wife is a little picky. This place satisfies both of us without fail.Let me warn you though. Look out for the 400 pound guy on seafood night. If you get in his way at the crab legs, he might mistake your arm for a crab leg.
5	Best buffet in Vegas.I far from the strip so I usually go for Sunday brunch on our way home. We never had to wait too long of a line, but getting seated with a large party is always hard. The thing that stands out to me about the buffet at the M hotel verse the other hotels on the strip is that the variety of food is actually good. The crabs legs are always fresh and delish, but they also have the hot ones too. I like those better. They have more seafood options than most of the other buffets. Worth the cost of it. $37.99 Sunday brunch.Enjoy.
5	My favorite buffet in VEGAS!!! I came here close to when it opened years ago and remembered loving it and finally got a chance to return and i was happy it was still as good as i remember. Off the strip, i came here with my family after outlet shopping on a wednesday lunch. We heard about a senior deal for people over 50, but unfortunately THEY ENDED THE SENIOR DEAL. Still, it's a great deal as we only paid $16.00 per person and they have one of the biggest selections and also UNLIMITED WINE AND BEER AND GELATO!!!PRICES: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=aVc7XXpYbfEx0zQX1169bABreakfast M-F 7am-10:30 $11Lunch M-F 10:30-2:30 $16Dinner M-Th 4pm-9pm $24Seafood Brunch Sat/Sun 9am-2:30pm  $34Seafood Dinner  Fri: 4pm-10pm $34                               Sat/Sun 2:30-10pm $34Recommendation: Go for a late breakfast and stay for lunch items, which is plenty of food!If u want crab legs, don't bother going during the weekday lunches (not sure if they have it during weekday dinners) cuz they dont' have any.BUT, there's so much stuff! Everything was pretty good except for the sushi, which was terrible that day. Really hard rice! :(However, i enjoyed DESSERT the best as you can see from my pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=-2R7iQN7p-BTqDGQACzHXACreme Brulee, meringue cookies, carrot cake, RV cupcakes, panna cotta, tiramisu, mousse cake, chocolate cake. GELATO of many kinds, tarts, MEATS: Brisket, ribs, tri tip, pork loin,hamOthers: small selection of chinese food/mediterranean/mexican /indian.mussels, seafood ciopinno, shrimp scampi, baked ziti, BACON, fried shrimp, fried mushrooms, fried chicken, mash, asparagus, sweet potatoes with marshmallows, cream corn and spinach Sad to see some of the prices have hiked up since i originally went, but i would definitely recommend this place if ur tired of waiting in huge long lines and paying the same price or more and getting charged extra for drinks. Located in the M Resort- that blue building u see off to the right before you get to the strip. A great place to stop on the way home!
4	First time and have to say it was worth the price. Seafood buffet was delicious, all entrees fresh, great quality and it comes with free beer or wine. I'm coming back again!
3	1) Food was meh. There was nothing that i wanted to go get seconds for. everything was a little bit off. Nothing was perfection. Except for the bacon.2) Atmosphere was nice3) Service was really good. You go Solangel, YOU GO :)4) Price was decent5) No wait6) I got full regardless
5	This review is for the weekday lunch buffet.  Enjoyed it!Wait line to get seated moved fast, $17 something for lunch is a deal and includes all you can drink beer and wine, nice seating layout they even have the food network on tv showing above the food stations, also the food serving stations is laid out where you don't have long lines just trying to get food, lots of food variety to select from (sorry no crab legs for lunch), enjoyed the fried onions near the breakfast selections, huge dessert selection (to bad there was a sign saying not to take food out, if not I was tempted to take out a gelato cone).Will visit again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Holy shit.I don't normally use profanity in my reviews, but I think it's warranted here.  This is definitely the best buffet I've ever experienced.  Has a little something for everything and the selection goes on FOREVER.  Even the visual splendor of the buffet is magnificent.  I think the secret to this place is that the food actually TASTES good, so nothing goes to waste (I finished every scrap of food on my plate).  Also, beer and wine comes complimentary with the meal, so you could totally get wasted here if you want to.  Even the desserts are satisfactory...and which there is a LOT of variety.  I'd stick with the 10 flavors of ice cream they have to choose from.  Not bad for $20 (including tip).There is one small thing I take issue with (there's always something)...and that's that it took 15 minutes for the waitress to come by and take my drink order and bring it to me.  That's about 14 minutes too long.  I was parched and I couldn't enjoy my meal until they brought it to me.  But after that, it was hunky-dory.
2	Whaaaat?  Am I missing something?  I look like the crazy person whose ONLY review out of over 700 reviews is negative.  Maybe they were having an off day, maybe my tastebuds and/or mood was having an off day but I totally didn't get what the big deal was about this place.  To be frank, I thought it had a cafeteria vibe to the place and the food looked and tasted like what I imagine Hometown Buffet to be.  The only thing that I thought was tasty was their prime rib- it was super flavorful.  Other than that, I mostly ate salad because everything else was bad.  The seafood was overcooked and cold/old and nothing else appealed to me.  The all you can drink beer/wine is a nice touch but if it means paying for my drinks to get good food, I'd much rather do that.  All in all, pretty bad and wouldn't go back.
4	Mmm! A little aways from the strip, but definitely worth the drive.We came on a saturday night so we could do the seafood buffet ($33 per person) since it's only offered on the weekend.Since this place is off the strip, we figured the wait wouldnt be bad, but we were wrong. Wait was about an hour. So don't come starving. Come semi-hungry & have your hunger build as you wait in line.FOODThey had a very good variety, but probably the most popular items are their crab legs & prime rib. The crab is very fresh, unfortunately the shell is only cracked a little. So you have to do a little work to enjoy your food. (I'm a little spoiled from the other vegas buffets doing it for me) LOL.The prime rib was so good! Not overcooked, not overly bloody. The perfect medium. =) That's usually hard to find especially eating prime rib in a buffet setting.They also had a good selection of italian (pasta, gnoochi, pizzas), mediterranean (pita & humus), chinese, japanese, american, mexican, & even hawaiian. I loved the kahlua pork. It was really tender & juicy meat!Of course the most notable is their wine/beer bar. It's included in the price unlike other vegas buffets. It's unlimited! Bummer it's located away from the strip so you can't walk back to your hotel. =p. Overall quality was good & they had a good selection to choose from. Even had dessert wines! =)DESSERT. Always my favorite station in any buffet. They had ready made crepes (not made to order. DARN!), cakes, fruit tarts, creme brulee, & gelato bar! Another notable thing is they even offer drinks like cappuccinos with your dessert =). You get it at the dessert bar for these specially made drinksSERVICEOur server was good. Tables were cleared off & refills given in a timely manner.AMBIANCEOverall, it looked like a big, modern cafeteria setting. HAHA. Don't get me wrong it's nice. But the way it's structured with the food centrally located in an open circular room made it feel very cafeteria-ish.Definitely would come back to get away from the strip & have some good dining.
5	best priced, best tasting buffet in las vegas. there's a reason why the wait is over an hour long. prime rib is cooked to PERFECTION. even the well-done section is tasty and not tough or gamey or chewy. the buffet is REASONABLY priced and it has a REASONABLE selection. they dont take every food name they can think of, and put it in the buffet. you get a little bit of each type of food without being overwhelmed.the desserts are delicious and theres gelato and fresh coffee drink options. service is GREAT in that sense. service was NOT great trying to get in. after you get through the line, you wait in another line. and i asked the lady how much longer we have to wait. she doesn't  tell me a time. she just tells me "a few more minutes". woman... 20 minutes is not "a few more minutes". this is my only complaint about this place. but i can't complain that the line was long and i was hungry. just comes to show how many people will go out of their way for good food. the price is reasonable. and theres free beer and wine. i absolutely enjoyed their seafood/sushi that i expected to be gross after my experience at bellagio. meat. meatmeatmeatmeatmeat. gosh im hungry. prime rib. prime freaking rib. ok. im just going to keep repeating myself so.... goodbye.
5	the best buffet ive ever been to ever!!! this past weekend was my first time in vegas and everyone i knew raved about how good the buffets are so we asked some locals at the primm shopping center and they recommended the Studio B Buffet. OMG AMAZING !!! we went for lunch on friday (34 for two adults) and i feel in love with their pistachio shooters mmm. I got full off 2 plates of delicious food and free beer!!!we went again for dinner on saturday night and the wait was over an hour :/ dont go starving, u might pass out like i did. but it was worth it! it was seafood night! unlimited snow crab legs and shrimp!!!! so worth the 72 bucks we paid. their NY steak was delicious tooo and everything else. I have nothing negative for the place even the waiters were awesome! but my favorite place of all was the desert bar :D i will go again next time i go to vegas.
5	I usually don't go to buffets unless they are good. My brother lives in Vegas and he and his family rarely eats at buffets but recently I hear positive feedback from him about this one. When we visited him and his family three weeks ago, I made sure that part of our itinerary is to eat at this buffet before we head out to So Cal. The day came and to be honest with you, I totally underestimated it. It was awesome!!! The food tasted great and the people serving you were kind and courteous. For those in a diet (like I do)..no worries, they have egg whites as a healthy substitute if you want a good source of protein without the fat for your omelet. They have tons of lean beef, fish, and poultry as well. My favorite was the sashimi salad! The quality of the meats, seafood and veggies were fantastic! Flavors were balanced and not overpowering. Okay, to the dessert part...leave room in your tummy!!! You'll be diabetic by the time you leave...j/k ;) TONS of selection!!! From gelatos of various kinds to cakes, cookies, pies, cupcakes, and many more!To make it short, visit and be amazed! Don't listen to those who rated this buffet with a star or two...they are haters and picky. The line may be long but that really says a lot about the buffet...it's good! I love to eat and it's my favorite hobby so enough said and I suggest to try it.Come hungry...just HAVE FUN!!!
4	I'm going to preface this by saying this is a review for the lunch buffet, and from what I hear, the dinner is better.  Studio B was recommended by a  local friend, so we decided to try it on our way out of town. Had I known about the unlimited alcohol, I would have come here earlier for dinner. But booze and a long drive to Los Angeles do not mix. Get that kids??I found the lunch buffet to be a bit uneven. Some things were amazing, some so-so, some just not good. The whole buffet is organized into sections by cuisine. The roasted meats are sort of in the center. There is a little Greek section, a small Japanese section, a small Chinese section, Thai, Mexican, etc. There is a section toward the end for breads, but every serious buffet diner knows not to eat bread, right?? Bread = filler!I'll start with the highlights. I found the entire Chinese section to be pretty good. I had braised oxtail, which was amazing, and eggplant and tofu stir fried in a sweet soy glaze, which was also very tasty. The ginered crab legs were very fresh and very tender, though not terribly gingery. The tri-tip was terrifically tender and juicy. The mashed potatoes were buttery and tasty, with a few chunks of potato to let you know they were real potatoes. I tried the mango and chocolate gelati, and both were delicious.The roast turkey breast was ok, though a bit salty. The fried chicken had nice flavor, but also too salty. The pad thai was pretty decent but a bit sweet.The beef stroganoff was flavorless and on the tough side. The salisbury steak, though very tempting on the buffet, was also flavorless. How can you mess up ground beef patties with brown gravy?The desserts were similarly uneven. There was a pistachio mousse with a raspberry coulis. Honestly, that combination just didn't make sense to me. The mini tiramisu was too moist with some kind of sweet coffee-like liquid. The chocolate silk pie was too salty. All in all, not terrible, but not great. I am told I should come back for dinner, and especially on seafood night, so maybe there will be a follow up someday. It was definitely a nice change from the usual Strip noise and melange.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas. I always make a point to stop by the M Resort on my way back to Los Angeles just for the Studio B Buffet! Because this buffet is so good, lines can be extremely long - especially around check out time - so be warned if you are in a time crunch. The buffet itself is in a very large round room. The food selection is very extensive - ranging from Thai, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, American, etc. They even have artisan breads and free beer and wine (don't forget to tip!). The food usually includes an assortment of comfort food (mash potatoes, mac and cheese, etc), curries, sushi, pizza, salads, stir fried items, etc. On the dessert side, Studio B offers gelato, crepes, along with the usual assortment of tarts and cakes. They even offer espresso! Be sure to check it out for yourself! It can be a little pricey (especially for an off-strip buffet), but it is well worth the money. Try going on Wednesdays when they offer 2 for 1 for players club members!
3	Pros: Lots of selections,  wine and beer are included with price, reasonable lunch price for $15.99Cons: Food is just "meh"I had such high hopes for this place, but once again, IMHO Studio B is just another place to add to the rest of the mediocre Las Vegas buffets.Don't get me wrong, I love all you can eat places.  I also realize buffets, in general, will not be as good as your run of the mill regular service restaurant.  But considering how much hype there is for this place, I just expected so much more.I got various dishes from the different types of cuisines (Asian, Mexican, etc) and they were good, just not great.  What was great was the fact that alcoholic beverages (beer and wine) were included in our meal price.  I didn't drink too much, but if I were in the mood, I could see how eating here could be fun.The price here was pretty reasonable too ($15.99 for lunch).Overall, I think this place is just okay, but based on other people's reviews maybe I just came on an off day.
4	I really liked this buffet. For the price and what you get its great. The variety of what's offered and the thought/presentation of what they're offering is a notch above similarly priced buffets...shoot even more expensive ones!They had this veal dish (can't remember the name) and it was very, very good. I only ate that! The dessert bar has gelato! That was a nice departure from the normal soft serve and ice cream. So not to repeat what the other have said, here's my recap:Pros:-Good quality food for the price-The dessert bar was so good!-Free alcohol with your meal-Newer facility, newer hotel, quiet locationCons:-Can get very busy, so go early to avoid lines-Not an easy buffet to navigate. You have to walk all the way around to get to places. No cutting through-15-20 mins from the strip, but this is only a con if you're staying near the strip =)
5	While I've eaten many times here in the past under the previous owners, I have not eaten here since the complete ownership change.  However, i recently got an email from the M Resort advising of a new link for their buffet. You can now see all of the dishes they offer at the buffet, including what appears new offerings I do  not recall from past visits like Cioppino, paella, Shrimp Vera Cruz,  a Mexican section etc.   Here's the link:http://www.themresort.com/studiob/just wish the M would have a locals discount like some other buffets do.
5	Possilbly one of the best buffets I"ve been to hands down! Not only is there a huuuuge selection of food (i think over 200-varieties) there was also free beer and wine!My first impression of Studio B was very open and clean. I enjoy a buffets that have open spaces so you don't feel crammed and squished as you move from your table to the food. The servers were very prompt and polite!The food was great! In an effort to try more than just a handful of dishes, I literally had half a scoop or two bites (sometimes just one bite) of 15-20 dishes and was stuffed! That wasn't even a fraction of what was offered.The food was made with quality ingredients and had dishes I haven't seen at other buffets, such as: Stuffed grape leaves, paella, butternut squash salad, gnocchi, ahi poke and lomi salmon!? First time I've ever seen ahi poki offered at a buffet! All dishes served were delicious.The desserts were great too with gelato and espresso bar. My only regret was not being able to eat more! This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas!
5	OK OK this is the BEST buffet in Vegas period.  there is a lot of variety. the desserts are very good.  The lamb shoulder cooked to perfection.  but what does it is FREE all you can drink beer and wine.  I'm talkin about the regular buffet on Wednesday under $55 for two.  without a players club. we got to the line around 7 and were seated about 7:15. it wasn't to busy.at the dessert bar you can order fresh coffee or a latte with Kahlua. If somebody hadn't told us we wouldn't have known.       everything was really good. The place is very clean.  Don't bother looking for the bathroom its not in the Buffet its outside to the right.
4	One of my favorite buffets in town! :)
4	I came in with some huge expectations and I left full, but somewhat unsatisfied.  I don't know if my expectations are too high, but I thought it was just alright.  The selection and price warrant at least a 4 star review, but there was nothing that I ate that had any sort of wow factor.  I will say that the food tasted very fresh and the selection was impressive.  My favorite area was the Asian theme, with the exception of the sushi.  The sushi was pathetic.  I would like to try this place sometime for dinner, when they have crab legs and more seafood.
4	Ate here with a bunch of friends of mine that came down to Vegas. Besides waiting in line for 2 hours this place was great! Come early to dinner so you don't wait long. The crab legs were so good! Had a lot of meat on them unlike other buffets. And the dessert bar! Delicious! Especially the panna cotta! The unlimited beer and wine was a big plus too!
5	GREAT buffet en route to Sin City! If you can make it for Friday lunch (before 2:30pm), it's probably the best deal around: $15.99. Stuff yourself, and then have a super light dinner to fit into that tiny black dress ;)Noteworthy items: creme brulee, panang curry, oxtail soup, the gelato, berry burst cider (wine and beer is included in the buffet price!), and their custom lattes with Bailey's, Amaretto, or Kahlua added.I'm a fan.
4	Went for my second time to Studio B at M Casino on Friday 11/4. Both visits (first was in March) were great!! The first time we had a 45 minute lunch wait, but this last time it was less than 5 minutes (got there around 2pm). However by the time we left the line looked to be running closer to 45 minutes.The buffet is easily the best food especially for value in Las Vegas or for that matter anywhere I've been. $15.99 for lunch includes unlimited wine, beer or hard cider! Are you kidding me? On top of that the food always seems fresh vs. other buffets where you can visually see the sauces and fat not marinating at the top of buffet offerings. Some of the highlights gnocchi, clams, paella and fish offerings. The dessert bar is unreal. Beautifully crafted custards, creme brulee and tasty gelatos. You can also get your coffee with a spike of Irish Cream in it. Unheard of for a buffet.The dining area is simple, attractive and has a nice flow. There never seems to be a line of bunched up people for any offering which is quite nice. I still haven't figured out what the "classroom" looking studio is for or when it gets used, but that's okay because I'm so busy eating my four quarters (plates) of food as if I were playing linebacker for a gourmet buffet eating team. I will always make my way there whenever I get to Vegas. The only hard part for out of towners is that you will need a car to get there, as it's as far down Las Vegas Blvd as it gets before you are on your way south down I-15.Studio B should be the standard of value and food quality that all buffets strive for.
5	Crab Legs? Check.Different types of food? Check.Desserts? Check.Different types of Crab legs? Check.$38 (tax included) each for lunch... FOOD:For buffets... I always try to get only the good stuff... F Mac N Cheese, F the breakfast foods, F make your own salad... I'm going for the Crab legs and Sashimi. They also had ginger crab legs (chinese side) that were DELICIOUS. It had flavor. I got a bunch of those. You need to ask the Sushi people for the Sashimi - not the highest quality, but still good. Fried Shrimp - yumLobster bisque - ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE NEW POT TO COMEOystersMussellsNo Lobster :(The desserts were good. GELLATO ICE CREAM! And also macaroons! They also serve cappuccino and  coffee! BARISTA!Best Buffet... it's worth the drive off the strip. Plenty of parking.
5	I have come here a handful of times now. Hands down, best buffet in Vegas. Word has spread so the prices have jumped =[Still, the locals and tourists alike flock here. Try coming early, BEFORE they open... There's already a line, trust me. The shortest I've ever waited was maybe 20 minutes but the longest was an hour.Each minute of torture was worth it.Enormous variety of food to choose from.The servers are attentive here. I never have to ask for a refill, they always know to bring me more ginger ale because they actually pay attention to you!!! SO MANY HUGE CRAB LEGS. They have sushi, sashimi, pasta, BEST FREAKIN PRIME RIB AT A BUFFET EVER, oh my goodness..I can't gush about this place enough.My friend is a local to Vegas and took me here. I love him so so so much for bringing Studio B into my life.The desserts are all good too. Each time I come, I have about 6-8 desserts.yes, I am greedy.
5	After reading all of my friends' reviews, I feel compelled to write a novel about how amazing Studio B really is. However, I don't think that will do it any justice, so I will keep it nice and short.If you're driving home from Vegas and you didn't get the chance to experience a Vegas buffet, this is the perfect place. Just make sure you come EARLY, as the lines fill up fast. Around 10 a.m. should do.There are no words to describe how bad of a food coma I got after coming here. I've been to a lot of buffets around the world, and I would have to give this #2 on my list (nothing beats the Singapore Hyatt buffet). Have you ever seen a buffet so huge that you can walk work off a good amount of what you ate just by walking around and looking for more food? The selection here is PHENOMENAL. You really have to pace yourself, though, and try everything first. Then, you get what you really want. The Chinese food section is nothing special, so you can avoid that right away. Just make sure to load up on crab legs.Desserts: HOLY SHIT. Whatever you do, save room for them. Even if you don't have room, walk around, go the bathroom, let everything out, and come back. The price you pay for your entry here will not be worthwhile if you don't indulge in the desserts. One thing I never realized is the free wine and beer, which I've only seen at a buffet on a boat in Finland. To sum it up, I didn't eat for 2 days after coming here. My friends and I invented a new term for the level of awesomeness that you achieve after experiencing Studio B: stomach raging.
3	Studio B Buffet is located inside the M Resort about 15 minutes from The Strip. Our guy friend suggested it for Friday night dinner ($34 per person) & since he was willing to drive, we were down to try it. The 7:30pm crowds looped around the line dividers as if they were waiting for the newest Disneyland ride. We were seated in about 50-55 minutes.This buffet is humongous; I think I read there are over 200 items which made me think it might be a quantity over quality type of place, but that wasn't the case. Food was actually really fresh. There are the different sections: asian, pastas & pizzas, sushi, Indian, the carving station, the seafood area, etc. I'm not usually a pasta fan, but the baked ziti was SO good. I kept going back for more of that tart & creamy sauce. The breading on the fried shrimp were not too crisp. I had a pork rib which had a nicely-spiced rub & was not too fatty. For dessert, I loaded up on mini red velvet cupcakes (yay for cream cheese frosting!)Three stars because I normally wouldn't drive too far from the strip for a buffet with a longass line. I had a handful of pretty good items but everything else was not memorable. I ended my meal with an espresso shot laced with amaretto. I'm thinking a lot of high ratings are given because wine & beer are included in the price of your meal. I'm not a beer & wine kinda gal, so that perk was completely wasted on me. Now, had vodka been flowing freely, I might also be inclined to give a high rating...
5	We came here for lunch: $15.99 / person.Good:+ Parking: Plentiful in a private lot area+ Price: Very reasonable for the variety of selection and taste! Oh the taste...+ Food: One of the better buffets I've been to, I must say!  I was pleasantly surprised, given the fact that this was a hotel away from the strip (I assumed all the good stuff should be there since there's so much foot-traffic there), and at a fair price.  There isn't a ton of different foods, but what they did have was delicious!  Just enough variety to satisfy everyone, AND instead of only the so-so frogurt-ice cream vending machines most buffets have, they also have a server help you with GELATO. They have about a dozen different flavors or so?  Mmmmmmmmmm dessert bar, you've won me over.  Not to say everything else wasn't tasty!   I fully enjoyed my entire meal.  I wish I could've eaten more!!!!!!!! (I was at my limit by the time I discovered the gelato...... cryyy.)     + Complimentary alcoholic drinks (tipping is encouraged, but not required) --wink-wink--+ Service: All the servers were prompt and friendly. + Atmosphere: Beautiful ceiling and decor, lots of giant big screens to watch shows, comfortable seats, plenty of seating space, spacious walkways (maybe because I came here on a weekday and this particular buffet was off the strip, but whatever!), and clean. I never saw a mess that wasn't immediately cleaned.Bad:- Food: Well, I know what I like and what I don't like, so everything that was on my plate I was very satisfied with.  Some of the things on my boyfriend's plate......not so much.  I don't recommend the calamari (flavorless) and this baked citrus fish dish that was wrapped up like a rose and baked (that was so-so).  Also, my tater-tots went cold really fast! Get these last (TATER TOOOOOTS! Yum). Except when they're cold.- Waiting in line to get in! Let me in so I can gets my NOM-NOM-NOM on!
5	I love this buffet. They have so much to chose from, and free alcohol can't get any better then that. Everytime I come to vegas, I must eat here and play here. The desserts are amazing as well.
5	Usually never go to buffets because my friends are a bunch of anorexic Asian girls who eat one slice of bread to get full. Haha kidding! Well, half kidding. Anyway, during our monthly Vegas trips, we don't go to buffets because of the simple fact that our hungover asses can barely finish a plate of food hence, not worth the mula, baby.But I came with a few friends for lunch to the M because we heard of the $15 lunch special and of course THE UNLIMITED DRANKS! Beer & wine only of course, but  still an amazing deal! Oh and the food is delicious too. A variety of cuisines :) and lots of yummy selections. If you come for a late lunch, you might get lucky because sometimes they bring out the king crab legs!!!
5	Great buffet.  I thought I would never get to the end of the selections.  Everything that I ate was delicious including crab legs - cold or warm. Unlimited beer and wine are included in the price of the buffet.   Also many specialty coffee drinks.  Will definitely be back.
4	If this buffet wasn't so far off the strip, I'd love to come here everytime. But then again, it's probably good because it's off the strip! Came here for their seafood buffet for a second time and it was just as good as I remembered. Cheap too! In comparision to the buffets on the strip, this seafood one is $33.99. Not too shabby at all.Love the fact that they have STEAMED crab legs. They are just so much tastier than the cold cocktail ones. Oysters, clams, shrimp cocktails, the works! I stuck with the oysters and crab legs and got my money's worth for sure. The other stuff I didn't really try because I was so focused on crab legs. The tidbits I did try were really good as well. The mac and cheese was deliciously cheesy, the sashimi salad was delicious. Unlimited beer and wine! Just remember to tip! AND they have root beer on draft! Hit up their dessert bar and add a scoop of vanilla ice cream and it's a great end to a fabulous dinner. I'll be back! So worth the wait. Go earlier to avoid the ridiculous lines... but even with the line, it's pretty much worth it!
3	Now I know there are a lot of great reviews for this place but mine is strictly for breakfast so bear in mind my experience wasn't as grand as those that got the whole effect of the buffet. For a breakfast buffet on a Friday morning this place is a great deal. I wish we stopped for lunch so I can see what this "unlimited dranks", was all about but I will be back to see what's good. This buffet is nice with all them screens on. This may have been the first time I seen the food network on tv at a buffet. I think this is genius! Usually you see that tv channel in the gym, where it shouldnt belong!  I hope to stop by here for lunch or dinner to get a better feel of what his place has to offer.
5	Crazy amount of food and all of it was delicious.  I was like a kid in a candy shop.  There was so much variety ranging from Italian, to Japanese, to Mexican, to American, to beer, to wine, to gelato, to cup cakes, to cookies, to macaroons.  There was just so much food, I couldn't eat it all.  I would say the best is the meat, but that's because I'm a guy and I like my protein.  There was so much desert, by the time I was half way done, my plate was full and I couldn't add anymore.  I got to the end (best part) where there was a ton of ice cream and gelato.  Great! Amazing! Delicious!  The price for lunch was $15.99 which isn't bad for an all you can eat and all you can drink buffet.  I couldn't even drink that much because I didn't want to get full off the beer.  They had a bunch of wine choices, beer, and others.  Give it a try, especially if your there for lunch.
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS!This is the first buffet that I've ever been to where every single dish that I tried was good. To top it off, the price is right, you get unlimited beer and wine, and the selection is outstanding.Sure, I wish it wasn't so far off the strip... but it would either be way more expensive or crappified if it were closer.If you have a rental car - be sure to make this one of your Vegas stops.
5	Hands down one of the best buffets in Vegas!It's a little ways off the strip but so worth it!  We did the seafood buffet on Friday night, got there a little later than the usual dinner crowd (about 8pm) and only had about a ten minute wait (at the most) before we were seated.Everything we tried was delicious.  The steamed crab legs, the cold crab legs, the prime rib, oxtail soup, lomi lomi salmon.  It was ALL so good!We don't drink alcohol but apparently beer & wine are included in the price. I am also not a big dessert person but they had one of the best dessert bars ever!  At 33.99 it is a great value.  I can't wait to go back!
5	5 stars for the unlimited beer & wine-perfect for hangovers right!Came around 10 Sunday morning ($41) they automatically include tax and tip.Things to put on your plate:Cold Crab LegsOxtail Soup (a little too salty for me this time, but still good)Fresh out of the ove pepperoni pizzaLobster BisqueCreme BruleGelato*Smoked Bacon (didn't know they had this until I read Yelp reviews, wish I knew about it so I could've tried)Pretty good array of foods, but I tend to repeatedly grab those that I've tried and know are good. It may be a bit overwhelming because there are so many choices to choose from.*Kinda wish the dessert sizes were half of what they are now, only because really like to taste a variety of things and a teaspoon full of one thing is good enough. Luckily I had my friends with me so got them to finish whatever dessert I couldn't.
5	Believe the hype, this place is legit.  I was there for lunch Friday afternoon and felt that for $15.99/adult, you can't beat the food.  Your choice of wine/beer is limited, but say you have 3-4 beers with 3-4 plates of food = WINNING!  And the BEST part, their desert bar.  We ate at the Wynn buffet on our previous Vegas trip and you know how you grab a bunch of deserts (and by this time you're already completely stuffed) and 1/2 of them taste like crap... NOT HERE, I polished off all my desserts and had 3 scoops of gelato (yes they have a gelato bar AND free coffee).  This will probably be the only Vegas buffet I go to in the future.
5	Studio B at the M= Food HeavenFirst off, i enjoy my alcohol very much.. Unlimited red and white wine and beer  IS included! Yay!I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas and this is surprisingly the best .. You can taste the freshness and quality of the food.. This is definitely the place where you go and PIG OUT on awesome food.. It's so unforgettable !!
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! So many choices and all fresh! Everything is amazing and it's not ridiculously over-priced. Unlimited beer/wine=BONUS. Be sure to save room for dessert because there's a lot to choose from and it's just as good as the rest of the food. I have been raving about this place since I went and my next Vegas trip will definitely include it!
5	5 stars for unlimited beer and wine alone. This place is the bomb! Where else can you find a buffet that offers unlimited beer and wine? I came here for dinner for a friend's birthday and it was fabulous! I am not a buffet type of person and I hardly eat much but I ate a lot at this Buffet!First of, the selections were crazy! crab legs, ox tail, sweet potato mash and a huge salad bar! I have been in a lot of Buffets in Vegas and they have the best selection of food I have ever seen. The food was fresh and the staff was really nice.My ABSOLUTE favorite is the dessert bar! Yummy! There were so many to choose from I couldn't decide so I tasted all of them. On top of that they serve Gelato Ice cream! Yum!!! Pros: fantastic food, great selection, friendly staff, unlimited wine and beer and fabulous desserts.Cons: Far from the strip, long lines when it is busy.Overall the best buffet in Vegas! I will come back here again someday:)
5	wow!It's so good. You have to eat here at least once if you stop by vegas. you just have to! yummmmmmmmmmp.s. did anyone else notice the vagina-pattern wall decor? :O it's a lil weird. but oh well. food's good tho.
5	More varieties than other buffets!  The best one I have ever tried!
5	ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER AND WINE?!fuck the food...go for the drinks...it's a deal!Ok, but if you do care about the food, dont trip chocolate chip...the foood is bombbb. This is one of the  best buffets in vegas. It's off the strip, but the food is really good. They have the best crab legs everrrrr.
3	1st of all, I'm not a wine/beer drinker at all. I'll not give credit on "unlimited" wine & beer. I went on a Monday morning/brunch. Maybe it's not a "seafood" lunch, there is limited supply of seafood. There was some shrimp here and there but no cocktail shrimp at all. Yes, there was Alaska crab legs, which were cooked in Chinese style (rare!!!!), not fresh at all.Yes, there were many varieties but quality was so so.Beware, if you're allergic to MSG. Since my hubby & I are allergic to MSG, I felt very thirsty after eating there, while my hubby was quite sick from the food after eating there. Here may be good for people like to drink wine and beer, while not allergic to MSG.
5	foooooooood comaaaaaaaaaaaa nom nom nom.... Their aycd is a LOT better now that they have CIDER!! YUM! When M Resort first opened, I ate here a lot and just slowly stopped.  So after a year of no Studio B .. my bf thought Thanksgiving would be a good day to go .. wrong 4.5 hr wait .. so instead we went today and NO wait :) yay!Prime rib .. yum .. salad .. yum .. everything else was pretty good-okay .. but DESSERT .. MMMMMMMMMM loveeeeeee .. and how do u not come to an ayce/aycd for $25?!
4	What does the "B" in @Mresort Studio B buffet stand for?Hmm how about...B for bountiful! Studio B buffet has so much selection! They have all kinds of food- like Italian (pizzas, pastas), Chinese (orange chicken, fried rice, chow mein), Thai (yellow curry, red curry), American (turkey, prime rib, fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes), Mexican (Spanish rice, enchiladas), breakfast entrees (eggs, bacons, corn beef hash, potatoes), all kinds of salads and a abundant amount of different desserts  (creme brulee, meringues, cheesecakes, gelato)B for beautiful! Studio B buffet's presentation of food is simply beautiful. The desserts are a perfect example of this. They have colorful meringue cookies (pink, yellow, green), cute dessert shooters, cheesecakes drizzled in sweet strawberry syrup, small awesome looking fruit tarts and scrumptious multicolored gelato!B for brilliant! Studio B buffet has a brilliant setup! The overall buffet atmosphere is a true winner! I like how they showcase different clips from the food network all around on large screens all around the buffet. In between the clips, are cute cartoons of dancing fruit! When we were there, at the dessert bar, there was a Super Mario cake that was a winner at a dessert contest. It was one cool looking cake. Visually pleasant and hip all around, one can enjoy scrumptious food in one of the coolest looking buffets in Vegas.Lastly, B for best! Yummy tasting food, good selection and nice presentation of food and cool place = Studio B buffet :).What B is it for you? ;)
5	Best buffet!!! Why????1.) Beer & Wine Station           - unlimited beer on tap, alcoholic cider, red and white wine           - my favorite: Raspberry Cider2.) Meaty Crab Legs           - you don't just get crab legs, you get the legs plus half of the meaty body.           - no fighting here, because their station was always stocked with crab legs.           - don't forget about the steamed white rice. Can't have crab without rice.3.) Raw Oysters           - topped it with cocktail sauce, lemon, Tapatio, and horseradish4.) Gelato Bar           - 16 creamy flavors           - served in a cup or waffle cone            - you can make a root beer float by geting vanilla gelato in a cup and adding root               beer that's located at the beer & wine station5.) Dessert Station           - great selection           - my favorite: Creme Brulee (they were delish and I ate about 10 of them)6.) Coffee Station (hidden behind the gelato station)           - they use real cappuccino/espresso machines           - cappuccinos, lattes, mochas, espressos, coffee, hot chocolate           - they also have flavored syrups like hazelnut and caramel           - you can ask them to add Bailey's, Sambuca, Amaretto, Kahlua for free           - my favorite: hazelnut cappuccino
2	Food was edible. They aim for quantity verses quality. Service was good. Environment was LOUD.I'm a HUGE fan of Wicked Spoon which is the buffet at The Cosmopolitan and I would rather spend my money there.
4	The four stars are for the endless amounts of HOT crab legs (HATE HATE HATE cold crab legs) and asian style marinated crab legs! I could eat platefuls of the latter (and have done so). Honestly just ignore everything else and eat bucketloads of crab legs. End of story.I guess, if you have room left over you can eat a few bites of the gelato they have here too. The quality of the gelato was actually better than I expected! Can't wait until I come here again in a week!
4	Finally made it to Studio B and it did not disappoint.  We got there a little before 10, for breakfast it was only $11.  Such a great deal!  Kids under 4 are free, that is a plus for us because we usually have to pay for my son who usually doesn't eat much or not at all. The breakfast section takes up maybe 1/4 of the buffet.  It is not like other buffets where the whole buffet is breakfast there is plenty of food and they start setting up lunch pretty early in the other sections. The breakfast food is pretty standard fare but it is done well.  I like that even though they had the normal stuff they had several varieties of each, like 3 kinds of waffles, pancakes, french toast, 2 eggs bennys, reg bacon and sausage and also turkey.  The pastries were surprisingly good I usually find buffet pastries to be really dry but these were perfect.  I was disappointed that the espresso bar and dessert station were not open for breakfast.  I mean really you advertise your custom coffees but I can't get it with breakfast?  I did get a pretty good latte and some awesome desert before we left though since they were just starting lunch.  There were a few couples sitting around us waiting for lunch to start.  Wish I had thought of that.  Seeing all the great lunch dishes def made me want to come back for lunch/wish I hadn't eaten so much breakfast.  You really can't beat all you can drink wine and beer that is worth the price right there. The dessert station was great they have full size gourmet cupcakes; they aren't Retro but pretty darn close.  I think they come from Babycakes in the casino, they look the same.  They also have gelato and sorbet and an espresso bar all in the dessert station.  Overall a great locals casino.  Most of the employees inside and out of the buffet went above and beyond to help us out and make us feel welcome.  Walking through the casino we had employees ask us if we needed anything or if they could help us.  I don't know if we looked lost or what but it was really nice and not annoying at all and I get annoyed really easy.  Our server at the buffet left a lot to be desired but maybe we caught her on a bad day.
4	All you can drink beer and wine is what really makes this place.  The dessert bar is extensive, with alcholic coffees that a bartender can create for you.  We did the seafood brunch on a sunday morning for $40 which was not worth it as half of our group did not eat seafood.  They had 2 types of crab, oyster, shrimp.  I wish the crab legs were cut in half like they do at the bellagio though.Salad is decent, steak overdone and some asian and greek dishes were awful.  Overall 4 stars for the diverse types of food and the all you can drink!
4	Came for lunch and was happy to be able to eat for $16!  That's cheaper than almost all the buffets on the strip.   On top of that...the price includes unlimited wine and beer.  They had coors and PBR on tap and a few wines.  As for the food....I wouldn't say that it is the best buffet in vegas, but you have a lot to choose from.  As with all buffets...avoid sushi if you can.  Many of the hand-carved meats are on the dry side.  But they offered crawfish, fried shrimp, paella, creamed spinach, rice, salads, and pretty solid fish here too.  I loved their shrimp dishes and their pork offerings.   There are a lot of misses, but they have enough hits to make this a great outing.   Particularly if you come with the intent on drinking a lot of beer.  If you don't like alcohol, I recommend that you hit up their root beer on tap.   It's pretty good.  Overall...the reason I'd come back is because they have enough good entrees that you will go home full and happy.   More importantly, they have an awesome price point and unlimited beer.  The cons are that not all of the food is great and that it's located 10 miles off the strip.  My favorite buffet in Vegas is the wicked spoon because of their willingness to offer creative entrees that you'd normally see in nice restaurants.  Second would be Bellagio because of its standout desserts and great entrees.   I'd rate this as a viable contender for third best buffet in Vegas.  Check it out as you leave the strip.
5	STOP READING THIS AND GET IN YOUR CAR AND DRIVE TO THIS BUFFET.I wish I lived in Vegas because I would eat this every week and gain 1342984 pounds but be super happy and fat. I'm not one for buffets. The buffets I'm used to include parents who bring their family of 20+ with 100 kids and just let them run wild. Back in LA, you would not find me in any buffet. Anywhere. (Maybe universal hilton's.. but only because they have a chocolate fountain)BUT THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING.All their food is delicious. It's not like most places where special attention is paid only to the more important foods. Here, every last detail on every last dish is thought through and executed perfectly. My favorite things to get are the prime rib & snow crab legs. Perfect perfect perfect.Don't even get me started on ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER. (and wine) BUT ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEERR. and right next to that is the DESSERT BAR. with LITERALLY ALL THE BEST DESSERTS IN THE WORLD. I usually start off with the creme brulee, then move on to chocolate cheesecake. grab some macarons.. and the list continues on. And I ALWAYS finish my meal with a latte here. Their coffee is just as good as any cafe, starbucks, coffee bean and what not. Not mediocre, not brewed in the morning. Brewed right there on the spot when you order it.This buffet is so successful, because every part of it has been perfected. Everytime I'm in vegas, this is a MUSTTTT
3	Waited in line for 2 hours.  Food was okay but definitely not worth the price and waiting 2 hours for a table.  Free beer and wine is awesome, if you drink (I don't). The best part was the screens that showed video of things that kept my 2 year old occupied while we were eating. Overall, go there if there is no long line but don't be expected to be wowed by the food.
5	BEST. BUFFET. EVER.Mind you, I travel to Vegas about 3-4 times a year, and resided there for more than one... So, I'm PRETTY sure I've tried every buffet on and off the strip at least once (or even twice) in my life. (True fatty, I know.)Once you've tried the Vegas or Henderson buffets more than once, you'll notice that most of them serve the same foods... in the same style... with the same taste. There's nothing wrong with that, considering all Vegas buffets are pretty good and satisfactory.. But if you want to try something different, definitely go for this gem.Their presentation is quite classy for an all-you-can-eat restaurant. They serve a huge selection of food, and the quality of it all is evident. Rarely did I see an empty platter during my round trips to the food bar. The chefs behind the bars are friendly, too. During my last Studio B visit, I was addicted to their sashimi salad. Every time I walked back to get more, I always caught the salad chef making a fresh batch to serve.The best time to go to Studio B is during the weekend-- It's when they serve their Seafood Brunch & Seafood Dinner. But, you may have to wait in line for almost an hour since it's currently one of Vegas' popular buffets. It's also a little more pricey compared to most Vegas buffets, but it's worth it. I PROMISE.
5	One of the best buffets i've ever been to. This place has lived up to the hype that's been going around. They offer unlimited beer and wine which i have never seen any other buffets do before! The food at Studio B was unbelievable, the prime rib was perfect and the bbq ribs just melts in your mouth ;). The line was long (about an hr wait), but it's so worth it! If you're ever in vegas, you'll have to come here to eat. I'm pretty sure where ever you're from you'll enjoy this buffet
5	Came here for the $15/person lunch buffet. I don't think you can get such great service and wide variety of foods at any other buffet except for this one! And you can enjoy a great view of the desert while chomping on all of your food. For some reason the coffee is excellent here - kept drinking cups of this while eating. I wasn't a fan of the Asian food offerings but liked the paella and some of the fish they had. The best part of the lunchtime buffet was the dessert offerings - they had creme brulee and tons of gelato, cheese cakes, and lovely little shot glass cups of creme, raspberries, and other delicious desserts. It's way far from Vegas but worth it to drop by here since the resort is pretty and nice to walk around.
4	Very awesome buffet. You have to travel a little off the strip, but it is well worth it. We had the seafood brunch that is offered on Saturday and Sunday.  The sushi is not as fresh as I am use to. So I did not really care for that.  However, the crab legs were really good. They were fresh and had a sweet taste to them. I made a big mess trying to crack open the shells, but it was totally worth it. My mouth is watering as a write this review. They offer a limited selection of all you can drink wine and beer. I definitely took advantage of this awesome deal.  The prime rib is made to perfection, just the way I like it. They offer a wide selection of entrees to choose from : Italian, American, French, Asian. There is so much to choose from, I just went with my favoritesThe dessert also offers a wide selection to choose from. Some of the things were scrumptious like the creme brulee and chocolate souffle. While other things were not so good like the pistachio shooter and the crepe. Maybe I went on an off day.I have been here twice. The first time we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated, and this was on a Saturday around 2pm The second time was also a Saturday and it was about 12pm, and we were immediately seated.
4	Great value for money. Came here for lunch. $15.99 per person. Unlimited beer & wine... Though we don't drink, I still think it is a great deal. Cappuccino & other coffee is available at the desert bar. Their cappuccino is very good. I asked the lady to put Baileys :)They have the usual selection... American, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican & Italian.The dessert bar is awesome! I love sweets and they had lots and lots of it .Service is excellent too.
3	Eh...everyone loves this buffet but I think it's alright.I guess it's good to go for lunch during the week when it's like $16-17. We did that once and I thought it was a good bang for your buck. We went this past Sunday for their "seafood buffet brunch" and I think bf paid $70 for the both of us and it was not worth it! They have a good variety of food but the selections isn't much and the quality was average. I'd much rather pay that $70 for The Wicked Spoon, The Buffet (Aria) or Wynn Buffet.
4	Came on a Saturday and paid the 36 for lunch. I can't say its the best buffet in Vegas, although they did they smoke salmon which was a plus. I was really looking for lobster buffet, but there seams to be only 3 in Vegas, one which is 90 bucks, and the other two doesn't have good reviews but i'll have to see for myself.What I notice about this buffet is that there is wine and beer.  Pretty much I feel like you get for what you pay, although I was looking for lobster, Vegas buffets in my opinion are all pretty much the same.
5	Came for Breakfast, many items were great or above average.  Not everything, some items were merely adequate, not bad, but nothing to write home about.  Weekday breakfast price was $11, making it a good bargain for a buffet.  Overall, the selection was pretty good and overall quality above average.There's a nice view of the strip if you sit at the window furthest from the entrance.Highlights - apple danish, biscuits and gravy, bacon, scrambled eggs, smoked ham, smoked salmon, pear with blue cheese, cheese blintz. Deserts were great and included at least a dozen flavors of gelato.Lunch and dinner offer unlimited beer and wine, something I haven't seen at other Vegas buffets.
5	This buffet is by far the best I went to in Las Vegas. Its pretty cheap if you go before 10:30 too. The quality of the food is really good too.The Asian selection is pretty good compared to the other buffets as well.Make sure to get some gelato and their dessert section!
3	Thanks for many great reviews from Yelp, I chose to go to this buffet for my Vegas visit and experience it for myself.  I have high expectation from many 4-5 stars reviews I've read.  When I got there, my first impression was a good one because the line was long and the wait was  close to 1 hour and 15 minutes.  This gave me an impression that people really like this buffet.  When I walked in, the first thing on the left is the alcohol.  Coors light, cider, root beer, chardonnay, and cabernet are some alcoholic samples.  The right side is the desert station.  Most deserts were very appealing and tasty.  Of course, there was 8 or 10 different kind of ice creams.  Some of my favorites are creme brulee, flan, pistachio ice cream, and chocolate cheese cake.Once passed the entrance is the main food station.  It was laid out as one continuous curve.  Some main dishes were a little salty and others tasted  just a little light. There were American, Chinese, Mexican, Thai, and Japanese food.  There wasn't much selection with Japanese food, only two kinds of sushi. I had tri-tip steak, and it tasted just as good as the $30 steak from the Rio Bar and Grill.  There was some sea food but no crab legs: mostly shrimps, tuna balls, clams and mussels.  Other than the carve station, other food did not taste that great.  I had gone to several buffets and each buffet has its pluses.  However, Studio B is not as good as people reviewed it.  I would not give it any more than a 3.5 stars.I hope people write their review as a true review.
4	This buffet has to be the best buffet I've been to here in Las Vegas. Came to check it out because I didn't feel like cooking and my boyfriend plays poker at the M everyday, so my mother and I went to go meet up with him for dinner. Went through the VIP line, but the buffet is pretty small compared to all the others, so it took a while to get seated. They have a really good selection and variety. Some out of the norm range like Hawaiian & Greek. To be honest, I do think it is over priced though. Only reason why we came was because the boyfriend gets like 15% off or something for us and my mother gets free buffet comps all the time for here, but hey, if you have money to spend then go for it. I'm currently pregnant, so I didn't get to try the unl. beer & wine bar, but if your coming to get your drink on, then i guess you can say it's decently priced. Lol. The desert bar was amazing! My favorite was the crepes w/ ice cream. They also have a barista so you can enjoy a cup of joe with your desert.
5	We had always thought the Wynn Buffet was at the top-but not this trip. December 2011 showed the truth. Studio B has really fine food. The only bummer is that they do not have opened crab legs for my 80 year old mother to munch. They serve beer and wine (the beer was much better) with the meal that was 1/2 the price of the Wynn Buffet. Their prime rib was delicious, soft and tasty. They have excellent Chinese char siu, great fried chicken, rotisserie chicken, (turkey, I have to wait 1 year for more Turkey),wish they had booths-that is what they are lacking.
5	The M buffet is definitely one of the BEST Vegas buffets that I have had.  The food is good and the dessert is even better.  Running at about $20 for a weekday dinner buffet without the seafood (seafood is only on the weekends) it is relatively cheap.  When you first walk in the buffet doesn't seem as impressive as others like the Bellagio, etc.  There are TVs playing random video clips above the buffet, totally unnecessary, but cool.  If you walk straight ahead you will hit the meat carver.  The prime rib is where it is at!  The prime rib was well marbled and super flavorful.  It was actually more tender than some prime ribs that I have had from Lawry's.  They are sure to cover all of the ethnic foods.  You can get your Mexican nachos, Korean galbi, and Greek wrapped olives all in one place.  To get the most out of your meal, be sure to get your fill of UNLIMITED beer and wine!After you get your fill of prime rib, be sure to save some space for the dessert bar complete with gelato and espresso!  The espressos are made to order and I got a sweet vanilla latte!  The strawberry gelato was a fave of our group.  It was creamy and fluffy at the same time.  The best of the dessert bar has to be the coconut macaroons!  I don't even like coconut and i LOVED these macaroons.  They were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside without being too coconutty (you know that waxy consistency).Highlights:- Prime rib- Gelato- Espresso- Macaroons!!!I can easily see how the Studio B Buffet at the M received the Best Buffet Award in 2010.  Deeeeeeelicious :D
4	The line here SUCKS. Big hairy (insert vulgar line here). But apart from the 2 hour wait on Black Friday, the food here is great.Not gonna lie, the service wasn't top notch like the first time I had been here. The waiter forgot that I ordered water and when I asked him again, he was like "Oh sure, of course!" and both my dad and I were just befuddled at how no lightbulb went off in his head that we had already ordered that. And he was lucky that night, my parents and I didn't go crazy so he didn't have that many plates to clear.The pumpkin and mushroom ravioli was DIVINE. I kept going back for more. The sweetness of the pumpkin was so refreshing in the ravioli, compared to all your typical meat sauce and cheese raviolis. The beet salad was also a great palate cleanser, I love beets! Ooh, and don't forget the prime rib! It was super tender and my favorite part was actually the more well done outer bits of the slice. And for the first time, I dipped the meat into the sauce that's supposed to go with prime rib...like heaven. In ma mouth. Let's see...what else, I don't know, they have all your typical buffet stuff, soup, salad, sushi, seafood, meat, classics, asian, etc. I looove their dessert line though. The banana crepes are soo delish and all the desserts are so cute. Little tarts, cookies, cakes and creams. And they even have a gelato scooper at the end. I tried as much as I could to my sweet heart's desire.This was also a special occasion for me because I paid for our meal with my 1st paycheck ever :D I think because it was dinner and thanksgiving weekend, the buffet was about $37 or something per person. The grand total turned out to be about $111 or somewhere around there. It's really sad that M is so far off the strip. It's a really nice and classy hotel in my opinion. And I think the buffet is really reasonable and worth it compared to some of the bigger hotels right on the strip. I'll definitely come back next time during the cheaper lunch on non-holiday weekends!P.S. It really irks me how buffet lines don't just give you a buzzer to tell you when it's your party's turn next...doesn't it make sense not to make people stand in your line for 2 hours that they could be spending depositing their life savings into your slot machines and crap tables?! If you let us wander while we wait for our spot in the buffet, we would definitely end up playing. Come on, it's vegas!
5	I could not even consider giving this place less then 5 stars. First, the selection is diverse, and the food is of great quality and fresh. There is not only a wide array of various food types and styles, but the dessert bar is also amazing, serving up creme brulee' and gelato! My 2 favorite points:-All you can drink beer and wine! -The price per quality is out of this world. $15 dollars for what I received was unreal(Lunch price). I thought it was a trick, and was expecting a National Lampoons style buffet. I was pleasantly surprised when i did not receive it. There are many great buffets on the strip, however, the food here is amazing and given at an unmatchable price! Enjoy at your own risk!
5	Last day in Vegas, bf and his friends met up at this place and holy cow this is the best buffet I've had this whole trip!! For $33.99 you get over 200 choices of dishes and free beer, wine and cider! woooohooooo! now ain't that da bomb?! Plus it's a seafood buffet so I totally stacked up on crab legs and raw oysters...fresh and yummy! also have a awesome selection of desserts and gelato and did I mention unlimited beer, wine and cider? =D This buffet isn't even on the strip or near Vegas...it's actually a different location...about 20 minutes local from the Vegas strip...it's a casino/ resort. The best thing of all is when we got there around 2...there was no lines and it's a Saturday. Last time my bf came here he told me he waited 2 hours to get in but today..nope..not even five minutes of waiting =D....but then it did started getting busy around 4ish...then the line started to built while we were already chowing away delicious sorts of meats, pastas, seafood, and desserts. By the time we left around 4:45pm there was a very long line! Overall I definitely would not mind coming to this casino/resort for it's buffet...heck I'll even stay here anytime instead of the staying on Vegas strip..lol
5	Alot of my friends always talk about this place and every time they go they rave and rant about how great it is! When we first got there I wasn't expecting too much because it eventually gets hyped up too much and my expectations are never met. This wasn't the case here though. The food was SO good and I really liked the set up they had here. Yummy ribs, crab legs, oysters, gelatto, oh my goodness the list just goes on. They have a pretty big selection of things to choose from but my favorite part of the entire buffet was probably the desserts! YUMMY. so many things to choose from and they have cappuccinos and lattes for you to drink when you're done with your meal. YAY Studio B! You get my seal of approval :]! I'll definitely pay you another visit the next time in Vegas! And for all you reading the reviews for the place, they're all pretty spot on with it! Come check it out and you'll be surprised by how good this place is!
1	Skip this place and drive to a better buffet.What I'd get here:  Crab legs. Only get the crab legs.Who I'd take here: Friends after a night on the town.Comparable to: Any buffet on the strip. Food Quality: 0The food here is worse than other buffets. Everything was disappointing, except for the crab legs. This place also charges an on-the-strip price for the buffet despite all this. The only redeeming quality is the booze.-2 disappointed with everything we got. -1 very expensive for what you're getting.Service Quality: -1The service for us was OK, but we witnessed a situation where a baby ended up vomiting near us. One of the wait staff ran up to the table and told them they had to leave, she was being extremely abrasive, and yelling. It came to the point where tables around them had to stop eating and watch this drama unfold, culminating into the manager having the wait person apologize to the family for yelling at them. You'd think they'd be offered some sort of free meal for this order, but it was left at a simple apology. Terrible.-4 abrasive wait staff.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2This place is off the strip, so it's not a desireable place to go unless you're staying here for some reason (i can't fathom).-1 off the strip.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(.3) = 0. The first and only zero I've ever given a place.
5	Best buffet in Vegas. That is all.
4	wayyyy too much selection! All the food is amazing and it's fresh. This is one of the few buffets I know of where BOTH Asian and American dishes were yummy! The desserts were amazing and cute too; my favorite was the mango parfait and the gelato. The poor servers here were working to the bone to serve us!There was this server, Becky, a forty-somethin year old woman wearing pig-tails, who was a bit weird. We asked her if there were tools to break down the crab legs since they only gave us the weak and useless plastic crab leg scraper. Her reaction was this: "You HAVE them, I GAVE them to you!" in a defensive and whiny tone as if we were blaming her for not having tools. Later on she said the buffet didn't have the good quality tools because people kept taking them home. That made sense, but she didn't have to react like that at first! yeesh. For a second, I thought she was a serial killer from looking at her facial expression as she said that.
2	Maybe because it was Xmas or maybe because I don't like to wait for 4 hours but in any event, this did not meet the hype and in turn, my expectations.  To be fair, there were some outstanding dishes.  The prime rib, for example, was outstanding.  The dessert bar had a great selection of gelato and sorbets. Compared to other buffets it rates a 7 on a10 point scale.  By comparison, I would rate the brunch buffet at the Sheraton Grand in San Francisco is a 9.5.  The best is the breakfast buffet at the Shangri-la in Hong Kong [a definite 10!] But all in all, I don't think it was worth the 4 hour wait.  On that note, I think the restaurant could do a better job of managing the long lines.  Knowing that there will be large crowds, they should let customers check in and either have them return at a specified time rather than wait in a long meandering line.  It gets tense and irritable waiting that long.
5	I think this is my new favorite buffet in Vegas. Located off the strip. What makes this buffet really good is the combination of variety and quality in the items. Plus there's desserts! You get beer and wine included as well? Awesome. Most people would dig this place just for the seafood. They have crab legs warm and cold. A Chinese food area, italian food area, USA #1 food area. I tried a bit from each area and it tasted good to great. Which is pretty cool considering almost every buffet has stuff where you wonder why they even added a certain item. I had some raspberry gelato and it was a nice clean finish to a large meal. The server was a little slow, but she got our drink orders right and gave refills when needed.Would definitely come back to this buffet again.
4	What's Good:-Atmosphere-Price-Tri tip is excellent -Chocolate Soufle is moistWhat's Bad:-2 hour wait (Wednesday Night)This place may be a personal stopping point when entering or leaving Vegas. I'm not a huge fan of buffets, but this is my favorite so far.
4	This buffet belongs in my Top Favorite Vegas Buffet List! Reasons Why:- Variety- Fresh Crab Legs- Layout of the buffet stationsThere's not much I can say because most buffets are the same, yes it's all-you-can-eat, yes there's unlimited beer and wine, yes they have amazing dessert! Just make sure to plan and wait in a very long line on the weekends because it can take up to 2-3 hours to be seated. PRICES AND HOURS OF OPERATION:Monday - FridayBreakfast 7am-10:30am $10.99Lunch 10:30am-2:30pm $15.99Dinner (M-Th) 4pm - 9pm $23.99FridaySeafood Dinner 4pm - 10pm $33.99Saturday - SundaySeafood Brunch 9am - 2:30pm $33.99Seafood Dinner 2:30pm - 10pm $33.99
5	Best Buffet in town.. Hands down. Very long lines, but it's worth it. Great Seafood and Thai Food, plus all the beer and wine you can drink.
4	If I HAD to eat one buffet every day this would be the one I would pick..The long lines are a minus,but that shows others  [mostly locals] also feel as I do.
5	I thought that because the M Resort was a couple of miles away from the strip that this buffet would not be so busy. I was definitely wrong. I paid for the breakfast, but by the time I was seated, it was already lunch time. I waited approximately 30-40 minutes before I was seated.Although I did not reap this benefit due to the fact that I was driving, beer and wine are unlimited during lunch and dinner time. There is a huge variety of food here, so much variety that I had sampled so many of them. By the time I left the buffet, I was completely stuffed. There is something for everyone here, including a large selection of food for vegetarians.The people that worked here were completely nice. The assistant manager was telling me about the variety they had here which was a very nice personal touch. I loved the modern feel of the buffet including all the TV screens that wrapped around the entire buffet. It felt like I was in a minature stadium, but instead surrounded by delicious food.
4	It was a great deal for 20 something dollars and it included beer and wine. My favorite was the Chinese dishes and the Filipino dishes.
3	Either I came on an off day or my expectations were just too high for this place. Ate here on a Friday night and the line wasn't bad, but it did take almost 20 minutes to get through the 10-15 people ahead of us. Some people say they liked the layout of this place, I didn't. All the people lining up for the crab legs block all the food right ahead of it, so you don't know whether to cut in front of them if you just want to grab something, or wait with everyone else even if you're not going for the crab legs. The crab legs were pretty good. The oysters were not. The prime rib was good. The sushi not so much. The gelato was good. The other desserts not so much. Beware they have macaroons, not macarons. The veggie dishes were fresh. The shrimp cocktails were small and limpy. The unlimited beer and wine is a nice addition, but really are you going to fill yourself up with alcohol at a buffet? This place is probably on par with Wynn and Bellagio, but at a lower price point, so that's a plus. I'm actually interested in trying their non-seafood buffet and seeing what kind of food you can get in that. Either way, I may need to give this place another shot as I was ever so slightly disappointed.
4	$10.99 AYCE Breakfast. $15.99 AYCE Lunch. One of the better deals in and around Vegas.  They have so much variety! Plus, you can get alcoholic drinks included with your meal! The servers are pretty friendly, too, compared to other places I go to, and the open space makes it feel so relaxing.The food is typical buffet food.  What makes it go above and beyond the other buffets is the price, service, and variety.  The flan was delicious.  And if there was something I'd have to choose here to eat over and over again, I'd probably go with the mussel.  Oh yes, lunch will include some breakfast items (bacon, eggs, sausages).  No omelette, though.
5	One & Only GREAT Buffet in Vegas.It's a bit far out there but it's worth the drive. The food is Great, it's unlimited wine, tip beer, fresh cappuccino, espresso etc. I love their salmon tuna salad with ponzu sauce, shrimp cocktail, there fruits are almost always sweet, the prime rib is not over cook which I love, the sweet & mush potatoes are great and the dessert area OMG. Fresh crepe, fresh cookies,  flan, creme brulee and gelalo.I love their raspberry ice tea, always get 2-3 cups heheeMon-Fri Breakfast 7:00am-10:30am $10.99Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $7.99Mon-Fri  Lunch starts 10:30am - 2:30pm  $15.99Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $11.99Mon-Thurs dinner is  $23.99 from 4:00pm-9:00pmChildren 5 yrs - 8 yrs $17.99From Friday dinner-Sunday it's Seafood weekend all day sat & sun it's $33.99 with seafood stuff.Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $26.99Discount with ur player card don't forget. If u play a lot they send u coupons for buy 1 get 1 free or Free just for u every month.If you don't have a vip line pass or disable id the wait on the line is long. Every time I go there is always a line. Lucky I'm VIP hehee
1	Horrible experience.  Went there with my father over Labor Day.  When we arrived the line was very long, but moving so we decided to get in.  At first the line crept along, but at least it moved.  Then it slowed down. Then it slowed down to a stop.  We had already paid so we were stuck.  We saw MANY open tables and numerous hostesses talking amougnst themselves about what to do, but not actually doing anything like actually seating the customers.  It took over 1 1/2 hours from getting in line to getting to our table.  And remember there were many, many open tables so there was more than enough seating.  Just not enough customer service.  No food, especially at an expensive buffet such as this, is worth that wait.  Will never go back.
5	It's not just an ALL YOU CAN EAT FOOD, but all you can eat GOOOOOOODNESS!!!!UNLIMITED beers, champagne, wine, gelato, lattes, cappuccino, yummy food, and YUMMY DESSERTS :) OFF THE STRIP, but worth the driveLONG LINE(2hrs), but worth the waitI went to vegas 3 times last year and ate at 1 buffet  for each visit. By far, this was theeee BEST ONE of all buffet's i've been to in vegas. The other two buffets were in Aria and Bellagio. Our visit was on a sunday, which was a 2 hour wait in line, so just a heads up, show up early... not when your feeling hungry cause your ass is guna have to wait line like the rest of everybody else.
5	Love Love Love this buffet!!!  We have been coming here for the past 3 years for our annual New Year's Eve dinner.  Love it!!!
5	All I can say is this place is AWESOME.  The deserts are so delish!!!  You get a wide variety of dishes from seafood to Asian.  They even have gelato and cappuccino.  You can even order wine!  When in Vegas I always go to Studio B.  Get there early because the like get long quick.
5	FOREWARNING: Anticipate somewhere around an 1 hr 30 min - 2 hour wait.  I thought we'd be in the clear with it being Monday and all...but we were met with about an hour + 40 minute wait! My boyfriend was becoming enflamed as we waited and waited. He said if he would have been given a little heads-up (I guess I forgot to mention that litlle tidbit of info to him), his nerves would have been way less taut and frazzled. So I'm giving you a heads-up...expect around a 1 hr + wait.A friend told me about this buffet, a friend that is a restaurant owner, so I figured it would probably be something pretty special. We came during lunch, which is served from 10:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. and is priced at $15.99. Breakfast is served from 7:00 - 10:30 a.m. and is $10.99. Dinner starts at 4:00 p.m. and runs till 10:00 p.m. and is priced at $23.99. The Grand Seafood Buffet is only served on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays for $33.99. Children 4 & Under eat free! With these prices, no wonder people were surging in!  We missed out on the Seafood Buffet but there is so much food during the lunch and dinner periods, that you will be more than happy. They have salmon and albacore nigiri, futomaki sushi rolls, crawfish, grilled shrimp, fried shrimp, pear & walnut salad, gourmet salads, pastas, antipastos, mussels, prime rib, roasted chicken, roast beef, applewood bacon, turkey, chicken a la king, paella, hummus, pita bread, enchiladas, nachos, ham 'n cheese mac, oxtail soup, ponsit, lumpia, egg rolls, chicken masala, saag paneer, pizza, calzones, lasagna, lattes, cappuchinos, expressos, hot chocolate, creme brulee, tiramisu, fruit tarts, cannolis,  gelato, French macaroons, cookies, chocolate souflee, amaretto cups, brownies, chocolate-covered strawberries, crepes, fruit, pudding, bottomless wine & beer and so so much more. And these were only the items coming off my recollection and from the lunch menu!Everything, save for the nigiri, was very tasty. The nigiri was not bad - it just didn't have that freshly made flavor (which is totally understandable considering the mass volume of output at play here). The rice was crunchy from refrigeration. The paella was my favorite - seasoned shrimp, clams and rice in a savory broth. The goat cheese and walnut salad and the ham 'n cheese mac were excellent. My boyfriend liked the oxtail soup and the prime rib. The chocolate souffle and the oreo cookie gelato were quite delicious. And the cappuchinos made by their Studio B barista were strong, hot and frothy. Studio B Buffet is a great dining option if you can contend with the long wait.  I'm mean, people were rolling in 12-people deep!! I'm still on the fence about the 2 hour wait. It is a beautiful, impressive spread of food though, with lots of wonderful food, so I'll probably be back (I gotta try the Seafood Buffet).
4	Now this is the best buffet in Vegas, in the Strip. The display is as flashy as all the other places in Vegas but the quality of the food made the difference. The variety was great. The prime rib was moist even if my piece wasn't one of the fresh ones and the omelette station was nice to have. They had better sushi than other buffets and it actually had fish. Their dessert station had plenty of choices even more than the selection at Wicked Spoon but most were too sweet for me. Overall, this buffet was better than the ones on the Strip and it was cheaper, around $20 per person. I understand if you don't want to drive to this place but if you are on your way back and thinking about a nice ending on your way back to LA, this isn't a bad place.
2	Came here on a Thursday night and we got in pretty fast since we were there early. The price for their dinner buffet is, by far, the cheapest I've encountered. All you can drink alcohol is a major plus, serving beer and wine.The Asian selection of the buffet was okay, but the rest were just subpar. The prime rib was too dry even though it was medium rare. The tri tip was chewy and the eclairs and cream puffs tasted like it's been refrigerated for a while. Went here because of the raves from family and friends but overall, I was disappointed.  Maybe I just expected too much...
5	Great taste for everything they serve.  Don't forget to try their dessert and coffee.  Our family went there at 10:30am to wait in line for an hour.  A group of my friends went there at 1:00pm need to wait for at least 3 hours.  So, get there early.Will go back next time.
5	To die for. Provided its by the state line of Nevada I would be willing to take the time to get there. About a 10-15 min drive from the Las Vegas Strip  . Our group did the $34.00 seafood dinner. It was amazing. Great seats right by the window. You could get a great pic of the Las Vegas Strip. I would probably frequent the place if it wasn't so far. Get there early for dinner/seafood dinner on Friday or Saturday nights.
4	prime rib was good different food all choice for most people
3	Came on a Friday nite at 6 and we got in at 8, the line is huge! $37 per person, all you can eat, all you can drink, although I started tipping the lady who pours drinks after my 4th glass of champagne. Booze is cheap wine and champagne and some 4  beers on tap. All kinds of food you can think of and most people indulge in tons of crab legs. You can sense the smell of buffet, but that's almost every buffet and I would say that this one is one of the cleanest in Vegas. Also I'm not a big fan of buffets, the food is cheap meat and vegetables cooked with who knows what to make them taste good, but that's just me. We had fun with friends and enjoyed the drinks and 2 of the friends won big, big bucks gambling in the M Resort that night, so I would say that it was a good night!
5	Totally glad my friends introduce me to this buffet, I think I have found my new favorite buffet in LV now. If you don't like waiting[depending on the time you go, we can about noon time and just walked right in], unlimited beer, wine, and drinks, the same quality of food you can find the buffets on the strip all for a cheaper price, than Studio B is the place for you. Selection of food ranges from your American breakfast to you're the Asian fusion of food with everything else in between. Hands down the oysters were so fresh here, they had two stations for all you crab legs lover so waiting for seafood isn't a problem here. I've only got to try at least  1/2 of the food here as I got too full but I would totally come back to this buffet from now on. Totally worth the drive off the strip to eat!
5	This place is 20 minutes away from the strip? but it's on the way home to Cali though. This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas & i've tried 4 other buffets in LV already. I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere here, the decor is really fancy. I went here for the lunch buffet with my family, 5 people & it was under 100$ (i think it was 80$?), and they had unlimited beer & wine. what a steal! I made more than 6 trips back & forth. They had all different kinds of foods there to Mexican food (salsa, taquita, tamales), Japanese (edamame, sushi, salad), American (ribs, beef steak, different potatoes/fried/mash), Soups (clam chowder, hot&sour), Desserts galoreeee (creme brulee, gelatin, cookies, cheesecake) Seafood. ETCCCC so much I can't type it all, lol. But the food is high quality & the price is so cheap! && of course the waiter/waitress are very attentive & friendly!!
4	Was recently taken here by my mother-in-law for lunch. Seating was immediate, although I've heard that's not typically the case. Unlimited beer & wine comes along with your buffet purchase. Pretty broad range of food. The seafood wasn't that fantastic, which was disappointing. My wife asked for a cut of pork shoulder, and it was very overcooked and dry. I, however, took a liking to the chinese food. If you're a big fan of dessert, I suggest coming to this place. Dessert isn't normally my cup of tea, but I figured I'd try some things since it was my first time dining there. The chocolate souffle is a gift from the heavens, and I don't even like chocolate. They make these neat little squares of marshmallow&chocolate that are super tasty. They have a fully stocked section of endless sugary treats and an ice cream & gelato freezer. Tried the raspberry gelato. Perfect way to end a meal :) Will definitely go back.
5	This is your LAST call before leaving Las Vegas! Go with your instict to stop over at the M Casino and Resort before taking off...  Your last grand buffet before going back to regular boring life style.. Stop off for your last grand buffet at Studio B! You'll thank me later! (Or hate me)Got to admit it, pretty good buffet! What blew my mind away was not the food, but yet the dessert bar! How could there be such delicious all you can eat dessert bar?? I am devastated they ended the senior deal so my folks didn't get their discount. We paid  about $35 per person. One of the best part to not give up on this was there was a line for their VIPs and Handicap and another line for everyone else. Well, keep in mind if anyone in your party is in a wheel chair or an elderly, you can get into the handicap line and get in without much waiting! My family is really not a big fan about buffets only because are eyes are way bigger then our stomach and we feel like crap afterward! BUT... who can resist missing one of the best Buffet in Las Vegas. I kind of forced everyone for a final stop and forced to have lunch at Studio B before heading to LA.The food was impeccable. Prime rib and King crab legs, I just stuffed my face with these two items! haha. Fresh and delicious.cusines, from Chinese cuisine to Mexican, American, French! The list keeps going!Oh my Gawd! The dessert section is like heaven. And usually at buffets the desserts doesn't taste so good, their either too sweet or not sweet enough, but this place is amazing! All different kind of cupcakes, from Red velvet, chocolate to peanut butter.Creme Brule, to all kind of cakes, macaroons, the best a full gelato bar!I had a pistachio nut gelato and a cappuccino (Yes even a cappuccino bar) to end my meal!!UNLIMITED EVERYTHING!!.. including Wine, Beer, Cappuccino, Express, and Gelato!!  :-)))
4	We've only been here once because of the previous reviews and we were not disappointed. We arrived on Sunday for the seafood buffet. The line was long but moved along pretty fast. There's a special area where you can sit next to the open window that overlooks Henderson which is beautiful.Fri-Sun is the seafood buffet and they had free beer, wine and champagne. To start I had the prime rib which was FANTASTIC. My slices was rare, soft, juicy and extremely flavorful which is everything you can ask for.. The chicken was juicy and not dry and they even had Paneer which is my favorite Indian dish. I cannot eat shellfish but my wife tried the crabs and I've never seen her eat so much before in my life (she's not a huge fan of shellfish) The desserts there are freshly baked and have a wide variety as well as gelato. The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because there were some dishes that didn't look appealing and didn't taste great. The kalbi ribs, for example, weren't make correctly and looks like they just threw some sauce on it. There was a few minor ones as well that just didn't look fresh There was something else we had that wasn't too appealing either but we definitely enjoyed it.
4	I haven't tried the wynn or bellagio, but this place is my favorite buffet in vegas. Everything is decent and tastes good, not like the wicked spoon inside the cosmopolitan. They used to have stone crab claws, which was my favorite. I wish they brought that back, and if they did I would give them five stars.
5	The best place before entering and leaving Las Vegas.  For the price you can't beat it.  Especially since its also ALL  YOU CAN DRINK Beer and Cider with your meal.  To some thats worth it just for that alone.  Everything they have is presentable and tasty.  Very clean atmosphere.  Desert Bar is top notch in my opinion.  So much crab and seafood!! Just look at everyone's pictures.  In my opinion it beats most on the strip for half the cost and to me that is worth it especially if you didn't eat from since Los Angeles on your way into Vegas.  My friends and I have driven out here for a buffet run and went back to LA just for M Resort
4	Like this place needs another review!!! (I THINK SO!!!!)For $30+/per person for either BLD, I think it's worth it! Vegas is all about their buffets and extravagance - Studio B is probably the epitome of both! I heard lines can form and people wait for hours just dying to eat here on the weekends. BUT!!!!! If you just come a little bit earlier (which is why the early bird gets the worm), you'd be able to not wait as long and just chow down as you intended to.I came here for my grandmother's 75th birthday. My fam bam took her out to brunch. Service was awesome and the food was grastronomical! Food that they cater to: Mediterranean/Lebanese, Japanese, Hawaiian, Filipino, American, Southern, Mongolian, Italian, Chinese, Seafood (FRESHLY STEAMED KING CRAB LEGS & OYSTERS!!!), Mexican, Indian and the desserts!Memorable foods I'd love to eat HERE again:- Hawaiian Poke - Hawaiian Lau lau- Caprese Salad- Ribs- Sweet Potatoes- King crab legs- Oysters[SODIUM WARNING] I took off one star due to the HIGH salty taste of their LOBSTER BISQUE SOUP. It sounds amazing, but just tasting the darn thing reeked sodium overload! I couldn't finish the bowl I had poured for myself and hated that such great food went to waste [**insert sad face here**]DESSERTS: I enjoyed all of their mini dessert shooters! Pistachio, Tiramisu, Cookies N' Creme are just to name a few...... Not to mention their gelato, yummy cakes, cookies and other decadent delightfuls! Desserts weren't over-powering sweet! Just right to end your meal extravaganza at Studio B!Overall thought?I will definitely come back to Studio B when I'm back in the neighborhood! Great service, great food (minus the lobster bisque) and come hungry (and early) to get your moolah's worth!Next time: I'm going to tackle the "unlimited wine" I heard about!
4	Came here before the start of a wild weekend in vegas. 18 bucks for a lunch buffet that was pretty much a you get what you pay for deal. Everything was either mediocre or good, but not great. Ate the tri-tip the most and wanted but snow crab legs but then i remembered it was a 18 dollar buffet and they didnt have. Basically seafood was pretty shitty and by shitty i mean average.Also unlimited pbr and coors light if youre into that type of getting wasted. not sure who the hell would drink that as a refreshment.Basically if youre poor and want a buffet come here and youll be satisfied otherwise just spend the money else where.
4	So I asked my Facebook friends for a good buffet in Vegas -- and I got tons of response for this buffet, so my some of my friends and I decided to pay a visit.We arrived at 3:50PM, and dinner started at 4PM; Luckily, we were able to get away paying for the price of lunch, which was $17. Can you say "WINNER?!"The wait wasn't too bad -- just because we came at an awkward hour; however, the wait for crab legs and oysters were a little ridiculous. The line was long, and I think it didn't really help with all the seniors there taking their time-- not to hate on our beloved senior citizens or anything. Other than that, there were a ton of great selections-- from crab legs (not king crab legs), oysters, CRAWFISH, to basic tuna/salmon sushi, etc. My favorite were the KBBQ ribs and fresh oysters. Oh, and the dessert selection wasn't too bad-- CREME BRULEE! GELATO! ... And the rest were mediocre, just because they were a tad cold.On top of that, UNLIMITED DRINKS! Well, sorta. One of my favorites was the M Cider-- which was like apple cider, with a bit of alcohol. Being the one shot wonder that I am, I was only able to have one drink... and I was still unable to finish it.Overall, M Buffet was great. One star off, just because of that line for crab legs and fresh oysters. Other than that, I wouldn't mind coming back -- it's like the PERFECT stop before Vegas, if you're coming from California!Turn Ons:-A large variety of food!-M Cider!Turn Offs:-Long lines.
5	Wooow!! This buffet was hella good, I couldn't stop eating! The M resort itself is beautiful! We took the free shuttle to the M from the Fashion show mall on a Friday morning. It's pretty convenient the stop is outside the Forever 21 and its about a 15 minute ride, Back to the buffet: When we arrived there wasn't a line and we paid only about $14.95, i think, for lunch. You also get unlimited beer, wine and they have all kinds of coffee and desserts. My fav was the Generals chicken and the fried prawns. Yum, Yum! The best buffet in Vegas. I literally ate until I couldn't eat anymore
3	Came for Brunch, ended up spending close to 80.00 for two people. I had heard major hype about this place at work,online,etc. So I finally decided to check it out. Nothing special, typical brunch food, line was extremely long. In my opinion not worth it.
5	we had to pick up our criss angel tickets at luxor and we were hungry. since we were on that side of town we decided to go check out the m resort and the buffet there. it was a drive to get there. its a beautiful place, the buffet was amazing. so many selections. the food didn't taste like typical buffet food, more like restaurant quality. but dont get fooled, its not fine dining, just the best buffet food we've had.
4	I have a hard time putting this LV buffet in the top of my pyramid of buffets in LV when I love the Wynn buffet so much.  But in in terms of value this is the best place for your buck.  Studio B offers complimentary beer and wine unlike the other buffets in LV, but the only drawback of this buffet is that you need a car or you need to pay a hefty taxi fee to get to The M Resort, the location of Studio B.  It's a hike from the strip, which is why I only see SoCal peeps, local peeps, and high rollers staying in the hotel or gambling in the casino.Studio B is phenomenal.  The quality of the food is pretty darn good for a buffet.  I like the fact they have oxtail, crawfish, and crabs (on seafood night), and other high quality dishes.  My only recommendation would be to stay clear of this buffet during the holidays.  We waited 3 hours in line to get in this past Christmas.  Unfortunately, for us, our line pass was good for January only...darn!  Other than holidays the lines aren't really that bad compared to the other buffets in The Strip.  I would rather come to Studio B than the Wynn or Bellagio buffets if I had no line pass and a mode of transportation.  The Wynn buffet is still my fave.  If the Wynn would offer me a line pass...I would choose it beyond any other in LV.
4	A little further down from the strip, but well worth the trip! People don't make the 20 minute long drive down to Studio B buffet for nothing, especially since it boasts an impressive seafood dinner buffet. The lines can get pretty long, so I suggest arriving early. And just because the first line you enter moves relatively quickly, doesn't mean that the second line you go in after you pay will be just as fast. Many a torturous minute I spent agonizing over the beholding sight of fresh seafood, crab legs and decadent desserts. But once you get in, prepare to race towards the seafood and pile your plate with fresh snow crab legs and sushi. And don't forget to ladle some of that hot, drawn butter for dipping. Mmm, butter. The rest of the food is pretty good, although I feel that they could actually have more choices of seafood besides the usual sushi, mussels and crab legs. The sushi is okay tasting but if you want sashimi, then just ask the chef for a plate of chopped sashimi. Besides seafood, you'll find the typical buffet fare such as prime rib, ham and turkey breast. The dessert section is awesome and offers a wide array of selections. Creme brulee, cupcakes, mereingue cookies, caramel flan, gelato and many other choices, eating dessert is equally as exciting as eating dinner. The seafood dinner buffet costs around $35, so be prepared to spend a little $$. Compared to the other buffets on the Las Vegas Strip, I'd say that this buffet trumps all the other top buffets.
5	For living in Southern Highlands, I can't believe how stupid I was in not coming here earlier. My stomach prolly hates me right meow!Hawaii family was in town and wanted to try something new.I've always heard about this buffet but, hearing that they had oysters on the menu sealed the deal.We arrived to an hour long wait. Which is to be expected on a Saturday night. Thankfully the bar was near by so, we had a few drinks to entertain us in line. Drinks were cheap, too =) You don't even know how shocked I was at paying $15 for 3 drinks.Once we got inside, I headed straight for the oysters. Ugh, SOOO GOOD!And next to the oysters was OXTAIL and KALUA PIG AND CABBAGE.I have never been to a buffet that has any of those. I was, literally, blown away.Their dessert menu is, by far, bigger and better than Wicked Spoon. And we alllll know how much iiiiiiiiiiiiiii love Wicked Spoon. It was levels on levels of desserts AND they, also, had dessert and coffee drinks made to order. IN-SANE.By the time, I ate my way through the buffet line was when I realized that WINE AND BEER WAS AYCE (AYCD), too. Sadly, I was too stuffed to drink anything. In the words of Arnold Swartlakjdlkjdlkja;lkjf - "I'll be back!"
4	Went here on a Friday night and it was seafood night. Hot and Cold Crab legs, fish and chips, poki, assorted sushi, mussels, oysters on the half shell, clam chowder and all of the other stuff such as prime rib, roast turkey, deserts galore, and the complimentary beer and wine! I have been here twice and was very, very satisfied. We had a nice view by the window and it was nice to not sit near the hustle and bustle closer to the food. Hey eating in a buffet, a little walk helps the digestion!! Awesomely priced for the selection of food. Smaller portions than the usual buffet plates which means that they rotate and move the food more often, keeping it fresher. Can't wait to go back!
5	Long line but we moved fast. Excellent food that rivals good restaurant. Try the NY strip steak and fresh seafood. Desserts were excellent as well.
5	One of my fav buffet! Unlimited champagne, wine and beer! How awesome is that?! Great quality of food and variety of food. Pretty pricey but very worth it. Everything was delicious. This buffet is on top of my list. A must try resto. :)
3	I've heard many great things about this buffet.  How can you beat unlimited wine and beer?  You can also get espresso, mochas, lattes and other coffee concoctions.   They have many great menu selections from Italian, American, Asian, Mexican, crawfish, mussels, etc. They have a good desserts, but their gelato is just okay. They seating is plenty and they have a great view.  The price is about $16 per person for lunch, which isn't bad for a buffet, however, I am only giving Studio B Buffet a 3.5 stars since the quality of food could be better.  Although it is a step up from the Rio or most of the buffets offered through the Buffet of Buffets , I don't think it is better than Aria or Paris. For the price, it is not bad and I would come again if I am hunkering for a decent buffet.
5	My favorite buffet in Las Vegas (although it is in Henderson)!  The crab legs are delicious, the variety is fantastic, deserts are pretty tasty, and the staff is super friendly!My husband and I would go at least once a month and told all our friends about it.  We tried other buffets, including the boasted Rio, but none of them were as good as the M.The wait can be a bit much so try to get there early!
3	Although cheaper than the buffets on the strip, I have to say I wasn't as impressed with some of the options at M resort. The crab legs are a big attraction, and for me, the dessert bar was top notch. But the rest of the food? Meh.This is all coming from someone who wouldn't appreciate the open bar though (all you can drink wine and beer). I'm sure if you add that in - some would think this is by far the best option if you're looking for a buffet in Vegas.For those who are on the strip, it's not an easy place to access unless you have a car and are willing to drive out and back. I was lucky to have a local with a car there to be chauffeur.If I go back to Vegas and want a buffet, this probably wouldn't be my first choice. Favorite is still Wynn Buffet -- pricey, but you get what you pay for!
5	The M's Studio B Buffet is still a favorite of mine! On my last visit, we were able to just barely make it for the weekday lunch price of $15.99! Woot! (note: lunch ends at 2:30. if you're coming from LA, be sure to head out by 9!)The food did not disappoint. As always, I tried to have a little of everything and was pleasantly surprised to find Pancit on the menu! For those that don't know, Pancit is a Filipino noodle dish often served at parties or large get togethers. I generally make a rule to not eat Pancit unless it's home-cooked, but I took a chance with Studio B. Verdict? Not as good as my mother's, but definitely better than any I've had from Filipino restaurants!Again, I had to take advantage of the all you can drink! The house cider continues to be the best ciders I have ever had. It is just the right level of sweet and the best buzz for the buck!
5	Excellent buffet! Worth the 10 min drive from the strip!!! Mmmmmmmm :)
4	Everything was great except for the hour-long wait in line!!!Be sure to stuff yourself with crabs, unlimited wine and beer, prime rib! they have italian, american, asian, sushi bar, mongolian station, everything you can think of. the place is huge so sometimes i don't understand the line. if seafood is what you're looking for, they have oysters, clams, shrimps, mussels. also, after trying out all of what they have to offer, studio b has the best dessert bar ever. lots of things to choose from. their creme brulee is awesome, as well as their flan. their cakes and choco-marshmallows were incredibly good. fruits are fruits. they always remain the same. Remember, save room for dessert.
4	HUGE.  i mean HUGE buffet.   we went like at 1130am on a monday, and there was no wait.  BUT at 17 bucks a head, that's a little steep for lunch.  i heard their dinner was 35 bucks per head?!?!  no buffet is worth that.  i am a firm believer that all casino hotel guests should eat for free (if they are staying there)...i mean come on, they will still gamble all that money away!  anyway, the buffet is good, not great...but they have an excellent variety of foods.  EXCELLENT deserts...so don't fill up on the main courses.   we'll be back!
5	This has become our favorite buffet in Vegas, edging out Spice Market and maybe even Bellagio.The choice is amazing- German, Indian, Greek, Japanese and many Southern foods like sweet potatoes and ribs.  But the very best selection is at the dessert bar. A big selection of gelatos, and mini desserts like chocolate souffle, creme brulee, parfaits and tiny pies!  Well worth the drive.
5	MY FAVORITE BUFFET IN VEGAS!!!Unlimited moscato and mimosas! :) & a great selection of foood. I love their ribs and seafood. Usually in my first round, I have to get a plate of just crab legs and melted butter and then another plate full of the other yummy goodies!! The crab legs are bomb!!!! Heaven on earth.
3	Don't shoot me!  I don't think this buffet is worth all they hype.  We had a group of 5 and we came here on a Sunday night.  We waited in line for more than an hour.  By the time we were seated we were tired and starving.  I didn't even want wine anymore.  I got a glass anyways and drank maybe half.The food was good but nothing like..."OMG this is the best Buffet food and it was totally worth waiting for more than an hour".   NO WAY.  Would I come again?  I hope not...I don't like long lines for mediocre food that you could get at any Las Vegas buffet.
2	So here's another "parallel universe" review... where the place where we ate, had the same address as the place other yelpers ate at... but our door must've been marked, "not so good stuff inside for you!" (?)You may have heard from a friend about this buffet, or read the billboards coming into Vegas. That's what "wetted my appetite." As I was speeding into town for a trade show, I saw the word "Best" stood out on the billboard... alongside the word "buffet." And that' stuck with me from until Wednesday evening when  we drove over to the M for dinner.For someone who's visited Vegas from the late 60's until today, I know that Vegas buffets fight for that "Best Buffet" position in this town. What caught me off center was that when I saw the billboard, I missed the whole phrase, which is, "Best Buffet VALUE"... not the more direct "best buffet"... which this certainly is not. However, I do have some positives, and points of redemption, although minimal.Overall, the entree items were just OK to sub-par. The chicken enchilada and chicken tamale, sushi, Chinese food items, were not much better than fast food level. Their small offering of MIddle Eastern tabuli, hummus and stuffed grape leaves all had this weird taste. (?) The one item that saved it for me was the prime rib. And the best area of this buffet has to be the dessert bar. They have a gelato area with over 20 flavors. But other than that, this was sooo bad. It honestly reminded me of food you'd find at a Homestyle Buffet, which also reminds me of food in a chow hall. (and my references go back to things like "Midnight Chow" on the flight-line on Guam, circa '67... where chip beef on toast was the highlight of the day.)Just to make sure it wasn't just me, I asked the opinion of a friend who lives in LV, and owns a delicatessen operation in town. She said they'd tried it, and it was, in her opinion too, horrible. We concured it was like eating buik packed frozen entree items you'd get from Costco. The saving grace was the staff. We found everyone to be very friendly. And I did give our server a healthy tip. But would I return? Only if I wanted to pay a little under $25 for unlimited wine, beer, gelato, cakes, pies and cookies. So if you've been doing some weed... and really have the munchies for sweets, beer and wine... this could be your place. And a footnote about "best value." The Barona Casino in San Diego County has a buffet that's about $24 list, with discounts on the buffet for joining their players club; you get about $8 off. But the difference there, is that the food is actually pretty decent. When I'm in Vegas, I'm not looking for a great value as much as great food. So yes, I would'a paid more for "better."
3	After all the hype, we finally got to visit the seafood buffet (weekends only) at the M resort.  I do confess, our expectations were high, given all the press you hear about this place being possibly the best buffet in Las Vegas (no small feat).Well color me not all that impressed (as well the wife).  We arrived just after opening to find a short line, that hardly moved at all.  I hate lines. We had a VIP pass so we were able to use the "VIP" line, but to our dismay, it moved no faster (possibly slower) than the general admission line!  After a LONG wait to get in, we found another long, slow-moving line of people waiting to attack the King crab legs.  More frustration.  Did I mention I hate lines?  The crab legs were good, but grew cold quickly, probably because they weren't all that hot to begin with, no doubt to avoid lawsuits from patrons gulping down hot crab and burning themselves.And at a "seafood buffet,' one would expect a half-decent array of sushi.  Hardly.  Only a few choices.  And where was the lobster?  Oh, there was none. At a SEAFOOD buffet.  WTF?   The Rio seafood buffet has mini lobster tails, are you listening M?Some of the other food choices were quite good, the various salads were all scrumptious, only it was hard to get to them because the line for the crab legs blocked access to the salads.  No excuse for poor execution.One plus is the unlimited beer and wine, which I suppose would be nice if one wasn't driving home to the opposite side of the Las Vegas valley after dinner.  And perhaps if one was tipsy enough, one might overlook the issues with this buffet, perhaps that is the intent of the unlimited booze??Best part of the meal:  The cannoli were to die for.  But.... If someone asked me about the best buffet in town, I'd have to send them to the Hilton.
4	I visited Studio B during my second visit to Las Vegas. I typically HATE buffets, because random people hovering over the food I'm about to eat skeeves me.  BUT, I really enjoyed Studio B.  For $36 you get to eat pretty much any type of food you can think of, and you get unlimited wine and beer, including sparkling wine for mimosas.  The resort is a bit off the beaten path.  If I remember correctly, it's about 15 minutes away from the main part of the strip, but it is easily accessible by car with plenty of parking. The atmosphere is very nice for a buffet, and we were seated in a section in the far back with a beautiful view.    If you have a chance, take a walk around to the main lobby where they have floor to ceiling flowers that are beautiful and smell amazing.The buffet has great sneeze guards and is refreshed often, so it's not a messy pile of slop like I expected.   I was a bit disappointed by their dessert selection, but after 3 visits to the buffet I didn't have much space left anyway.   The best part? ALL YOU CAN EAT CRAB.  I don't think I need to say anything else.
2	I clearly was not here when everyone else was - the buffet was poorly stocked and dirty - there was a wide assortment of items, but it seemed that  "hot" was reserved for the salad plates; many of the hot items were not even warm.  Maybe the unlimited beer and wine makes the food taste better.  The chef on duty did his best, despite being obviously understaffed.  When problems were brought to his attention, his staff who were previously unattentive to both diners and the food, did take corrective action under his direction. The items I sampled bore little resemblance to the photos that magically attached themselves to my post.  My only photos are of pretty empty serving dishes.  A high point of the dining experience was the dessert line, with its wide assortment of creatively presented items.  Overall, I found this buffet to be overpriced and under-whelming.  Maybe it was just an off day or I should have tried the unlimited beer and wine
5	Been trying to look up "M Buffet" on yelp and couldn't find it. I guess it's actually called the Studio B Buffet in the M Resort!Amazing venue! It's totally off the strip but totally worth the drive! Probably one of the best if not the best buffet deal in Sin City! About $37 for all you can eat oysters, prime ribs, beer & wine, and more?! Hell yeah!What blew my mind was... guess what, they had Chinese styled bokchoy. MY FAVORITE. And it was delicious! Of course, if you want to get your money's worth. ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS go for the meat and seafood. I had about 3 plates filled with raw oysters and others with ham and prime ribs.Ease it on the tater tots! I know they're heavenly but you need to save space! I'm not much of an alcohol fiend so I stayed away from the unlimited beer and wine. On the other hand, all my guy friends went nuts. And their gelato bar? Can I get a scoop of.... vanilla, almond, coffee, strawberry, chocolate, and Oreo's?? Yes, ALL AT ONCE. Oh and don't forget the cream puffs!
4	All you can eat and drink?! Oh yeah!! I've been waiting to try this place for so long. The drive is 10miles from the strip but well worth it. I came here for the Saturday brunch with my boys. We ate and drank up a storm. This place is really big and well lit up. The number of foods to choose from were out of this world. I'll recommend some of my favorite things to eat.Salmon sushi: Some pieces were beautifully fatty. I ate loads of this and threw away the rice. Prime rib: When you get a fatty one thats cooked medium rare then it's awesome. So juicy and tender. Mimosa: endless amounts of champagne and oj. I left this place stumbling! Smoked Salmon bagels: Seriously the salmon here is too good! This normally would cost $10 for one. I ate so much of it. Those were the items I kept coming back to. They really had so much to choose from. I would definitely come back here.
5	Strip buffets have really gone downhill over the years..  but off the strip @ the M is a different story.   I always make sure to be hungry on my drive home so I can stop here to eat!  Gamble a little and you can get a monthly mailer that should give you 2 line passes each month, very valuable during peak times... just read some of the reviews to see the kind of wait some people are enduring to eat here.  Normally I'd insert a joke about anyone waiting that long to eat a buffet, but not here.
5	Let's keep this short & sweet. Hands down my FAVORITE buffet in Vegas thus far & let's just say..this fatty has been to quite a few. The only thing I wished was that it wasn't 10 miles off the strip :( Like all other reviewers have stated..there's practically eveything you could wish for here. From fresh crab legs to probably one of the best prime rib I've ever had to the best tasting/assortment of desserts and unlimited alcohol..seriously, what more could you really ask for?? The wait time can range from 30 minutes to 2 hours depending on how busy the weekend is. I've waited 2 hours for this buffet in the past and although my legs and back were aching from standing in line, I can definitely say it was well worth the wait. Price seems a bit steep but considering they offer fresh seasfood, a vast assortment of good quality meats, and impeccable service, the price is right in my opinion.With tax, the best $36.74 I have ever spent/will spend on my past and future Vegas trips to come :) You will not be disappointed!
4	I went for Sunday Seafood Brunch. It's $35, but with crabs and unlimited beer and wine I think it is worth it. I am biased here, but I liked the Asian style crabs here. Nice flavoring and not overpowering or salty. The raw oysters are pretty decent. I wouldn't go for sushi here. Instead I would go to Goyemon. ( I went to 3 buffets while in Vegas for 2 days practically..) Dessert selection is great. They have different flavored macaroons, tiramisu, etc. To be honest I was soo full I could barely have dessert. I did manage to stuff a creme brulee down and it was good. They have the nice sugar coating on top and its creamy. The unlimited beer and wine is awesome. I had a mimosa, red wine, and some cider. The cider is delicious. It's pink and I think it has a hint of raspberry in it. Reminds me of Wyder Cider, although Wyder Cider is better. But its unlimited here and I'm not going to complain.
5	Quite possibly the best buffet I've ever been too. On our friends recommendation we stopped by the Studio B Buffet on our way back home from Vegas. I was a bit taken back by the price of their Sunday morning buffet price $36 but now I see that its very much worth the price. They have a great amount of items to choose from. Their Clam Chowder and Lobster Bisque soups are fantastic. Freshly cooked egg's just order what you want, great tasting pizza, veggies spring rolls, fresh fruit, steak cooked to order, etc.. etc.. such a fantastic place! They have Beer on tap and Wine. Their large assortment of desserts is impressive and its hard to just eat one of their coconut macaroons! I was a kid in a candy store and I was loving it.
5	I dunno - do you like extraordinary taste served in individual dishes? authentic spices? extreeme variety? endless line of choice? free beer and wine? unique meats and vegetables? the ethnic dishes actually tast ethnic! everything super fresh? i live and eat in las vegas and this is the best buffet EVER!!!!Price is a little bit less than other strip buffets tho its not cheap. but worth it really really worth it - you leave feeling like you've had an experience and that your meal might even have been healthy.......
4	Every time I go to Vegas, this is my go-to buffet! Can't beat the price and options for the food. AND, it's topped with a gelato station, coffee station, desert station, and free BEER AND WINE! WHAAAAT? They have the best hard cider i've ever had!!!!I've been here for lunch, dinner, and seafood dinner. I'd say the best value is the lunch, which still has amazing entree options, like tri-tip. Dinner comes with juicy prime rib. The seafood dinner is a hit or miss - the last time I went, the oysters were super old and the crab legs were still semi-frozen.
4	Mmmmm all you can eat gelato & ginger crab legs? I'm in :-).This place is a little out of the way but I kinda appreciated the peacefulness of it while still having that modern NYC feeling at the same time (minus the crowds of people of coarse. This place definitely had a lot variety ranging from Asian( Thai, Korean Chinese, & Japanese) Italian, BBQ, seafood dishes, etc. It honestly depends on the type of cuisine you like because some genres were done a lot better than the others. For example the rice on the Nigiri Sushi was hard! But my Asian mother would have told me just to say the fish n leave the rice on the plate since its more of a filler. So I advice you to eat the Nigiri as if it were sashimi lol. I think I was expecting the sushi to be above other buffets that serve sushi such as Todai unfortunately it kinda fell below....My favorite entree was the ginger crab! It was sooo juicy, moist, & flavorful to the point where my mouth is watering just writing about it. My only concern was this beautiful buffet didn't have the shell crackers for me to crack open a crab leg....this was a first...so I had to manhandle my crab by cracking it open with my bare hands (remember these crabs are slathered in a ginger sauce so u can only imagine how lovely and greasy my hands were looking...barbarian status).  So please bring in your own...had I had some I would have eaten 2x the amount! The all you can drink wine was an added bonus :-).Please be sure to sit around or save room for the gelato bar...that shit gets pricey on the strip so I definitely made sure to get my fair share. All in all I enjoyed this buffet and would definitely come back!
1	OVER-RATED. If you like waiting in line for nearly an hour and a half to experience a mediocre buffet, this is the place for you. Not necessarily the restaurant's fault, but when you get in line, expect that it's really twice as long as it is because people (as many as 10) would join a single waiting person in line near the front. I wish they would have cracked down on this better and not allowed cutting. Let's get to the food. The sushi is NOT like you see in the pictures. More like dried out pieces of nigiri unagi with crappy California rolls, not lush-looking pieces of tuna neatly arranged on rice. Sometimes they would bring out a piece with shrimp on it but, looking at the quality of the other sushi pieces, I opted to stay away.The prime rib and the crab were good, but you can get that at any buffet on the strip. The sides were mediocre, except for the sweet potatoes with bruleed marshmallows on top. Tried a BBQ rib, but it was really tough and dried out. May as well have been microwaved and slathered with sauce.The tarts had a mixture of canned and fresh fruit on them. Who wants a tart with a piece of canned pineapple and a canned peach? No thanks.The total for two adults (pre-tip) was $76.00. This price was not competetive enough to justify the line. Go someplace else -- like the Bellagio -- and spend a little more to avoid the wait and have a much better dining experience.
4	Studio B Buffet has to be one of my favorite buffets in Vegas! I went here on Saturday for lunch with my family that was visiting me from California. I paid about $180 for their seafood lunch for 4 people. If you are going with a group be ready to shell out quite a bit of money..but when is that ever new in Vegas? I was not upset with the price because I knew the buffet would be worth it.Upon entering you will see a vast array of food spread out before you. A word of buffet  wisdom: scan around and then take a little bit of what looks appealing, and figure out your favorites. Believe me. You will want to keep eating everything there.  Everything that they have available from the crab legs to the fruit is fresh and flavorful. One of my favorite things that I tried was the prime rib. The prime rib is usually generously served and very juicy. Definitely something you want to try if you're a meat lover. Another great option that they have there is their kalbi ribs. The kalbi ribs are cooked perfectly and are very huge. I don't think I have ever seen kalbi ribs so big! If you aren't a fan of beef, they have various pasta choices that you can try that are very delicious. If they have mushroom ravioli available, I definitely recommend you try it. The cream sauce and ravioli filling will make you go "Mmmmm" from the first bite! Their crab legs are always being refilled because everyone loves them so much! They are all pretty big and have a good amount of crab meat in them. In addition, they have various fruits to choose from that look and taste juicy and sweet. Studio B Buffet is definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas that is actually worth the price. If you are looking for a great buffet away from the strip, this is your place! I promise, it won't disappoint you. **Be sure if you do plan on coming here during a weekend that you get there early. The buffet gets pretty packed and the line is usually really long, so plan your dinner or lunch accordingly**
4	Great buffet, minus one star for the LONG wait.  Once we made it inside there were many open seats, lame.  We went on Saturday which was lobster and champagne night and got our fill of crab, lobster and prime rib.  Really great waitress, nice and quick to bring us drinks.  Really liked the unlimited beer and wine option, they even had root beer on tap.  There is a huge selection of food for sure so go hungry and take your time.  The gelato selection is huge and the price even includes made to order espressos to accompany the great desserts.  I would go again but on a slow night.
5	Nough said!!! The best!!!
4	I love this buffet, they have a lot of variety and the food is all really high quality. They also have beer, wine or cider included in your meal if you are into that. The only thing is that there is always a huge line with a long wait so make sure you get there early.
3	This is how we rate the place:Food quantity-4* (lots of variety)Food quality-3* (way too too salty; the chef must have lost his taste buds as it's simply inedible! )Ambience-3*Dessert-4* (ice cream, gelato, etc were all good)Value-4-1/2* (includes wine, beer, etc simply very very very good value)On the whole, I like the poke poke and the Hawaiian food fare they had that I do not see at Wynn. The prime rib is more tender than Wynn's but Wynn's salad and pizza is much better. We went to 3 buffets and here are our rankings in terms of food quality:1st--Wynn2nd--Studio B at M3rd--Bellagio (I would not recommend this at all)
4	In April every Saturday is Champion & Lobster. Starts from 2:30pm-9pmApril 8, 2012  Seafood Brunch Buffet  9:00am  -  2:30pm     $39.99Children 5 years - 8 years     $36.99Champagne & Lobster Feast  2:30pm  -  9:00pm     $49.99Children 5 years - 8 years     $36.99
5	All you can eat and drink- best buffet in Vegas? I think so! The line moved pretty quickly and we were seated promptly. The service and the wide variety of food was amazing with unlimited lobster tails, fresh crab legs and gelato. Definitely a must-go whenever I visit Vegas.
5	My FAVORITE buffet in Vegas ... and it's not even on the strip!!You know that random buildling about 10 miles from the strip that looks like it's out of place? YUP, welcome to the M resort! Before coming here, I've heard some pretty amazing things about this place and my friends and I FINALLY got off our lazy butts and drove here. BOY WAS IT WORTH IT. First, UNLIMITED and PAID FOR (included in the buffet price) amount of champagne and crab and lobster?!?! Uhhh, YES PLEASE. Second, the food variety here is AMAZING. This was pricey - $50/60 per person - but it is REALLY really worth it. Come on ... unlimited portions of these?! Score! We literally stayed here for about 2-3 hours just eating mounds of seafood and drinking glasses of champagne and mimosas over and over. NOM. Like I said, the other food choices are also extremely delicious. I LOVED the quinoa (my new favorite food!) and veggies. Everything was extremely fresh and the line for the seafood was actually NOT long. We were lucky to not wait in line since our friends held the table for us, but the line seemed a bit long ... though it looked like it was moving pretty fast. This buffet is spacious and able to hold LARGE parties - we had a party of about 10-12 and we just scooted tables together with no complaints. I'm pretty much in love with this place ... but WHY does it have to be so far from the strip!? :( It really is the only inconvenience ... but I guess if you're a gambler, the casino is pretty nice. So after you've stuffed yourself silly, go ahead ... gamble! We actually came up about $100 when we stopped by. Try your luck ;)
5	This place is loved amongst the locals!  We came here today to celebrate the arrival of a new lead and the departure of another.  I've been here many times and love this buffet.  I honestly have a love-hate relationship with buffets.  Always love going there, but hate the way I feel when I'm done LOL.  This place in particular has such an amazing array of food.  From Italian, to Southern, Mexican, Asian and Hawaiian Local.  This place has it all.  Now I'm not going to list all the foods I've tried today, but I will list the ones I really enjoyed:DRINKS:You probably know they offer free alcohol.  They have wine and beer.  My new favorite is the alcohol cider they offer on draft.  Very sweet with a kick!In the dessert line you can get a cappuccino.  I added Brady's Irish Cream today and I wasn't disappointed!FOOD:Braised short ribs- boneless chunks of beef with veggies.  So tender!Kalbi- Marinated Korean short ribs.  Super flavorful and savory.Fried tofu and eggplant in black bean sauce-  The tofu has a lot of texture and the black bean sauce was thick and perfectly salty.Fried pollock- great fish and chip style.  Beer battered and deliciousTomatoe and mozzarella salad- small cherry tomatoes and mozz balls with herbs and oil.  Need I say more?!Oxtail Soup-  Always a must!  Oxtail is tender and the soup is packed with flavor and ON POINT!Carved Tri Tip-  My favorite is always the end pieces.  Crusted with salt and pepper.  Super marbleized and my fave!DESSERTS:EVERYTHING!  The crepes, bread pudding, chocolate souffle, creme brulee, gelato, cheesecake, pies and other desserts.  IT'S ALL GOOD!!I definitely might suggest finding a VIP friend.  The lines get really long.  Fortunately the wait isn't very long.  All in all, this place is super down to earth.  It's on Las Vegas Blvd, but NO WHERE near the strip.  This buffet offers a little bit of everything and us locals continue to rave about the atmosphere and value.  If you're ever in the St. Rose-Southern Highlands area, be sure to check out this treasure!
5	Back and back, over and over... I LOVE STUDIO B!Every single time a Vegas trip happens, this buffet is a MUST for my friends and I.  We almost barely didn't make it either... with our good pal Patrick H. feeling uneasy from the night before, but we were absolutely determined to make the lunch buffet special before driving back to LA.Hands down my favorite buffet in Vegas, for many reasons.  Bear with me as I try to list all the reasons why my heart belongs to Studio B Buffet, and try not to growl in hunger too much as I am about to writing this.For one, The M is a wonderful casino.  Its got a beautiful atmosphere, a nice pool to lay in, and a divine wine cellar for those enthusiasts.  Because it is not on the strip, you will find it less crowded and can be rewarding to those seeking a more relaxing holiday.Now, back to the buffet.  This buffet is SUPERB!  They have many specials throughout the year, such as a summer brunch special with mimosas included!  Definitely come here for lunch, as you pay upon arrival into the buffet.  With no time limit, it is very doable to stay for dinner when more seafood and meat options come out.  Even then, lunch is absolutely worth it, for only around $20 you can get so much amazing food.The restaurant is laid out in a variety of stations.  On the far left, you got the International cuisine section, with lots of Chinese, Japanese, and even Filipino options to enjoy.  There is a sashimi salad that has plenty of salmon and tuna, as well as nigiri and basic rolls.  Following that, you have whole-hearted foods such as mashed potato, greens, and plenty of chicken.  It's like a Thanksgiving feast everyday here.The BBQ ribs here are delicious, and the tri-tip that is personally cut for you is oozing with flavor.  You can also request for them to cut it on the side which the meat is done to your liking.  After that, you have the salad and sandwich bar, and then comes the SEAFOOD.  Tons of clams, mussels, fresh shrimp and king crab legs!  Take advantage of this part especially, as everything in the seafood section is delicious.  Ow... I think my stomach just growled.Studio B also has complimentary drinks, including BOOZE!  The cider is a definite must!  Just be sure to tip at least a $1 for the friendly bartender when you get a drink.  For those youngins, make sure to bring your ID because your sexy selves will be carded.  For those nondrinkers, soft drinks and plenty of water are available through your server.To finish your meal, go grab a dessert or two.  Cookies, cakes, and gelato ice cream are laid out for you to take.  You can even take one dessert out with you after you finish your meal.The service here is GREAT.  Our server was SO nice to us, especially to our hungover friend.  She was suggesting specific things to eat to quell the hangover, as well as constantly refilling our waters and drinks to make sure he stay hydrated.  Thank you so much!Wow... clearly I miss this buffet, and can't wait to go back soon during my next Vegas trip!
5	BEST PLACE EVER! the only thing that sucks is that it's off the strip. Food was AWESOME! super duper good! ALL YOU CAN DRINK?! They have coors, root beer on draft, hard cider, champagne, red wine, chardonnay, sweet wine, and warfensteiner.SCCOOOP THE CONE! Lots of ICE CREAM! i should have saved room for MORE ice cream, but I just drank a TON of boooooze.WILL GO AGAIN FOR SURE!
4	This place is mighty damn good, minus the long wait but I guess it's worth it. I'm not sure though, I feel like they can and should find a way to make things more organized for the incoming guests and not having to wait that long. The Seafood Dinner on Sunday began at 2:30pm, we lined up at 2:15pm and didn't get seated til 3:15pm. Yes... an hour wait! I felt like I was waiting for an iPad release, but hungry! I loved their snowcrab legs, swai fish, glass thai noodles among other things. Next time I come here, I'll make sure I line up at 1:30pm, at least that should have a better leeway in case it becomes another hr wait. If you're lucky and get seated at the back, I love the view of Henderson, it beats other Casino buffet views such as Cache Creek here in NorCal.
4	By far one of the better buffets in Vegas. If only it wasn't so far from the strip T_TThe food selection was amazing and alcohol (i.e. light beer, cider, wine, champagne, etc.) is included in the meal price. At $33.99 for lunch it was the typical buffet price, I wish I could have stayed long enough to see how dinner was.The wait staff is courteous and attentive. Bringing condiments and crab leg openers to the table as we got seated. Definitely going to try to make it out here on my next Vegas trip.Potential Pro Tip: If you're in a larger group and staying on the strip without transportation, forget taxis and opt for a limo since they'll charge for 1hr and it'll get you to the buffet for a flat rate :) Totally trying this next time haha
5	Best buffet in Vegas, hands down!!! Two words... CRAB LEGS!!!Always make it the last stop of your trip before you go home. I promise it won't upset.
4	I went back for 8 plates of food. Ok 8 plates. You hear me? I was impressed with the large selection. We went at lunch or shortly thereafter around 1pm - 2pm. The food was good. The quality of the food was fresh and warm. I went back many times for the mussels. The Galby ribs and gigantic Beef rib was awesome. Chips and guacamole was great. I stayed away from the roast beef. It didn't look that good  to me. The dessert station was incredible. I had the bananas foster and chocolate crepes a few times. I would love to go back!
5	Our family's fave every weekend! Love their lobsters and crab legs! Best buffet we've had so far. Since we do not eat pork, the cook prepare a plate of macaroni & cheese without ham. Thanks!! That was awesome!! We appreciate it!
5	Living here, this is one of the best buffets I have experienced.  The bonus, all you can drink beer and wine.  Food selection is wonderful, from crab legs (hot or cold), to prime rib.  Overrall, I love the selection they have to offer.  I haven't experienced anything bad here.  Service is wonder and the seating area is great.  I requested a strip view of the strip for my gf to enjoy.  It made the night perfect.  Pricing is decent for a place to offer unlimited alcohol.  Dessert here is a good one,  most of their desserts are shot cup sizes and the ice cream is very delicious.  Only downside, is the drive here.  Pretty crappy for since Gas is almost $4.. Better bring your A game and sweat pants!  And if you are a drinker, get a DD or pay for a room at the M.
4	Probably one of the better buffets in vegas. I like the fact that they make made-to-order lattes and cappucinos...ask them to add baileys for a lil' kick! I love their desserts! But then again, I'm a sweets person, so I might be a lil' biased! There creme brulee is so good and you must try their ice cream. I've been there for their seafood buffet before and I like the fact that it was fresh and the waiters were so helpful in bringing us wet-naps and stuff.
5	Delicious Food, Friendly Servers, Fave server, MO,Jack, Eric & Justin.
4	I would definitely give this place a 4.5 stars.I went on 4/21/2012.Very large selection of food.  Food was ok to good.  But the highlight would definitely be the lobster.  I had 4 half lobsters, 1 full plate of cocktail shrimp, 2 full plates of assorted crab (chinese ginger crab good).  1 plate of other items and 1 plate of desserts.  The quality is good buffet food or ok service food.Great deal at $39.99 plus tax.
4	Overall the food was good! Love love love CRAB legs! All you can drink beer and wine is also a plus. The only downside is having to wait an hour to get seated!
4	This is must stop buffet place when I come to Vegas.  There is several varieties of food to pick from.  Sometime on the food it is hit or miss, depending on if you get it fresh or if it has been sitting out for a while.  Try to get in line early for the crab legs and seafood, because the line gets long.  The price here is pretty good ($15.99 lunch), we came during lunch time and stay until dinner but paid the lunch price.  I only suggest this if you don't have plans or if you have time to kill.  Plus, there is unlimited wine, beer, and champagne, for those who are of age.  I love the dessert selections and enjoy the gelato here.If you don't mind driving away from the strip for a couple hours this is a good buffet to go to.
5	Absolutely the best buffet in vegas.  There is no other buffet any better anywhere. this is the only one I'm willing to go to in Vegas.
5	$10.99 for breakfast. Unlimited steak and eggs, chile relleno, omelets, biscuits and gravy, fruit and pastries. All cooked to perfection and VERY flavorful.I stayed long enough to see what they had for lunch. There was crawfish, seafood paella , rotisserie chicken....BEST Vegas buffet ever!
4	Great buffet. Comes with beer and wine. Don't forget to tip the bar tender. Prices are high for no crab legs on a regular night vs. other high end buffets, Lots of basic food which I like. Selection is huge. Not much gourmet selection which is okay with me. Great mac and cheese though. The layout stands out. Worth the drive.
5	The BEST buffet ~ well worth it !!!
5	Best seafood buffet in Vegas... amazing crab.... truly... once you tried those crab in Mresort..... those buffets on the strip will be ...... nothing to your taste bulb....unlimited wine, beer....everything...... crab comes in cold and hot .... repeat... try their seafood buffet
5	Always worth the wait, which can be long.  Way off the strip, at the M Casino.  I like the weekday lunch, around $16/person for 200+ dishes and unlimited drinks that include beer or wine.  Some meat dishes are slightly underflavored, but great seection. Deserts are awesome, especially gelato and creme brulee.  Just make sure to come with an empty stomach and plenty of time to try a bit of everything.
4	Compared to the Wynn or more expensive on-the-strip buffets, the Seafood buffet is just alright. Studio B has a wide variety of cuisines from Mexican/Spanish, Asian (Japanese/Chinese), American, Italian, Greek, etc.etc. but WARNING: not everything is tasty!But, their Asian food is surprisingly on point but I also am guilty of liking Americanized Asian food sometimes. Green curry and chow mein, but not together.  Other items I like: baked mussels, sashimi salad, eggrolls (hah), Kahlua pork, TATER TOTS [because you can't go wrong with deep fried & their greek salad. Their dessert is just alright but their mango sorbet tastes EXACTLY like Haagen Daaz's!  Unlimited alcohol (only certain types of course)  which could definitely be a plus to some people. I usually skip the alchy 'cause I want to fit more food in my stomach. The overall service here is better than Wynn's. Once you sit down, your drink orders are taken and the servers are actually easily flagged down. Still worth a try when you're on your way out from Vegas (about 10 miles out)!
5	This buffet blows all Vegas buffets out of the water! The price and variety of food is a lot better then your typical buffets. I have tried Wynn and Bellagio and they are nothing compared to Studio B Buffet.I heard from a couple people that this buffet was spectacular but I never thought that I would drive out of my way from the strip to eat here. But this past weekend as my bf and I were heading back home from Vegas we decided to make a detour and grab dinner here. The line was really long but they seat you pretty quickly if you have a small party. Some people are quite picky when it comes to buffets, but there's really something for every one at the Studio B buffet. The variety of food is endless, they have sushi, sashimi, crab legs, oysters, crawfish, shrimp, prime rib, turkey, etc. The dessert area was also phenomenal. I especially loved the gelato! There were about 10 different flavors you can chose from!
4	I finally got to try the infamous Studio B Buffet this weekend! :)First of all, Studio B is rather cheap compared to all the other buffets that are on the strip. Seafood brunch during the weekend was only $33.99! Unlike many other buffet, Studio B also provides OYSTERS. And not to mention, unlimited wine and mimosa! No wonder everyone raves that it's the best buffet in Vegas. But beware, Studio B line can get super long so try to go early! My friends and I went around 10 or 1030am on Saturday morning and we got seated right away even though we had a group of 7.However, the oysters looked really grey/black and didn't taste fresh at all. I still ate at least 15 just for the hell of it but couldn't get myself to get a second plate full of oysters, which was a bummer. :TBut crab legs on the other hand was BOMBdotcom. Crabs legs were moist and meaty. The legs might not be the thickest crab legs but it definitely was one of the fresher crab legs I've ate in Vegas buffet!I didn't try much brunch food because I was all about Seafood but I ate some of their pasta and it tasted delicious. It didn't taste like it was some filler meal that the chefs tried to prepare real quick. All my friends also said their food was great and it was worth their money.And last but not least, their dessert bar! I was already so full so I couldn't try anything but their gelato but their gelato was SO GOOD! I somehow managed to eat at least two cups of it :)PS. Studio B also gets brownie points because their servers are nice. This Asian lady in front of me wanted single scoop of each gelato even though the buffet only served th gelato in cup or cone. Then the server told the Asian lady to go get a large plate and he scooped her each flavor of gelato for her and put it all in a plate! (That was like total of 12 scoops) What a nice man. :D
4	I've been eating at this buffet since it opened...and...well...I liked it better when it was half of its current price.  That being said, it is on par with the best buffets in town (Wynn, Bellagio, TI, Cosmo) and if you're into the included wine/beer it is still a good value.  I still go here about every other month or so, but I am getting a little bored with their non-changing selections.
1	This review is based on Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. This buffet is terrible compared to what it was even a year ago. On Saturday, we arrived at 1:30 and there wasn't a line. That was a first but the lobster was at 2:30 so we weren't worried.  The food was cold, the kalbi ribs were so tough I couldn't cut them without a struggle.  They listed something like bbq chicken legs as a special for the holiday. This turned out to be the regular fried chicken without the breasts and thighs.  The crab legs were cold and cut in half. The kid in charge said that this was because too many people got hurt eating them before. Overall this place has gone downhill, it used to be great,  now the desserts are the only thing above average. What we had should have a price around 12 to 15 dollars, not 34.
4	Good buffets aren't cheap.... Cheap buffets aren't good. $110 for three for Sunday brunch but worth it. The M definitely makes it worth your while to drive out there by many styles of cuisine including Italian, Mexican, Asian, Greek, and classic American. Going for brunch I was a little disappointed in their breakfast offerings but there was so much else to try that I got over it. Unbeknownst to me, there is free beer and wine--if I return will make a point to fill my glass! For the price it was worth it but like I and other reviewers have said, it is a haul. Next time I will go more hungry and later in the day to make the absolute most of it.
3	I've heard so much good stuff for here so we came for lunch on a Friday afternoon on our way to Vegas.  Luckily, there was no line to get in and we go seated near the windows with a view of he strip.  The bad thing was, it was so far away from the food!  :P  No prob though, we needed to get the cardio in.  We started in the salad line and made our way through the whole buffet.  I loved the way it was set up.  Lots of action stations and lots of variety.   However, I don't know, I wasn't impressed with the flavors of things.  The best thing I had was the beet salad.  That was really good.  Everything else was just average.  I'm not much of a drinker, but the unlimited beer and wine was cool.  The root beer on tap was really good too. The service we got was average, some of our dirty plates were on our tables a lil too long though.I'd like to try other places again before coming back here.  I guess the $16 price tag for lunch was a deal for the variety to keep everyone happy.
3	Heard so many people raving about this "awesome buffet" at M Casino, that I probably walked in with my expectations set a little too high.  Long story short:  It was ok.  Not too memorable.  Probably not coming back.Long story long:  It was a holiday weekend, and I knew the lines will be long at the various buffet joints on the strip.  So, I decided to leave the strip early in order to beat the traffic and the hungry mob.  As usual...  there's a line when I got there.  Sign by the buffet line listed Weekend buffet special $33.99 for either brunch or dinner, and 200 dishes to choose from.  Complimentary Beer and Wine too (But I decided against this because having an alcoholic beverage + driving + stuck in traffic is probably not a good combo).After paying at the cashier and getting a table near the station, I did my initial walk around the stations to see what they have.  After looking at the "200 dishes" they offered, I narrowed my top choices to be 1) Prime Rib, 2) Oyster, and 3) Crab Legs. Sadly, all three were a total FAIL.  Prime Rib was rough, Oyster was tiny (and looked disgusting after a few Asian ladies picked through all of them with their prongs), and Crab Legs were not tiny and not cut.  I literally spend over 60 minutes battling with my crab legs.I left Studio B more exhausted than satisfied.  Probably would not be returning.
5	Best meal so far.  Beautiful Casino. M
5	A-Ma-Zing.  I could really just stop there and it would cover it all.  But, I think people would be happier with some details.  I went there Friday 6/1 for dinner with my husband and teenage daughter to celebrate hubby's birthday.  I'd read a lot of great reviews of Studio B and we wanted something a little upscale - food-quality-wise.  We were not disappointed.Initially, things did not start well.  We paid almost immediately and then had to stand in line for 15 minutes or so to be seated.  15 minutes is not that long, but we'd already paid, so it was more irritating than anything else.  But, we were seated at a lovely table near the bar, which please my husband immensely and he mostly forgot about the wait.We made a quick stop at the bar to take advantage of the included beer/wine.  I was really surprised to see that there were a number of options, including a raspberry cider and a draft rootbeer.  My husband had some sort of microbrew lager, and I had the cider.  It was crisp and refreshing and very tasty.  Ok, but the food... that's the big thing... It was almost unending in quantity and variety.  There were 6-8 carving stations with Prime rib, ribs, turkey, chicken, etc in addition to hundreds of buffet offerings.  It was not laid out as well as some buffets I've been to, it seemed that most of it was thematic, but there were things mixed in everywhere.The selling point of the buffet is the weekend seafood.  No question about it.  And they lived up to the hype.  I personally ate hot crab legs, shrimp, mussels, some fish & chips (that was soggy) and some calamari.  There was also crayfish, dozens of varieties of shellfish and fish dishes.  Additionally, we loved the gnocchi and bacon dish, the mac and cheese, the pad Thai, miso soup and the tomato and mozzarella salad (I think they make their own cheese).  We sampled a variety of desserts and we happy with everything - I loved the gelato.  In all, this was fantastic.  When you took the drinks into account (2 each for hubby and I), the $30 price tag per person is not unreasonable by any means.  The food was hot and tasty.  We won't be going back often because of the price, but I know we'll go back.
4	The bf and I had no plans one Sunday we were returning home from Vegas. I have a group of friends who stop by Studio B each time they leave Vegas without fail, and I decided it was time to make a stop at the M Resort.For a hotel so far away from the Strip, this is a very popular buffet. We waited 45 minutes for the Weekend Seafood Brunch. But then again, that is standard wait time for the better buffets on the Strip. Once we got into the buffet, we understood why people, namely Asians, went out of their way to wait in a long line to fork out $34/tummy. The food selection is GINORMOUS, the seafood is fresh (with 2 king crab stations - one on each side of the cutting stations, mussels (or oyster?) bar, a heaping pile of gutted cocktail shrimp), and probably the main reason why young adults visit this buffet: the complimentary ALL YOU CAN DRINK bar. Bring a few $1s to tip the bartender. Sadly, we didn't hit the bar too often, partially because there was always a long line. But we didn't mind, we were too preoccupied with all the food. Unlike most buffets, the food displays actually look appetizing. I was also busy watching the fruits dancing on the 50 projectors every 3 minutes :)After a good 2 hours here, Studio B Buffet won us over. However, unlike my friends, I cannot see us eating here every time we're in Vegas. A few times a year should be enough to keep my cravings at bay... hopefully... and we'll be sure to visit the bar more often!
5	Before I entered this buffet I heard all the hype  "its on top buffet in Vegas" "it's not the regular old buffet". I can tell you I know my way aroundA buffet. And making a buffet special is hard because it's usually quantityOver quality. To make a long story short. It's a MUST to any person who loves Buffets but more important it's a place to convert the buffet non- believers.If it's not the best It will do till I find better.
2	Just got done eating here And i must say that it is a bit hyped ... The buffet was $36.74, and it entails a seafood buffet wit an assortment of seafood like king crab, steamed crab, raw oyster, lobster( which they ran out of ... So i didnt even get to try it ... SO UPSETTING) ..there is also an wide assortment of food from american to chinese to thai food. The pad thai and curry were really delicious, the meat selection was not that great .. It was quite disappointing . The absolutely best thing was the mac & cheese ! That was the most delicious thing ! The lobster ravoli is good to.. The lobster bisque soup is so salty ,..The desert bar was pretty okay and they have gelato canister which is pretty impressive. All the food was extremely salty or extremely sweet . They need to put less salt and sugar ... SeriouslyThe price includes alcohol but we were all to hung over so i wish they had a no alcohol option and made it cheaper.Overall, i would not come back here .
5	I was born and raised a buffet fiend.  I've been to a ridiculous amount of buffets throughout my almost three decades of life...Studio B is my absolute favorite of all time.I've been to Studio B more than ten times and I swear, it never gets old for me.  Here's the thing though...I've never paid full price here (because price tends to take on a big role in distorting my opinion and discourages my generous star ratings).  Call me cheap, heck, I'll call MYSELF cheap, but I ain't paying over $25 for a buffet...that's a hard limit for me.  So, we go when and ONLY when we have our handy dandy BOGO deals that the Rewards Card people send out.Ok, so we've established price is not my favorite thing about this place, let's just get the other unpleasantry out of the way...the amazingly ridiculous line that you often have to wait in.  Waiting in line to eat has to be one of the most miserable things EVER so, that being said, try to prepare yourself (we've waited for at least an hour and a half on one occassion).I've been for breakfast once, but I'm not a breakfast person and enjoy the lunch and dinner buffets quite a bit more, so this review is sort of geared more toward those two.  For starters, the place is big, bright, beautiful and pretty modern-looking.  It never looks dirty even though it's constantly crowded.  Also, the servers here are some of the NICEST and fastest people I've come across in the big booming buffet industry.Now, to the food...I always start with their sushi-type rolls, Hawaiian poke and the lomi lomi (salmon) -- this fills my plate.  My second plate is MORE lomi lomi and all the Asian food I can pile onto my plate.  If there are crab legs, those are next.  I also appreciate the Mediterranean, Mexican, Seafood and soul food.After I've decided I can't stuff anymore lomi lomi mixed with other foods into my belly, I head over to the dessert section and go straight to the tiramisu.  I grab a few cookies, crepes if they're making them, mini souffle, gelato (to wash down the souffle), and a fresh to order cappuccino.While all of this strategic eating is taking place, I'm also usually helping myself to the complimentary (well, included...) beer and wine.  I like the M Cider too :) Yum.  Gosh, I'm so hungry right now...
4	Rather short line but long wait, busy place.I just search for buffet restaurants inn Las Vegas and Studio B did not show up.  So I did the search for Henderson, NV (the actual location) and it still didn't display.  Whatever.We got there at 6pm on the Tuesday after the Memorial Day holiday.  The non-priority queue was just two segments of the maze but it took 45 minutes until we were seated.  I'm not an experienced L.V. buffet goer, but this seemed nearly intolerably slow.  It would have probably been less than 10 minutes in the priority line.Their system for seating people seemed very primitive/inefficient.  There were a few vacant tables and a computerized table tracking/management system would have helped make the line move more quickly.  Such a system must exist.  It should be less complex than the systems used by waiters submit orders and produce checks in restaurants with menus.  We were passing through and fortunately had six hours before our flight out.The food mostly seemed to be of good quality and fresh.  If you think something isn't so great, there is so much else to choose from.  I especially liked the ox tail soup.  It is a bit of work.  The meat is still attached to the bone.  I suggest putting the meat on a plate to remove the morsels of meat from the bone and then putting the meat back into the delicious broth.I almost never give much credence to dessert offerings.  But, I make a big exception here.  I was planning on my normal fresh fruit for a light dessert.  Then I walked by the very long dessert buffet.  It wasn't just the huge selection, but that most were served in quite small portions.  You could sample a half dozen different things without feeling like a glutton and over stuffing your stomach.  Still you need a modicum of restraint not to over indulge.  I like variety with quality in a buffet and don't go for quantity as many do.The free beer, wine, and hard cider make this probably the best value in town.  The wholesale price of wine and beer doesn't mean that it costs them a lot but it is quite a savings over normal highly inflated by the glass or bottle in a restaurant price.  The retail price of the wine they serve usually sells for about $12 for a 1.5 liter bottle.  The red wine was quite drinkable.  I didn't try the white wine because it is chardonnay and I don't like the excessive woodyness of most domestic chardonnays.  The location was fine for us since we were just passing through and I didn't want to have to deal with a possible traffic jam around the Strip.Overall though, my memory from six years ago at Le Village Buffet in Paris, Las Vegas is more favorable.  Not considering the difference in food, I don't remember the noise level at Le Village to be as high as that at Studio B.  Some may like the "high energy" of Studio B but it almost seemed like a relief when we left the restaurant and walked onto the casino floor!  Probably would chance Le Village when years later I'm in or passing through Vegas.  I just find the incessant audio and visual assault on my senses to be very unpleasant.
2	I used to rave about this place to all my out of state friends and take them whenever they came to town. After getting rave reviews and accolades, this place is going downhill. The quality of crab on the weekends is going down, so is the prime rib. I know its a buffet and you will be sacrificing some quality but thats what made the drive worth it........ Not horrible but if you're staying on the strip, stick to wynn or bellagio
5	hmm... I'd say this is one of the top 2 buffets in Vegas next to Wynn. It's too bad it's like a 10 mile drive off the strip.
3	Come here on a weekday for lunch to avoid the long crazy line this place usually attracts.1 star = for their multi -cultural buffet style menu.  Food from different ethnicities at every station.  2 stars = bottomless wine and beer??? Yes!  You can opt for an AYCD option too! 3 stars = for their dessert section.  It's the best dessert section I have ever had at a buffet.  It's unbelievable quality served in extremely yummy delicious treats.  They have a gelato bar, tarts, meringue cookies, pies, souffles, flan, creme brulee, cakes, cookies, and mini dessert shots.  Amazingly full of variety!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (69/365).
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas for sure. They have a large variety to choose from like salads, bbq, Asian,soups, but extremely encourage  seafood night. They even unlimited wine and beer. The sushi wasn't the best quality  but it was better than most buffets. The best part is the crab legs. They have both hot or cold and just recently cut the legs so you don't have to use the silly tools. The desserts are a pretty  scrumptious. I like to get the pistachio gelato and the Taramisu.. Not sure if I spelt that right lol. The cost is pricey for seafood and the lines might be long, but worth every penny. The quality over the food is 4.5 out of 5 because of the sushi :(.
4	Gotta say, they redeemed themselves for me! A friend of mine treated me to the seafood day and everything was spot on. Food tasted fresh, quick service, and absolutely best of all, there was NO line. We were literally the first people in line and just went right in. The people inside eating were the slowpokes left from breakfast so we actually timed our lunch perfectly. The crab legs were absolutely amazing. The other variety of seafood is top notch. It almost makes you feel guilty to have anything else on your plate.I would definitely go here again!
5	Studio B is amazing! The weekday buffet is allot cheaper and very tasty and the Friday-Sunday buffet is out of this world! It is a little expensive (thirty something for Friday and Sunday and Saturday is 45 I think because of the lobster addition)    Studio B also has the BEST customer service around. It's well worth the wait in line. Also if you gamble semi frequently they send out monthly deals, someone's buy one get one :)
5	Best valued buffet in Vegas, IMO. Better than those other mediocre-tasting, overpriced buffets on the Strip!It's best to come early or when it isn't rush hour or else you will have to wait, and it sucks waiting. Go to dinner for seafood galore.  My favorite section is, of course, the desserts! They are all one-to-two bite sizes, which is perfect for sampling ALL OF THEM. And yeah, there's all you can drink beer and cider, too. Great for newly-turned 21 babies who want to taste everything. Haha.
5	First visit but not the last.  Great value for the quality and variety of food. Everything tasted wonderful.  Desserts are wonderful.  Lunch line was long but it moves fairly quickly and so worth the wait.
4	If you have a car, and you're willing to drive off the strip, Studio B Buffet inside the M Resort is a true hidden gem. Just a heads up, a taxi ride from the strip will cost $40 each way, and weekend lunch prices are $33 a person. I've been here twice, and the first time, our taxi driver told us this buffet is catered towards the locals because it's near a big new housing community. The locals know good food! Food selection is decent. On the weekend, there's oysters (eh, nevada oysters..), fresh shrimp cocktails, a variety of hot foods, salads, fruits, and well made desserts (my favorite, is their creme brulee..you can never go wrong! and they have a gelato bar)On top of a pretty well priced buffet, ALCOHOL is included!!! wine, beer, cider, and mimosas galore! This alone, is $13 extra at Spice Market inside Planet Hollywood, so it's a great deal if you have a car. I would definitely recommend this to anyone in vegas looking for a good buffet, with a car. The foods not MIND blowing, but it's good. It'll definitely satisfy your need for variety and booze. Cheers!
1	Two words..FOOD POISIONING Took my boyfriend here for the first time 6/8/2012 for his birthday dinner and we both got sick! 72 hours late he was still suffering on the toilet from eating something bad from this buffet.May it be that we didn't eat u until 8:00, an hour before closing and ate left food for too long or last tray meals, or unproper food handling on studio b buffets part, possibly. But 6 hours after eating here, my poor boyfriend got the worse of the symptoms...100.5 fever, abdominal pains, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea of all sorts you name it. I for once have a stomach that isn't as sensitive as his but am still suffering from cramps and bad gas.We tried to pinpoint what we both ate that got us sick, it is either the stir fry vegetables, the kalbi ribs or the chow mein . Ekkk I'm feeling sick just thinking of it.Please studio b buffet, just because it is an hour before closing and there is less than 20 patrons eating who all waited an hour in line to eat here, please be more careful with proper food handling. There's no excuse.
3	It's a far drive from the strip but if you're looking for a decent buffet with good value, I suppose its worth checking out. Compared to the usual Vegas buffet, the selection is similar but with an emphasis on different cultures, plus there's unlimited beer & wine included. For dinner time, coming in a group is about $40 so its probably a better idea to come for brunch since you'll have the mimosa hookup without having to pay extra.While the food is fresh, some of the meats were more on the overcooked side so I'd stick with the seafood. Shrimp is real fresh while I can't say the same for their oysters. Crab legs were constantly being refilled but I thought the baked mussels stood out more than the non cooked stuff. The rest of the dishes tasted fine but were nothing memorable, and I don't recall the desserts impressing much even with the blinging presentation.A good deal overall, but I don't think its worth taking a taxi all the way out to Studio B just for food so only drop by if you have a car. If you're foodie oriented and lazy, make life easy and stick with Cosmo's Wicked Spoon.
3	Considering that this is suppose to be one of the best buffets in Vegas I was not impressed. The day before I had a buffet that was half the price with much better food.The Good:Seafood - The Crab Legs, Clams, and Shrimp were all fresh.Asian - Schezuan Eggplant, Short Ribs, and Lamb Shoulder. Great flavor. Meat tender and easy came off the bone.American - Steak was a good medium rare. Mushroom sauce I added was delicious.Dessert - Ice Cream, Creme BruleeThe Bad:Oysters were not cleaned correctly and were gritty from sand.Prime Rib was too salty.Mac and Cheese was bland.Sushi tasted store bought.Lobster Bisque had good flavor, but barely had any lobster in it.Seafood Payaya was all dried out from the heat lamp.Everything else was all standard buffet eats. For the price I expected better. I pay the same price for Wicked Spoon and get much more amazing food.
5	Easily the best buffet in Vegas that we have tried.  By far.It is totally worth the drive from the strip.  The price is amazing and the selection is incredible.  Everything from sushi rolls to Chinese food to an amazing sweet potato dish. What really sets them apart is that you have unlimited beer and wine included in the already very reasonable priced entry fee.  On top of that, unlimited cappucino and esspresso! We were truly impressed!
4	Thee buffet includes wine, beer, mimosa, cidars! Yay!!!coffee, expresso, lattes...I wish they serve king crab not snow crab, had the AYCE lobster but still wish they have king crab..Attentive wait staff.Really good prime rib!good dessert selection, and good serving size, not too big.
5	I had friends in town they wanted too go M buffet. I know not name name but always used too calling it. Lol! Buffets not often frequent them but of all buffets believe this is the best one in town. The diversity is quite amazing from the craving stations, asian section, cold salads, little sushi of maki and hand rolls, american foods, italian foods, and desserts section very unique too buffets. Now the standard buffet just about universal terms it all broken down too ethnic stations and then salads/cold items and desserts. I feel makes this stand above all others is the size. It snakes all around one side of the restaurant. Every station is filled with different items too choose from so most part not think anyone finding something eat. The all you can drink beer or wine something never see any other buffet. Certain days they have seafood day the day I went with friends visiting out of town. You know the day because not only is it hell of busy but the line for the crab legs cold or hot can be ridiculous. They put out whole tray then four or five people later its gone end up waiting again. Still worth the wait. The dessert section another part that stands out. Sure they have normal small petite fours of desserts on plates, also have whole gelato section have over ten flavors choose from, and even do mocha or cappucino order. The restaurant ambience if nice not feel like buffet little more upscale feeling too it. The price is normal for any dinner buffet compared too the strip. The only downfall is M property not near the strip but great property and worth the drive..
5	Studio B is probably the best buffet you will get in Vegas. The only downside is it's location. Studio B is located in the M resort which is off the strip, so if you didn't drive to Vegas, it's a little too out of the way. For dinner they serve a ton of crab legs and a variety of steak selections. Oh, and did I mention the UNLIMITED ALCOHOL?! That is probably the best part, so do not hesitate to drink up! They serve a few beers, wines and my favorite is their M Resort cider. It's so light and crisp and refreshing!! It goes great with the meal. The quality of food here is way better than the other buffets on the strip. They have a pretty good "international" variety and a very extensive salad bar. The Studio B dessert bar is too amazing! Make sure you save half your stomach for dessert because when you get around to it, you're gonna wish you did! They serve so many of those cute little dessert cups and cakes. Their gelato has the best flavors and consistency!!! I wish I saved enough room to try every flavor....and every kind of dessert. If you go to Studio B for dinner, do not expect  to go out later that night. You won't be able to fit into your dress clothes after binge-eating all the delicious food but you'll probably lapse into a food coma before you can make any plans for after dinner!
3	Clean, spacious, copious variety and amount of food, and all you can drink beer, wine, and other beverages for ~$40 adults, ~$27 for kids under age 9.Offerings include the usual carvery - prime rib, turkey, and ham, meats include fried chicken, rotisserie chicken, bbq pork ribs, braised short ribs, NY strip steak, ox tail soup (has large ox tail bones with meat and soup tastes like Vietnamese Pho with hints of anise and cilantro), steamed mussels, clams, spaghetti/pasta w/ tomato sause dishes, seafood paella, cheese station, veggie station, shrimp cocktail, chilled halved snow crab, warm halved snow crab, and oyster bar.  The salad bar w/ over five custom salad creations (grilled squash and pineapple salad, strawberry salad, corn relish, caprese salad, artichoke something or other salad, etc..  The sushi bar consisted of a few types of poke and sushi.  Also, the soup bar includes clam chowder, lobster bisque, chicken noodle, chili.  There are also a bread bar and a vast dessert bar which includes tiramisu (has the rum kick!), cakes, flan, creme brulee, ice cream, etc.Other important info: located south of The Strip and south of South Pointe, confusing directions into resort parking lot, and all you can drink beer and wine included in dinner price.
5	I love everything about this buffet :O Clean, big, and delicious food. This is my go-to place when I am having a celebration. Though it is a bit pricey, its all worth it in the end.
3	This is more like a 3.5 star btw.   Maybe I came on an off day?  My boyfriend took me here after raving about this buffet for some time and while the selection was really impressive, I wasn't as impressed with the quality.  There were a few dishes that should receive 4+ stars, but the majority of it was...A-OK.  The eggs benedict looked like they'd been sitting out and the muffins were all soggy, the mac and cheese was bland, waffles were okay, some of the fish portions were dry...overall the only things that were memorable to me were prime rib and this salmon thing that was baked in a pastry shell.  I'd go again just to give it a second chance if someone wanted to go, but thus far I'm not impressed by anything other than the sheer volume of food.
4	Went for lunch.  Studio B should be on everyone's list who is looking for a buffet.  Great quantity as well as quality.  The dessert selection is beyond any reasonable expectations!  Our server was on top of things and made sure our every need was met quickly.  The only reason I couldn't give it a "5" is because certain food choices weren't up to par with others.  The price is very tolerable for a buffet of this magnitude.
2	I was so disappointed with the buffet. The salads were from days before the dressings on them were separated the noodle dishes were all dried out.  My cousin got the dessert crepe and it was dried out also.On their website it states live cooking demonstrations on the monitor what they fail to tell you is it is the cooking channel with all the commercials.  I will NEVER go back and they charge $40 Horrible
5	Best buffet in Henderson or Vegas. Only negative is it's quite a long ways away from the strip.Literally everything at this buffet blows away any other buffet you've been to. Don't argue, just go with it...The pizza is better. The salad is fresher. The chicken is juicier. They have sushi, Chinese, Mexican, American, etc etc etc. You name it, they probably have it. What I appreciate is that on Seafood night they have big, juicy crab legs. A good 5-6 plates of those and I'm good to go. Prices have gone up on the Seafood buffet recently to $39, which is a bit steep IMO, but know that you're getting great quality food for the extra $10-15 you would normally pay. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention to spectacular dessert section of the buffet. Awesome isn't a strong enough word to express my love for it. Everything is made fresh - I even got warm chocolate chip cookies. Ice Cream is delicious. The little candies they offer are really good as well. Don't forget the unlimited beer & wine - so if you plan on drinking like a champ, you might as well eat like one too. Gamble a little and enjoy the 2 for 1 offers they send.
4	Was taken to this buffet off strip. Was not really sure what to expect since I usually stay and eat on the strip.  But I was pleasantly surprised this buffet is now one of my favorite buffet in las Vegas!   A huge variety with good quality.  If I feel like going to a buffet next time when I am in Vegas, I would want to come back here.
5	Studio B does it again.  Always my favorite buffet.  went there for seafood night. crab legs were fantastic! I love that they cut away half the shell so you don't have to crack it and get your hands all messy. You gotta go if you're in vegas. yes it's off the strip, but if you like food, make the trip.
5	This is the best buffet in vegas!!! It's a little while off the strip but definitely worth the drive. I think it's about $40 but if you play enough at the tables they'll comp you. Everything's good, but I usually go for the seafood and meat. Crab legs, shrimp, oysters, sushi, prime rib, are my faves. The dessert bar is AMAZING cookies brownies mini cakes creme brule, pudding, cheesecake, sorbet they have everything!!! AND free beer and cider. The lines are usually pretty long so get there early.
4	only had time to get the regular weekday lunch buffet.  the wait was long.  the food was decent but for $16, would have liked a better suish/roll selection and better creamed spinach.  the pork ribs were very good.  the service was very good too.
4	Been to this buffet numerous times and I think it's the best in Vegas.  Last time I went (7/6/12), I was slightly disappointed with the rest of the seafood choices other than the crab legs.  Not much variety, but still damn good.  I'm going to skip to the desserts because they and they alone should be enough for one to come to this buffet.  Don't eat so much savory that you won't have room for the sweet.  Trust me on this.  Creme brulee...off the chain.  Chocolate souffle...make you wanna cry.  Cream puffs...I can probably eat 47 of them...after eating 53 crab legs...and still want to play craps afterwards...with a big ass smile.  See you again, Studio B.  I'm a fan and always will be.
2	Everyone rated this place so well but for a $40 "seafood" lunch, i wasn't pleased at all. and the $40 is for a small selection of seafood. Recommendations:I would skip this place all together. It's not at all convenient unless you're planning to be in its vicinity.Where to go instead: I still say Cosmopolitan is THE best buffet. It's about the same price for MUCH better quality. It's French style cooking and creativity is by far the best. They use high-end and good quality ingredients. You can find truffle flavored risotto and such things here.PROS & CONS of Studio B BuffetPros: Interior:1) The buffet is huge and seating was not crowded2)  Outside line was short and quick. Theres a warning of no parties greater than 4 but no one seems to follow that. Don't know what it's like at 11-1pm but we went there at 2 and the line was good. 3) Covered & free parking lot 4) Buffet  wasn't hard to find or far from the parking.5) high ceiling6) Noise level was low.7) Food line was short and there was no wait to get food. 8) Servers were quick and efficient  Food:1) Free beer, mimosa, champagne and wine :) - weekend only?? 2) Dessert was good. Lots of options and the ones I got, mango moose, pistachio moose and creme brule were really good. Gelato was great. 3) Clean and service was good4) Crab/seafood during weekend.. plenty of crab legs for anyone to eat5) Prime rib was flavorful6) Snow crab legs were plentiful and flavorful. Cons:Interior:1) Not that easy to get around the tables and railing. 2) Food presentation wasn't all that great... 3) Dessert presentation and the way it was laid out made it hard to find things.. or it didn't make it look appetizing. 4) Far from the strip. 5) This weekend, there was only one flavor of crab legs... is there more? 6) There are dancing fruits looped on the screen... disturbing after watching it for 1 hour. Food: 1) Lack of quality and food was done simply.. nothing special 2) Mash Potato was TERRIBLE.. something so easy was botched... 3) Sashimi & sushi was terrible. Quality of fish was not good4) Ribs were not tender enough.. didn't really fall off the bone. Needed a lot more time. 5) Coffee was terrible... even though there is a coffee bar. 6) Raw oysters didn't look appetizing.. or fresh.
5	This is definitely the best buffet around. The quality is amazing, and I've never seen more choices anywhere else! If you follow the buffet counter, it just keeps going and going and no repeats! I don't even like beef, but I saw my friend's beautiful cut of prime rib and I ended up eating 2 slices! So juicy and tender, and not all fat! I also thought their crab legs were better than other buffets. They were more meaty and not soggy. The food was definitely top quality, but dessert was by far the most exciting for me! The day before I had dinner at Wicked Spoon, and out of all the dessert choices I took, I only took one bite of everything and had seven scoops of gelato. At Studio B Buffet, EVERYTHING tasted delicious! I don't normally like apple pie, let alone finish a whole slice, but I took a bite from my boyfriend's plate and immediately gobbled it up completely. Their flan and crepes were also legit. From fruit tarts to eclairs to custard puffs, everything was delicious! I haven't even gotten to the gelato yet! I like that they have cones rather than the waffle cups served at Wicked Spoon. It's a lot easier to take out after you've stuffed yourself silly. I really think they have the best strawberry gelato. Not the strawberry tart one, but creamy one. Too bad it doesn't get as much love since it's about 10 miles from the strip, but it's definitely on the way back home, and we never miss it!!
5	Good Lord. This is by far the best buffet I've ever been to, especially for its price. This buffet blows all the other buffets in Vegas out of the water. It's unfortunate that it's so far from the strip, but it would probably ALWAYS be busy if it was smack dab in the middle. The buffet itself is quite large and the decor is modern. There's very few things that it's lacking. They have all kinds of food: Chinese, Mexican, American, Indian, Filipino, etc. There's a plethora of sushi, seafood, breakfast items, meats, soups, salads, you name it. What impressed me was unlimited alcohol you can get too. The dessert bar is pretty impressive as well and they also offer gelato, which I'm a sucker for. All I know is that every time I come here I can't help but want to eat everything and I find myself in a food coma afterwards. If you haven't been to this buffet, it's worth the drive.
5	Amazing! Lunch time was only 15 bucks and the food is oh so good! Will be back often. and all you can drink beer and wine!! better have a big stomach! lol
4	I give it a 5 star for variety, desserts, and free wine/beer. However, they're still a buffet and some meats are tough and some items are under par. My tri-tip was like leather. But the Swaii was really good when it just comes out. The oxtail soup was very unique, since I've never had it in a buffet, only at home. As with any buffet, after sitting under the heat lamps, it doesn't taste so good. Get the food right when it comes out. The desserts are hands down the best I've had at a buffet. It was delicious!  Better than the Rio World Buffet. I think the dinner is a little pricey, but come at 3:45 and get the lunch price but enjoy the dinner items. But be aware that if it gets busy and you haven't paid by 4pm, you're going to be dinged for the dinner price. The computers automatically switches at 4pm. No and Ifs or buts. A few people complained behind me, but it didn't matter. The manager couldn't do anything about it. Beer and wine are free, but think about it, free means cheap. Pabst and no name wines. Good to get drunk, but that's it.
5	I give this 5 stars because it was the best buffet I've been to.  Easily better than Le Village at the Paris and the other buffets on the strip.Tons of food options, best sweet potatoes I've ever had, really good stuff.  I will definitely be back on a much emptier stomach.The other highlight item for me was the BBQ ribs.  I couldn't believe it.  I am a BBQ nutbag and these ribs were some of the best I've had.  Meaty, moist and delicious.The kicker is that you get unlimited beer and wine with your meal.  That is something you have to pay up for at other buffets.  This is a MUST for your Vegas trip.
4	Good buffet with lots of selection, but definitely not worth the $40 for seafood brunch/dinner.Not much more than your standard crab legs, shrimp cocktail, etc. They did have oysters, which I did not try. Save your money and go during the weekdays at their lower prices that aren't designated "seafood" days
5	Crab legs... Just GIANT crab legs. Already cut in 1/2 for you so all you need to do is munch away happily with no effort. I thought this was very considerate since I have heard stories of the difficulty of eating crab.Lobster bisque (I am actually salivating while thinking of it) was so rich and creamy and delicious. Because we were living large we were dipping our coconut shrimp into the soup. (Is bisque considered a soup?) All you can eat... Thank you Las Vegas, my life is complete now. You can keep everything else. The shows, booze, and whatever else and I will just keep this buffet.I didn't JUST have the legs and bisque! There were a lot of other things to try, which I did for better or worse(just better). I ate a couple oysters (a first for me) ... it was like eating a piece of a tongue. Very good if you add lemon! Very weird because of texture... I also tried mussels! That was surprisingly good. Tried a few other things but I do want to say that regardless if I liked it or not (I did), everything was very fresh!I barley had any dessert. I didn't want to waste space with all the other yummy sea food around. Still, what little I tried it was very yummy.Yes, the wine and beer were included in the price you pay for the buffet. Didn't partake though since I am in-fact lame. Trust me, if it was a good day for me I would have been drinking as much beer as my tiny body could hold. Needed the room though for the food. It is $43.00 per person after all.Had to keep the eyes on the prize.
4	Went to Lunch, which is $15.99, and that's pretty cheap compared to all the other buffets. Wait was probably about 30mins to an Hour, just to pay and probably about another 15mins to get seated. It's really big, the selections of food are great. Kalbi ribs were my favorite, I got fresh ones and they were very good. I think the only downside is the selection of wine and beer they had. I was pretty excited about the free wine and beer but they were pretty nasty and I ended up drinking water. Overall great buffet, will go back and try dinner!
5	Had a large dinner party here on 7/20/12. I reserved their private room (inside the buffet) for $250 + per person charge and had a large group of 35 people.  I didn't get any discount but that was ok. Love our server, didn't remember his name, he was on top of service.  Their large, very large 200 item buffet was awesome.  The prime rib was just right and the thin NY Steak, which I thought might be chewy but it was tender.  I love that they have a large selection of food items and the people behind those counters are great. My daughter wanted plain corn on the cobb, I didn't see any and a guy behind the counter ask me to wait a few mins and he'll grab it when it comes out, it was for a different dish but he took it before they mixed corn in with the other dishes.  That is awesome service.An added touch is that they also offer alcohol, wine and beer (included in the price). It may not be top notch (wasn't sure, I didn't drink it), but my uncles and husband kept coming back for more booze. Their dessert menu was a nice selection and...they offer sugarfree. I'm diabetic so who knew I would see this.  With reserving the private room, we didn't have to stand in the long lines.  I really enjoyed this buffet and so did my family, they want to come back again.
4	We love the Studio B Buffet at the M.  It is probably hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas.Pros: The M sends out coupons for the line passes which helps because there is always a line.  The food tastes great, the service has always been good.  They have free wine and beer plus the dessert station is amazing.  Gelato and espressos, lattes, and anything else you can think on.Cons: There is always a long line so be prepared to wait and it is pretty expensive as far a buffets in Vegas go but worth the money.
4	We went on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch. Boo...no crab legs! But beer and wine included in the price of lunch ($17 I think) slowly made up for it.Great selection! Thai, Filipino, Chineese, Italian, Southern, and gelatos for dessert ( no soft serve machine here). For a buffet, the quality was good. Don't know if I would drive out just for this buffet but I may stop on the way in to Vegas or my way out.
3	What's up with the hype? I thought it was pretty good but not that good. I thought the price was too expensive for the quality of food there. I think it's because beer and wine are included in the price. But if you're not drinking alcohol, is this place worth the money and wait?
4	Every time we come here the food is great! Fresh, flavorful, and a good variety! One of the best buffets in Vegas in my opinion!
5	Just a warning, the line is long so PREPARE to wait. I've been to this Buffet 2x, once with family and this afternoon with my boo. $15 for lunch and it was worth the wait and the price. I give props to this buffet for it's Asian cuisine; they're the only buffet to offer Filipino food- and they cook it WELL. THE PANCIT IS BOMB! You also have to try their oxtail soup, green curry, red curry, egg salad, and all the protein from their carving stations! Don't forget to save room for the desserts- nougat GELATO w/ a waffle cone, macaroons, CHOCOLATE RICE KRISPIES?! Can't wait to go back! This time I'm taking advantage of the unlimited beer and wine (didn't know they offered that).
5	First, note that the seafood is only offered for brunch & dinner on weekends.It is $39.99  (not including tax+tip) and well worth the price. 1) The seafood alone makes it worth it. All you can eat crab legs, osyters on the half shell, shrimp cocktail, mussels, crawfish. IN ADDITION TO all the food you can find at a normal vegas buffet, including a pretty good sushi selection and sashimi salads. 2) the crab is already cut in half for you so the most annoying part of eating crab is no longer an issue. 3) on the same note, the shrimp is also peeled for you. Equally amazing. Might I recommend using a soup bowl to hold the cocktail sauce? 4) Beer and wine included in the price. The house cider is delicious! 5) Pretty good dessert including crembrulee and gelato. Although I would like to argue that the gelato is more like ice cream6) At the dessert line you can order espresso and coffee drinks. ** There is a free shuttle from Fashion Valley Mall (by the palm trees next to Forever 21) that takes you to the M Resort. It leaves every 4 hours and you can check the schedule online ** To put it simply, Studio B needs to be on your to-do list in Vegas.
1	I'm a local, so I decided to finally try Studio B after hearing all the good reviews.  What a mistake!   We visited three different times, each on different days and each for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I was not at all impressed with the food or the atmosphere/set-up of the buffet.  There may be a lot of selection, but the quality is just not there. I'd take quality over quantity anytime!  We finally decided that even though they send us coupons for free buffets each month, there is no way we will ever be going back. Nor will we recommend to anyone to spend the money for sub-par food.  There are far better quality buffets for a much more reasonable price.
5	Great food and service. Drinks included big plus! Cider highly recommend.
4	I've been to many buffets in Vegas and this has the best variety.  Wine and beer is also included in the price.  Best: Thai yellow curry with chicken, Ahi Poke, baked ziti, veggie tamales, chicken enchiladas, tator tots...
3	Driving through the sweltering heat I occasionally see a set of billboards for the M Resort stating "BEST---RATED---BUFFET---IN VEGAS". One could not help but contain themselves after trekking so far off the strip. We got there around just around 1pm, just barely beating the lunch rush. Despite that. our wait in line was still 45 minutes, and a that point I didn't know if I was hungry any more (pretty sure it was the result of standing next a guy who's B.O. nearly caved me and my friends in).We finally get our table and was waited on by one of the cheeriest fellows I've ever met, if you've met him make sure to tip well. I grab a couple plates and check out there "foods of the word" themed lay out and honestly not to much looked enticing. Non the less I grab a little of everything and come to like the "southern" portion of the buffet. I loved  there fried mushrooms, uber-sweet mashed yams and the fat hunks of ribs they had on display. I swelled in content as I able get my guilty pleasure off their fast-food style "Asian" section, chow-mein I have missed you. Their dessert section was a bit lackluster save for the Gelato portion, Pistachio is a must try. Side note: be aware of their Rum Raisin, it literally taste like there's a shot of rum it! Not something you want to be reminded of after a night of partying, but if you want to get a cheap buzz then by all means get gelato-wasted!Overall the buffet is so-so, the price was right (lunch $15.99) so I''m not complaining. I guess the let down came from all the hype from the banners I saw along the way to Vegas and I guess I missed their popular Seafood Section, a result of coming on a Friday.  In the end it's too much of a drive if your staying on the strip.
5	Awesome
5	If you have been to 3 or 4 buffets in Vegas, chances are, you see the same food all the time. everyone has a good variety, but it is pretty much the same fare at most casino buffets. what strikes me about Studio B is that it is a great variety of food, but also they have a lot of choices that you do not see at many buffets. First and foremost, they have a huge selection of different salads. and I do not mean your regular lettuce, with dressing and croutons etc. they had stuff like fajita salad, greek salad, and a different take on popular ones like chicken salad and macaroni. Some of the highlights were the salmon with pesto cream sauce. Very impressed, that alone could have been a great entree alone, partner that up with any of the two sides they offered there, and you have a great dish. Their tri-tip was great, and so was the shui fish caponata. They also offered a section for hawaiian bbq. which i was pleasantly surprised since i am a huge fan of that. they had beef short ribs, and oxtail soup. I was happy to see, a Gnocchi with bacon and peas dish. They did have chicken marsala, which I steered away from, I think that dish should not be prepared on a buffet line, it's best when served fresh from the stove. On to the desserts, the big winner here was their pudding shooters, pistachio and raspberry to be exact, they hit it big here. Their cheesecake, ehh i had better.  Creme brulee was fantastic.  And I decided to go with gelato, which i usually do not. I am glad I  did, because the Nougat gelato was a great finish to the meal, Ovderall, the Review Journal, was right. Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it. You will leave satisfied. 15.99$ for lunch, and 23.99$ for dinner, both come with your choice of beer or wine, AT NO EXTRA COST. You can't beat that.
5	Studio B at the M is hands down the best buffet in town! They have a wide array of food selections that will surely please everyone including picky eaters - there's something for everyone. American, Asian, Italian, Soul food...you name it and they'll pretty much have it. It's quantity that doesn't sacrifice quality. Steaks aren't sitting under warming lamps for hours until they get dry and rubbery. Sushi runs out fast so they whip up a new batch every 5 minutes. The variety is pleasantly overwhelming - you'll almost feel encouraged to try every single thing you see (which I've done) even food you won't normally eat.The line gets extremely long so you have to get here at an odd time. Otherwise, you'll be standing in line for hours and I'm not kidding!
5	To sum it up, all you can drink and eat, doesn't really get better then this!So after a bad first impression, thanks to a rude hostess and the ridiculously unorganized mess they call a line, I have to admit I was thoroughly impressed. This is a very big buffet with a great selection and very good quality. What really impressed me though was all the other stuff you don't usually expect as included in your buffet experience. Of particular was the barista and the open bar both being included in the price, which really makes the buffet experience a lot more fun.
5	Best seafood buffet!!
3	Oxtail soup, creme brulee, french onion soup are probably the only good selection at this buffet. Paid $50 for each person from Friday-Sunday for dinner.  Really expensive and definitely not worth it.  I had some crab legs and found out they were still frozen, I lost my appetite afterwards.   If you want to try this buffet, I suggest you go on the weekdays for lunch, it only costs $15 maximum.
3	I don't know why so many stars? The place is cheap and yeah beer and wine included. The quality of the spread was mediocre to me by far. The Asian selection was ok it seemed by the looks of the Asian customers eating. The selection of other items was like going to a cheap buffet like you would encounter in a small hick town!They serve cheap quality beer ( colors light, bud, etc...) wine just the same that's why they include it in there buffet price. The so called chefs behind the counter are very nice and well mannered so thats why I gave them three stars that's about it. Been to better ones and will so not my cup of tea here. First and last. The reviews I read here on Yelp was so cool and thought great food great price and was very disapointed.
2	We came here Easter Sunday. They had leg of lamb and a couple other additional items including lobster. The price was more than the normal $33.99, instead it was $49.99. Although the variety is better than must Vegas buffets, with the exceptional of Wynn, the price is certainly not worth it. The wait was long, although not longer than other buffets. The lobster was definitely frozen and the imitation crab stuffing was awful. The raw oysters didn't have any flavor and the leg of lamb was dry. I do have to admit the prime rib was good as was the lobster bisque. However it still wasn't worth the $49.99 price. I've had better, for instance, Wynn and Bellagio. Save the money and stick to those two, the drive from the strip, the wait and the price just isnt worth it.
5	This is hands-down the Best Buffet in Vegas!  On weekends--Friday Saturday and Sunday--Studio B has a Seafood Buffet, and for the same price that you're paying for The Buffet at The Wynn ($43 with tax on weekend), you get much, much more value.Why is Studio B better than The Buffet at The Wynn?  Here's a few reasons why:- Quality is much better than the Wynn buffet.  Overall, the meat & food quality is better at Studio B.- More Variety: Studio B has a much more variety of dishes for you to choose from.- Unlimited Beer & Wine: yep, one of the things I love about this place is that they serve unlimited All-You-Can-Drink beer & wine as part of your buffet meal that you've already paid for.  At the Wynn buffet, you'll have to buy beer or wine separately.The thing I love most of about this buffet is that they have raw oysters.  (see photo)  Yum...unlimited raw oysters!  I must have had over 35 raw oysters, which could have easily costed me $50 right there.  The oysters, however, weren't as fresh as I'd like them to be.  They come out somewhat fresh...but at least fresh enough to be good to eat.  But you'll have to pick them out individually from the buffet tray.  Add a nice squeeze of lemon and maybe a touch of cocktail sauce and you should be good.  It's still good, and above all a great value for what you're paying.I also had Alaskan Crab Legs, which was very good. (see photo)  The hot butter sauce here has a nice little touch of sweetness to it that complements crab legs and brings out the taste of meat pretty well.  The slightly sweeter sauce is much better than the sauce at the Wynn buffet, which is just plain butter sauce.  The Alaskan Crab Legs quality was about the same here at Studio B and The Buffet at The Wynn.We also picked up a plate of Crawfish (see photo).  I'd have to say that this was my only disappointment.  The Crawfish, unfortunately, wasn't fresh.  Instead, it was frozen.  It definitely makes a big difference in taste, but I can't really complain for the price I'm paying for this buffet and for what I'm already getting.  I guess we'll stick to The Boiling Crab in So Cal for crawfish.  So far that's the best place for it (as far as I know).The Prime Rib was good as well.  The meat quality at Studio B seems to be a little better than the meat quality at The Buffet (at The Wynn).  The meat is more moist and juicy.  The prime rib I had at The Buffet seemed a slightly dry.  It was still ok, but it was a little dryer than Studio B's prime rib.Everything else here was great!  They have such a great variety of food here, and the quality of everything is also great!  You really do get a good bang out of your buck here at Studio B, and I'd recommend this place to anyone....so far, this is the overall + seafood buffet in Vegas! :)
5	This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  The M Resort is beautiful, the food is incredible.  Always fresh, great staff.  The variety and the seafood buffet is amazing.  Not crazy expensive and wine and beer are included in the 'all you can eat' price.
2	I came here on a Monday so I missed the seafood buffet.Included beer is cheap, but I like PBR.  I will probably eat here again to try the Seafood Buffet only on a Sunday while somebody is trying to squeeze in that last bit of gambling before driving home.
4	This place is crazy.  It looks like a cross between an airport terminal, mall and restaurant.   The place is ginormous.  For buffet food, this was really good.  The only thing I was shocked at is that for a place so large, there was still a line.   It is also a bit off the beaten path, so you have to decide whether it is worth a special trip if staying near the strip.
2	I have been there twice and its alright.  It's crazy crowded, and organized strangely, it bottle necks in spots that will block the rest of the buffet. I wasn't really all that impressed with the food.  And do the plates have to be so hot you cant hold them? I will give them credit that their desserts are better than most but its not worth the drive out there. Slow table service Just more Vegas hype.
5	For the value, you can't go wrong here. If you're a drinker, you're practically in heaven.On a Monday, we went for lunch and it was 15 dollars. For 15 dollars, the food quality was more than what I can ask for and they had home made cider, root beer, wine, and beer. You figure that if you drank three drinks, this will cover the cost of admission.Overall, this is a hidden sparkling gem in the middle of the desert. You just have to be willing to trek through the desert for the oasis.
5	In terms of buffets, I really don't think it gets better than this one. They know what people like at buffets and they serve a lot of it. No BS filler stuff that you see in a lot of buffets, just popular items with an emphasis on asian food.They serve a good Lobster Bisque. Try that.Quality is on par with the best of the strip buffets.
1	Expensive for a sucky buffet. The food was very mediocre with a very few exceptions that is not worth the money I paid for this. The crab legs, clam chowder, and desserts were the main highlight of the buffet. The sushi looks disgusting, the oysters were disgusting, and everything else was cheap. If you want food that actually has taste then go to the buffet at the Cosmopolitan. I guess the only way to make the buffet worth it is to drink as well. Waited 1.5 hours too. Best Las Vegas buffet my @$$.. never again!
2	This place USED to be amazing. Came here for Sunday Champagne brunch as always when in vegas and every time it seems to get a little worse and some how more expensive. It started out very good, everything i tried used to be so flavorful, moist, and well seasoned. I guess the owners sold the place off and the money hungry big shots got a hold of it. Had a comp buffet plus a line pass for 4 ppl, so you're supposed to get treated as a special guest. We got in with no wait, but had to wait 15 mins while they sat people from the regular line before us. When they finally did seat us we walked in with a few other groups something like a 10 top, a 6 top, and 2 4 tops. They kinda seemed like they weren;t even expecting us. They sat us and we never got a server so after 15 mins I flagged someone down and he was kinda annoyed which is funny cause he was supposed to be our server in the first place. Go figure right? So even with some crappy service we still tipped 18% at a buffet, where most ppl tip like 5 bucks. Plus i spent about $20 in tip on the lady serving us alcohol. Food * The Good. Charcuterrie, cold cut selection is not too shabby, salami, capicolla, ham, the cheese selection is a big plus because of the smoked gouda, and 5year aged gouda which are my favorites. Mimosas (self explanatory). * The Bad. Clam chowder potatoes were undercooked, little watery for a chowder. Prime rib/turkey. Both were mediocre and cut paper thin. * The Ugly. Crab Legs- the main reason i used to go to this buffet. Hot snow crab clusters which were perfectly steamed and delicious. NOW, they break them all off the cluster, and cut them in half. This does 3 things to the crab. Takes away all the flavor, make's it dry, and makes it impossible to get the meat out of the shell in one piece ( which is what makes eating snow crab legs so fun to eat) Overall. Service sucks, Food starting to really suck, only good thing i can recommend is When ordering mimosas from the wine lady. Give her  5-10 bucks and ask her to put them in the beer glass instead of the little champagne flutes. Yes you will look like an alcoholic, but at least you'll look like a smart alcoholic :). It also makes it easier on her and saves you extra trips to the bar.
5	$44 for a Saturday lunch. The prime rib was unbelievable, inch-thick and juicy. Every item was fresh, so now I'm just confused as to why a great buffet was so far off from the strip...?
5	This is hands down my favorite Vegas buffet! I'd imagine that the basics have been well covered in the other 900+ reviews, but I just wanted to throw in my favorite items from my delicious visit! -Thanksgiving-y food: Forget crab legs and shrimp! This girl judges a buffet by its turkey and mashed taters, and these were scrum-diddly-umptious along with the tasty stuffing! Yum.-Corn Chowder: soup of the day. Very tasty!-Oreo Gelato: Hey, you're probably on vacation, but these are fat grams you wouldn't regret even if you aren't. So evil!Weekday lunch is an especially good value, but you won't find much seafood, if that's what you're after. The only things I think could be jazzed up a little are the music selection (odd), and the random images on the huge screens, save for the ones on either end that run Food Network. I don't like to see Paula Deen staring at me, ever. And as much as I secretly enjoy the dancing fruits and veggies, they make me giggle when intermixed with flower blossom and river scenes. Hehe.Overall, I want to live at this buffet and never leave!!
4	the AYCD beer and wine is definitely amazing here! i got totally wasted here, celebrated my dads birthday, great service except for kicking us out for drinking too much. honestly if you are offering this service, you obviously have to expect drunken shenanigans! overall Thank you Sandra (our waitress) for the epic dessert birthday platter!
5	This buffet is the father of all buffets.  You can get as much beer/wine as you'd like?!  I was amazed!!!  Unlimited alcohol NICEEEE! Next time I'm on my way to Vegas, I'm definitely making a stop here again!  They also have a gelato/ice cream bar! Perfect for a sweet tooth like me! They've got curry, bbq, other various asian foods. FRESH SEAFOOD.  It doesn't compare to anywhere else.  The quality's top-notch.  The staff is attentive and the buffet room is so large, roomy, and clean! I love this buffet!
2	Blandola, not worth the price...  Despite the beautiful decor and ambience the raison-d'etre for this place is soooo disappointing...  It took some doing for my wife and I to wake up early enough and get ready to make the trip to The M Resort in order to come to Studio B, we actually tried to make it to dinner, but something else always came up.  I am just sorry we finally made it, because it was a HUGE disappointment...  The food was severely lacking in flavor, seasoning and more, also many of the items were dry, I know it's a buffet, but common, it's a VERY fancy place!!! Also the taste just wasn't there...  Even the desserts left a LOT to desire, how they manage that is beyond me. Best item? The pizza bread.Save your $$$ and go to Sweet Tomatoes instead!!!  You'll be glad!!
3	Went here for Labor Day weekend.. And of course it's holiday price at 39.99$. I would rather go to Bellagio for this price. But got to say their free wine, beer and champagne goes well with king crab and oyster. Think mostly everyone goes there for these three items. GELATO BAR and dessert NICE TOO!
5	The buffet was the beesknees. Free unlimited on tap beer and wine? I'M DOWN. And it's cheap! For this large of a selection, $24/dinner is cheap! It's 10 miles from the main strip area of LV, but the M Hotel and Casino is pretty nicely decorated and furnished. The tables weren't as lucky for me, though!They have a wide selection of food, and there are a shit ton of desserts.
5	I've tried all the hi-end buffets on the strip and this is the best.  After eating here I don't want to go any where else. I live there. You would too. I only come here M-F..Weekends are $$$$$Free pabst , warsteiner or lite beer, on TAP!!   Also, cider, root beer on tap.  Red, rose or white CA wines. Sometimes champagne.Dinner has the best prime rib, Melt in your mouth quality. Miso, chicken soup and 3 other types. Sushi..careful with the raw salmon..I got really bad food poisoning. Threwup 10X.  Fried baby calamari, Chinese, Kahlua pork, namasu, Italian, cheese tray, middle eastern, dolmas, hummus, hi-class salads, best bleu cheese dressing, crawfish, clams, mussels, shrimp...Dessert bar is first classVery beautiful hotel/casino. Easy parking. The service is the best because only the friendliest get hired.  M resort I miss you!!
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas! Their desserts alone are worth the trip. The quality is phenomenal. All you can drink wine and beer are a bonus!
1	i was really looking forward to the wynn buffet during my stay in vegas. one of my friends actually suggested this place and kept talking about how amazing the buffet here is. I still dont see anything amazing about this place. it is very overpriced for average food. 40 dollars per person i think is a little ridiculous for this buffet. the only good think about it was the unlimited BEER&WINE. nice.
5	Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas! Good quality food, clean, nice variety, friendly staff, delicious desserts, and most importantly alcohol INCLUDED. Seriously, no one can beat that for less that $16 bucks for lunch. It's a must stop for everyone who visits Las Vegas. Highly recommended.
5	BEST BEST BEST BUFFET I'VE EVER BEEN TO IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!So many selections! Everything is hot and fresh... and ohhhh so tasty! This is not the best buffet in Vegas! It's the best anywhere... and I am the queen of everything all-you-can-eat! If you're looking for a good buffet this should be the only place you consider!****Beer & wine is included in the price. If you're into ciders they have their own special berry cider that is to die for!!!****
3	We heard this was the best so we went to eat right after outlet shopping we got here the sushi great tri tip delicious, sweet potatoes nice, meatloaf is really dry, Hawaiian pork tasteless, smoked salmon with capers and cream cheese rolls yum. The Parmesan eggplant very stiff and chewy, porkchop good, the osso bucco ox tail so tender mmmm. The desserts are all great.
5	This is absolutely the BEST BEST BEST BEST buffet in Vegas!! You also get unlimited beer and wine. Their cide beer is amazing! I'm a little sad that they don't sell it elsewhere, otherwise, it'd be my favorite beer! If you're visiting Vegas, you MUST try this place! You won't regret it!!
5	What!? I, Cynthia, is writing THEE 1000th review for Studio B Buffet!?!? Oh right on!!! =)Not much to say except great selection of foods, beer and wine included, delicious, a wide variety of gelato flavors (I always get mint n chips, pistachio, and coconut. yes..in that order.) And did I mention beer and wine is included in the buffet price for all you alcoholics? ;)Weekday lunch is $15.99.
4	"Seafood" buffet? I have been to brunch here and very satisfied with the selection of food. But to call it a seafood buffet on Sunday nights and charge $40 is VERY misleading! Tonight we arrived at around 4:15. NO WAIT! I took a walk around to check out the seafood...split crab legs, warm and chilled; mussels; chilled shrimp; oysters; crawfish. The crab legs were small so when split, they seemed less meaty. Disappointed with the crab legs but enjoyed everything else. Started with a Greek salad, dolmas, baba ganoush which were all very tasty. Also had char siu pork, pork bbq rib, black pepper chicken, Mac n cheese which was probably the most bland, but went great with the pork. Sauce was creamy and cheesy, but almost flavorless. I must admit I got more with a grilled lamb chop -it just went well with the grilled meats. Second trip I got the crab legs - I should have waited for some fresh ones, fried shrimp, with warm cocktail sauce (+) , which were nice and crisp and quite flavorful. I saw fresh crab legs coming out so decided to get some. It amazes me how people get pushy when it comes to crab legs! I also tried some mussels which were a little chewy, probably best served in a bowl cuz I like to slurp the broth out of the shell with the meat. The prime rib looked good, as did the fried chicken (nice large pieces which were breaded nicely and looked crispy. I was going to have some with Mac n cheese. Next time...). The beet salad was delicious and I also had a wedge to which I added cucumber tomato salad and some olives and bleu cheese. 3 bean salad was just ok (green, kidney, and Lima beans). Didn't have enough room to try more Asian cuisine. The General Tso chicken looked awesome! Oh forgot to mention the Kaluha pork just melted in my mouth...very tender with tasty cabbage throughout. Would have liked to try some lobster bisque, mashed sweet potatoes, stuffing, roasted chicken. Such a great selection of food. One of the best!
4	This place is over-hyped.I love Vegas buffet as much as the next person, so when I heard everyone singing praises about this place, I couldn't wait to go.Came in on a Sunday at around 10:15 AM, no line, woo-hoo!  We were seated immediately.  We picked up some self-serve mimosas and went to work on the buffet line.  Given it was brunch, I got a breakfast-y plate to start.  The French toast and blueberry pancakes were not bad.Moving on to plate #2, the sushi there = no good.  There was no sashimi, so I just got the whole sushi piece of raw salmon and another white fish.  I picked the meat off of them and couldn't even finish that -- it was dry and no better quality than I'd get at my local Asian buffet, ick.  The pizza was thin-crust and nothing special, either.  They did have this spicy pineapple jicama salad that was pretty good, though.Moving on to the dessert -- I was expected to be wow-ed here, and at first I was.  The selection looked nice, but the only thing I really enjoyed from my nibblings was the oatmeal cookie and dulce de leche dessert shot.  Most of the dessert shots were not cold enough, and the cupcakes there tasted like supermarket quality.  The fruit tarts used the same crust as some of their other desserts -- it was plain, floppy, and worse than those I'd get at the supermarket.  The pies were pale, and the gelato was pretty much like regular ice cream to me.  I did really appreciate the gelato service, though.  I guess it's a good thing that I didn't *love* the dessert area, though, as typically this is where I tend to overdo it.I keep hearing this is the best buffet in Vegas, and even in my limited visits, I already have seen that it's not.  However, I'd come back again for the general cleanliness of the M Resort and the restaurant itself (okay, maybe the drinks, too).
4	The food is very good quality for a buffet.   However, the price has been increased and the crab legs are now cut in half.   So, if I had rated them months back, I would have given 5 stars.  Now, the price is higher and the crab quality is lower.   When they cut the crab in half (which I'm sure is being down to reduce waste), it drys it out.  Not as good as it used to be.   4 stars for now.   I'm sure it will be lower in the future.
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas!  I love the food selection as well as the quality.  It's so random too! They have everything from prime rib to a nacho station to paella to crab legs.  Oh, yeah, and free beer and wine INCLUDED in the price.  The gelato is good, but I liked their tiramisu cups and chocolate souffle.  The gelato lady is also a barista!   Just ask him or her to make you something.  I got a cappuccino.  Went great with my dessert!
4	Good food, awesome desserts!  But I prefer the buffet at Rio. I went on a Thursday night so maybe weekends are better.  We enjoyed the drive out there something different for a change.
4	I've been here twice now, and today, my second time, I was able to make it out for seafood night.  By far, this is the best quality buffet I've experienced in Las Vegas.  I've been to the Wynn, Bellagio, and a handful of others...and with those, I felt that I was getting solid food, but mass produced.  Here, the entire experience was just excellent.  I just wish I had a second stomach to do the buffet here justice...
3	I like buffets for the endless plethora of food.  Although this particular buffet is at the M, which means a long drive just to eat here, it was a nice buffet.  One perk is endless wine and beer that comes with every buffet purchased.  The setup is clean--circular, easy, and interesting.  The food here is somewhat different in terms of Asian options and American fare.  Other than that, it's good, not bad for the price, and a nice drive away from the main part of town.
3	The hubby and I thought this buffet was just ok. We had our kid with us, and there weren't too many options for him. It's a pretty good value for the selection of choices though. I didn't like that I had to wait in line for 45 minutes on a Tuesday for lunch. The meat and gelato selection were probably the best things, but I don't think I'd leave the strip again just to eat here.
3	We'd been meaning to come here for forever and finally decided to give it a go last night. My first thought was that the entry process is well organized. Unlike other buffets, which will keep on ringing people up despite the line to be seated being so long that there's nowhere for the newly paid customers to stand, the process was orderly and quick. The food is delicious. I found the quality to be on par with the Bellagio buffet. And the variety of food was excellent. There was a ton to try. Among my favorites: General Tso's chicken, spicy salmon rolls, the tiny bratwursts, shredded pork and the pesto salmon. For the first time ever, I went back to the dessert area for seconds. There were a million little cookies, meringues, tarts, slices of cake, plus crepes and gelato. The crepes aren't made to order, but they were tasty (I had two). The gelato was great. I do have a couple of complaints. The first regards the layout of the buffet. It takes the shape of a very bulbous bell curve, with the "top" of the curve poking out into the middle of the room. It's kind of awkward to walk around and it tends to be a long walk back to your table if you're on the opposite side of the curve. There should be a path "underneath" the curve to cut out a lot of unnecessary walking (I love exercise as much as the next person, but this is a buffet....the less time you have to spend juggling plates and trying not to run into people, the better). My second issue is that none of the "cuisine areas" are labeled. It would have been helpful to see quickly where the Asian food or the carving station or the salads were, rather than having to walk the whole buffet line to figure it out.All in all, it was worth the $24 per person, but due to the layout, I don't know that I'd go back anytime soon.
5	This is my go to buffet place when I'm in Vegas, though technically it's actually a 10 minute drive from the strip. The weekday lunch is a great time to go ($15), but if you're not able to come until the weekend, I would recommend coming to the seafood dinner too. It used to be about $25 for the weekend buffet but now it's about $30+. It's one of my favorite buffets to eat because it has a large selection of good food. They have tri-tip, baked mussels, kbbq ribs, sushi, king crab legs (only on seafood dinner), lots of salads, etc. Almost everything is really good, including their desserts (their creme brulee is delicious). The plus part is that they have unlimited beer and wine!
5	By far THE best buffet ever! It really is worth the 1 1/2 hour long Disneyland-like line, just come somewhat hungry so that by the time you get in you're really hungry! I had heard all kinds of stuff about this buffet and was somewhat skeptical because of the price and the fact that it's way out of the way in terms of location but the property gives a good vibe. Anyways, we got there at about 7pm and the line was just crazy, we decided to stick it out and whoa! it was worth the wait. Everything in the buffet is gourmet status, well, most things at least. My favorite item was the gnocchi, the sauce on it tasted freshly made. The table that we got had a view of the strip and apparently it is somewhat difficult to get this spot. Other than that this is one of the only places I give 5 stars to. Go there, you will not regret it!
2	Before you invest too much in this review, I must make a point to say I do not like buffets. Seeing as I now live in Vegas I thought I would try "the best one". It's mass quantities of sub-par food. The good news, although it's massive it seems like people get through it at a disturbing rate. If you are buffet fan, check it out.
3	About $51 for 3 people, food wasn't anything special but wasn't bad. Line had about 40 people in it and we had to wait over 30 mins which was a little LONG to be seated! Seemed a little under staffed maybe. Buffet includes beer and wine which is nice for those of you that like to drink while you eat.
5	I heard about this buffet by word of mouth from a couple of co-workers. Everyone said "You have to go eat at the M Buffet!" And oh man they were right!I went with my brother on a Saturday for their Seafood Brunch. We got there at about 11am and there was no line! We couldn't believe it because we were expecting to wait in in line for a Saturday. Now the Fri, Sat, and Sun buffet is more expensive because it's a seafood buffet... but it's worth it! It was $40 a person but they had more to offer seafood wise... fresh ice cold crab legs, shrimp cocktail, and oysters. I think Mon thru Thurs it's only $24.99 a person.The big plus ofr me of this buffett is COMPLIMENTARY BEER AND WINE! Unlimited as much as you want! Because I was driving I only had 3 beers... but my brother had 4 to 5 LOL. I stuck with Bud Light. I tried the hard cider... it was pretty good... a little sweet. it was good to have with dessert. The food was well all so yummy! Because we went for brunch we had both breakfast and lunch items. Some items that stood out and was super yummy was the corned beef hash, the crab legs (of course), the lobster bisque soup, and the desserts OH THE DESSERTS! The creme brule melted in my mouth! Plus a wide selection of yummy gelato!The service was great as well too. Our waiter was quick with clearing plates and was even chatted with us about his tattoos. I'm definitely going back here everytime I go to Vegas! So worth it!
1	Las Vegas is a city that offers so many different choices when it comes to "All You Can Eat" Buffets, that you have to wonder how some of the lower quality buffets can stay in business.  Since I live in the South West part of town, I really wanted to check out the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.  I read some of the reviews and many speak about the large variety of options that Studio B has to offer.            There were a lot of negative reviews talking about the long lines, disorganization, and less than pleasant service - but I had to check it out for myself.  When my husband and I went it was strictly a personal visit and had nothing to do with writing a review or feature story, but just to have some down time and enjoy some good food that I didn't have to write about.  However, as you can see, it has turned into a writing project.            We decided to go to what they call the "Seafood" buffet, which is on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evenings since seafood is something we both adore.  The line was long and took us an hour to get through to the cashier.  Once we arrived at the end of the stanchions and the next available cashier was finished with their customer we walked up to her and I was told that I needed to get back in line until I was called.  Not only was the comment rude and lacked any form of great customer service, her tone and demeanor was anything but friendly.  Smiles were definitely not part of the cashier's uniforms.            After paying $40 per person (which includes all you can drink wine and beer) we had to wait on another line until we were seated -- this took an additional 20 minutes.  Once we say down it took exactly 18 minutes before a server came and asked us what we wanted to drink. I kept it simple and chose my usual iced tea with lemon.  We left the table to check out the buffet and after walking the entire buffet line, filling our initial plate and grabbing a beer, we arrived back to the table where the iced tea had still not arrived.            I'm going to keep this part of the story short since there is so much more to say.  Bottom line I eventually the iced tea made it to the table and we never saw a refill for the entire time we were there.  We decided to just leave the food on the plates and go to Hash House for dinner.  The service was horrible.  My husband and I have both spent over 20 years in the food and beverage industry and we do understand that sometimes, you just have a bad day and things don't go well.  However, it was something that needed to be brought to the attention of management.            I sent a letter into the Food and Beverage department explaining that the experience was less than desirable in hopes that they would take a look at some of the issues discussed and work on improving them.            I was promptly contacted back by Melissa "Missy" Herber, the Room Manager for Studio B, who was very kind, professional, and appeared very concerned about the issues at hand.  She invited us back for dinner on her and explained that:            "The M Resort strives to deliver excellent customer service and memorable guest experiences.  Again we apologize on behalf of Studio B and the M Resort for any disappointment or hardships we may have caused." And that we should "Please accept this email as an invitation for two to join us for the Seafood Buffet again as I am confident you will leave having the kind of experience The M Resort is so well known for.  Your name will be with cashiers, please enter through the VIP line and let the cashier know that we have your name and they will take care of the rest."                  Missy was very correct, we would leave with a memorable experience.             We went back to the M tonight to enjoy the kind of experience that Missy said the M resort is so well known for.  When we arrived at the VIP line as stated, again, there was a very long line.  Once we reached the cashier and I gave her my name she looked in this white 3 ring binder and explained that my name was not on the list and Missy was not on property.  She then asked if I was sure that I gave her my correct name.  Really?? Would I really not know my name?FOR THE REST OF THIS REVIEW CLICK HERE:  http://sincitynews.org/2012/10/26/studio-b-buffet-at-the-m-resort-big-on-variety-does-not-mean-big-on-quality/
5	This was so good the food was 5***** all you can drink wine&beer!! You have to go
3	I'm not a huge fan of buffets. For the most part, they produce tons of food and sacrifice some quality in the process. Otherwise, they do appeal to a wide range of preferences, so everyone usually leaves satisfied.A month and a half ago, my L.A. friends and I came for their weekday lunch at $17 per person. Didn't take us long to pay and be seated at all. Let me just say, you can and will get your money's worth based on their expansive selection along with their service. Like a team of ninjas, their waitstaff sneakily takes your plates to make room for the next round of food. It was a bit difficult to track them down for drink refills.As for the food, my friends and I were impressed by the sheer variety of food, but slightly disappointed with the execution. From the entrees to the desserts, everything looked good, but the flavor was lacking. Love the prime rib, gelato, and creme brulee though!That said, this buffet is among the better ones you can find in Vegas, but not necessarily the best.
3	I brought my friend here for the first time. It was Saturday brunch and knew it would be pricy. But I didn't know it would be so.... pricey. It was $43.00 a person. That's pricey to me. All because they had crab on the buffet. The crab is just Opie crab. That's what they use at Sizzler. The buffet is very good and the prime rib was excellent. You get free beer and wine but I don't drink either. The desserts are good but not many of them. I do like this buffet but I don't like the price. I will come back but only when it's $15.99 a person. They use to have the 2 for 1 for seniors and that was really great. But that's gone like most things. I suggest you go but make sure to check the price. No weekends!
4	There are three things that you have to do when you go to Vegas: Drink, Gamble, and eat at a Buffet. If you don't do 2 out of 3 of those things in Vegas then why even go to Vegas?Studio B Buffet Selection: Crab Legs, Shrimp, Mac and Cheese, Pancit, Oysters, Baked Oysters, Kalbi, Mashed Potatoes, Clam Chowder and.... That is all I got. Everything I listed I enjoyed.Dessert: Oreo Cookie Ice Cream, Creme Brulee, and Chocolate Chip cookie. Also really goodDrink: All you can drink Beer and wine. But don't overdo it here. Cause you want to save your stomach space for the real food, not the beverages.Service: Really Good. Benjie really took care of us. Thanks for telling us about DJ and Jollibee in Vegas Benjie!Price: $40 for dinner. and 20 something dollars for lunch. But I think the dinner was worth the price.It just sucks that this hotel is far off the strip. But well worth the trip.Will I be back? Suure! I was killing it at the roulette table at this casino. :PEating at a buffet = Vegas trip complete. Mission Accomplished!
4	Great people, very friendly food above the buffet norm. Wine and beer added bonus but dessert was awesome! Next time just wine and gelato!
3	Overrated..over priced..nothing special..better buffs elsewhere in town..
5	Seafood! Steak! Dessert! I am in-love with this place! Every time I'm in Vegas, I always have to eat at a buffet. It's my personal tradition! Of course, I love food, so what better way to put a smile on my face than bring me to a buffet!I went with my two friends who have been here before. As I walked in, I felt like a little girl on her first visit to Disneyland. Maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but it was certainly a great place to eat with family and friends. They have everything for everyone from Chinese food to American food. I walked around to see all the selections before making my final choice for my first place. Yes, I said it..."my first plate," because you should not go to a buffet if you're only planning to eat one plate of food! Seriously, it's forbidden in my book! Everything here was amazing! I highly recommend to save room for dessert! They have delicious varieties of desserts that I cannot even begin to describe how I was having a hard time deciding what to eat! We went here on a Saturday afternoon which we paid $43 each person. I can only say is that it's worth the price! This place is further from the strip, so there was no line nor was it crowded!
5	IMO, probably one of the top tier buffets in LV and it's not even on the Strip!Prime Rib - Check!Crab Legs - Check!BBQ Ribs - Check!Seafood Paella - Check!Mounds of Oysters - Check!Food from all over the world - Check!Great dessert bar - Check!Free Alcoholic LIbations - Nice bonus!It has almost everything a buffet connoisseur would want.  I think the only thing lacking here is the made to order food stuff.  But the quality here is high.  You get seated really quickly.  And there is a lot of food!  A lot!  The service is great as you would expect from a high class buffet in Vegas.Be sure to save room for dessert.  They allow you take ice cream to go as well!
4	The one other buffet besides the Wynn that I actually didn't feel completely repulsed afterwards. Being somewhat a germ freak, I'm not the biggest fan of buffets. After my boyfriend and I spent a few bucks at the casino and earned 700 points, we received buy one get one for the buffet. We went on a Sunday night and It happened to be the seafood buffet which included unlimited beer and wine. After waiting in line for nearly 30 minutes we finally got seated. Very disappointed in the sushi but everything else tasted pretty damn good. Its kinda ridiculous how busy is it. What a great place to people watch, haha. Even though I didn't have any room for dessert, I forced myself to try some and It was decent. Thank you to another Vegas buffet that I will be working off for the next 2 weeks, YAY!
2	The quality of this buffet has gone WAY down and prices way up since the first time I came here in late 2010.  I ate here with my bf on my way back home from Vegas for brunch and it was $44 per person, not including gratuity.  Price included unlimited mimosas, wine and beer, which wasn't optional.  This price is a RIP OFF, seeing that you can eat Bacchanal, Wynn or Cosmo buffet for around the same price for DINNER.  The food was in no way even close to what they serve at those places.  I think if the price was cut in half, I might have given it one more star.  Food:  Selection is decent.  There is your salad and soup areas, bfast section with an omelette station, seafood with crab legs, cocktail shrimp and oysters, sushi, prime ribs and steak, and Asian food section including kbbq and Chinese noodles.  The have a small dessert section, and I say small in comparison to Wynn's and the like.  I really liked that they had an espresso machine where the barista could make you a fancy caffeinated drink.  Quality is just bad.  Crab legs are tiny and the meat is meager.  There is a slight aftertaste that I hate, which comes from not-so-fresh crabs.  The prime rib looked too well-done and the steak was also overcooked and just wasn't appetizing.  The rice on the sushi rolls were rock hard so I took off the rice and ate just the nori and the filling.  The lobster bisque was the worst I've ever had - can't really call it lobster bisque if there is no lobster in it.  Oysters were handled without much afterthought by the person putting them on the buffet line, and were not fresh.  Just anything I put on my plate, i took a bite of and gave up.  Even the chocolate souffle tasted like semi-wet chocolate flavored baby powder.  I felt bad for wasting all that food.  After the 2nd plate, I almost wanted to ask for my money back.  If you are in Vegas and want to do the buffet thing, stick to Wynn, Cosmo, or Bacchanal.
5	Most people see Vegas buffets as a good value and consider them to be all the same. I guess those same people have never been to Studio B Kitchen at the M Hotel and Casino Resort. Not only has it been voted by Vegas locals as the best buffet in town, the quality and abundance of food is exceptionally good. Definitely better then Bellagio, Rio and Wynn. Truly the best Vegas buffet experience around. Its located 20 minutes from the Vegas strip south of I15 in Henderson. Before heading home to LA, I always make Studio B my final dining destination. Prices are pretty reasonable - Lunch Mon-Fri $17 and Mon-Thur Dinner $24. Weekend prices are slightly higher due to seafood buffet - dinner/brunch is $43. Unlimited beer and wine is included with seafood dinner/brunch. That's right! "Unlimited beer and wine" - no gambling involved. Service is pretty good. I've been here several times the waitress always stops by to refill our drinks and quickly clears our plates. During weekends and holidays, seating usually averages about 20-30 minutes due to it's popularity. I guess word of mouth is spreading fast.The Food - Everything is delicious and high quality. My recommended favorites include:Carving station - Prime rib, stuffed pork rack, turkey breast, tri-tip, rotisserie chicken - tender, succulent and deliciousSeafood - Oyster, crab, shrimp, paella, crawfish, seafood bouillabaisse, lobster bisque - One word "Awesome"Mac N Cheese - fabulous, gourmet quality so creamy and cheesy.Sushi - average and sushi rice kind of dryCrawfish - not fresh and lacks Cajun spices.Asian Stations - kalbi short ribs, pansit (rice noodles, cabbage, carrots, chicken, soy), oxtail soup, baked mussels - authentically good!Salads - fajita salad, Greek salad, Caesar, Asian shrimp, ahi sashimi, beet salads - excellentMexican - Posole (Hominy, Pork) - authentic, comforting and muy Sabroso.The desserts are fabulous and probably the best in Vegas. This is the only place that I know where I can fill my plate full of desserts and end up eating everything off my plate. It's incredibly good - especially cream brulee, cupcakes, tiramisu, cannoli and pistachio raspberry shooters. Italian Gilatto - mango, coconut and pistachio are definitely must try. Overall - 5 star. When you go to Vegas, they say the house always win. But when it comes to buffet, Studio B is truly the best. It's the only place that I know that Lady Luck will definitely be on your side cause the food is awesome. Just keep the food and booze coming.
3	Not worth the money. Four of us for $172+. Two of the four of us were under 21 so the unlimited beer and wine didn't apply yet the price was the same. The food was good (not spectacular) but not worth $40+pp. Barona Casino in San Diego blows this buffet out of the water and is less expensive.If the price was much less, I would go back. The alcohol was not a winning point for me.The price is so high for the unlimited beer and wine but when you don't drink (or shouldn't because of age) it's not really worth the time, money or the trip.
4	Granted buffets are not the gourmet experience, and quality and freshness range from frozen TV dinner to a good cafeteria / wedding buffet food.  It is with this gauge / rate buffet offeringsStudio buffet is new and is excellent in comparison to all those buffets who have gone down hill from year past.What I love about this (sushi exception) is all their food has good quality.  Shrimp are not shriveled up and flavorful, salmon was cooked with flavor and supple qualities.Paellae is not saffron based and on par with fast food paellae found in cheap Spain sidewalk restaurants.Everything here is good EXCEPT for sushi...which is hard as a rock, and equivalent to Costco sushi (or worse).Tempura sushi roll should have a crunch in a soft rice wrapped roll.  Nope, its hard as a rock and clearly made in bulk days ago.Best thing here indeed is the FREE beer on tap, root beer on tap, cappucino (liquored enhanced) or wine for lunch.That coupled with good gelato (equivalent to low end Italian gelator I've had) for free.made this place stand out from the rest
4	We decided to take our friends out for lunch before our flight.  We asked where they wanted to go and they suggested the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort, Spa and Casino in Henderson.  It is about 10-15 min south on the Strip from Mandalay Bay and Airport, which was perfect for us since we had to catch our flight after lunch.The lunch on M-F is $15.99 and dinner on M-Th is $23.99.  Friday seafood dinner and the weekend seafood brunch and dinner is $39.99.  With this price, included are several beers on tap, root beer on tap and a selection of wine.  Also, the price charged INCLUDED tax as well. We were promptly seated and the waiter came by and took our drink orders.  They have an extensive selection of salads.  All the ones that I tried were fresh and delicious.The carving station had tri-tip, turkey, ham and rotisserie chicken.  Tried the beef and ham and both were moist and very good. The crawfish, paella, and the steamed clams and mussels were good.  The BBQ ribs were tender.  From the Asian station, tried the kalbi ribs and oxtail soup were both delicious. The limited sushi selection was the only let-down.  The rice was on the hard side, which meant they have been sitting there for awhile.  On to desserts.  They had an extensive selection of various cakes, cookies, flans, pies, cheesecakes, desserts in cups, custard balls, cannolis, macaroons and a very nice selection of sorbets/gelatos.  Also, they have a coffee bar and you can get a cappuccino, latte, and mochas. Overall, this is a very good to excellent buffet.  For $15.99 for lunch with includes beer and wine and tax, it is a great value.  Since it is off the Strip, it was not crowed.  But I think once the word gets out, the crowds will be coming.  I would rate this buffet 4.5 stars.Wish we had more time to enjoy more of the buffet.  But we will for sure make the Studio B Buffet a stop on our next visit to Vegas.
4	After reading a number of reviews and seeing the billboards rating the M buffet as number 1 in Vegas I thought I would give it a try.  First time visiting this resort.  It is spectacular from what we could see....did not stay here.  The buffet had a short line that they could find a better way to mange the people.  You will wait in one line to pay then enter another line to get seated....you will wait as every "VIP and Comp" gets rushed past you.  The seating process is to have 4 tables taken in at a time by one host....I felt like I should grab the knot on the rope like I was in preschool.  Once seated we explored the expansive buffet.  The choices are great and you need to take a pass without a plate just so you can see what you want...you will never be able to try everything.  The korean ribs and general tao chicken were stand outs for me.  Then is was desert....great selection with an ice cream bar that is unreal...great flavours like peanut butter, chocolate chip, cookie dough and so on....some 12 plus flavours.  It is true that beer and wine are included in the price but don't have high expectations here....I took two glasses of the Merlot and could not choke one down......it burns worse than bar tequila at a Cancun all inclusive. Overall this is a great buffet and worth the trip away from the strip.
5	A buffet that's out of the hustle and bustle of the las vegas strip. My only complaint here is the chicken noodle soup is a bit salty and the clam chowder soup is anything, but that. Tater tots for the win! At least for me. Fried chicken here is very good also considering it's a buffet. Very juicy and flavorful. Most of time, fried chicken is very dry at most buffets. The ice cream here is excellent also. Very creamy especially the Oreo Cookies flavor. I think all their ice cream is gelato which probably explains why it's creamy. Definitely a buffet I would recommend if you want to go somewhere away from the hustle and bustle of the las vegas strip and it's not too far of a drive.
5	wow.REALLY good.The hotel itself is VERY elegant, very brand new feel, clean... I had no idea there was this sort of quality outside the strip.We went here on a Saturday night around 8pm. There was a small line but no biggie, I believe it was $44.99/person?They had A LOT of different food and it was ALL good. The waiters were very attentive.... I would definitely come back here.Everything was clean, the food was great, and the service was fantastic!
3	Third time there, as usual the food was awesome.  The only downfall was that their sushi's where not fresh.  Seems like it was taken out of the refrigerator.  I love my sushi but was so disappointed.
4	I have not eaten at Studio B seance the opening. What was great then, still is great. Thanks to The M for keeping the standers.
4	Better than average. A few dishes that were done really well, like the Panang beef curry and the pancit chicken. Several dishes that looked like they'd been sitting out for a while, but that might be signs of a slow moment; it was fairly quiet when we arrived and pretty busy by the time we left. Although I wasn't exactly thrilled with the food, it was a nice variety of choices. Factor in the relative ease of getting there (as opposed to buffets on the strip), the clean environment, attentive service and the booze station,  I'll go there again in the future.
5	I heard that this buffet is yummy and good $$. it is not on the LV strip, so its cheaper and its for locals!!It was a $40 ride from the strip and a $40 ride back so it was 80 to get there!I think it was only $20/ to eat at the time..haha the ride cost more but it was worth it. YOu only go vegas a few times in your lifeWhat blew me away was the BEER and WINE how it is included in the price!!They have alot of good dishes!!! Just look around. I thought the sushi wasn't fresh thoughI still think Wynn is my all-time favorite. but studio B would be 2nd on my list!!
4	Pros: No line on a Sunday evening really. Raw oysters! Though keeping them cold on your plate is impossible. Warm crab legs (cold ones were okay)Lomi lomi and pokePrime ribVanilla cappucinos (amaretto was nasty!)Creme BruleeWine and beer - unlimitedServer was really niceCons: Barely any nigiri or sushi Some oysters did not look that greatCustomers are a lot more rude than other buffets, they just stand by the seafood and grab it all as it goes out or take hella long to pick their oysters while a line forms.Other desserts were not that greatA pretty good buffet, but I rather do the Buffet of Buffets b/c you get more selection at some buffets and you pay almost the same price ($44) for 24 hours worth!
5	I love this buffet! It is better than most of the buffets in Vegas for a few reasons. First, you can get in for lunch during the week at a reasonable price--about $15 dollars if you get there prior to 2:30pm. In addition, the buffet selection is huge! There are so many delicious foods to try. Two of my favorite foods at Studio B included the sweet yams with marshmallows on top and the cucumber salad. Another great thing about this place: there is an open bar. You're welcome to drink as much as you'd like for as long as you'd like; you go up to a counter where someone is pouring drinks nonstop--help yourself. The cider wine was my favorite drink. Not only that, but they also were very well organized and friendly. I look forward to going back again and would like to suggest you try this place too.
5	My favorite Buffet in Las Vegas/Henderson area M Resort. Great Seafood,Crab,Fish,Peel and Eat Shrimp,Great Salads Bar,Dessert Bar, Free Wine And Beer Included Gotta oLve This Place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! John "Wurkin' Burkin
5	Amazing!! If you come here before 2:30 the price is only $15.99..unlimited beer and wine..such a great deal. Then comes the food...delicious soups...cream of mushroom my favorite!! Sushi was okay..not bad but just a little off..but the selection of other things is endless. Chicken Marsala was a stand out by far...a tender chicken breast, not the usual chewy chicken you get from buffets. The Marsala sauce was so good I put it all over my pasta.The dessert also good..panacatta and flan were awesome..not too much I didn't like. The sashimi salad was a little fishy but still a great place..can't wait to go again!!I would suggest going either early or later..not at peak times because obviously there will be a long wait.
3	This was my first meal after arriving in Vegas last week, when I drove here with my parents and boyfriend. Originally was going to take my parents to Hash House for lunch but ended up going here instead because my mom wanted to eat buffet for lunch. For lunch it was only about 16 bucks per person, given that it was a Wednesday afternoon - I am not sure how much it is for lunch on a weekend but I thought it was pretty cheap.However, this time it wasn't as great as the first time. Not sure if it was because it's lunch and not dinner - but the selection was lacking. We were all pretty much starving after the 4 hour drive and I expected the food to be awesome since I was so hungry but I was somewhat disappointed in their quality and selection. I think one factor was that it's a weekday and it wasn't super busy so perhaps they cut out some entrees. However, their dessert selection was awesome and good. I am not sure what stood out since I didn't actually eat everything but I had a good amount of the food and what I liked the most was the Lamb chops. Even though this time it wasn't as good I still wouldn't mind coming here again. It's pretty decent quality even if they don't have as many dishes as I would have liked.
4	Pros:Price (less an 35 for two adults before tip)Good selection (lot of Asian cuisine such as green curry, panang beef, black pepper chicken, Singapore noodles, etc)No smoke smell (even the casino at the M doesn't reek of cigarettes too badly)Decent dessert selection.Cons:None of the food wowed us, but it was very good.
2	I first ate at Studio B when they first opened several years ago.  I was impressed with the overall venue, and the food.I returned to the buffet 2 weeks ago and was disappointed.  I was looking forward to the sushi, and the rice was hard and dry. So sad!The Osso Buco was large, but the bone was about 90% so there wasn't much meat on the bone.  The mac and cheese lacked flavor.  The Chinese food ok, but overcooked.The buffet does have a large selection of items, but the quality of each item is not as delicious as when they first opened.  The food items were disappointing in  taste and quality of ingriedients. The price was $39 for the weekend brunch, which is fine as long as the quality equates to or surpasses the price.This visit it did not, and I left unsatisfied.I'll be checking out other high quality buffets on the strip, and won't return to the M until I hear that they've brought their quality standards back to when they originally opened. THAT was impressive!!!
3	Biggest draws:-REALLY cheap for a Vegas buffet ($15.99 lunch, compared to Rio's ~$27)-unlimited beer and wine-huge dessert selection...cheesecake, gelato, and tiramisu, oh my!-There is a lot of space-Service was great! Our waitress was very nice, and came often to refill our drinks and take our plates away.  Also, one of the guys at the carving station was funny.-Oysters and prime rib were yummy, as was the sweet potato mashNot so good:-The sushi-The Asian food in general did not taste very good to me, maybe it's because I'm Asian...-Very far away from the strip-most of the food was pretty forgettableGreat buffet overall! I will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town :)
5	I frequently come to Las Vegas with my parents, and we have tried several buffets.and WOW. this is by far the best buffet that's out there. Pros:- Cheap for lunch - the seafood buffet on the weekends is AMAZING. the crabs, shrimps, oysters are very fresh. a bit pricey though ($40) - the dessert section is huuuge! some of the things can be on the sweeter side but my favorite is the panna cotta and the creme brule. you can tell the dessert is great when there's a line inside the buffet to get to it!- the meat selection is large and the short ribs are the die for. The prime rib is also great! tender and juicy.- The salad section has a lot of variety. also very fresh- best sweet mash potatoes i've ever had. the marshmallows baked on top is delicious- Unlimited beer and wine! Cons: - the hotel itself is very far from the strip. It takes us about 15-20 min by car. I would imagine the taxi ride there would be pricey as well.- the asian food is not very good. The sushi was dry and the chow mein was over cooked. The Pad Thai was also fluorescent orange and too sweet.  (the only food I loved in the asian section was the Thai Curry)I've been to the Studio B over 5 times and I still love it! Can't wait to go back when I visit again :)
4	Hooooly moly. This is as good as it gets...worth every penny! Everything is AMAZING!! I came in for lunch and tackled as much as I could...some notables was the delicious prime rib, plentiful smoked salmon, and CRAB LEGS!! Things I don't quite like were the NY steak (dry), other meats that looked dry, below par sushi (thin sashimi, thick cubes of rice), and most of the ice creams were not that great to me. For such a large buffet at a great price, you really should expect SOME things to be hit or miss though, and the fact that they add in or switch some items on the buffet as you are eating really adds to the "OH I GOTTA TRY THAT!" fun factor. I will be back...once I finish digesting...if ever...
5	Studio B Buffet just knocked Bellagio's buffet off my number one buffet spot.  Since it was a holiday weekend, they were having their seafood buffet for the whole day.  We stopped by on our way out of Vegas for lunch and yes, we paid the $40 a person, but it was so delicious!  Talk about food coma.  I loved that they offered the snow crab legs hot!  And their prime rib was so good.  It was juicy and cooked to the right medium.  And the plus side... unlimited beer and wine.  OMG!  I've died and gone to buffet heaven.  They have a really good selection of food.  Their dessert was like a combination of Wynn's gelato station and Bellagio's pastries.  Their fried chicken was delicious and their Asian selection even included pad Thai.  That's a first I've seen this at a buffet.  Overall, a great buffet with a huge selection of delectable goodness.  I'm sure to mark this buffet as a must stop on all my future Vegas trips!
2	This buffet is not worth it, at $40 dinner per person on Friday night.   The things that were good were the prime rib and the alcohol being included, but at $40 per person, you can get a better selection elsewhere.  If this buffet were $25-30, it would be a better value for the selection.  There was no sushi.
2	This buffet wasn't that awesome. I think Bellagio's buffet is better. The only upside is that they have all you can drink (beer & wine & lattes/coffee) and a pretty good dessert selection (I highly recommend their pumpkin or banana gelato). I wouldn't come back. It's definitely overhyped.
1	No idea how this place gets voted best Vegas buffet, or anywhere on anyone's top 10 list.We had the seafood buffet, where there was a large variety of items, all made by school cafeteria cooks. All the meats were well, well done and dry, and you had "hot" crab legs that had simply been baking under heat lamps for hours, not actually fresh out of a boiling pot like any other place.They were slow and skimpy with nicer foods - the carvers at the meat stations would take frequent breaks and let a line build up, and the sushi section was simply empty and unstocked 4 out of 5 times I passed by.  There were several sections on the right side that were *labeled* with nicer foods like smoked salmon or trout, but had been simply replaced by salads instead. Crepes were pre-made and pre-packaged with toppings, and they only give you a 1/4 slice of a crepe at that. My standard drink is an orange juice at buffets, which every other has a real version of - the M Resort served up some hideous Sunny D from concentrate concotion.The waiter service wasn't very attentive, and both us and the table next door ended up stacking about 25 plates on an empty nearby table before someone came to pick them up.That hasn't even gotten to the $40 per person cost for lunch, for which they tack on the mandatory cost of alcohol even if you don't drink. That's in the same category of the Bellagios and Wynns and Caesar's of Vegas, all of which are more centrally located and actually serve decent food. The line also took about an hour, at around 2-3 on a Saturday.If you're looking for a buffet and nowhere close to the strip, go to a buffet at one of the Station casinos - it's a $7.99 (vs. $40) lunch and the food is hands-down BETTER.
3	~$50 for saturday lunch. ouch! Honestly nothing really wowed me about this place, though I can't say I left unsatisfied. There's a large selection of all sorts of food - Asian, mexican, italian, SEAFOOD, lots of seafood...Oysters and crab legs are very frequently replenished since they seem to be the most popular. Not the freshest of quality but I can probably eat them all day...All you can drink beer and wine, but resist bloating yourself with the beer. Try pear cider instead! Yummy :-)Desserts were decent. Panna cotta and creme brulee are my favs. But nothing beats fruits as desserts though! I grabbed a plate full of their ripe and juicy watermelon. I was happy.There are plenty of seats inside. My party of 10+ was seated immediately :) The waiters are good with clearing away our empty plates in a timely manner. One inconvenience is it's ~17 min away from the strip. I don't know if I'd do this again for the $$$$ they charge.
4	The signs leading into Vegas advertising the best Buffet at the M are no joke.  This place is good.Went for late breakfast which was a good thing since the dessert and coffee bar didn't open until 10:30.  The regular coffee kinda sucked but their lattes and expressos are made on the spot.  The caffeine rush was mellowed out from the food coma.Omelette guy did a great job with my veggie concoction.  Sausages, bacon, hash browns were all good.  Wasn't in the mood, so I stayed away from the fancy stuff this time.Oatmeal was good too.  Cook was stirring it up as I was approaching that area, so I had to get a big bowl.lox - you snooze you lose.  The Chinese customers were piling this on their plates like mad, so you better strike first and hard!pancakes - meh.  been sitting out too long under the heat lamps and developed a hard crust.macadamia french toast with blueberry topping - this is the preferred way to go.  There was no urgency to get my money's worth (11 bucks), so just enjoy what you like.  Server was a great guy who kept our glasses full and tables clean.
4	Quality over quantity...always, but you could usually throw that argument out when it comes to buffets, so when I come across a Studio B, it threw me off. Not only is the quality of their selections great, they have some great gelato that made me go back for more, you can also buy them by the pint to take home with you. Here is the major kicker, they serve alcohol, at no extra charge unless you wish to be kind and tip the guy. Also I was told that lunch is rather cheaper than dinner, about $30 or so, but when we came, it was seafood brunch.....so it was about $44 per person, which made me think, there better be a lot of seafood selections.....but to my dismay, it was the typical seafood you can get all the time; crab legs, oysters, etc.....I didn't see anything different.
4	Favorite things: sashimi salad, yams with marshmallows, dessert selection.Free wine and beer.Good off the strip buffet choice.
5	Studio B aka M Buffet is the buffet spot to be at! The wait is at least an hour before you can devour yourselves in some delicious "gourmet" buffet food. Depending on the day you go, the prices change! I went on a Wednesday and lunch was $17.95 and lunch time is until 4pm. We got in around 3:30pm so we got to partake in the dinner for a lunch price, score!5 plates later....Pros:Gelato Ice CreamVarietyLots of Meat/ProoooteinFood for all food preferences, even the vegetarians can make their money's worth here!Cons:Long LinePriceGets you in a food coma which makes the drive to SoCal even MORE dreadful
5	I cannot visit Las Vegas w/o going to Studio B Buffet at the M.  Despite the long line, my boyfriend and I ALWAYS wait.  I would suggest going for Friday dinners or any time during the weekend b/c they have the seafood buffet at these times.  At other times, it's just their regular buffet, which is ~$20 w/ tax.  The seafood buffet is ~$40 w/ tax for obvious reasons, but it's totally worth it.  Whenever I catch the seafood buffet, I gorge myself w/ steamed snow crab legs (which is served cold AND hot) and oysters.  A couple months ago, I remember them having crawfish, but when I visited in early January, I didn't see any crawfish -- must not be in season.  But the snow crab legs and  oysters alone are satisfactory.  They slice the snow crab legs in half, so you don't have to go through the trouble of breaking the legs -- which makes things a lot more enjoyable when you're gorging yourself.  Aside from the seafood, their other buffet choices are excellent.  They have wonderfully tender steak options; the salad bar is phenomenal; and their soups are delish.  My favorites are the tomato basil, lobster bisque (only served w/ the seafood buffet), and the  miso soup (which has a large variety of seaweed in it).  They also have FREE ALCOHOL. You can choose from a variety of wines and beers.  I'm not sure if they have mixed drinks, but they may add it in the future.  Last, but not least, the dessert bar is to die for b/c they literally have everything under the sun, from gelato to flan to cake to tiramisu and plenty more.  Studio B is certainly amazing!!!The only con I can see (aside from the long lines) is that Studio B Buffet is in the M, which is 10 miles off the strip.  So if you stay on the strip, you'd have to drive 10 miles.  This is what my boyfriend and I do: we drive in from So Cal to Las Vegas and drop by the M to eat.  Then when we drive back to California, we drop by the M again.  Everything's on the way in this case, so it minimizes inconvenience.  Hope this helps any of you coming from So Cal.
5	If you desire a buffet meal, you can't go wrong here! This place has everything, including wine and champagne along with an espresso bar. However, what comes with abundance, comes a price. I spent $87 for two people. It's worth it if your favorite pastime is eating. I don't fancy buffets because I never ever get monies worth, simply because I get full fast. If this is not, it really should be voted the best in Las Vegas. Salmon was amazing and the lobster was incredible!
5	If you have a Huge Appetite and like great food is one of the Best Buffets Las Vegas has to Offer. Please do not let the lines deter you from going.It is totally worth your wait and while for a relaxing experience
3	The crab legs, shrimp, and rest of the seafood were great! Just don't go to the Asian section. It's a big disappointment. Everything was BLAND. Even the good-looking fried rice did not have any salt. The sushi was also terrible. Very disappointing.Stick with the SEAFOOD!
5	AYCE, and AYCD [ALL-you-CAN(mothafuckin')-DRINK]7-Stars ALL-AROUND! That's right, I said it. SEVEN! Even Stevie Wonder could see this place is amazing!!! How you say? Well my Yelp friend, take 2 minutes and let me describe it to you in the most tantalizing way imaginable...Before I divulge, let me say that I've tried the following AYCE places in LV:-Wicked Spoon-Buffet @ the Wynn -The Carnival at Rio -Planet Hollywoodand some other shitty places too, so you know I got all the credentials to review this place and you can take my word for what it's worth--- EVERYTHING!For starters, it's the location. If anyone knows anything about Real Estate, it's LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! What that has to do here is the fact that it's 10-12 miles off the strip, meaning away from all that Bull Shiiii, and it has more of a calm, Kumbay fuawking Yaaaa, demeanour which is a great thing!FOOD: The selection is ENDLESS. I went during brunch but what I saw, will astound me till this day. Seafood, chicken, fried chicken, roasted chicken, crabs, steak, prime-rib, fish, sushi, Chinese food, breakfast foods, sausage, MEAT, greens, cot damn't what more do you want! I ended up making the weirdest, most random combination plate ever. Prime-rib, tater tots, mashed potatoes, seafood, nacho cheese, Chinese food, and some other crap. On a side note, if you care there is Orange chicken here, it's just not called Orange Chicken. Instead, it's called EMPEROR MING's chicken or something like that. Do you know why it's called that? Cuz that mothafuka died cooking that shieet, so delicoius! Panda Express eat your heart out!DESERT: Damn what more could you want? These guys have Ice-Cream/sorbets for days! Baskin Robin's would have trouble keeping up. They also have a whole slew of pastries your inner fat-child (or literally, your fat child) can feast on. DRINKS: Here it is! This is what separates this place from Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan. They will serve you mimosas, wine, and beer. Crazy! I'd say it's a good selection for the price. About 5 beers on tap and some wine and you're don! Just tip a little bit you cheap bastards...FOR MY STAY SCHEMIN' folks:Alright, if it seems pricey to you, then stop being cheap or go get a better job or something. If you really wanna do something a bum would do, this is what you do--- SNEAK IN. That's right I said it. SNEAK THE FUCK IN! I did a Jason Bourne on the layout of this thing and I noticed the bathroom is outside of the buffet. If I'm drinking a lot, I gotta use the restroom so they put it near the exit outside the buffet. The problem is, you gotta take the exit to use it and the exit to get back in. So if you sneak in through the exit you can walk around and get a platter or two but not a table! Stay Schemin' my friends. My Bad Studio B!REMEMBER EVERYONE, IT'S NOT SIN CITY, IF YOU DON'T SIN ON YOUR DIET AS WELL!
5	This review is a little late as I went on Thanksgiving.  Mom's idea.  I had never been to a buffet anywhere on a holiday and the line for this place was insane and the price was about double what I'm guessing is normal at about $50 a person.  Had we had not had her handicap sign in our possession there is no way I would have stood in that!  That being said, our entry took about ten minutes from line to being seated in what I could tell was the handicap section near the front of the entrance and close proximity to the main buffet, the dessert section and the AYCD wine and beer.  I don't frequent many buffets but I have to say my Mom and I really enjoyed this one.  They had the typical Thanksgiving spread in addition to sushi, beef, chicken, etc., too many items to even name or remember.  I love the dessert bar as they were on the smaller side so it felt okay to try a couple different ones.  We had a great server who was funny and attentive.  Between trips to the buffet and chatting we spent about four hours there and never felt as if we were being rushed.  Bonus, no mess to clean up at home!
2	Back in the day this was the place to go. It had surpasses GVR to become the new it buffet for locals. Now it is very generic, but the free beers and wine does help its case. I got a few small plates to try a little of everything and there was nothing I would go back for.The galbi was tough. The marinade was good though. Most of the meats were dry. The Chinese section was old and needed replacing. We thought this would be a safe bet since we were flopping between so many types of cuisines. Instead we all left feeling unsatisfied.
4	For a buffet, this place is definately a top spot! Espescially in Vegas. Yes it is off the strip, about 10 miles down from it....but it is about the same price as the "top" Vegas Buffet...BUT the quality and choices are WAYYY better! They have over 200+ choices, and on weekends they have a Seafood Buffet! There were so many choices to choose from! From Sushi, prime rib, soups, salads, cheese plates, pizza + pasta, steamed fishes, chicken, etc. Anything you can name, they probably have it, or something similiar to it. I went on Christmas, and since it was holidy, they had a seafood buffet. Crabs, oysters, mussels, clams, shrimp cocktails, etc. I also loved that they had a cheese plate. Everything tasted pretty good, for it being a buffet. The seafood was about as fresh as other seafood buffets on the Vegas Strip that I've been to. Another BIG difference than the Strip buffets...is that they have unlimited drinks and specialty coffee. Yes, you can order champagne, beer, alcohol, lattes, espressos, etc. And it is also INCLUDED in the price of the buffet. They dont charge extra like other buffets off the strip do. The Dessert section is also something to rave about. Not only is their food good here, but their desserts! They even have gelato =O Theres a variety of pastries, bakeries, cakes, chocolate, parfaits, etc. The desserts are from Baby Cakes, which i think is definately worth it...since Baby Cakes is pretty darn expensive. I ate so much desserts, i think just the desserts alone that I ate, could cover the cost of my buffet. haha. I would definately recommend coming here for the seafood buffet, on a weekend. It is worth the drive off the strip. For the same price, you can get more variety and better quality food than off the strip.
5	over a number of years have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas including the spice market at  Planet hollywood, the one at Paris Las Vegas and the buffet at the Wynn. really good points:1) wide open space - one side has a large wall of windows. Room and buffet lines all in rounded circles. gives a sense of open ness. The spice market was in a basement/lower level with no windows. price - note lunch was 15.99/person plus tax2) creative variety of food - I thought the variety a flavor was really good. There was quite a bit of asian but the asian was a wide variety ie filipino, chinese, japanese/sushi, thai, curries, etc. My favorite was the curry variety - I could have taken a quart to go of the green chicken curry.  My daughter said the sliders were to die for including what seemed to be a home made bun. 3) free beer and wine - enough said  -  i have the werewolf which was like a micro brew. yum. They also have a home style root beer on tap for the kids/teens. was also very good. 4) amazing  gourmet desserts- I hate when there are a lot of desserts but they are all cheap/common type. They obviously have a bakery as there were some samples of high end cakes. We had creme brulee, tiaramisu, red velvet cupcakes, mini cheesecake squares, chocolate krispie something, all super good. Also a whole freezer of gelato - looked like what we saw in Italy. Service and seating were okay and as to be expected in a buffet. My husband had had knee surgery so we were able to use the high roller/handicapped line which was good. They had some really unique salads also like a glass noodle salad, a hispanic salad with cheese and raw jalapenos, and more. I give them a five for not feeling closed in, free beer and awesome asian and specialty items.  And nom nom gelato - also they have free cappacino! awesome!
5	I am NOT a buffet fan at all. Which is why it was so easy to give this place 5 stars. I tried Bacchanal, blah. I tried Wicked Spoon, double blah. I come here, I pay half the price, I get great food, great service, huge selection, AND a wine/beer/coffee bar?! "Wait? is there an A health grade?" I secretly asked myself and sure enough, YES THERE ARE MANY!! i'd probably be here way more if I lived closer. The only thing I did not enjoy was the butternut squash soup which was like warm baby food. That is my only complaint of about 5 plates. The dessert included gelato, and creme brulee, as well as Bailey's to go in my espresso. Loved it! Can't wait to come back on a night with some crab legs!
5	Simply put this is the BEST buffet I have ever been to. While I don't usually care much for buffets, when I found the Studio B Buffet on Yelp it intrigued me. I have had the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet, but this is hands down the best. They serve the standard cuisine types (asian, mexican, bbq, salad, pizza, dessert, seafood), but they take them to another level. The seafood is fresh, dessert extravagant, beer free, bbq done right, asian dishes full of flavor without being overly sauced up, and an awesome coffee bar to finish the meal off. If you plan on staying in Vegas, take the time to drive a little bit out of your way to the Studio B Buffet.
3	I came here for lunch and wasn't very impressed. Unless you're already on your way in or out of Vegas, I don't think it's worth the drive. There was just nothing that tasted particularly special. I did hear that dinner is better because you can take advantage of the alcohol and pretty much preparty while you have dinner.
4	I came here on a monday night and would have to admit that it is one of the better buffets i've had in Las Vegas.You can tell that they really put quality above quantity. The prime rib was pretty good for a AYCE. The asian dishes were perfectly seasoned to bring out the freshness of the ingredients they choose to utilize. The thai food was very authentic. The panang curry had the perfect texture and the pad thai noodles were cooked just right.The icing on the cake is of course the deserts. It's chocolate heaven! For those of us who like to venture off the strip, try out the M resort buffet before you head back to L.A.
4	I'll keep it simple. My ranks of Vegas buffets go as such (time stamp January 2013)1) Wicked Spoon2) Studio B 3) Bellagio4) WynnBuffets that are well regarded I have not tried are the Rio seafood buffet and the new Caesar's palace bacchanal buffet.My first time at Studio B buffet I was BLOWN away, but the second subsequent time I was less impressed. Maybe I realized it was more infatuation on the first date, and on the second seeing as how they RAISED their buffet prices I came back down to earth. All of sudden Studio B became high maintenance.Let's face it the unlimited house wine and beer is a huge seller. Eat forever and get drunk. Another aspect of studio B is the wide open space they have. Creates a real comforting eating environment to gorge my face. Lastly the food speaks for itself if I give it 4 stars. The prime rib is solid and the array of desserts is lovely. All of the other high end necessities of what a high end buffet was satisfied, but not exceeded.
3	This review is for the dinner menu. The table service was great and seating is good. Free beer and wine is a plus and not generally not an offering at buffets. The food variety is large, something for everyone. The food qualty overall is good. However, some items are only fair. On our visit the chicken breast was dry. I wanted to try the salmon but only a few pieces remained in the pan and they appeared dried out. I returned 2 times to check but the pan was not replaced or refilled. Fixing these 2 items would improve the rating.
1	Okay, I don't even understand how this place has so many good reviews.We came here for Christmas, and the first impression we got was that it was a nice place.  There is a huge selection of food!  We saw thai, chinese, italian, japanese, indian, american, mediterranean, and a bunch of aromatic meats!However, when we got eating, it was a different story.  I'm going to list the foods we had problems with:1.)  the meats - I don't eat meat, but my boyfriend and his sisters do.  They smelled delicious, and smell should be half of what you eat right?  They had no taste.  My boyfriend and his sisters couldn't taste any meat when they bit into their steaks and ribs.  It tasted like chewy nothing.2.)  crab legs - I saw a bunch of people eating crab legs, since I believe they were Alaskan crab.  My boyfriend got a bunch, and said it tasted like the ocean.  Only a small portion of the tip was sweet, which is what the entire crab leg should've tasted like.  He tried every single crab leg on his plate, and they all tasted salty.3.)  bread rolls - they had giant holes in the middle.  I don't understand how that is even possible4.)  macaroni and cheese - I don't know how you mess up a childhood favourite, but it didn't taste like anything good or even mediocre.5.)  macaroons - tasted like the ocean.  HOW DO MACAROONS TASTE LIKE THE OCEAN?6.)  desserts - they were decorated nicely in small cups, but we saw a couple get a whole bunch, but ended up not eating a lot.  There was a good reason too.  Ever wondered how play-doh taste like?  If you really want to know, go to Studio B buffet and get one of these desserts, and you will get the full experience of eating play-doh.  They taste exactly how play-doh should taste like.7.)  pad thai - tasted like panda express =.= I'm not too sure what else is wrong, but the entire evening was just a sad, sad, evening.  We are never going back to Studio B buffet...ever.  The free alcohol was pretty cool, but they didn't even taste that great.
2	We came here for lunch on a Saturday.  It was $39.99 per person! I was thinking it must be damn good for 40 bucks.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't $40 worth of goodness either.  I did like that they had beer and wine at no additional cost.  There was a wide selection of entrees to choose from.  However, the desserts were lacking and I counted about 6 flies buzzing around the dessert area. Eww! I don't think we'll be going back especially at that price! There are so many better buffets out there for less than half the cost.
4	I've lived in Vegas nearly 40 years and am not a big fan of buffet food. But this is one buffet I'd enjoy eating at again.Clean, friendly and tasty. Highly recommended! A large selection as well!
1	Okay well I went in on Thursday night around 7pm the line was kinda long but i waited it out, I was i n line for a 1 hour and 20min. when i finally went into the buffet it was around 8:25 pm then I notice there was about 30 tables were empty and clean. Just dont understand why i waited so long to get in. Well never return
5	Uhm, yeah!  Best buffet in Vegas for the last 2yrs.  I've been to a bunch of buffets but this one tops the cake.  For the amount of people and the types of food they serve you don't feel like a bunch of pigs suckling on a sow.  It's wide and bright and clean.I've been here a lot but never for lunch.  I never knew it's only $16!  So worth it.  Dinner is were it's at though, steamed (hot or cold) crab legs, prime rib, roast turkey, osso bucco, cream of mushroom soup, tomato bisque.. YUM! But save some room for dessert cause it's actually amazing.  Enough to save room for.  When can you say.. I'll pass on that extra slice of prime rib to have some dessert?  Here.  I always get the creme brulee, the tiramisu, the chocolate mousse, the crepe, and maybe some gelato.  They also have open wine and fresh root beer!  *don't let these negative reviews steer you from trying it yourself at least once.  make your own decision.  you'll love it.
5	Seafood buffet is soooo good and well worth it.  The dinner buffet includes wine and beer.
3	I've heard that Studio B is the buffet to go to if you're in the Las Vegas area, so before heading back to Los Angeles, my friends and I decided to give it a try.Let me just start off by saying that what you get for the price is amazing. I was taken back by the fact they even had paella at a buffet, among their other options. And the beer and wine! Don't even get me started. If I was reviewing Studio B solely on its food, I'd give it a 5. But unfortunately the service we received...or didn't, put my rating down to 3. I typically expect our servers at buffets to regularly clear plates and regularly refill drinks. And our server almost felt non-existent. My plates began to pile up, not because I ate quickly, but because our server took way too long to clear our plates. When it came to the drinks, I found myself sucking down on the remaining ice in my cup, and even asking my friends if I could have some of their waters, because our server was rarely around our table for us to flag down.Poor service aside, I'm sure I'd come back here if I was in the area mainly for the food. Hopefully you don't get the same server we did. Otherwise, prepare to be an aggressive flagger-downer.
4	Let me start by saying that I am not much of a buffet fan because 1 You feel like you're forced to eat your money's worth,  2 The freshness of food is rare because it sits out in warmers for who knows how long, 3 The drinks that are normally included are standard cheap drinks such as water, juice and coffee. Last but not least, 4 Desserts always seem the same. However, Studio B which is: LOCATED in the M Resort on the south side of Vegas, sheds a little light for me and here is why: My friends and I came for the seafood brunch. The selection was pretty much what I was expecting. Your standard crab legs, variety of sushi, oysters, shrimp and so forth. They also had prime rib. I give props to the crab legs which was pretty fresh and the prime rib which was satisfactory.  I wasn't impressed with the other stuff as the quality and freshness just wasn't there. Overall, the food was okay but eating your money's worth without unbuttoning your pants wasn't a problem because it's seafood.  Here is where it gets good. The DRINKS that were included were different from your normal buffets. - They had beers on tap! Can you believe that? Now of course it's not self serve but I still think that's awesome. I don't quite remember the different brands of beer but I do know they had a cider flavor  which was pretty good. They serve wine as well. It was the first time I ever left a buffet buzzing. They also had a coffee station where you can order espressos and other specialty coffee drinks. Like a mini Starbucks. I didn't try it but it sure looked cool. The desserts were pretty standard here with your variety of bite size cakes, creme brulee's, fruit tarts and so forth. But! they got a GELATO station!  I don't remember all the flavors at the time but I do know they had around 8 to 10 different flavors. I tried the pistachio and strawberry. Both were delicious. The SERVICE here was standard for a buffet. We didn't run into any problems. I must say that I was impressed with the employees manning the beer, coffee and gelato stations. They were pretty quick at handling the lines. This place is around 3.5 for me but I will round to a 4 stars for the overall experience and value.
5	If you love snow crab, oysters, prime rib, free wine & beer...then this is the place to go!I didn't try much of the other foods because the snow crab was so deeeeelish, I didn't want to waste room on anything else! I definitely got my $40 worth! The free wine & beer was a plus and the desserts were phenomenal!Only downfall is that this buffet is a 15 minute drive from the strip! But well worth the drive!
2	Let me say in the beginning, we have been to the seafood buffet several times and in the previous times, more than six months ago, it was outstanding, the food was well seasoned and well prepaired and the variety would have riivaled any buffet anywhere.But, I just returned from the Saturday morning Seafood buffet, and, I will probably never return...the food was bland, half labeled, hot foods were barely warm and the selection was greatly reduced from my previous visits.  I don't mind paying $40 a head for something really special in a buffet, but this one is nothing more than mediocre.  What a shame!  They took a truly great signature buffet and turned it into a glorifies "Chuck Wagon"!
4	Four of us went for Sunday Brunch on 2/17/13.We arrived at about 10:20 to only 1 party in front of us, we paid and were seated within minutes, (different story when we left, the line was very long).Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal very much.  The only 'knock' I have is that one of my oysters had a very 'funny' aftertaste and I worried about it being bad, (it wasn't).The food and drink menu was very good, but I would have preferred to have a Bloody Mary option instead of just champagne, wine and beer.The $39.99 price is a bit steep for me for brunch, but comparable to other Sunday brunch buffets, it is quite reasonable.I would easily recommend Studio B when asked about Sunday brunch choices.
5	Vegas withdrawals lead me to this review.One of the better buffets in Vegas.  So worth the money, $16 for lunch on weekdays?  Down.Note that on the weekend, they offer a seafood buffet that is priced at ~$40 for both brunch and dinner.  I came here one Saturday for the buffet, but skipped over to Hash House A Go Go next door after finding out it was seafood buffet and having a friend allergic to anything and everything seafood.The weekday lunch buffet was my first official stop of my 21st birthday extravaganza though I was still 20 at the time.  I'm so glad I was able to experience an inexpensive but very satisfying meal.With me at buffets, I'm not looking for variety per se, just so long as what you offer delivers.  Studio B Buffet does just that, as it delivers with both variety and taste.Their seafood selection for lunch is pretty impressive since a lot of other places don't have many options for seafood unless it's dinner time.The cider is good, too.  Man, open bar?  You got me, Studio B.Can't wait for the next time I'm back being over 21 now so I can hit up that open bar (and devour everything in the seafood and meat aisle)!
4	EATING BACK THE MONEY VEGAS TOOK FROM MEWhenever I walk into a Vegas buffet, my single focus is to stuff my face with the most expensive items they have.  That means prime rib, crab legs, and sashimi (sushi where I discard the rice).  If they battered and fried $20 bills, I just might eat that, too.Studio B nearly sabotaged my plans by laying out an amazing diversity of delicious but inexpensive foods.   During my face-stuffing marathon, I found myself gorging on fillers like Singapore noodles and Filipino pancit.  My mouth forgot our original mission because it was too giddy traveling the world.   Tender Italian ossobucco..."Bonjourno!"  Succulent Chinese char siu pork..."Nee how!"  Smokey Korean galbi..."Anyong haseyo!"  Our friend Canada was not properly represented, tho.With AYCE, we've all been there:  that delayed realization on the second plate that the flavors sort of suck.  That didn't happen at Studio B.  Admittedly, as an international jetsetter, I've had way better food at an overseas gourmet buffet where they even entertained me with half-naked dancers (on the island country of Hawaii, at an event called a "luau")...but to be fair, Studio B should to be compared with other Vegas buffets.  So,  I rate the food 4.38 stars.As for the service, I rate it a phenomenal 10 stars.  Why?  It was lightning fast, super-attentive, and the enthusiastic server happened to be me.Though I strayed from eating just the high-priced items, Studio B's entrance fee was nevertheless a steal for all the wine, beer, and tasty food I consumed.  Yeah, I'm definitely coming back to eat here...this evil town still owes me money.
1	FOOD POISONING I visited this buffet on my way to Barstow for work. After seeing all the signs along the 15 for how great it was. So my boss and I stop and eat lunch. If it wasn't for the food poisoning the food was average. Nothing was amazing or really attacked my taste buds. 3 stars for good. -2 stars for the food poisoning. As this was the only meal of the day for me I can be certain where I got sick. After we ate we were a little bummed because the food really wasn't that great.    Once we got to our hotel in Barstow California we went to our rooms to rack out. At roughly 7 pm I was in a fever and sweating and legitimately hallucinating. I called my boss saying something was wrong( I don't remember doing so). My boss got me into the car and took me straight to the hospital. I don't remember the trip or even when my boss got into my room and took me downstairs. I got to the ER with a fever of 103 degrees. They did their magic and I'm still here:) The scary part was when the doctor told us that I wouldn't have made it to morning had I not been taken to the ER. Btw my boss also had food poisoning. As we had tried differant foods it coulda been anything. Wanna know the kicker? Barstows hospital gets at least one FOOD POISONING a week after eating at the M. I guess that Barstow is the half way point of people coming from California and they get sick going home?    To wrap this up. DO NOT EAT HERE! It's not worth 1700 dollars on hospital bills(after insurance). I really wanted to like this place. But for as long as I live this place will NEVER get a sign off from me. Go to the Bellagio for your vegas buffet fix. I've been three 6 times. Never almost died.
4	Another one of my favorite buffets!!! No, it's not on the strip. Yes, it's at the M Resort... Yes, M Resort is that one hotel off the 15 surrounded by absolutely nothing where you can see the lights and hotels of the strip in the distance.Totally worth it.Along with the buffet comes unlimited drinks. And by unlimited drinks I mean beer, wine, and cider. For free. Although, you should be nice and tip them lolSo at Studio B they have the weekday lunch buffet, which does NOT have the crab legs and other seafood. It's a little more boring, but also because the price is MUCH cheaper. Then they have weeknight buffets and then the weekend seafood buffet. I love the weekend seafood buffet because they have snow crab legs (hot and cold), raw oysters (which are just eh-- but they're raw oysters and you're in Vegas, you can expect them to be fresh LOL), shrimp, paella, etc. There's a bunch of dishes that you can't find during the rest of the week.There's an incredible selection of food. I usually start at the end with the pizzas and salads. By the time I'm halfway through the line my plate is full and overflowing. I always get prime rib, but that's partly because I want to get my money's worth in food. Whenever I come for the seafood buffet, my boyfriend and I get at least one full plate of crab legs, piled high like a mountain. I never eat the sushi there or the Asian food, but that's also because I feel like it's a waste of precious stomach real estate when you eat orange chicken and eggrolls at a buffet like this.There's a huge dessert selection as well. I don't like the desserts as much as I like Wicked Spoon's desserts. Their gelato's just ok, but I always get some because I can't say no to ice cream lol. They have a lot of dessert shooter type things in mini cups that are just okay as well. Their creme brulee's not bad though. They serve espresso and coffee in that dessert section as well, but I'm usually all tapped out to get anything from there.
4	Buffet includes liquor...what more can you ask for?  One of my top 3 faves in Las Vegas Buffets!
4	Love their seafood.
5	Probably one of the best buffets i've ever eaten at!It's a new spot, so everything is clean and has a modern interior.Located inside the M resort 10 miles south of the Vegas Strip and just off the 15 freeway. Their logo looks like the gmail logo.Warning: cost = $40/person.Highlights = pre-cut crab legs n butter, mussels, prime rib, gelato, mashed sweet potato, beer (try the cider!), crab rangoon, all the other desserts.There's a lot of other foods/desserts/drinks i have yet to try...I like how the food is in the middle, so you don't have to walk too far.
1	Don't eat here!!! Waited in line with 10 other people for 30 minutes even though there were a dozen open tables. We concluded they were trying to get a line going to draw attention to the place. The food was not good, basically Hometwon Buffet style. To too it off I got food poisoning, probably from the sushi. The only redeeming quality is if you drink they have free alcohol. I would strongly warn people against eating here.
1	Garbage. 50 dollars for a buffet not offering lobster or King crab legs. Don't make me laugh, over priced hype is what i paid for. There are way better options within the Vegas strip for the fraction of the price. Don't get duped into the "number 1 buffet" marketing gimic they post all over the strip because quite frankly i went with a group of 15 people, the majority of us were disappointed.Food: The steak was bland, parts of it were completely raw. They offered small snow crab legs that were bad quality, it was disappointing. The price in my opinion doesn't justify the ratings, or the food at all and is a misrepresentation of what to expect. This Buffet would be better represented if the price of entry was around 20 dollars. The Food was mediocre for the price of 50,service was mediocre deserts selection was mediocre.Conclusion. It's a mediocre buffet, save your self the money and the drive and stay on the strip. I'm telling you now, Go to wicked spoon, Paris, The Rio buffet, the Wynn. ANYWHERE but this place.
4	This is one of those belated reviews, like over 2 years belated.  I wanted to wait until I had the opportunity to come back before I finally put this review in.When I first moved out here, I lived fairly close to the M and was told by everyone that that their buffet is a must.  I admit, I have attempted to eat at Studio B about 3 times before I finally got the opportunity back in 2011.  The first 3 times here, I was greeted with a line so long that it wasn't worth it for me.  Eventually I got in and have been eatin here at least 10 times since. Plus, I learned a trick to get to the front of the line (my secret). If I was rating Studio B Buffet 2 years ago, I'd give them 5 stars for presentation, price (I usually had discounts or it was free), selection, and set up.  Also keep in mind that I don't frequent buffets and never could rationalize the cost since I never get my money's worth.  You won't find too much here that you cannot find at the other strip casino buffets, but the food here is much much better.  I'm a huge fan of everything seafood here and their sushi is pretty good considering it's buffet style.  Remember, buffet style sushi equals not fresh.  Here, they tend to add a new batch every couple of minutes so you get the freshest buffet style sushi here.  I'm not saying that Studio B Buffet is the best tasting buffet that I have had in Las Vegas.  Taste wise, my favorite is still Mandalay's.  But Studio B is my overall favorite buffet here in Las Vegas.  I have made Studio B the standard.  PS:  Beer served here.  Not for me, but my buds sure took advantage.  I can't believe we spent 3+ hours here one time.  Free beers will do that.
1	Heard good things about this place so when we got to Vegas we stopped here. Well don't waste your money!!!! It's about $40 a person! Very overpriced! There isn't a real big selection of food. I've had better. Basically your paying for the unlimited beer n wine. Quality of food n meat are low grade too ... Meat was tough! If your Gona spend this amount of money go to bellagios buffet.
5	This was one of the best buffets I have eaten in Las Vegas for the price.  We had a BOGO coupon, but I would pay full price for breakfast ($10.99) or lunch ($15.99).  Dinner and weekends may be a little higher.Everything was fresh and looked really good.  The food was internationally exotic.  The stations were not labeled, so I walked all around the buffet.  There was Indian Curry, Hawaiian Lomi Lomi and Poke salads, Korean Kimchee and Kalbi, Middle Eastern Hummus and Taboule, Pizza, BBQ Pork Ribs, Sushi, etc.There were specialty coffee drinks available at the dessert bar.  There were desserts  in little plastic cups, chocolate and vanilla creme brulee, flan, cookies, mini cakes, gelato, etc.I didn't get to try everything.  I'll have to come back.
1	I have been to several buffets in Las Vegas, and this place has been by far the worst one EVER! The place is clean and I have nothing to complain about the atmosphere and the waiters/waitresses are great since they have such excellent services. The only downsides are the food. I did not eat like swallow, engulf the food like a "whale shark," or made any of those "OMG!!! BOMB!" I just taste like I tasted and spited it out. Some are taste and spit. Some are alright like it's not great but it's not nasty. I should have went to RIO. Plus for $45 that didn't feed me? I'm pissed! When we were about to leave, my husband was like, "should we warn the people in line?" I just laughed.
3	Decent buffet outside of the Las Vegas strip. The price was well expected of a LV buffet that served the variety of food they had.Food was ok... some things were very salty, some were good. Everything is very Americanized so don't expect any high quality sushi or something - you're at the wrong place. The line can be very long (we waited about an hour for lunch-ish time on Sunday).I think the best thing about Studio B buffet is the unlimited crab lets (they have a huge stock, so they won't run out so quick), and the Mimosas. What better way to end a Vegas trip with some crab legs and alcohol. The mimosa's weren't as good as hoped, but didn't quite expect great quality drinks as well (it's a buffet after all).This buffet is definitely worth trying, but make sure you arrive early, or you might starve to death in line.
3	I eat here once a week and I don't get the crazy rave reviews for this buffet. Look, it's far from the worst in town, but it's not this awesomely amazing place some reviewers make it out to be. I know because as I said, I eat here about 5 - 6 times per month. The food is consistent to an extent, but it's far from gourmet. They have their ridiculously overpriced seafood buffet on Saturday and Sunday, and I don't recommend it unless you have a comp. The pricing is outrageous for what you get. I don't care if you drink 10 glasses of cheap wine or Pabst Blue Ribbon beer, you aren't going to get your $40 worth! The prime rib is usually really good, the Chinese lettuce wraps are a standout, and I like their sugar free frozen yogurt (their other sugar free desserts are atrocious). Everything else is standard buffet fare, but at least there's a great selection! On a typical day you'll find: Greek salad, Italian food (the worst pizza you will ever eat -- try some and you'll see), lots of inventive salads (artichoke salad, marinated cauliflower, 3 bean), American food (fried chicken, beef stroganoff), carved rotisserie chicken / ham / lamb / prime rib, lots of veggies (green beans, broccoli, zucchini), several types of baked fish, a very small Mexican section, sushi, an Asian section (Korean ribs, ginger stir fried crab legs), a rotating selection of soups and breads, and desserts. I'm leaving lots out, but you get the idea.
3	Service was ok, the cashiers and the beer lady were the best... The food was ok, large selection which was nice however i think they should spend more time making each item taste better then having hundreds of items. The food was.... free beer awesome... we watied an hour to get in. was not to bad we kept saying we were going to try it for the last 3 months. was ok... maybe just a bad day...
1	Extremly Dissapointed, I came to this place thinking it was truly the best place in Vegas but its not even close to Good. Don't Waist your Money.
4	Great selection of food, everything you'd expect to see at an international buffet. There are plenty of food choices to satisfy anyone's craving. Butter mashed potatoes, green beans with almonds and prime rib were delicious. Lots of different salad options as well. Unlimited beer and wine? Count me in! We went on a Monday late afternoon and paid $24. Unfortunately we were in line for about an hour, but it was worth it. I look forward to returning on a Saturday or Sunday for more seafood next time!
2	We loved this place when it first opened, it was my favorite buffet, but then we kinda a took a break and hadn't been back until now, we heard it might have changed, and boy they did!You can still get free wine and beer, the soups and artisan breads are good, the desserts are good, but the rest of the buffet is hit or miss.  Here's hoping they restore the quality!
4	On the way to Vegas you see signs of "M - Voted Best Buffet in Las Vegas", something I wanted to see for myself!I was invited to have a buffet here in Studio B, and most buffets make money off of their alcohol. Studio B has beer and wine as part of the buffet. On to the selection, it is HUGE. Anyone walking in will find something they want. I tried almost every dish on the menu, and it was good. So far it's the best Vegas buffet I've been to. It's really clean, and you can see that they emphasize a lot on the quality. The prime rib was delicious and tender, they have snow crabs, and a lot of selections that are virtually unheard of in your standard Vegas buffet.Most Vegas buffets have a reputation for quantity over quality, but as I heard from one of my acquaintances, when M opened they really wanted to provide the quality of the buffet and they didn't just want regular people coming in to take as much as they wanted but to actually TASTE the food & come out satisfied with that quality. Recently though, he said that the quality isn't as good as when it first opened, but still better than most.A lot of value for your money if you do choose to dine here.
5	best buffet i've ever been to!
4	My friends and I decided to meet up here to grab breakfast/brunch as the first thing we did in Vegas for that weekend. I didn't realize it was so far away from the strip until we got there. :PThe only reason I'd come back is because the buffet also includes wine and champagne. Unlimited champagne and juices = bottomless mimosas. Bottomless mimosas in my book is always a good thing. The food could be better, but it wasn't horrible. They have the standard food selections and none of them were amazing.
4	Kudos to the M for providing locals with one of the best overall buffet choices we have! This was my 2nd time at Studio B, and I tried to sample a variety from the amazing choices. Some standouts are the fresh salads & fruit (loved the beet salad and egg salad), the jambalaya, creamed spinach and chipotle corn. I also tried the fried rice with shredded pork, which I felt wasn't flavorful enough. You can only eat so much, so I will have to return to try the Mexican dishes and more of the Asian choices. I did have room for dessert, so I sampled the creme brulee and bananas foster. Both were very good!They still have the cappuccino/espresso bar, which is part of the dessert area, and you have to ask for one as there's no sign. I had cappuccino, which was decent. You also get free beer/wine, but I didn't have any so I can't comment on the types available.
2	Was here on April 13th for dinner, been about 9 months since my last visit, price jumped to $39.99 for adults and $26.99 for kids.  I was disappointed this time around. I was here with my husband and 8 yr old kid.  When paying for our meals upfront, I told the cashier we have 3 people, she rudely asked if it's for 3 adults... I guess the obviously short 8 yr old minion that is with us looked like an adult. SMH.  After we were seated and got food, the quality of selection seem to have dropped from last year. It seemed more simplified, nothing fancy.  Our waitress (plate cleaner more like it) was also oblivious to my hand sawing the prime rib I got with a dull knife, after she had stopped by 3 times and I was already almost done with my prime rib I finally gave up asked if there were steak knifes and she said "yea".  Eh, after seeing my husband and I both having prime rib on our plates, wouldn't the first visit to our table ring a light bulb to get us steak knives anyways!?!  Food quality has gone down, the selection of unique food seems to be less.  I did not see some of the other dishes that they had 9 months ago.  For $115 for the 3 of us and the experience was very disappointing.  For that price I'd rather just go to a steak house and have better food.  This time around, I was not impress, especially with the prices up, I would expect my experience this time around to be at least the same and was not.  Don't think I would come back again.
4	We ate at Studio B for the weekend seafood dinner buffet the night after eating at Bacchanal at Caesar's.  Surprisingly, all 3 of us agreed that we overall enjoyed Studio B just slightly more.    Bacchanal is $50 with the Total Rewards card or $55 without vs $40 for Studio B but Studio B includes unlimited beer and wine.   For sure, the variety of the selection at Bacchanal is far, far better, offering probably twice as many choices.  The buffet station staffing at Bacchanal is way better too.  At Studio B, there was only 1 person staffing the cappuccino and gelato station.   And there was only 1 full time person staffing the 3 separate stations for prime rib, turkey and roast lamb.  Sometimes, there would be a second person to carve but he'd disappear after helping you.  I'd be tempted to carve my own slice of turkey after waiting a minute without assistance.   Aside from the price difference and free beer and wine, the other main factor was that we liked the King Crab Legs at Studio B better than at Bacchanal.  King Crab is a main attraction when we go to a Vegas buffet so this counts for a lot.  At Bacchanal, the crab legs are more plentiful, thicker, and meatier but they are regrettably too salty.  We've had unpleasantly salty King Crab legs 3 out of 4 visits to Bacchanal.  The legs at Studio B are not nearly as thick and meaty but they actually taste like crab without overpowering saltiness.  At Studio B, we kept on going back for more crab.  At Bacchanal, we wanted to go back for more but were turned off by the saltiness and were distracted by other dishes so just passed on getting more salty King crab.   Studio B is a 4 on its best nights.  Bacchanal is a 4 on some nights but a 5 on its best nights.
5	Best buffet for the value... if you go on a weekday.The food is amazing. There's a good variety of different worldly foods. And if you go for brunch, you get some of the last bits of breakfast and the beginnings of lunch. The dessert bar doesn't open until lunchtime, but when it does, ohhhh goodness, it's amazing. The screens are fun to look at. It's a little bit of a drive off the strip since it's technically in Henderson, but totally worth the drive.Every time I go to Vegas, I always come here. Best buffet without breaking the bank.
4	This may have been one of the best buffets a few years ago, but Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal have passed it by with their unique dishes and plating. The food at Studio B is still better than most buffets I've tried but my opinion of the place has changed since my first visit years ago when the M Resort opened.Desserts are the best option here with the apple pie, cookies, and pecan tart leading the way. Items like stewed and braised meats work well because the quality doesn't diminish as quickly when it's been sitting out a long time as opposed to other dishes where timing and freshness matter. For example, the chimichangas and pizza crusts get soggy  after a while and mussels become rubbery. You should skip the sushi altogether. The Asian section with kalbi beef, curry, and kung pao beef fared much better and were some of the more memorable dishes.
4	With the wave of premium buffets hitting Las Vegas (Bacchanal at Caesars, Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan) Studio B is not at the top of the category anymore.That having been said, it is still one of my favorite buffets in the city. For dinner it is slightly more than half the cost of the other two I mentioned and the food, while not at the same level, is very close. The most notable difference is that this is a more "traditional" buffet setup rather than the painstakingly individual plates of the higher end buffets. Quality wise, I have enjoyed everything I have had there. And yes they still have the typical meat carving stations (prime rib, pork, sausage, fish.)Let's not forget...Beer and wine INCLUDED. Maybe I have a problem, but that's worth the price of admission for this guy!
4	The M Resort is so far from the Strip that a cab or a car is necessary to get there. I had family staying there while I was in Vegas and per ancient Asian custom, a trip to the buffet was in order. (This review is just for the buffet, but I will add that their room was pretty sweet!)Studio B has got to be one of my favorite buffets for the abundance of options. It's not like other places that have everything you can ever want, but come up way short in the execution. Most everything I've tried here was delicious. An added bonus is the complimentary beer and wine (and mimosas if you're brunching). Dessert bar is excellent as well.Due to their distance from the busier areas of Vegas, it's not crowded at all. I've never bumped into anyone on my various trips for more food or had to make a mad dash to the crab legs before they run out. Tables are comfortably spaced and the dining area is very, very clean.
5	For me this place comes 2nd to the Wynn.  Very nice variety of tasty food.  Glad we had a chance to check it out since its out in Henderson and we don't venture out here often.
5	The buffet at the M resort is one of the only buffets I will agree to eat at. It is definitely worth the drive to this south of the strip location. The food is always fresh and surprisingly, our service has always exceeded my expectations for a buffet. The icing on the cake is that there is unlimited beer and wine and even champagne with the seafood buffets. This buffet is worth MORE than they charge you (hope nobody in charge reads that!).
4	We have eaten here a handful of times, and today we returned to have the dinner buffet.This buffet offers many different selections and is always a decent meal.   We arrived early and there was no line.   We were first in line and there was many open seats yet it took them 8 minutes to show us a table.   Once seated we went through the line to be pleasantly surprised at the many different dishes they offered this time around.   We had some of the sushi, shrimp tempura, cucumber salad, fried rice, and some of the prime rib,  The sushi was not great,  I could tell it had been wrapped earlier in the day as the nori had really become hard.   The shrimp tempura was really good, yet they did not have any tempura dipping sauce.  The cucumber salad was fresh, but not marinated long enough.   The deserts were awesome, and our server was excellent.  One thing about buffets, if you space the time out visit to visit, you appreciate the offerings.   A very good buffet.  4 stars (5 stars when they start offering crab)
5	continues to be my favorite buffet in vegas.. free unlimited alcohol draws me in all the time! berry cider... mmmmm. not to mention the great food that's served hot & fresh! very satisfying & worth the money =) i often find myself craving this place & wanting to drive out for a day trip just to go here!
5	I have been to alot of Las Vegas buffets in my time (an nowadays, pretty much every hotel offers one).  But up until this day, the Studio B buffet at the M Hotel has been the best one by far!First, it's not overpriced like the Cosmopolitan Buffet where you are paying $70 for 2 people!  It's about $50 AND you get complimentary beer and wine.  Other places will charge you separately for alcohol.  Another thing that sets them apart is the quality of their food and their selection.  They have a variety of exotic salads and every dish from every corner of the globe offered was fresh and tasted great.  On top of that, their staffs' customer service was top notch.  The overall dining experience was awesome.  I would recommend any person visiting Las Vegas to come and eat here!
5	Amazing is a perfect word for this buffet...  All you can eat and drink too (beer and wine) for a very reasonable price of $25.00 for dinner.  It is even cheaper at lunchtime.  Plus if you earn 450 points on your "M" card in one day you can earn a free buffet.  They had a little bit of everything and the food was quite tasty.  Some of my favorites were the Pad Thai, fried string beans, ox tail stew, carved meats, chicken wings, grilled asparagus, clams, mussels, just to name a few.  They had an enormous variety of salad.  Everything was fresh!  They didn't have huge portions out which kept everything hot and fresh.  You really didn't have to ask for anything.  They were on top of it.  There were so many delicious desserts.  That was hard to choose from especially being so full.  Some tasty treats were the gelato, sorbet and chocolate souflee.  Some highlights that are worth mentioning - Peel and eat shrimp (but they were already peeled for you!!) and they have on tap ice cold ROOT BEER.
5	So far this is the best buffet I have been to in the valley, awesome breakfast/brunch/diner/seafood.  The price for what it is, is pretty fair.  Almost everything here is really good, I like the root beer they have on tap.  Also the dessert bar they have in incredible, I mean really I have never seen anything like it, the desert bar is bigger than some buffets as a whole. I have been here 10+ times and will come 10+ more. 4.3 stars
3	I've been to this buffet over a hundred times (seriously !), so this review is based on a huge sample size.Why do I keep going back despite giving it 3 stars ? 1. Location (off strip, no traffic, easy parking)2. Short wait (because I get VIP line passes)3. Price (because we get lots of free buffet / 2-for-1 tickets)Negatives, and why I rated it three points:1. Long lines at prime time when you don't have a line pass (1 hour or more at times)2. Very expensive / bad value if you don't have discount tickets for frequently gambling there, especially if you don't plan on getting hammered drunk on the free beer / wine. There is no option, like at the Bellagio brunch, to pay a lower price when not consuming alcohol. Children older than 8 pay full price, how about at least getting underage guests a break that clearly won't drink any alcohol ?3. Spotty service / management4. Inconsistent foodMind you, as one of the most expensive buffets in Vegas (weekend brunch is 40 bucks), I expect perfection. A weekday lunch at $16 per head isn't exactly a steal, either.Some dishes are consistently good (some of the salads, chili verde, meatballs, Kalua Pork).Some dishes are consistently bad (Chicken Tikka Masala being the latest, did anybody ever taste it ?? Eggs Benedict - taste like drinking vinegar, Sunset Station makes better Eggs Benedict, and I can eat there for a week for what M charges for brunch). The chicken breasts are pounded flat and 90% of the time overcooked to the consistency of shoe leather, and in the years I've come here, the chefs have not yet mastered the art of cooking Brussels Sprouts.These things we can plan around. However, the inconsistencies of our favorite items on the brunch buffet are my biggest complaint. The smoked salmon alternates between being perfect, coming in huge chunks, and looking like passed through a shredder.The cocktail shrimp are usually fine, but there's a 10 percent chance that they are overcooked to the point of being inedible.The crab legs are split open and then steamed, which leaks all the flavor out (unfortunately a practice at most buffets), however, we had days were the crab looked and tasted old, or was steamed decidedly too long.Shrimp Veracruz are fine 10% of the time, overcooked 50% of the time, and 40% of the time cooked to mush as to induce a gag reflex.I don't particularly appreciate paying 200 bucks for my family's brunch to discover that our favorite items are junk on this particular day. One last parting shot:The VIP line passes I'm getting are good for up to 4 guests. Not free buffets, just a line pass. I happen to have 3 children, so we usually were a party of 5. Twice I have been accosted by different management staff very aggressively that it is "unacceptable", "this is the last time" etc, of me trying to bring in a party of 5 instead of 4. Yes, it says 4 on the ticket. But this is my immediate family, just one person over, and we're looking at a $200+ bill, and M's assurance that I'm VIP this and Platinum that. When asked management on how I am supposed to handle the situation, they seriously suggested 4 of us take the line pass, while the 5th goes through the regular line (1 hour wait).Our solution: As long as we get discounts and free buffets, we bring just enough folks to maximize our savings. Once the freebies run dry, I see no reason to come here, since the value isn't there at all. Paris, Bellagio, Rio, Mandalay Bay all have better brunches at substantially lower prices.
2	Went to Vegas as part of a Los Angeles holiday last Christmastime, where we intended to partake in some Sin City gluttony by visiting Bacchanal at Caesar's. When that plan fell through, we instead went to the Studio B Buffet (what a lame name) at the M Resort, based on online reviews that paints the place as just as good as Bacchanal. Or so that's what my aunt told me.The M Resort is so far away from the Strip that it is technically located in Henderson proper. Quite the drive to get there from the Vegas core. The admission prices are much cheaper than the Vegas premium buffets on most days. Great, until you find yourself in a two-hour long lineup, having to endure screaming kids, an infinite loop of TV promos depicting the resort as a sexy oasis (in the middle of nowhere), and the wafting stink of cigarettes from the casino floor.I have never waited so long in my life just to eat at a restaurant. It's quite possible that they were trying to stall the line so we end up paying the higher dinner price instead of the (if i remember correctly, $18) weekday lunch rate. But by the time we got to the counter to pay (the lunch rate, whew!), holy shit, there's another lineup! One for small parties, another for groups of five or more. And it was not moving any faster. Heck, the shorter comp line didn't fare much better than the two-hour hunger we endured. I sure was "hangry" (very hungry + angry) at this point. I wonder why my stomach acids did not eat me from the insides from all this excessive waiting.Only when we were finally led to our table, did we see how much of a mess this place is. It is a giant restaurant, with a lot of seating, half of which were empty or were still left uncleaned long after its patrons have left. What the fuck? I bet most of those in the lineup to get in could be easily accommodated in the empty tables. The incredibly disappointing level of disorganized and inefficient management and spotty service left much to be desired about the buffet experience.The food however was quite a joy. There's a good mix of Asian and Western food available from the servery. I enjoyed the prime ribs and salads. And I love watching people line up to get king crab by the plateloads, as well as those bearing handfuls of unlimited complementary alcohol, which I did not take advantage of. Beer was the last thing on my mind when all I want to do is eat to death after a long-ass queue.Our server was kind and polite, despite the lackluster attention to service detail Studio B was exhibiting. (It's also fun to read the staff's name tags that states where they are from.)Suffice to say, I would not return to this middle-of-nowhere mess of a place. To begin with, I am not easily impressed with all-you-can-eat buffets, a concept that I consider to be overrated (after years of enduring bad Chinese buffets back home). I sure as hell will not line up and wait a long time to eat at a restaurant ever again--you have to be insane or very desperate to do that. Unless I suppose the lineup leads into Bacchanal--still curious about what that place is all about.Should you choose to eat here, I absolutely DO NOT recommend you come in a party larger than four. Studio B is incapable of handling large groups on a busy day. In fact, we almost elected to break up our party of 7 into two separate groups to get in, if it was not for a little 'social engineering' (more like taking advantage of the confusion staff was exhibiting with seating organization, who insisted we not break our party up). The poor folks in front of us were not happy to see we were let in ahead of them.Also, the washrooms (or restrooms, as Americans call it) are located outside the dining hall. Right next to where the queue curls up. Be sure to say hi to the lineup... or warn them about what a mess it is inside.
4	Great buffet! We had a large party for a wedding rehearsal dinner and decided to dine here to please many different palates. It was a great call for a large group. We did have to wait a while to be seated. To make reservations for a large party, they charge $200, on top of the price per head. We chanced it and waited about 45 mins, but saved the $200 for drinks later at the lounge! The price per head was perfect, especially since it included wine/beer. I will return!
2	Went here for a last minute Mother's day trip.  They were offering a special Mother's Day menu - not impressed.
4	My daughter, like most kids, loves buffets. This is unanimously our family favorite. I'm amazed at the selection you get for such a low price. Each dish is well made and doesn't have that cheap buffet taste. We came here around 10am for breakfast and ended up staying for lunch. I think this is a trick that many know about, because the lines died down shortly after lunch started. Free beer and wine is included. Desserts were outstanding. Staff is super nice. The property and the pool is very nice as well. The cheap buffet lures you to the property and the nice pool makes you want to stay here. Great marketing. It works.I took a star off because my wife thinks something she ate something there that made her sick. Nobody else got sick and we ate like pigs the entire weekend so I'm not convinced. Might have been the tequila shot the night before too. Everything you could possibly want from buffet. It's a drive, but well worth the trip.
4	Great buffet.  Some food items were a bit salty.  Dessert options were great.  Included in buffet: cappuccino counter and wine counter!  Great price.
5	I've been coming to this buffet since M Resort first opened. The prices have changed over the years but I still love it and have brought people here or recommended to others. I think it's my favorite selection of desserts of all the buffets I've been to. There is wine to be had and I enjoy their meats here. Everything is elegantly made. My only complaint is a limited amount of sushi and a pretty salty selection of soups. Other than those two, everything else is great.
5	Over 1000 reviews?  Do I really need to write one here??? :)I'll make it short.....  It's expensive but sooooo worth it!  If you're visiting Vegas, make the trip down south on 15, away from the Strip.  It's definitely the best buffet in Vegas without a doubt (and like many others on here have had my fair share..... a bit too much... thanks dad).... LOLthe smallest improvement I can suggest.. make better gelato.  it's a bit to icy.Otherwise great food all around!!  mmmmm lamb chops and crab legs (cut in half for easy access).....
3	Sad to say that I returned back here earlier this year and was quite disappointed.  The quality of food completely went downhill.  Overcooked, either over seasoned or too under seasoned.  Sad. sad. sad.  I'm not sure if I'll bypass this buffet on my next trip. Most likely.
4	The selections are amazing from Marrow, oxtail soup, osco bosco, crawfish, clams, crab...an Asian taste bud dream.  The free alcohol, vast coffee, and desserts are to delight.  The downside it is costly, long lines, and way off strip in the trendy M casino.
3	Pretty decent price for the amount of selection and did I mention AYCE -  Beer, Wine, Espresso, Cappuccino.  Out of everything, my plate was full of their mussel/clams dish, crawfish and some beef slices. Weirdly my friends mentioned the orange chicken wasn't dry, but most items are dry. Service: They were reallyyyyy nice. PS Beer, Wine, Espresso, Cappuccino - you have to get it yourself. Its near the entrance.
4	I've been waiting for an excuse to make it out here, and luckily this past weekend, my cousin and her husband were in town and wanted to eat here! Bacchanal at Caesear's is a great buffet with both standard and eclectic options, but the longgggg wait can really be draining. Luckily, Studio B is not too far from the strip and if you're a local with a car (or know a local with a car), the trek a few miles from McCarran is worth it. Parking was super easy at the M, but that may be because we went there Sunday around 7pm. I was pleasantly surprised that the smell of smoke didn't smack me across the face when I walked in. The Studio B line was a bit confusing because the line you should get into after paying was blocking the actual cashier. Once we sorted it out and paid (our CA visitors got $5 off, but unfortunately no discount for locals), we waited a total about 30 minutes to be seated. They don't keep the buffet overly packed and the space is so bright and airy so you can see the vast food options waiting for you. The crab legs were probably the best I've had so far in Vegas, but since I'm being conservative with my eating, I didn't eat till I dropped. The table seemed to really like the prime rib and my fiance also stated it's the best he's had in Vegas (comparing it to buffets like the Wynn, Bellagio, Bacchanal, PH, Rio and Paris). The Chinese food selection actually looked really appetizing, but I had to save stomach space for dessert. Our waitress was on top of things the whole time - clearing plates and refilling drinks without us having to flag her down. I'll more likely try to steer visitors to this buffet going forward :D
5	One of my allt-time favorite buffet. Actually, i'd say it is the best place for a buffet in Vegas.  Yummm. Just thinking about it makes me want to go to this buffet.Favorite items:Mussels, dinner rolls, tri-tip, asian selection, crabs, spaghetti, and most importantly their dessert selections! The have THE BEST dessert selection I have ever seen! A few times they have changed up their dessert selection, but recently it has been the same items. They are still soooo GOOD! Also, they have free alcohol, though im not much of a alcohol drinker, I have had a glass of wine that they had.  Great buffet!  Tip: Their prices for their buffet has gone up!
5	the bessst buffet in las vegas!!! please go! free wine!!!
4	There's a buffet that's been on my mind...all the timeStu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh ohNow I know that it's not on the Strip, but with a car you can get there in a zipStu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh ohTucked in the corner of the MPlenty of options, it's a gemFresh are the off'rings at this buffetI ate so much, at least five more pounds I weigh...Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh ohFive more pounds I weigh-ayStu-Stu-studio! oh oh ohVeggie options bountiful!  And the taste of them are wonderful!Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh ohThe Brussels sprouts and broccoli, the kale and salads all appealed to me!Stu-Stu-Studio! oh oh ohI got a big piece of soft prime ribWith so much au jus I needed a bibDesserts great selection but just so-soCreamed spinach so good, just for that it's worth a go-oh!Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh ohIt's worth a go-oh!Stu-Stu-studio! oh oh ohShow your California Drivers License when you payThey'll take $5 off of your buffet! (until July 31)That's around $20 on a weekdayHotel is so nice, next time here want to stay!Stu-Stu-Studio! oh oh ohI want to stay-hey!Stu-Stu-Studio! oh oh ohFor the price, it's the best buffet in Vegas!
2	After all the raves I have heard about this buffet, my husband and I finally decided to give it a try. We must have waited in line for 45 minutes before finally getting seated. But for what? There were empty table all over! That seemed to be a bit ridiculous. If the place was completely packed, I would have understood, however it wasn't so they definitely need to work on turning over tables..The food: mediocre at best. A lot of the food was cold to luke warm. Whether it was the lateness of the hour (although we had 2 hours before the buffet closed) or what, I definitely like my food hot. So that disappointed me.The dessert:  probably the best part of the buffet and the reason for my 2 stars.  The meringues were excellent! Perfect consistency and just the right bite to keep you wanting more. I think I had 5.  And the pecan tart? AMAZING!  One of the best I have ever had.  I usually don't enjoy desserts at buffets, but these were worthy of being sung praises! So they need to make sure they hang on to their pastry chef, because the desserts were yum, yum, delicious!The waitress was great also, she kept our drinks full and our table clear of empty plates, but was that all enough to plan on another visit?  Maybe not in the near future.All in all it wasn't a horrible experience, but not the best either.
5	OMG best buffet in vegas yet! I've heard lots of good things about this buffet. Finally tried it  last Friday, and even though there was a really long line and wait, it was sooo worth it! I couldn't believe it, For my bf and I.. it was around $23 bucks! and that included our CA resident discount. UNLIMITED BEER, WINE AND CHAMPAGNE! great selections of food and desserts. My friends loved it and all gave me props for getting them to stop at M Resort. MUST TRYY!
5	My husband and I have been to several buffets in Las Vegas but, we keep coming back to this one at the M resort. The food is always fresh and full of flavor and the staff is very friendly. For breakfast you can get a variety of things but the strawberry smoothies are delicious and the Chili Realanos are what my husband eats till he is ready to bust!! If you are a club member( which is free to get) breakfast is 7.99, lunch is 11.99 and dinner is 17.99. but if not its 10.99, 15.99 and 23.99. So its worth whatever price but at great deal at the club rate!! Free refills on what you drink and for lunch and dinner you also can get wine and beer. We will be coming back over and over
3	I've had this place on my bucket list for buffet places to go to in the Las Vegas area!  Finally, I had the chance to come here!!  There were more positives than negatives about this place.  Positives:1.  Some beer and wine included with the price of the buffet.2.  Had the lunch buffet at a reasonable price.3.  Ambiance was terrific.  4.  The layout of the seating area, and the buffet area was very cool.5.  The place was so clean.6.  Service by the waitress was exemplary.7.  There were so many food choices that had a beautiful presentation.8.  The desserts were terrific, and the perfect size so nothing wasted.9.  There was no long wait for paying to get in.Negatives:1.  No wait for paying, but 20 minute wait to be seated!!!  There were only 5 of us.2.  The food tasted ordinary!  3.  There was no "WOW" factor to any entrees I sampled!4.  This is voted "Best Buffet in Las Vegas" by many publications so I had very high hopes for the place.  Suffice it to say, my expectations were not even remotely met!!Overall, the buffet is pretty good.  I just expected so much more!!  Especially after hearing so many positive comments about the place from friends and family.  The one section that I did like (besides the beer and wine) was the dessert section!  The gelato flavors were terrific, and their pecan tart was very very good!3 stars for now because I am not yet a fan.  I'll try them again in the future though.
5	Being a Las Vegas Native from birth (28yrs) I've been to all the buffets in Vegas . Hands down ALL the locals know to come here.
5	This is as good as it gets when it comes to Buffets, oh and did I mention they have all you can drink BEER & WINE! But seriously they have a great selection of fresh items for everyones taste!
5	Best buffet in Las Vegas on weekends! They used to make it work to eat crab legs but now cut them in half for you and still super good.almost 200 things to eat and make sure you save room for dessert because they got it all from gelato,creme brulee, eclairs, to cakes and crepes tira misu and flan just to name a few.
1	Today is the worst experience I've had here. The food quality has been going downhill steadily, along with the quality of the help. Sure, there are still the great few employees that work here, but the increase in price (doubled since they've opened) and cut crab legs really are the points why I do not recommend this buffet anymore to visiting guests. The employees ignore you while you wait for something just out of reach, then help people who cut in line while you've been waiting to get their attention. The feel is they got popular really fast, got arrogant, and now it's being reflected in the overall dining experience. This place was great the first 2-3 years of opening.  Recently, not so much. Pity.
4	Came here on a Tuesday. Got in line at 10:15am. the line looked like it would only be 15 min wait, but we were finally seated at around 11:30. BUT.... the best part was they still charged us breakfast price of $10.99. If you're a California resident, you get $5 OFF! My boyfriend and I paid about $13 all together for an all you can eat buffet... UNBELIEVABLE!!!I wasn't too happy with the food since I'm more of a seafood lover, but it's pretty decent! FREE WINE AND FREE BEER. OMG.CIDER BEER. YOU CANNOT GO WRONG!! When I was almost done eating, I wished I just filled myself up with dessert and cider beer. But realistically, that would be extremely unhealthy and worth up to 1239890 calories...It's definitely worth coming here to eat for the price (at least for what I paid for!)
5	Extremely impressive food selection!  There are 7 different choices of soup: tomato basil,  miso, cream of asparagus, chicken noodle, oxtail, manhattan clam chowder, and navy bean. Yum!!! 5 salad choices: Asian shrimp salad, eggplant pepper salad, crab salad, Asian chicken salad and Thai cucumber salad!! Lots and lots of any other food choices! I paid $16 lunch price on Tuesday, what a steal!
4	This review is based on my SEATING experience here, not really about the food.I have eaten here a couple times now. I like the buffet, just wish that they had a better way of seating people. Last time I was there our party waited  almost 2 hours to be seated! when we finally got walked in I saw a large number of empty (cleaned) tables. The buffet food is pretty good, although I wish that the crab legs had more meat in them and weren't cut in half. I would advise to get here as early as possible!
5	Best buffet ever. One of my very favorite places to eat and I live in Long Beach, CA. Worth the drive every time.
2	I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food. IKEA tables.  So why review Studio B?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  I've been to Studio B before and, like the last visit... it's average.  The line to get in, however, is ridiculous. We waited well over an hour.  They had one woman working the cash register.  You had a line to get to a line to get to another line and people bumping into each other. Oh, while I'm at it... parents of little kids... do NOT bring your baby to a damn casino. Are you out of your mind?  Get a sitter or stay your ass at home.  Don't subject your baby to all that smoke.  Also... it's Vegas.  Take them to Disney World, instead. Ugh.Ok... done with rant.  The food here is so-so.  They do, however, offer a lot of things. They also offer free beer and wine.  It's awesome.  It allowed me to tune out the kids who were running all over the place (nearly knocking people over in the process). Back to my rant.  If you DO bring your child to a casino, try to be parents.  You know... don't let them run around.  Tell them to quiet down.  Good lord.   Also... get a leash.Would I go back?  No.
3	This is my updated review... my last one gave them  5 stars, now I am downgrading them to 3 stars, and here's why.Food: 3/5Came here for brunch, and the wait was just not worth it.  Close to 1+hr wait (weekday), and another 5 minutes to get seated. It's like going to Disneyland, except there's no "WoW" to it.  Sadly... I don't know what has happened to their food selection, but it seems more like a glamorized Souplantation. They had a lot of salad options, and were limited with all the other food varieties.  Perhaps waiting for over an hour kind of set me off on the edge already. We were starving and were really looking forward to having brunch, but that certainly got pushed to a lunch. Ugh... got there at 10:20am...didn't get seated until 11:50am.The meat selection all seemed to be overcooked, and drowned with very thick sauce. Salads were fresh, and of course their dessert station is still the star of the buffet.Service: 2/5Completely understaffed, which is why the wait was so long. Lots of empty tables when we're waiting to be seated, but barely a handful of waiters and waitresses.  Our servers rarely came to check up on refills, had to keep calling her over to ask for water. She forgot my cranberry juice, but I decided to let it go, since I didn't want to go to the restroom during my drive back home.Price: 4/5If it weren't for the 20% discount for CA residents, I would have given them 2 stars. With the discount, we paid $23 for 2 people, so that's a bargain for a Vegas Buffet. I certainly wouldn't have enjoyed paying full price for the wait and food option, though. Final Verdict:I'll probably give them one last chance, because I have had wonderful past experiences with them.  But if I had to wait just as long, I'll go find a restaurant instead, as with many customers who simply left the line to go elsewhere.
4	Came here a few times recently with my Mom. She had 2-4-1 coupons to use here. The decor is pleasing and open enough that one will probably not notice anything but the food. There are large screens mounted above the buffet line showing various things like Food Network. There is a bit of a wait sometimes, but that is fairly normal for a buffet in vegas. The selection is quite large. Instead of usual buffet line lining the outside of the room. Studio B takes more of a wavy, bell curve approach with the dessert section off to the other side of the entrance. A plus to note, they do offer free beer and wine included with the buffet price. Since I don't drink I don't take advantage of that portion of the buffet nor can I vouch for that part. For drinkers I'd think that adds a bit of extra value to the experience.(Long as you're not the one having to drive after!)There was one odd experience. One item offered once was ginger stir-fried crab legs. They were grabbed up quickly each time it was refilled. The odd part was it seemed the cook was instructed only to refill the fairly small tray only every so often. We were there at least 30min, maybe 1hr at most. It was only filled twice.I was stuck at about 3.5 stars for this review but gave it the bump up since the service everytime was very good. Refilling drinks, taking away used plates and everyone in between.
2	Came in line at 12pm and to give you an idea of our line placement, the line wrapped around twice before reaching the front. Seems relatively short - or so we thought. We got to the front and paid at 1:30 only to wait in a second line before getting seated. We finally got seated at 2:10. WTF a 2+ hr wait on a WEEKDAY? For this wait, I was hoping that the food would be mindblowing. FOOD: While there was a huge selection, the quality of the food was comparable to HOMETOWN BUFFET or GOLDEN CORRAL. It was low quality food placed in an upscale setting. Well guess what? The food is still shitty. Huge selection of desserts and only a few tasted edible. SERVICE: our busboy was extremely rude and took plates that we were still eating from. Didn't ask if we were done with them or anything. Also, he never came around to ask if we wanted refills on our sodas even though everyone in the table clearly had empty cups. Also, the $5 discount for Californians only lasts until 7/31/13. The BF and I had to pay full price which was $15.99 each for lunch to eat hometown buffet quality food. Even for $10.99 I would not return b/c the damn wait is ridiculous.
5	breakfast $10 minus $5 just for being from California. great food great deal. Excellent customer service.
2	I used to love this buffet. I went to the buffet last week to find that their food quality and selection has decreased. There are so many much better buffets in town. One of the most disappointing things is that they now serve pre split crab legs which is clearly a cost saving measure. They were flavorless, filled with grit and get cold fast. For the price they charge for their buffet, certainly they can afford to serve quality food.
4	Great price, great food. Only annoying thing was that they made us wait in line for an hour but the restaurant was pretty empty.
3	I got in at around 6. There wasn't a line and it was on Saturday. It was 29.99 for seafood dinner but with California ID it took $5 off. I wasn't too impressed with the selection for a "seafood buffet". The only thing that was good was the prime rib which I thought was actually better than bacchanal's. The only other thing I enjoyed was that they had two crab legs section, they separated the steamed and cold on two sides. The asian cooked crabs were pretty tasty as well.I wouldn't go back to this buffet though since there wasn't anything special or memorable about it. Maybe for $10 but definitely not worth $25. After dinner though the line was incredibly long. There was also a wedding reception going on in their private room. I though that was kind of cool.
4	Foods great. Their dessert selection was good. I ate 6 pcs. of their pistachio merengue ...
4	They offer good selection of desserts and variety of food. All you can beer and alcohol as well. I like the frapaccino/expresso flavors they have.
3	This is the first time I ate here other than for breakfast and I was not happy. First of all Lunch starts at 10:30 to 2:30 and it was very busy. We got in line at 10:10 and did not sit down until 10:40. Our waitress was very nice and funny so this was helpful. Went to the line 3 times to try different things. Tried the cheese pizza and it was still doughy. Ceasar salad needed more dressing. I loved the stuffed Rigatoni and meat balls. I loved the Apricot chicken and the Russet Mashed potatos. The mac and cheese had no flavor, the egg rolls tasted nasty and the sweet and sour sauce did not help. The taquitos smelled like BO and I know that was crazy but, it did. I liked the chicken sliders, antipasta salad and the ribs. I was very disappointed in the dessert bar. The cookies were hard as rocks!!  We wont be coming back for the Lunch or Dinner. Thank goodness I had 2 for 1 coupon..
5	An amazing buffet!This buffet is one of the best tasting and organized. This buffet is shaped in a snake formation going from one end to another it starts off with your simple salad and the more you go in the more variety of food you will run into.This buffet is very family friendly but yet looks quite professional at the same time. The waiters and waitresses are indeed very kind and friendly as well as some of the chefs themselves. I stayed at Las Vegas for 3 days and all 3 days I was there I ate at a buffet and I would say that Studio B and the M was definitely the best tasting.Though they do not have many sushi options but only a few. The taste of the sushi really stands out from other buffets, which makes up for the amount of sushi.While you are here I suggest everyone to visit the dessert section which is separated from the rest of the buffet.The desserts there are the best you will taste! Most buffets here at Las Vegas, Nevada has a decent amount of desserts but Studio B has more desserts then the rest plus the taste is wonderful! A must try!Also you do not have to pay for your drinks, It is free!Even including alcohol!5 stars for the wonderful taste!
5	Hands down the best buffet I have ever been too. TONS of options, and many that taste fantastic. Even the desert options were endless. Don't eat for two days before you come here. That is all. Go now.
4	I have been here three times for the seafood on Friday or Sunday and it has always been good.  $39.99 (If from CA, show CDL for $5 off!).  Good offerings, high quality, great desserts.  It's a little pricey but the food is good and it includes beer and wine.
5	Two thumbs up!! I love going to this buffet with my family and friends on the weekend. Best buffet here in Las Vegas! Go and see it for yourself too ;))
4	I would definitely recommend anyone to visit here if you are in town on weekdays. Their weekday prices are so much more reasonable, and the wait usually isn't too bad. It is not as good as what it used to be when it first opened, but it is still worth the drive. The weekday breakfast is only $10.99, and if you get there before 10AM, normally you don't really need to wait in line at all. Lunch is $15.99 and dinner is $23.99. Weekend prices are a few dollars off from the strip with comparable buffets, normally around $40. It is not spectacular, but there is a large food selection, everyone will find something they like. Food is always fresh, tasty and presented well. This is definitely my top 5 buffets in Vegas.
4	Lots of options and it was all yummy.  You also get your drinks (beer &wine too) included as well.  The one negative was the fact that it was a bit under staffed and some items were empty.  For $25 a plate, I expected better.
2	I don't understand why this would be the best buffet in Las Vegas. The food was mediocre and the service was extremely slow. It could be that beer, wine, and espresso are included in the price. I don't drink any of those, so that was of no benefit. You can find a buffet anywhere in Vegas comparable or better than this. I was disappointed and will definitely not be returning.
3	I don't like buffets.  Food quality is typically less than average.  This buffet is among one of the best in Las Vegas though.  Anytime I see raw oysters in a buffet, I do a double take.  They also have king crab legs as well.  Sushi was sub standard, but the Hawaiian Poke was nice.  Seems to have quality control problems since I've been several times and some of the visits were great and some of them disappointing.
5	This is by far my favorite buffet in the Las Vegas area.  Unlimited wine and beer?  Check.  Excellent desserts?  Check.  Fantastic food?  Check.  The long lines out front is a testament to how good the food is.  I especially like how they don't crap the tables and control how many people is eating at a time so there is rarely huge lines of people at each station like other buffets.  Fantastic experience would definitely visit again.
5	I love this buffet!  We stopped by here on our way from Vegas, since the M resort is a bit far from the strip.  They were having a promo for California residents, which was $5 off if  you showed your valid CA driver's license. We rushed to try to and make the breakfast buffet, but the line was so long.  By the time we got to the front, it was 45 minutes past the breakfast buffet time.  However, the cashiers were so nice and gave everyone in line breakfast buffet pricing!  They apologized for the long wait due to the fact only two registers were open.  We ended up paying only $34 for a party of 6!  Our waiter was so nice and attentive, and the people working behind the food stations were very kind. They have a very large selection of food.  Nothing gourmet like the Bellagio or Wynn, but definitely good quality food for the price.  Trust me, I'm really picky when it comes to food quality that comes with buffets.  This buffet may be far from the strip, but I would gladly drive here for their awesome customer service and yummy food!
5	Excellent Buffet, especially the weekend "Seafood Buffet"!!! - we went twice for dinner during our 4 night stay!!
4	THE "M" Wow to compare this buffet to others is difficult, to have a true comparison I would go with the Caesars Palace  of the 80's and early 90's.They put out the best food to bring the best customers in, the Prime Rib melts, the Sashmi Salad is fresh. The whole feels of this place brings me back to when Vegas Casino's worked to get you in the door with the best of the best and great customer service.
2	This place used to be so good. But it's really gone downhill. Tonight the prime rib was so tough I couldn't eat it. The shrimp was really tasteless. I was really disappointed
5	Great local spot, but it seems to be getting more and more profound with tourists. They should have a local day, but in any case... It is by far one of the best buffets for your hard earned dollar. The price of the buffet includes a select number of beer and wine choices, with an unlimited quantity. The food is great and the desserts are a touch of tranquility. Gelatos and specialty coffee are a must. Thank you for being the gem that my family needs...
4	UNLIMITED DRANKS?!  That should already entice your ass to come!Went on a Friday at 2PM and we thought we were going to not get in for the lunch price, but when we finally go to the register at 330PM, the cashier was nice enough to give us lunch prices...AND IT WAS DINNAR!Ughhhhhh so happy.
4	As much as I want to love buffets, my stomach tends to disagree. Mass produced food sitting under heating lamps doesn't hold much appeal for me. Fortunately, Studio B is one of the few buffets where quality trumps quantity and is worth the trip.Dinner runs about $25 Monday - Thursday, weekend seafood ups the price by about $10. Considering that an entree and a beer at restaurants like Cheesecake Factory runs about the same price, its really not a bad deal. What makes the price worth is the unlimited beer and wine available at buffet. I was surprised to see craft draft beer along with ciders, and a couple wines to pick from.In terms of food there is something for everyone. Sushi, multiple carving stations along with plenty of vegetarian and healthier options. The desert station features enough to satisfy even the most discerning sweet tooth and gets extra points for having gelato and milkshakes. The buffet itself looks great. Modern design, comfortable seating, unobstructed views of the Vegas strip and a open kitchen ensures cleanliness. The lines can get long on busier days so come prepared. Also check out the M Players Club as they offer free buffets for players.
5	IVE BEEN HERE TWICE AND I JUST GOTTA SAYTHE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS HANDS DOWNYOU KNOW WHY?UNLIMITED DRINKS AND OYSTERS, SHRIMP, AND CRABSHIZ WAS LIKE 35 dollars with 5 dollars off cause I was a CA resident.I ordered like 3 beers 3 champagne and 3 white wine. AND I WAS EATING LIKE AN NEANDERTHAL.They have a huge selection. The prime rib and oyster were bomb! the cheese and salami shizz were good too. sushi was w/es but overall super delicious.THE BEST PART though is the sweets.The creme bule was some heavenly shizz f real. and the gilatto was crazyI would have stayed all day and shizz im still dreaming about those oystersPEACE
1	it not a place for kids or nonsmokers. it smell so bad and we were having a hard time breathing and out eyes turn red. the manager need more training. it took 1 hr 16 minutes to be seated and we know why. once we got seated,we notice several tables were empty and the reason why is the employee have to walk all the way to the front desk and notify others instead of using walkie talkie. roasted pork  and other dishes was too salty. osyter have broken shell  on it. picture yourself bite a rock.they ran out of real sushi and only serve fake sushi. they don't have  exciting dishes to try such as marinated meat,kebab,fish ceviche with mango, caviar,smoke fish pizza,pocket pita,scallops,stone crab,calamari,garlic fries,. they don't have 100 percent juice drinks, small dessert island, some of the dishes are tasteless. service (randy )was great. lack of fruits.. the funny thing is they show food channel on their tv monitor by the kitchen . they need to watch and learn.
5	Waited in line for 45 mins and by the time we got in, it already passed the closing time which was 9pm. cashier said they will close 45 mins to an hour after the last customer gets in. Food selection there are not the best, but the food quality is very nice.  Deserts have huge selection and they taste great. will recommend to anyone who is looking for a good vegas buffet. Better than then one in Wynn.
2	This buffet really isn't as good as the other reviews may lead you to believe, but given that there are at the time of this writing 1,177 reviews averaging 4 stars, this jab won't even register. Here's what's wrong with Studio B:Absurdly long lines, even with a line pass. You may see people paying within 30 minutes of getting in line, but then there's the wait for a seat. After you leave ask yourself if it was worth the 75 minutes you waited. The food hasn't changed in three years. There's no attempt at sourcing what's in season. Why bother with watermelon in November when you could instead replace it with another seasonal dish, even if it meant one less fresh fruit?The sushi is bad. All of the sushi on Buffets is bad. Stop acting like its something special and get out to a place that serves sushi. The pizza is bad, and it's easy to cook good pizza, especially if its something you serve every night of the year for three years straight. There's no effort given to the espresso drinks made at the desert counter. Look at the pitcher they are steaming the milk in and the steaming wand. It's disgusting - it should be made with fresh milk and clean equipment each time. The bread is stale. They put out way too much and it gets stale. Period. Frozen crab legs and defrosted shrimp aren't anything special. They sell these in your grocers freezer and you just thaw them. Stop acting like you've died and gone to heaven and stop piling them 16" high on your plate. You can always come back and get more. The plates are hot and ruin the already bad cold dishes they have. Warm lettuce? No thanks. Their Asian dishes have fancy names, but they aren't that good. Seriously, as you eat them, ask yourself if you'd ordered this in a restaurant if you'd ever go back to get it again.There are a few pluses which set them apart from comparably priced buffets in LV:Free booze. That's a nice touch. Easy to get really rare, bloody prime rib, which I do love. Decent cheese and olive selection. The raw oysters are a nice find on seafood night. Do try this place if there's a short line. Otherwise, think hard about it and ask yourself if it's really worth the cost and an hour of your time.
5	Went in during lunch on a weekday for a price of $16 per person.Great selection, clean, service is great, and of course free alcohol. Definately worth the 16 dollars!
1	Went solo for seafood night. There has been a change over time at the M and Studio B. Less tables, tables sit dirty for Long periods of time. You stand in line worse than any Disney line. Only 3 items seem to be added for seafood night. Oysters, crab legs and not King crab and shrimp. Everything else is their regular buffet. So for these items you pay a great deal more. My family refuses to stand in line which is a long time. Last night there were only 14 couples ahead of me. It took over an hour before I got a table. Do not think I will be back until something improves.
1	I have been to this buffet many times for lunch and a couple of times for breakfast and always thought is was excellent in regards to food quality and customer service from the workers behind the food counter to the servers.This time I went for dinner.  I was happy that there was not a line so I got right in around 7:30.  The food selection was not appealing to me for dinner.  The signs telling you what the food was was not always what was on the serving dish.  The food that I tried was under seasoned  and barely warm.  They were not changing dishes as frequently as they do for lunch.
4	$25 dinner buffet at Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa? Food must suck right? Wrong.Everything I tried that day was delicious and flavorful! Surprisingly, they didn't have one item of food I didn't like. Although they may not have as much selection as other buffets, its definitely worth the price.Especially that dessert bar. Omg. And I don't even like sweets. That's saying something. The only downside is it's about 20 minutes from the strip. But hey, it's worth driving that far instead of paying $$$$ for crappy food right?
1	The quality of this place has gone down dramatically.  I would call it an overpriced seafood buffet.I've had good experiences before at the M but now it's not as great anymore compared to other vegas buffets.  The crab is precut so it turns out to be super dry.  The M used to have big juicy crab legs and now they're small and dry.  The duck I had was rubbery and tasted like the fat wasn't rendered and it sat in the oven too long.  Everything else is just your average buffet aside from oysters they had that wasn't even stocked at all times.  Dont spend you're 40$ per person here.  Spend it somewhere else for better food.
2	It was okay. Nothing crazy. I mean all you can eat crab legs and oysters was my highlight.
4	Always good food and great service. I am a fan of the dessert bar for sure. Great selection and very flavorful. My family and I get comp'd all the time. My favorite aspect of this buffett is that it has quality dishes. Most buffets in Vegas do large quantities with lack luster flavor and poor ingredient selections. This is top notch. I cant complain.
4	Memorial Day Weekend seafood buffet- $50 No waitMemorial Day specials: rack of lamb, crab legs (steamed crab legs, chilled snow crab legs, steamed legs with ginger and green onion), prime ribOfferings:American- BBQ ribs, mashed potatoes, cornSeafood- mostly raw seafood, oysters, mussels, crab, shrimp, not as many cooked options compared to rawAsian- oxtail stew, sushi, poke, sashimi salad, grape leavesCajun- jambalaya, steamed mussels and clams, scallops in a cream sauceBreadsPastas- lobster cannolis, wild mushroom raviolisSoupsPizzasDesserts- ice creams, coconut macaroons, meringues in different flavors, typical pudding and custard dishes, tiramisu, creme brulee, flan, cookies, panna cotta, cakesDrinks- beers, wines, coffeeFavorites: rack of lamb, crab legs, sashimi poke, coconut ice cream
4	We came for dinner last Saturday. It was $40 per person. The ambience was my favorite part of my meal. The decor is very upscale. There are actually windows which allows natural light to come in, along with huge tv screens above the buffet tables which is super modern. In almost all casino buffets you feel like you are in a basement but you feel like you are in heaven. Unfortunately, I am not a big seafood fan. I like my protein from animals and birds. It seemed like every other food selection was made of seafood. I like to start with a big salad with alot of toppings but the salad selection here was joke. The prime rib looked extra rare with blood dripping from the meat, ah no thanks. My favorite was the jambalaya. It was thick and meaty. The sushi sucked. The mushroom ravioli was pretty good. The panang curry was alright. The star of the buffet was king crab legs as it seemed like everyone except us was loading up on the legs. I actually enjoyed their delightful desserts much more than their entrees. They have various creamy dessert concoctions in plastic shot glasses. They were the bomb! The petite chessecake was rich and delicous as well.Our server was awesome. He took care of us and was attentive. Overall, the ambience and the dessert were the it factors for me. If I was a seafood lover, I would probably give this place 5 stars. The food overall I would give 3 stars as nothing really stood out.
5	All I can say is this my favorite buffet! There are so many choices, the staff is friendly and the place is clean and the food is also really good. I've never seen so many salad and dessert choices. It is well worth the price we paid and we will going back! Keep up the good work Studio B.
2	They've slipped, but still good value.  Maybe the seafood special nights are better.  Buffets are just not for me.
3	Ok...this place gets a lot of press being voted number one!  This was our second attempt.  The first was an ill fated attempt late at night for our anniversary.  Got there still 8 and waited 1 1/2 hours.  They close at 9:30 pm...so you do the math.  We felt rushed to finish...and they stopped preparing fresh food maybe an hour before...so most of the food was either warm or tough from basking under the sunlight warmers all day.Second try...lunch.  Great selection of food.  They say over 200 selections.  From Cajun to Asian.  Clams to hams.  That's the good.  But voted number one?  I don't think so.  You would expect everything to be top notch.  But that was not the case.  The brisket was bland and cool to the touch.  The turkey was not melt in your mouth delicious.  The Chinese noodles were dry from being out too long.  Deserts were good!  But number one no.  Pay full price, Don't.  Hint...play at the casino a little and wait for your free buffet coupon on the mail.  That cuts the cost down to $7.50 each...and that is about the right price to pay for this only a little above average buffet!
2	I have no idea what all the hype is about for this place. Came on a Sunday for the brunch. There was absolutely no line, which is a tell take sign that the place is no good. Literally everything I had on my plate was bland. The spaghetti had some of the worst marinara sauce I've ever tasted and the sushi tasted old. To top it off, it was $40. I don't mind spending money on good food, but this place was awful.
1	I think this place is a Hometown Buffet in disguise... I tried the leg of lamb, tri tip, and baked salmon. All were bland. I asked one of the workers about how long the sushi was sitting out there, and she gave me the run around. I also tried some veggie fried rice with general tsau "chicken" (if you've seen the video of chicken mcnuggets under a microscope, then this will look familiar). Worst of all, the desserts were underwhelming. At least the water was okay. I think every other buffet in Vegas in this price range is of better quality.
5	WTF THE CRAB LEGS HERE ARE SO GOOD. WHAT?!?! UNLIMITED BEER AND WINE?!?!?! @.@.....Came here Sunday for lunch with some friends. It was 10 extra bucks (like $43 total) because the sea food was out. Holy ships was I surprised.  I was crying at how tasty the food was.  Also my waiter dude was so nice. He showed me where everything was. Such great service :)!Pros:-crab legs-Italian food-breakfast food-soul (?) Food (HAHA if you count fried chicken I guess)-dessert! Why you so delicious gelato ;(...-serviceCon's (aka be waring of...)-Asian food.I'm Asian and i know asian food! The Asian food they served here wasn't that spectacular. Just your typical generic sushi...fried rice...egg rolls...etc. You get the point. But still, the mediocre Asian food was not enough to take down this delicious 5 star buffet.
5	The best quality of food and the best service of any buffet we've been to in Vegas.  Awesome.  AND finally someone finally knows what meringue is supposed to taste like.  (A Marie Callendar lemon meringue pie, for example, has meringue that tastes like soap suds).  Be sure and try the stuffed grape leaves.  Really good -- they taste like they have fresh mint inside.  Almost every dish we tried was a winner.
4	Food was good. Worth $40? I don't know. Why are buffets so expensive? Came on a Friday night so it was seafood night. I did enjoy the free wine and beer w/ dinner. Loved the desserts!!
5	This is one of (if not the best) buffet in Vegas! The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly. One of my must-do's when I visit sin city!
5	The absolute BEST buffet I have been to anywhere! I've been to the Rio in the 90's  in its best days, Bellagio, Caesars, Venitian and others. I just came back from a Vegas trip, Stayed at the Wynn and was comped two free Wynn buffets and earned enough points to win free buffets at the M Resort. Hands down... the Studio B Buffet at the M was the BEST! I don't drink but free beer and wine... free specialty coffee. The Wynn charges for all this. The layout is also better. Prime rib every night. Lots of finer items 7 days a week. Better service as well. Don't get me wrong... Wynn buffet did nothing wrong, the M just does it better.
4	I lost my appetite for Las Vegas buffets many, many moons ago. I don't care for the higher quantity/lower quality food that is served at these places and I no longer feel the need to recoup my gambling losses by gorging myself at the buffets.However, I like Studio B. It's located in the beautiful, low-key M Resort and the quality of the food here is better than other buffets. The entire place is clean and the service is excellent. There's something for everyone here and while it won't all taste great, most of it is fresh and delicious. I'm very happy that the mac-and-cheese that my nieces and nephew were eating did not look like the slop that most places serve. The kids also enjoyed the pizza and a few of the Asian noodle dishes.As for my most recent trip, I liked the seafood selections (good tuna poki and a fresh salmon salad) and the not-so-standard-for-a-buffet dishes (pineapple jicama salad). During past visits, I've chowed down on the crab legs, oysters, clams, carved meats, tater tots (yes!), and much more. The dessert and coffee bar are excellent as well. Did I mention the free beer and wine included with your meal? This should be mandatory for all buffets, IMHO.One warning: eat this on your way into Vegas, not on your way home. It's tough fighting off a major food coma on the freeway.
2	I have been coming to Studio B since it first opened. Even when I moved away to California in 2010, I would come to Studio B at least ONCE if I visited Las Vegas. Like many have mentioned, Studio B includes alcoholic beverages in their buffet. They give you the choice of red wine, white wine, zinfandel, champagne, beer/lager, or cider. Then on the dessert end of the buffet, you could definitely request an Irish coffee.  Best part? Unlimited. You are allowed as many glasses as you would like as long as you don't vomit everything you ate back onto the buffet floor afterwards. I suppose depending on whether or not you drink these, this would be a home run for you. However, for someone like me -- who can barely eat her fair share at a buffet let alone drink her fair share of alcohol ... it is not something I look for in a buffet.Studio B's prime rib is absolutely delicious. I'm not quite sure if I'm saying this because I was absolutely starving after the 3 hour wait to get in or if I really thought it was delicious. I couldn't really tell you. I could tell you that it was good. I've had prime ribs at many other buffets before and when I had Studio B's on Thanksgiving night, it definitely left an impression. There is a definitely good variety of food. They have seafood on weekends. They have a sushi corner, fruit corner, salad corner, Asian, southern, Italian, meat cutting stations, and a dessert area. I'm sure there's more but I can't quite remember. Some of my favorites (from the past and from recent) would probably be the spicy jellyfish salad, spicy cucumber salad, prime rib, fruit and dessert areas!The service? Could be good or could be bad. It really depends. We've had a server who actually told us that wet towelettes are one per person at a table when we went one time for their seafood buffet. Forreal? You going to tell us that? Yeah, we switched servers and the next one just grabbed a whole bunch and plopped it right on our table. Our most recent server for Thanksgiving night -- her name is Pat and she is amazing. Quick, fast, and just an overall happy person to be around. Price? I suppose you can say it's decent for a Las Vegas buffet on the strip. And when I mean strip, I mean far end of the strip that no one really knows about half the time. It's $40 per person for their Dinner Seafood buffet, which is offered on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. Monday-Thursdays Dinners are $24 per person. I find their Seafood dinner buffets on the pricier side. When they first opened, it used to be at the lower end of the $20's and seafood was offered every night. Back then, Studio B was a steal. It was literally the BEST BUFFET in Las Vegas. Now? With it's price, it's average standing to me.But there are more good points than bad points! Why only two stars?! As I mentioned prior, I was at Studio B for Thanksgiving dinner. No, I don't mind the 3 hour long wait to get in the buffet. The line to get into the buffet is typically long if it's good right? Especially on weekends on holidays. When we got into the buffet, I pigged out. Yeah, I ate a little bit of everything that looked good. I had some assorted sushi rolls because I was craving for some spicy tuna and they had it. I typically avoid their sushi roll section cause I'm always worried that they aren't fresh. But hell, if they have it out, it should be edible and safe. I also had some crawfish, clams & mussels, veggies, meats, oxtail soup, lobster bisque, etc. I was so FULL. I could literally EXPLODE. My stomach felt so HUGE. And then 20 minutes after, right before we got home, something felt VERY wrong. Like it felt  TERRIBLY wrong. I felt the need to hug the toilet. The were huge red flags and warning bells going off in my head. My father's driving started to nauseate me. And without a doubt, when I got home ... everything I ate had came right out. And like clockwork to every food poisoning event, sharp stabs of pain convulsed my stomach every so often -- making me curl into a ball on the ground. What did I eat? The only thing I ate different from my family (they didn't get sick) was the assorted sushi rolls, crawfish, and clam & mussels. What's even worse was that I had to skip work on BLACK FRIDAY because of this. Let me tell you, I work in RETAIL. That is close to the #1 worst day to miss while on the job. In the end. Two stars. Yeah the buffet is great and decent but if there are foods I HAVE to avoid eating just because you can't do it right, why bother? Just take it off. I have no interest in having a repeat of this fiasco. I'd rather pay a little bit more of money to go to a buffet that won't make me sick and has rack of lamb on their menu. Thanks.
5	I'm not a big fan of expensive buffets. Spending $40 for an all you can eat meal when you don't eat more than one plate full, and some dessert, seems wasteful to me. But curiousity reeled me in. I had come to dine at a neighboring restaurant in the resort where Studio B is located but when I saw the line of 50+ people waiting I had to find out what the fuss was about. I checked yelp and saw all the delicious pictures and then joined the crowd. The wait was long, but the food was worth it!This is not your average buffet fare. It was packed full of fine restaurant quality foods such as steak, lamb, ravioli, crab legs, shrimp scampy, sushi, short ribs and more. And the types of food ranged from American, Italian, Chinese, Vietnamese and much more. I was most impressed with the all you can drink wine and beer and cappuccinos. I also really enjoyed the gelato, lobster bisque and succulent blend of fattening and sugar-free desserts. There was so much food that I cannot quite remember all that I had. But take it from a buffet critic - this place was worth the money. Tip: Seating near the buffet is optimal, but if you get placed in the back, no worries. It has a great view and you can even see the lights on the strip at night.
2	It all started with a plan...a plan to try their dinner buffet for $23.99 on a weeknight with unlimited beer and wine. I can't possibly say no to that, can you? That was the first thing on our agenda coming in to Vegas from Orange County. Traffic happened and we got delayed, let's say 3 hours delayed form our original plan. We called to inquire what time they would put away the food if we came right at 9pm which is their closing time. We were assured over the phone that we will have more than enough time as long as we get to pay before the clock strikes 9.After holding our breaths and skipping out on stops for a bathroom break, we finally made it to Studio B just 3 minutes shy before closing. Whew! The place wasn't busy at all so I wonder why it took a while for them to take us to our table. Our table was finally ready but our chairs were wet and sticky. I asked for them to replace the chairs but the server assured me it was only water so she wiped it off and left it there for me to sit on. Eek!When our server greeted us, we were assured once again to take our time with the food because they'll have it out until around 10pm. I heard him but as I was going through my rounds, I decided to get everything I wanted before sitting down to eat. I literally had 3 plates in front of me and a bowl of soup before I started digging in. 30 minutes in and they started shutting off the lights and pulling out the dishes from the buffet. You're kidding right?! If I had listened to our server and the person who answered the phone, we would've been screwed, big time! The rest of our party was quite upset. We had other dishes we would've wanted more of or some to try. I didn't even get the chance to hit the dessert area. Although that one closed later, I was too busy eating my main dishes before it got cold. Unlimited beer and wine alright but guess what? I only got one glass of cider. Boo!If we all lived in a perfect world and we got here on time, I would've been able to muster a 3.5 stars for the price and value. Their oxtail soup is one of the best I've had. The hot and sour soup was something I went back for while their prime rib was dry and a bit rubbery. Everything else was forgettable. Ok food + fair service + horrible experience = 2 stars. I've definitely had better!
4	This is THE best buffet in Vegas.  I've been coming to vegas for work countless times and this place is the best!  If you are going to try to do a buffet and do it big, and have a car, this is the place.  It's off the strip, so you'll need to drive, but the food choices, unlimited beer and wine. and the price is the real winner.This is located at the M Resort and Spa.  It's a 20 minute drive south of the strip.  The food choices are eclectic:  Chinese, Mexican, Thai, American, Korean, Indian, Meditteranean, etc.  They have cold or warm crab legs with the drawn butter, a meat carving station, and an enormous dessert table which includes sugar free options.  I definitely filled up with my favorites being the crab legs, Korean beef short ribs, and crab bisque.From what the other reviewers were saying, the wait time could be long.  I've gone on a Saturday at lunch, no lines.  I've gone weeknight for dinner around 7, 30 mins.  Do yourself a favor and stop searching yelp for buffets.  This is the best.  Did i mention they have unlimited beer and wine?
5	UNLIMITED WINE & BEER.  Oh, did I get your attention now? ;) Out of all the buffets in Vegas, this is my ULTIMATE favorite place!  Usually go here around lunch time, and we didn't have to wait at all, and thank God we didn't since I was STARVING! haha.  My go-to buffet hands down for sure! They have an amazing variety of food.  Whether you be craving Italian, Thai, Mexican, Korean, and American. I'm pretty sure they will have whatever your palate is craving.  The options are endless and as they should be for a buffet.Why should I even name what I like.  Just get a bit of everything, it's ALL good.  They also have an awesome dessert bar with all of the delicious sweetness in the world!  No worries there are also sugar-free desserts too :)Even though this location is off the strip, it's worth the drive.  I actually like knowing it's away from the strip and the chaos.  Now go on and get your drink on, I mean your food on! :)
5	I love this place, my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. It includes all you can drink beer and wine. Great selections of food. They also have Ahi poke and Lomi lomi salmon. Don't forget the espresso bar, cappuccino, mocha, etc. The crab legs is kinda skinny and meat is flaky.  Seems like all crab are like that in LV. Pala casino serves better crab legs.
3	Food: Every time I come here, the quality of the food goes down. This place is definitely living off of its former glory. This buffet started off being pretty spectacular, but it is now just average. Of course the price of the buffet still keeps inching upwards. The one thing going for this place is that they have unlimited beer and wine. They do have one decent beer on tap every time that I've been here.They used to give you crab shelling tools, but now their crab legs are pre-opened for easier consumption. Go for the steamed crab legs, they're better than the cold ones. The pile of cocktail shrimp is always a mess.The carving station is still pretty decent. They have sausages, turkey, and prime rib. The omelette station is pretty popular if you come for brunch.Service: The cashiers are pretty friendly. But when it comes to those bussing your table... they have a look on their faces that says, "I hate my job". They do come by often and do a good job though, so I can and will excuse the sourpuss face. :) The people at the carving station have a hard time understanding English when I asked for a rare piece of prime rib.Location: Nice location inside the M Resort. It's away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. Parking is much easier here.
4	Got there at 10:45 for breakfast but it ended at 11. they weren't refilling the food but it was a blessing in disguise because they were transitioning to dinner. breakfast was $11 and dinner $40. So we basically ate dinner for the price of breakfast.. WIN! Lol they had crab legs, primerib, lambchops, oysters and many more.
1	This has to be one of the worst buffet I have had. Food was either too cold or too salty.  Wait time : 1/5Food : 1/5Service : 3/5
3	Saturday brunch is around $45 with fees.  For $45 in vegas the food better be special.  While the selection is vast and the service is excellent, the food wasn't as good as I expected.  The good:  the fried chicken, prime rib and lobster bisque were great.  The gelato was also very, very good.   The bad:  the sushi was tastless and dry, the Chinese offerings seemed to be over heated, maybe warmed up too long because no one was eating it.  Eggs benedict was dry the muffin tough.The ugly:  the snow crab is served both steamed and chilled (nice) but the crab pieces were very scrawny, a really skinny legs without much meat.  I haven't ever seen such skinny offerings ever at a buffet.Special note: there is a selection of all you can drink alcoholic beverages(beer /wine) but if you don't drink a lot it's a non-benefit.Overall, not worth the $45 price point.  Something in the mid to low $30s would have been reasonable, even cutting out the alcohol. It might be a fair deal for a weekday lunch.
5	I went to eat at M buffet almost every week .They're good food ,service and clean I love it.
1	I am highly disappointed.I heard this buffet was excellent, not only from yelp, but from my friends. So I was very excited to try the buffet while waiting in line for an hour and a half during Christmas dinner. The buffet is 40$ on Friday-Sunday and holidays because of added seafood, other days are around 24$.I will quickly highlight points to save all you curious people time.A lot of the food were SALTY: lambs, orange chicken, fish.Salmon was dried, sushi so plain, crab meat very empty, oyster was not fresh.The service was terrible, the waitress mixed my party drinks with another party.I honestly feel like the restaurant is having an issue with their main chefs because there's a reason why they have 4 stars ratings from before.I will not come back, until I know 100% the quality of the food will be better. I recommend Rio Carnival Buffet. The 1-star is for upsetting my whole party.
4	Studio B is fine if there is not a long wait to get in, otherwise forget it. You'll be waiting in more lines when you get in. It can be a good thing though at least there is high turnover rate and stations are constantly freshened up . My favorite and go to are the Asian : The Kalbi beef ribs and the rice noodle dish and the Mediterranean station for the dolmades. The salad station for antipasto salad and the dessert station to  get refills on alcoholic coffee drinks. I rarely dine at place with buffets but will come here and suggest  this place to my out of town guests when they want better quality buffet food.  The service is pretty good. The servers are always on top of things, refilled drinks and cleared out our dishes. The prices charge are reasonable, you get your moneys worth dining here.
5	Absolutely the best in Vegas. The staff here are the nicest I've ever encountered. Everyone of them is wonderful.
5	Overall, I thought that everything at Studio B was above average.  There were three things that really shined for me:1. Snow crab legs - These were the sweetest crab legs I've ever tasted.  My fiancee didn't even need to dip the crab meat in butter!  I still dipped a tiny bit in butter; needless to say, we made sure to eat plenty of their snow crab legs.  2. Desserts - ALL OF THEM.  For a buffet, Studio B made sure to do a good job of leaving a lasting impression on its customers with the desserts.  Their ice creams were by far the best ice cream I've ever had at a buffet, and their creme brulee and chocolate souffle were very good as well!3.  Unlimited drinks, including beer, wine, and champagne - There is no other buffet at this price point that I know of that does this too! Even without the unlimited drinks, Studio B provides great value for the price you pay.  When you add in unlimited drinks, choosing Studio B for your Vegas buffet experience is a no-brainer!
2	Came here because friends highly recommended it.  Paid $40/person including kids for Holiday Seafood Brunch.  Hardly any seafood.  Food was average compared to Bellagio.  Wasn't awful like Bacchanal.  If I paid the normal price, would have given it 3-4 stars.  Good selection of food.  Deserts were good.
5	This is one of my favorite buffets. Studio B has plenty of food options and they exchange out the food often so it's not just sitting there and getting more and more gross like some other buffets. I've gone here many times, even on Thanksgiving, and the food is always delicious. If you drink alcohol, you can get as many glasses of wine as you want at the counter. Don't forget to tip.The one thing that I want to point out are the desserts. I feel that desserts make or break a buffet and the desserts at Studio B definitely make the buffet. There's plenty of delicious and fresh desserts to try as well as many different flavors of ice cream. Sometimes I finish my meal early just so I can start on eating desserts that much sooner.
3	This is probably one of the better buffets in LV, but it was somewhat disappointing. I just had their Christmas special. $40 per person. Quite the price tag. Served prime ribs and snow crab legs? Those were notable items, but everything seemed pretty average to me. It wasn't bad, but not something I was wow'd by. There was so much hype about this place, but in the end, it was just alright for me. Their desserts were really cute. Assorted desserts were in perfect portions. Just right to try everything. Actually, the dessert might have been the best part of the buffet. Everything else was mehhhhhh....haha.I'd come back, but maybe when the prices are normal or something. $40 for an OK buffet is not for me.
2	The average (tasted like how it's suppose to taste, but nothing special):Prime rib Crab legs (quality varied, some were soggy)RavioliEspresso FlanThe disappointments:Bread rolls and pita bread were stale Sushi was mostly rice, very thin slice of fishSteak was over cooked Fried seafood were bland (calamari, shrimp etc)Boyfriend and I had high expectations for this buffet since he remembered it as being one of the best ones he's had in Vegas. This time he only ate the prime rib some potatoes and spaghetti...certainly didn't get his $40 worth of food
2	2.5 starsThe food always looks so good here, so they get an A for presentation. However, the food is never as good as it looks, which is really disappointing.I always seem to come back here, although my visits are never fully satisfying. I like the enormous variety of food that they offer and drinks. However, during my last visit on Christmas Eve, I was pretty disappointed.The cost was around $35-40 for both brunch and dinner due to the holiday. There was no line outside, so we got seated right away. I ordered a cranberry juice and got an orange juice. I would have complained if the orange juice didn't taste good, but it was really good, so I left it alone. Nothing really stood out to me aside from the orange juice. Everything was just ok or subpar. I don't know if I I'll come back during a holiday anymore. I didn't notice any special holiday offerings to justify the high price they charged.
5	Brunch and Holiday Buffet is a bit pricey ($39.99 per person), but we went there prior to 11am and got in for the breakfast price of $10.99. The food isn't worth $40 per person so get there around 10am (lines are long) pay the cheaper price and you get the best of both worlds.The best part of the buffet is the crab legs, Asian food selection, and deserts. The crab legs are cut in half and make it very easy to eat, this alone is worth the trip. They also have sushi, curry dishes, and other Asian foods. Deserts are yummy and they also make fresh cappuccinos, lattes, and other flavored coffees. Service is very fast and the wait staff is very attentive and polite. We sat next to the window overlooking the Las Vegas Strip, very nice. Remember to take care of them.Yes, they have complimentary beer (Coors, Hefeweizen, and IPA) and champagne. I'm not sure what beers or champagne brands they were so YMMV. Don't make you're decision to eat here based on the alcohol alone, there's too much to enjoy here. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I would recommend this buffet to anyone. This is one of the buffets that includes beverages, even alcoholic drinks as well. They have a wide array of selections of hot food, seafood, salads and soups.  They also have a huge selection of desserts and ice cream. The wait is a bit long, watch out for the promotional offers/price/deals of the day since it is not clearly stated. Check the register first to see the prices of the day.
4	Great buffet off the strip but good food and desserts plus beer and wine are included with cost.
2	I "think" I'm at the right place?I'm staying here at the M ResortI came for the breakfast buffetIt was the same as any HUGE HOTEL BUFFER BREAKFAST-dry, over cooked foods sitting in trays, a big sticky mess with 20% of the items empty (not refilled).One super friendly(unusual) very slow custom eggs to order guy. Big line 4 eggs, is it worth the wait? If you saw their waaaaaaaay over cooked "eggs Benedict" the yolks were hard as rocks (and that was their FRESH BATCH right from the kitchen. The fruits were either empty plates or under/over ripe. Oh yeh, we had a old surly waitress? Why? Doesn't she work for tips? She was rude, abrupt & slow...and that was just for liquids??? What's up? ----Overall review:1.5 stars----Just another sub par mediocre breakfast buffet.-----(NOTE:This review is ONLY 4 the BREAKFAST BUFFET)
4	I'd been disappointed with the buffet at the M after going my birthday weekend in August 2012, but I came back recently just a few days before Christmas 2013.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good it still is!  First off, we came on an off night so it was pretty empty.  That meant easier access to food.  However, this didn't mean we missed out on awesome seafood.  I got my fill of oysters for sure.Everything was good quality the night I came as well and didn't taste off like it has in times before.  The desserts here are always really good too.  This place is a little trip off the strip but pretty worth it.  Definitely one of my top Vegas buffets to visit for sure.
2	So dissappointing.   Moved to LV a little over a year ago.  Asked around for best buffet, and was told repeatedly that it was the M.  Went there for Seafood Brunch - Fantastic!  Have gone back several times with out of town visitors.   But, something has changed.  Now, not only would I not go again (after two bad outings), I won't be taking anyone there.   Sunday, went for the breakfast buffet- $10.  Awful.  Most pans were either empty, or in need of a refill.  I finally got a serving of Eggs Benedict (my favorite) - muffin wasn't even cooked, let alone warm.  Egg: over done.  Didn't finish it).   Line for "cooked to order eggs" was ridiculously out of hand - they had the line following the buffet, making easily 1/3 of it next to impossible to access (Management, Really?  Don't you see how this is ineffective?  I would have had that line re-routed within 5 minutes, and I don't even work in F&B industry).  Today, I played at the M so I earned a 'free' lunch buffet.  Line wasn't long, so I went on in.  After I paid, I still had to wait 15 minutes to be seated.  Once I was allowed entry, I was escorted to  my table, passing by many empty tables and many tables that needed to be cleared.  Food was just 'meh'.  True that the desserts are plentiful and tasty - but the same every time I've been there.  No variety.  Not worth it.Sorry Studio B - whatever changes have happened, you've lost 2 customers in my husband & me.
5	Over the holidays, all the buffets on the strip were charging up the a$$ for their "holiday buffets." In addition to the super expensive meals, the lines were all insanely long. As much as I love Bacchanal, there was no way i was going to spend 3+ hrs of my vacation time waiting in line to eat.My family and I stopped by Studio B at the M hotel at the recommendation of some of our friends who live in the area. HOLY CRAP. THE FOOD WAS GREAT.  I'm so glad that we did. For just $40 per person we were able to enjoy their amazing seafood buffet. They offer so many types of seafood: crab legs, oysters, shrimp, etc. I really loved their prime rib. It was seriously some of the best I've had in Vegas. It  is perfectly roasted to a medium rare and super tender. I think I had 3 slabs of the stuff!Booze is also included at Studio B. It's not the best beer and wine, but it is free :) The best part: I only waited about 15 min before I was seated :) It's unfortunate that the M Hotel is so far from the strip, but it does make Studio B the perfect stop for Californians coming in and out of Las Vegas!
4	Love this buffet, they even had mimosa and champagne! Overall the food was ok for brunch. We came here versus going to Bacchanal because it was on our way back to Cali and the line wasn't super duper long. Love it, service was pretty good, but it took awhile for us to get seated and get our drinks ordered, otherwise, the extensive array of food made it almost impossible to try everything. For the most part the food was good, I really enjoyed the beef roast, the pad thai, their sesame chicken. The dessert section was delicious, they had creme brulee, an assortment of mousses, and tiramisu, which I enjoyed the most. The creme brulee was also super yummy. And my friend, who is a fan of flan, said it was probably one of the best flan's she's tasted. Again, I'm not a fan of flan, but anyone who is, may want to definitely come try it. Gelatto was also delicious, but less creamy than the ones I've tasted, I liked the pistachio flavor the most only because they had small bits of real pistachio in it.They even had a bar where you can order champagne and wine. I got the mimosa, and it was a bit strong for me, luckily I just diluted i with more orange juice. To order drinks, just bring your ID over. Great thing about this place is that you can go to the restroom and come back, the workers don't say anything to people coming and going.For me I would rather go at night then in the day. We pay $40 per person for the brunch menu, but I feel like there could have been more of an assortment of seafood. The only thing I really enjoyed seafood wise were the mussels with the mayonnaise. Everything else was mediocre for me.
5	Ok, some people think $39 is expensive for this buffet but they forget to tell you that the price includes all you can drink beer and wine.  I am not a drinker so I did not have any booze but let me tell you that I was still thrilled with the place. I try to stay away from the strip due to all the rude workers at the strip.  Some people are nice but there is so much cattle traveling through those places on the strip that some people naturally feel that they can lie and be rude to you.  That was my experience at Pampas on the strip.  After that experience I was a bit gun shy about another buffet.  My father took me to Studio B at M resort.Lets put it this way, my father is a local and likes to go to the local places in Vegas because the crowds are smaller and the people are nicer.  I am not a local but after dining at Studio B I asked if there were any homes for sale within walking distance to this restaurant.  My favorite buffet has always been Fugo De Chao but there is a new kid on the block!This place is unbelievable.  Good thing I brought some digestive enzyme pills with me because the food was so great that I polished off 4 plates, 2 coffee drinks and many desserts.  I am not a big dessert guy but the quality of their food was so incredible I just had to keep going back for more. This place is awesome.  It feels like you are entering an airport when you go back for food.  The place is so huge and they have so many selections it is nothing short of amazing.   One of the other reviewers said that they also have a breakfast buffet.  I will definitely want to try that next time, especially if it is only $10.99 as he said. The only problem I can see that would have ruined the experience is that others have found out about this place and the lines can be long to get in.  Try to get there ahead of the crowd.  Do NOT rush yourself.  Take it all in and spend hours there enjoying it.  The food is worth the $39 which by the way also includes the tip so in reality it is only about $34 unless you are deadbeat that never tips.
2	Having dinner at Studio B buffet.  For $40 a person, I am very disappointed.  There's a tiny section for sushi (one plate and some rolls) and there are only 2-3 kinds.  The Osso Bucco is as hard as leather.  Pad Thai too spicy.  Crab legs are very thin and hardly have any meat.  Oysters and shrimp are ok.  One Plus is that beer and wine are included.  I just don't think the price is worth it.  Will definitely not be back.
5	As far as Las Vegas buffets go, Studio B is at the top of my list.  Prices are cheap (around $10/person for breakfast, under $20 for lunch), and the food is great.  Plenty of options - my favorite is the half pear with goat cheese.  Lunch and dinner include sushi, indian, chinese, thai, mexican and many american options.  The beverage bar is an awesome include - how cool is the all you can drink beer/wine/cider at lunch and dinner?!?  Most of the beers are local microbrews, and they even have a microbrew root beer as well.  Save room for dessert - one of the best dessert bars I've ever experienced.  Besides the 20 flavors of ice cream, my favorites include the lava cake, tiramisu and the cheesecake.  There are sugarless desserts too, but who's counting calories at this point.  Definitely check it out - I've been multiple times at all times of the day.  Top secret Yelp tip - if you show up 5 minutes before lunch, you still pay the breakfast price, but the lunch food will be set out before you even get to your table!
5	Hands down best buffet in Vegas. This place has a fantastic selection, food is constantly being refilled. So many great selections.I've been coming here since they opened and I can tell you they haven't skimped on the quality. Some of my faves:1. Crab legs: they've got two stations, hot and cold. Served with melted butter (not for me). These used to come with shell crackers until they started shaving them open. I used to think this new procedure distracted from the fun, but now it just gets more crab legs in my belly in less time.2. Prime Rib: so juicy and so tender. Get the rare cut and add some horseradish to that thug. You won't be disappointed.3. Beer and wine: the selection has increased since I first visited. Always included and always unlimited.4. Sushi/sashimi: while it is buffet quality, it's still delish. Hint: ask for a bowl of sashimi to skip on the carbs!5. Desserts: self explanatory6. Espresso and coffee bar: ask for a shot of kahluha or Baileys with your coffee and dessert!Now that you know: do yourself a damn favor and drive away from the strip craziness, loosen your belt, and post up for a couple of hours.
2	I saw some reviews regarding this place so I decided to check it out. This place offers no no crab legs. Yes no crab legs on weekdays and you still pay $25 for the Buffett. This is the worst Las Vegas Buffett I ever had. They earn a star for no lines. You come in and you eat ASAP. They earn another star for their desert especially the cookies that were delicious. If you like seafood then they away from this place. They mix their clams with barnacles shells in the same tray which provided a weird taste. They have miniature crayfish for you to eat. Yup tiny tiny. I will never go here again. People go here because they comp free meals if you gamble. Don't ever pay for  this Buffett at m hotel
3	buffet no as good. since penn gaming. took over the place dishes were cold   quality not as good.
3	If you want bottomless beer and wine then THIS IS the place for you. No other buffet has that kind of service. But if you have already experienced Bachannal Buffet.. I promise you that you will kick yourself on coming here.Either we came here on a bad day, or the food was just seriously disappointing! We have tempted on trying this place for some time because it was named "best buffet" in Vegas. But the M Resort is seriously inconveniently far off the strip. The buffet we tried was the seafood brunch, which the price ($40) was higher than usual. It was a slower day, so there weren't a whole lot of options. We basically drank to get our money's worth. There was the standard crab legs, shrimp, and oysters. The oxtail, bisque soup, and some desserts looked great, but lacked a bit on flavor and texture.
5	This is always a go to when I'm in Las Vegas.  If you want lunch/dinner get here before 2:30pm so you pay lunch prices but get dinner food items!!!
4	This is a pretty good buffet, but be prepared for a roller coaster of emotions.Hangry - Ridic line and is barely movingChill - Grab a beer from the bar and sit down in lineHangry - Realize you've been in line for more than 1 hrCloud 9 - EAT EVERYTHING. Don't talk to me I'm eating!!! Regret - Why did I eat everything?Food coma - zzzzNot sure if I would go back. It's kinda out of the way, but we weren't staying on the strip anyways and everyone was super hungry after climbing at Red Rocks all day.
1	Went here on Jan 31 2014 Friday for Lunch. It was about 12:30pm when we got there. There is no problem to pay at cashier counter. However, it took FOREVER (40 mins) to get seated. the Lady needs training. When you walked in, you can get tons of empty tables.  I gave the one star for the lady. I think her name is Hilda? ( the one with her hair bleached). The food is good as usual. I will come back but I hope I don't have to wait forever to get seated.
4	Get the Prime Rib first, very tender, melts in your mouth.  Their desserts are amazing. ESpecially the crepes, creme brulee, and the ice cream.   What not to get: buffalo chicken sliders, and korean Short ribsWhat a steal.  $15.99 for lunch on weekday.  and it comes with complimentary beer, wine, and latte, etc.    The beer does fill you up though
3	This is my first buffet in Vegas and it lived up to my expectations.  Service was good and lots of dishes to choose from.  Really liked the sashimi salad with fresh chunks of fish.  Gelato bar was awesome.  Desserts looked amazing, tasted only ok.  Creme burlee was a disappointment especially since it's not the hardest thing to make (just egg yolks, cream, sugar, vanilla).  Overall my party of 7 enjoyed the meal.
1	I have been putting off writing this review because I was trying to recall something positive about the experience.  Here is what I came up with.Positive - Beer and Wine is included in the price. And it isn't horrible.                  Deserts are great, some of the better Gelato I have had outside of Italy.                  a lot of choices.                  The chef was very friendly and eager to assist at the carving station.The rest of the review - Ok this was a horrible experience from the start.  When we arrived we were sixth in line on a mid week night..  It took us over 45 minutes to get to the cashier and another 30 minutes to get seated.  The cashier was extremely rude and looked at me like I was crazy asking if they had a child discount.  (they do but only for 8 and under which seems kind of rediculous but I highly recommend you go elsewhere with kids 9-18).So we were finally seated, ordered our drinks and went to look around.  Although items appear to be grouped together by region of origin, there is no signage and the layout requires you to go around the carving station to get anywhere.  My first impression of the food was that it looked good.  I was a bit put off that the cleanliness of the buffet area was so bad.  The setup often requires you to ladle across several items of food resulting in food on the counter and food mixed in with other food.  At most buffets, there are staff members promptly cleaning up the spillage but here i did not see that occur at all. In fact, between my first trip to the buffet and my second, some of the spills were still there.Specific issues - the pita was hard as a rock, the rolls were stale, the meat overcooked, Everything appeared to have excessive grease.  The oriental food was utterly flavorless (although the pad thai was servicable if less than a 1 in spice level)When we got back to our table, there were tiny flying creatures around, I had to kill at least two.  I barely ate any of the items on the first plate and went back for a second trip only because i had paid $25.00 and wanted to at least find something edible.  I got mac and cheese and fruit on the second trip.   The fruit was fresh but not quite ripe on the melons and poorly cut as there was rind on several pieces.  The mac and cheese was actually good.  Very cheesey and with cheddar flavored cheese sauce instead of the usual american.The place wasn't very busy but we didn't see our server to refill our drinks until we were almost done with the food.  My daughter, who usually loves buffets, only took sushi which she said wasn't very good, and spaghetti and watermelon.  Normally she makes a second trip but she was complaining her stomach hurt by the end of the meal and didn't even eat a desert. (we did get one to take with us which she ate 1/2 of in the car.)Under our table was food from the previous customer (I know because neither I or my daughter had the spring rolls.)All in all it was a huge disappointment.  I think the majority of people who rate this place high do so because of the free alcohol.I will not be back here.
3	It was ok for the price. Nothing really spectacular. They couldn't serve beer at the table you had to go to the bar to get them.
4	Studio B is always a pit stop before returning to California. And I never regret it!The layout of this place can be a bit overwhelming - unlike other Vegas buffets, there isn't any signage to point you in any direction. However, after doing a once-over, you'll get an idea as to how it's set up.Overall, I feel the food quality is better than other buffets on the strip (although the new Bacchanal buffet is now my favorite!) and you get the most bang for your buck. This place has the widest variety of desserts: pastries (sugar-free included!), gelato, coffees, and even liqueurs. Obviously not everything is amazing; some items aren't that great (like lobster bisque, clam chowder, and cream of mushroom), but I find that I enjoy the majority - enough to feel money well spent.Also included in the meal are wines and beers.NOTE: If you're looking for a LOT of seafood, you won't find a wide variety here. They do have shrimp and raw oysters and depending on when you go, crab legs.Remember: there's no shame in double fisting platefuls of food. Just wear a loose fitting top...
1	Don't waste your time TRYING to eat here. They made us wait for 2 hours while they cleared the v.i.p. line at least 5 times. I work in a restaurant in a casino on the strip and obviously you cater to your big gamers... But that was absolutely ridiculous. Our line didn't even move. The manager was completely nonchalant when we voiced or complaint and we weren't even the first group to step out of line, demand a refund, and leave.
4	Went here on a Saturday evening so I knew there would be a wait and we waited for about 40 minutes in line. Anyone who's not willing to wait at least a little bit should just leave. Because of the location prices are definitely lower for a weekend buffet than similar buffets on the strip plus this one comes with beer, cider and wine included. The place is very casual with lots of tourists and families with little kids, definitely not a date place. Service was decent with soft drinks and water being refilled regularly and dishes being taken away promptly. The food was very good for a Vegas buffet. Weekends are seafood and there was a LOT of it. Hot and iced crab legs (but I seemed to be the only one who enjoyed it cold), sushi which was decent but heavy on the cucumber instead of the tuna and nigiri that was definitely not top quality but was edible, very good fried cod, ceviche which was barely edible, and a really good salmon dishes. There was also a very well stocked salad bar and lots of none seafood dishes including a carving station. Since it was Chinese New Year (ish) there was also Chinese food which was just god-awful and made me very sad. Dessert was DELICIOUS because they had flan and creme brule in addition to some other pastries and small cakes (all on their own little individual plates) that I didn' bother with because of the flan and creme brulee. The place is very beautiful and the buffet itself is set up as one long bar that curves through the middle of the space. It makes it a little harder to reach things than in many buffets were tables are in the middle and the food is surrounding you, but it was also very attractive and I figured I could use the tiny bit of exercise considering how much I was eating. Parking was ample and free (Go Vegas!) and the casino itself smells less like smoke and desperation than other casinos. I would recommend this buffet to anyone in Vegas who's looking for a weekend dinner but doesn't want to spend $60, or to any lushes who want the free booze!
1	If u wear chrome hearts, don't come here. I was asked to take off my shirt or leave cause it has fuck you on it. Whatever happened to freedom of speech? Alotta old timers and lil kids here maybe that's why I got flagged. The selection here at Studio B Is laughable compared to bacchanal. The food quality has went down the drain since the last time I was here about 2 years ago.Also there is no express lane, so even if u had dough ur gonna have to wait the whole line.And seafood is only available on weekends Would probably not come here again
2	There is so much hype around Studio B with billboards claiming it's the "Best Buffet IN Vegas." Best? I think not. It's $40 for weekends seafood buffet from 11am to 9pm. It is definitely not worth the $40. Take that money and go to the Wynn buffet. Kalbi short ribs were soooo salty. It wasn't even tolerable by downing a lot of water. I had to spit it out onto a napkin because it was just sodium overload. I got really excited when I saw the sashimi salad with huge chunks of salmon sashimi. But the salmon was hard and not buttery soft. I felt like they took it from the freezer.  The lobster bisque and chicken noodle soups were both really salty. After 2 plates of disappointment, I slowed down and stopped eating. Such a disappointment after all that hype. The presentation of the food definitely looks better than it tastes. I was so excited upon entering because I thought the quality & taste would be comparable to other buffets in the same price range. After a few bites, I was proven wrong. Only plus is all you can drink in terms of wine, beer, coffee and etc. But ehhh skip Studio B unless you're here for breakfast or a weekday lunch/dinner. $40 is just NOT worth it.
4	had a great experience. my boyfriends parents are in town and wanted to go to a buffet and Studio B did not disappoint. They have a great selection of just about everything. I was sad they didnt have crab legs... those are my favorite, however the unlimited beer and wine was a great addition.desserts were fantastic.overall I was very pleased and will totally be back!
5	Great Buffet. Beer and wine include with buffet. A lot of food items. Sweet potato salad was great.
5	Leaving Las Vegas and heading back to LA, we decided to have our final LV breakfast off the strip.  We stopped on that section of I-15S, where the last main strip of businesses try to draw you in, before you drive into the world of "nothing" for the next 30 minutes.  I heard a lot about Studio B, and apparently it was a great and affordable buffet option that a lot of locals go to.  It was GREAT!!!  We were seated promptly in a beautiful room with a large breakfast buffet.  It was a bright, open, and well designed space.  The prices are amazing for the selection given, and the service was also friendly.We ate at the Monte Carlo, MGM and here for buffets on this trip.  Although it didn't quite top MGM, we believe it came ever so very close!  It beat Monte Carlo by a landslide.  Definitely try this off-strip treasure!
4	Our favorite buffet in Vegas. I'll start with the best food--dessert. Make sure you leave room for that even at breakfast. They have a huge variety of cuisines: Mexican, American, Chinese, Japanese, Mediterranean, Italian, etc. Even Irish for St. Patrick's. Ha. There are healthy options of fruits, vegetables, salads and sugar-free treats. We usually don't load up on basics like bread or soup, but there should be several options for anyone. Drinks are included with every meal.
3	I lived in Vegas for 9 years and I know one thing or two about their buffets. This studio B buffet, like everything, was wonderful when they opened their doors. Well, after moving back to California and going back yesterday there, I was disappointed. The food is mediocre at best. Everything has the same taste. This was not seafood night. They have it only on the weekends. But if you taste the pizza, egg rolls, pastas, they all have the same, generic, institution taste food, blah. I tried the eggrolls; crispy on the outside, but the vegetables inside tasted mushy and overcooked. The pizza with cheese and tomato was blah. The dough was bland and the cheese tasted institute-like. I tried the chile relleno; some tasteless cheese inside with half a can of canned tomato sauce thrown on top. The rice has no taste. Now. the dessert section is still holding up pretty good. Desserts are still outstanding,  no complains there. Service is still pretty good.
1	Don't waste your money. St. Paddy's "SPECIAL".....What a joke. Didn't have most of the advertised specials and what they DID have was tasteless and WAY overpriced. The corned beef was like a used truck tire. I should charge them for the dental work I need from trying to chew it. Waited 30 minutes to be seated when half of the tables were empty. Should have walked away and saved $50 bucks.....Won't be coming back here....
4	This buffet has become a staple for thousands of people that venture out to Vegas. I have tried a multitude of buffets in Vegas and I think it's safe to say that Studio B is one of my favorites. I think the price of admission is a steal for the quality and the myriad of food selections they offer, not to mention all-you-can-drink wine and beer! I especially enjoy coming here for their selection of seafood. Their menu hasn't changed much over the past few years and I think they could spice things up and offer new items but I'm not complaining. Be sure to avoid coming here on Sunday morning as the line can get absurdly long.
5	I always like to end a Vegas trip with a yummy buffet experience. Although I wanted to try the new #1 place Bachanal, the wait on Sunday was almost 2 hours and I didn't feel like waiting. I decided to start heading back to California and hit the always reliable Studio B at M Resort. I've eaten here a couple years ago, and I believe it was rated #1 at the time. This was my first time back and I remember why this has to be one of my favorite buffets. I've done Cosmo, Bellagio, Rio, and some of the other buffets and for $40 on the weekend, Studio B can't be beat.My friends and I enjoyed the seafood selection, and their prime rib was perfect. We probably ate like 100 oysters. The only section that needs work is their sushi. Great desserts and gelato, along with beer and wine included.If you're not looking to spend a lot of money and looking for a great variety of food, go here! On bar with all of the big buffets in Vegas
4	The food is very good! Waiting lines are expectable. Only downside is that they don't have toast for breakfast. Which I don't understand.For lunch and diner I would highly recommend this buffet. For breakfast I'd go somewhere else.
1	Waited over an hour in line just to pay! There was no more than 20 people in line, I don't know what the deal was, since I came last year at the same time and didn't have to wait so freaking long! By the time I got to the cashier they stopped serving lunch and were now charging the dinner price at 2pmish, since the people that paid had to wait in a second line just to get a table. I ended up leaving after an hour, I'm not paying a dinner price at 2pm. It's lunch time people!
3	For the price, it's good. The food is ok, the sushi is so bad though. The rice is so hard and chewy. Bleh...I do like the Ox Tail soup, the chicken and beef sliders, and prime rib are ok. We keep coming back because it's relatively cheaper than the high end buffets on the strip. We also like to stop by before we check in to our hotel. It's easy to get in and out of this place, the line isn't so long, and the parking isn't so bad.
2	I went yesterday for lunch. I paid $17.00 for the lunch buffet and was surprised by how small it was. At a buffet I like to taste EVERYTHING, by not fixing my plate as if it's my last meal. The only thing I enjoyed was BBQ ribs, mac n cheese, brussels sprouts, mini hoison wings, lo mein, and the beef taquitos. That isn't much for a buffet. I did enjoy the mini creme brulee and mini flourless cake. I hear a lot more excitement about dinner so I'll have to try it next. Lunch....not so grand.
5	Been here many times. Great food out of the whole hotel. The line control and seating could use some work.The seafood selection isn't like it used to be either. Still great!
5	Best buffet I have ever been to!! We'll worth the $40 person. All you can drink beer and wine and my boyfriend loved that. The food was excellent. Tons of variety and every type of meat u can imagine. The crab legs and shrimp we're delicious! Highly recommend and I will definitely be going back
5	$24.99 per person for an all-you-can-eat buffet with endless choices of any type of food you could want and a great selection of desserts AND unlimited beer AND wine!?? Winner winner buffet dinner. We went on a weekday and there was absolutely no wait. We simply walked up to the cashier, paid our way in, had the nice young lady allow us access into the buffet and we found our table. The wait staff was courteous and attentive. They have all different cuisines: Italian, Mexican, Asian, American, lots of different meat options, pastas, salads, breads and rolls, and other foods I've never even heard of. Then you walk over to the dessert section and they probably had about 30 different types of desserts and an assortment of 15 different flavors of gelato. Positives: cheap price on weekdays for an unlimited supply of good food, tasty desserts and beer and wine. Attentive wait staff. Quick seating. No lines.
2	I would like to start  by saying the visit started with a two hour wait and the cattle fence was not even half full when we arrived! Without a doubt the worst line of any in Las Vegas. Now to the food, overpriced, cold, empty dishes in the food lines and once again customer service was terrible. This could be a nice place if the management cared about the customers paying the bills. The only plus to this mediocre eatery has alcohol that was added to give the illusion that customers were enjoying themselves. Being a non-drinker this buffet has nothing to offer out of the ordinary.
2	Went on a Sunday afternoon for Lunch and it was like $50 bucks. They had (dry) crab legs, peeled shrimp, and their open soft bar (draft beer and wine), but $50 bucks for any buffet = no thx.Writing this review more for my own reference to not come back here for the Seafood buffet than anything else...
4	Woops wrote in the wrong Studio B one. Why are there two yelps for the same place?!I'm just gonna copy and paste what I wrote.$25 dinner buffet at Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa? Food must suck right? Wrong.Everything I tried that day was delicious and flavorful! Surprisingly, they didn't have one item of food I didn't like. Although they may not have as much selection as other buffets, its definitely worth the price.Especially that dessert bar. Omg. And I don't even like sweets. That's saying something. The only downside is it's about 20 minutes from the strip. But hey, it's worth driving that far instead of paying $$$$ for crappy food right?
5	Best buffet in Las Vegas, hands down. Great options, so much food and different cultures to chose from. LOVED it and can't wait to go back again (SOON, Hopefully!)
3	came here at 2 pm on a friday so we could get the lunch price of $15.99 and eat dinner food which started at 2:30 pm. i guess a 100 other people had that idea too. i was glad they honored lunch price for everyone in line before 2:30. finally sat down at 4 pm. line moved slow but the buffet looked empty. that was annoying. - seafood was nothing special- prime rib was really good- sushi looked old and there was no sashimi- sadly my favorite thing was the asian bbq ribs- free beer and wine- desserts bar was hugeoverall, for $15.99 this buffet was worth the money. but if i had to pay the $40 reg price, i'd be sadly disappointed.
2	What the HECK!!!we heard so many things...4 stars on yelp, one of the top 3 vegas buffets behind wicked spoon and bacchanal, blah, blah, blah.we were sooo excited...out first ladies weekend away from the kids and hubbies and we had to hit at least one vegas buffet to say we truly did vegas.  the other 2 buffets were hovering close to $50 for dinner so we decided on studio B since it was $39.99 for a seafood friday dinner buffet.  we jumped in our mini van and left the strip to head to henderson and at 6:00 we had to wait in a 45 minute line.  our fault completely for not peeking our head into the food but we drove all the way there in our minivan and we just had to believe yelp so we figured it was worth the wait.all i had to do was make one quick trip around the buffet and i knew it was a DUD!!!  i love to eat and so unfortunately had my share of buffets...let's just say buffets are not my fave...pure gluttony.  but i figured if we are going to do it...let's do it right!!!i think this place is nothing more than a tiny weeny step above home town buffet (i think that's what it's called...right?)  sure there is a huge selection but i would definitely choose quality versus quantity.  wilted salads, frozen fried fish, boxed mash potatoes, dried up small tiny crab legs, cheeeaaaaap wine from a box, even their lattes which i was sooo excited about was the type you pushed a button for and sooo darn sweet!!!ARRGGGHHHH!!!so disappointed...not only by the food but also the HYPE!!!still had a blast in vegas BABY!!!
2	Do not come here!!! We waited 45 mins to get a seat. No one is clearing tables. The food is marginal at bedt. I got a beef short rib. The meat is so tough and grisly that my knife cannot cut through. STAY WAY FROM HERE.Ok the buffet had some decent food. But the wait for a clean table made this a no return.
2	Like all Vegas buffets, this one has it's highs and lows, so for the sake of brevity I'll get to the point.Highs:- Prime rib. This was easily the best buffet prime rib I've ever had, so much so I indulged in a second piece. Extremely tender and very flavorful. Au jus was good too.- Warsteiner on tap. Can't go wrong there. - Grilled asparagus was definite highlight amongst a collection generally sad looking vegetables. - Cappuccino was very good.- If you leave without trying the creme brule you have missed out on the best thing there. Lows: - Seafood. All of the seafood was sub-par. The crab legs were so skinny they looked like they were harvested from a snow crab labor camp. Oysters were horrible and probably poisonous. Shrimp were rubbery and about the size of plankton. The mussels smelled so bad that my survival instinct kept me from trying them. - Sushi. Jesus, where to begin. Let's just say I think I found out where all the expired sushi at Albertsons ends up.- Lobster bisque. I know what lobster bisque tastes like. This isn't it. Somehow I imagine giant, white, one gallon cans of ACME Lobster Bisque stacked in back.All-in-all we managed to have a good meal and, more importantly, a good time. Trying to guess the cholesterol levels of the, shall we say, more calorically challenged patrons kept us entertained. For the price (87$ for 2) this turkey didn't fly for us and I don't see us coming back anytime in the next millennium.
4	Having read the reviews lamenting the line time and decrease in food quality, I reluctantly agreed to make the drive down to the M this weekend.  We went at an off peak time (2-3pm) on a Saturday but there was no line!  Winning!  It was pricey at $86 for two of us after tax.  The crab legs are a popular draw, they are now split for your eating like a machine convenience.  I am starting to agree that, despite the decrease in work, the split legs are perhaps less appealing than the ones you do on your own.  Split legs tended to be colder and more difficult to get a good chunk of meat.  Still good!  There are a myriad of dining options at this buffet.  The Kalbi Korean ribs were tasty.  The lamb chops were thin and covered in a delicious sauce.   I also enjoyed the all you can drink options.  Mimosas, white zin, beer, strawberry cider, merlot, cab. to name a few.  Our waitress told us she has seen a number of people booted from the buffet due to fights, vomiting, passing out...I guess you get what you ask for when you let people drink infinitely!
3	Very nice food selection and quality.  I'd give the food 4 stars, but they are a bit understaffed, because we spent 15 minutes at the front of the seating line after we paid and then our "waiter" took a while for the drinks.And on that subject, why does a waiter have to bring you a glass of water or bottle of ketchup, even though you can go load up a couple of plates with $20+ of food on your own?
4	As locals, My husband and I have been to almost every buffet on the Strip, and this is one of the better ones. This is the one we go to on holidays. We don't see any bad behavior from the patrons, as one of the other reviewers wrote. Though I find it is one of the best places for people watching. Pros: - Wide variety of different types of food (Asian, Indian, Traditional American, Italian)- Quality is very good- clean and they keep food hot and trays full- good serviceCons: - Quality of food has gone down somewhat - Location of M Resort is far from everything
5	I have eaten here several times already. This is the only buffet I know of in Vegas that  serve you beer and wine for free. It's already included in the price.For those who haven't been to this buffet yet, I have recorded a Full Steady 10 minute Tour of Studio B Buffet. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNA8PokNSDEThe food here is really good. Everything is presented nicely on the buffet stations. I love their dessert stations. Lots of varieties to choose from. Our server was very helpful. She kept asking if we wanted more refill. Once were done with the plate, she cleared it right away.The only downside to eating at this buffet is that it's very far from the strip at about 10 miles to Mandalay Bay. The only time, I will stop here to eat is on my way to Vegas from Los Angeles or if I'm planning on leaving Vegas.So like I said before, if you guys want to see what they serve at M Resort Buffet: Check out my video below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNA8PokNSDE
4	Had Studio B Buffett again and it was good. Friday nights are usually ten times better but the quality on any day is good still. I feel like for the regular days, it's a bit overpriced and the wait time was too long. I understand waiting like that and having seafood and more but not on a regular day.
5	Absolutely the best buffet I've ever been too.. So much variety. First time I went there is like almost 4 dozen shrimps. The M cider was pretty amazing. The best part was the desserts. They so many different desserts waiting to be eaten by me. Love the different types of ice cream as well.
1	Food was ok, but the cashier intentionally makes people wait in the line for a long time. For us, it was one hour waiting in a short line, not worth it. Do not recommend.
2	Food is mediocre and not worth the price they charge.  Most of the meat is cold, tough and overcooked and quality of the meat is also sub par - lamb chops are shoulder cut and tough, ribs are also cold and tough.  The desserts look far better than they taste.  Some of the salads are OK.  Place is clean though.
2	Went to Studio B for Seafood Dinner Buffet a month ago (Friday, March 28, 2014) based on the 4-star rating here on Yelp.... which we thought must justify the lengthy drive away from the strip and the $40/person cost.Our party of 4 waited about an hour even though we were quoted a 20 minute wait.  The lines moved very slowly, yet when we finally got in... there were tons of open tables. Not sure what that was all about.  The buffet food was totally unimpressive... it seemed like all low-end selections..... I only enjoyed the snow crab legs.The table service would only serve the standard soft drinks, juice, coffee and tea. If you wanted the wine or cappuccinos that are included with the meal, you have to go get in line yourself for those drinks.  After getting our soft drinks, our server seemed to disappear.  Don't drive far, pay lots of money for this sub par food and service!
1	The food wasn't as great as I thought it would be, and wasn't worth standing in line for more than an hour and a half.  The steak was tough, the Kal-bi was cold, and all they had was snow crab legs.  We paid over $100, including tip, we expected better.  We could have paid less at the Rio and gotten more seafood, including lobster.  The wine and beer station was great!  I hit that station a few times after our very long wait in line!  SMHTHE LINE-  This is why they get the lone star rating.  General buffet line treatment was horrible!  There were no benches lining the wall, and there was space for it!  The VIP line moved quickly, and they had seats in their waiting area (the thought of "we are the peasants waiting for the remainder of the VIP's food" ran through my head).  An older woman almost fainted from standing so long.  I'm not that old, but I was wearing 1 inch heals and by the time we were at the front, my shoes were off.  Usually, after you pay the cashier, you get seated a few minutes later.  We ended up waiting an additional 40 minutes after payment and we were only a party of 3.  When we got in the dining area, we noticed the back area wasn't full and a lot of the tables needed to be bussed.Based on our awful waiting experience, and the fact that they have no handicapped line ( it's a good thing my Autistic son wasn't with us), we give it a piss poor rating.  SHAME ON YOU STUDIO B!!!  PUT SOME BENCHES ALONG YOUR WALL!!!
5	One of the best buffet I have ever been to in my life. Those that give this place a two star or one star really need to explain what other buffet they've been to in their past that better.  Ya the line is long but just like others say: the wait was worth it.  I've been here three times now and it's never a let down
2	Used to be best in Las Vegas but quality and taste has gone way down. Make Cesar's look like a deal. Friday-Sunday dinner is $40 Caesar's is $50 with a lot more choices and better tasting food. . I won't be back
3	Paid $40 and I only ate $20 worth lolOk so I don't eat too much normally but I know how to go HAM at buffets..Let's start with what I remember:-sushi: gross don't even try it. Taste worse than costco sushi. -egg rolls: how the hell do you mess up egg    rolls? They tasted so old and bitter, yuck-crab legs, oysters, and shrimp: delish-ceviche: ehh no, just no. -The Italian stuff was on point tho! You can't fuck up Italian food.Desserts:Gelato- pretty bombCheesecake-good!Fruit tart in a cup- 5/5 stars, delicious !Green cookie- yum!Mimosas! All drinks are free, just tip!All in all, I wouldn't be back, too expensive and not enough quality.
5	When we first moved to Vegas in late 2011, we were obsessed with the Studio B buffet! We would bring anyone who visited us here and pretty much any excuse to come. Even until now this is our all-time favorite buffet place, ever!! They offer unlimited free beer and wine, although I'm always too full to really take advantage. On certain nights they offer crab legs. Their prime rib is THE BOMB, as well as everything else! The sushi is decent even though there isn't too big of a selection. The workers are usually good about refilling the food right away so you're never standing around waiting. It is a bit pricey but SO WORTH it! You won't get a nasty stomachache like you might get from other places... You'll just be extremely full! Oh, and the desserts are sooooo good too! I recommend this buffet to anyone and everyone out there!
3	Food was better when they first opened.  But since then, food has been going downhill. But I do love the wine. My parents always go here when they're in town because we live like 5 minutes away. Love the differant salads and there is always something for everyone. U always have to save room for dessert though.
4	Free alcohol! For the crab legs, they will cut it for you. Sushi is a little dry and small. The rice is also too dry. Their dessert is the best among wynn and wicked spoon. There aren't many creative dishes as wicked spoon but they offer many choices.
5	I personally believe this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. Fresh foods Great selection of beer and wines. They have great staff and the wait lines are fast as well. lots of food to choose from and also you can see the chef cooking so thats a plus.
2	Went at 6:30pm for a Friend's Birthday! The food was horrible. I've been here before with out of town family and the food was good. This time the food was dried out, a lot of the bowls were empty. I would ask how much longer and the chef just kept saying it's coming out I waited 10mins I had a glass of ciders while I waited. The only plus is that they have a really good free bottemless house cider.
5	Best buffet ever! All you can eat crab legs,Shrimp, prime rib, steaks AND the include alcohol!What else can you want? Perfect way to end an awesome Vegas weekend.
3	Studio B did satisfy every craving I had from BBQ to seafood (delicious) and they provide FREE beer and wine for dinner. However, their line is ridiculous. Not because of the alcohol, but because their dining room is small. My family and I waited in line for about 3 hours to be seated. We do not have to wait this long in the other buffets on the strip. Each time we attempted to give up and leave, the line started moving, so we decided to stay. There are 3 lines after you pay. 1 is for VIP, 1 is for parties of 5 or more, and the other is for 4 or less. My advice is to keep track of the groups around you because people like to take advantage of the line just to be seated asap. Parties of 3 were in the 5 or more line and were going to be seated before us (party of also 3) and we were there before them. My mother was livid and blew up on the seating hostess because they are not paying attention to the amount of people in the proper lines. We were sat before the other party of 3, but still! How many other parties did they do that to?? I do not recommend Studio B if you are starving because the wait will make everything worse.
3	Decent buffet place. Stopped by on our trip back home from Vegas. Food is all right , but not in the vicinity of the Vegas big boys.
5	Best buffet in Vegas! They have a huge variety of entrees and different types of food! The view, the ambiance, the decor is what makes its AWESOME, and the dessert tops it off. The dessert is what makes the buffet so unique.
4	Seafood buffet is offered during the weekends (Fri, Sat & Sun) for $39.99 which also includes beer and wine. There are lots of different varieties of food, but I came for the seafood so that's all I tried.The oysters on the half shell were disappointing. They were stacked on top of each other in a huge pile over ice so bits of grit and shell were mixed into the oysters. The crab legs were split open for easy eating and served over ice. They weren't salted enough during cooking so they were a bit bland. Baked mussels tasted spoiled, but the steamed mussels were good.Pili-pili shrimp was cooked well and  the sauce was tasty.Clams and salmon were decent. Fried shrimp tempura was crispy and good. The buffet also had Prime rib which was well seasoned and delicious. Served with au jus and horseradish cream sauce, yummy!All the deserts were sooooo good. Little bite sized pieces of everything were perfect after stuffing myself with all that seafood.
3	Came here cuz I heard all the rage about this place. I must say it was just OK... The line wasn't even that long, well inside the setup barricades, but I had to wait 2 hours!!! When we were seated I want to say at least 50% of the tables were still open... that is so ridiculous! The food was decent, but nothing blew my mind. I did like that beer on tap was included with your meal price, Over all, good bang for your buck.
2	Flies flying around ... Flies inside the salt shaker... And the food not replenished as used to be... It's Friday night dinner most exp$$$$ and when they add the crab legs They would drop on top of the new batch the left over from the previous badge ( non edible )...----taste and quality way less then used to be .... What a disappointment
1	I told their Executive office the Studio B, had fruit fly problem. They said they would let Executive Chef Durarte know. The Southern Nevada Health District came in and agents Tamara Gianinni, and her sup. Rose Henderson, said they saw NO VERIFIABLE COMPLAINT. I called their boss at the time Mr. Savage, at the time. I stated you better get these agents back out their to M Resort, or I will sue you personally! The very next day the same agents went back to Studio B, two of four buffet wait stations were infested with fruit flies. Soda dispensers needed more through cleaning. Made them eliminate the Asian Barbecue section. And food prep area was to close to back dumpster. So unless you like eating flies I would never eat their again, period.
5	GOOD GOLLY MISS MOLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!Now if you know me, you know that I love to eat. Now I typically don't do a lot of buffets because generally speaking I'm unable to eat a huge amount of food at one time. In order for me to really get my money's worth (or whomever I'm with money's worth) my stomach must be completely void of any food from a previous meal. I mean seriously. We got up one morning, stomachs growling and made the drive from the Aria to The M Resort (about 25 minutes or so) We were one of the first in line when they opened. Upon walking into Studio B, it was like the buffet pearly gates open and I heard harps playing and song birds chirping. Liker seriously. I don't ever in my natural life can recall seeing a buffet as grandiose as this one!There is like sooooooooooo much food. You name it, they had it. Ox tails (YUMMY) crab legs, fried shrimp, steamed shrimp, fried chicken, Mongolian BBQ, rack of lamb, prime rib, desserts GALORE. Amazing gelato (my goodness) Beer and wine included on the buffet. Sushi, steak, oysters, Chinese food, ribs......I mean everything!!!!! Everything was piping hot because they had just opened. This buffet did not disappoint, unlike the buffet at the Belagio. I will MOST definitely be back as soon as I get to Vegas.
1	I am very disappointed with the wait to get into the buffet.  The line is not moving and the hostesses seem very confused.  I don't think we will be returning.  We are locals and  our next visit will be to Bachannal.   No system in tact.   Poor management
2	My husband and I went here on a Saturday around 3pm. We had no problems with lines or seating. Our waiter was very nice and on top of things. However, we were not impressed with the food. There was a decent selection of food, but the taste was very bland and the desserts were so-so. We expected more from an $86.46(including tax) meal. The mimosas were nice and refreshing and the fact that, that and beer and wine is included is great! All in all, the food wasn't the worst we've ever had, but it surely was not the best and with that price tag, for us, it was not worth it.
5	This is the buffet inside the M resort about 15 minutes away from the strip. The hotel and the buffet are great.This easily in my opinion  is a top 5 buffet in Vegas out of all the major hotels on the strip. The food is fresh, the crab legs were awesome and wait for it....... UNLIMITED BEER, WINE, CHAMPAGNE included in the price!!! Ya the price is $40 a person but....that's the price of all buffets in Vegas, this one just has an added bonus of unlimited alcohol! Give this buffet a try. It's worth it. Food, drinks, dessert are all great.
4	Not too shabby for the price you pay. There's a large variety of foods, an alcohol bar, and a huge dessert section. I came for lunch. The highlights of my meal included a berry cider, really juicy prime rib, shrimp, grilled vegetables, creme brulee, and all the ice creams.
2	Disappointing.  Crab legs were a bit dry, prime rib was overcooked, lamb was overcooked, The gentlman in charge of the carving station needs instruction on the doneness of meat.  The Carnivore prefers his beef so rare that he can see it slightly pulsing from its still beating heart.  He will settle begrudging for medium rare on occasion, but this prime rib was way too dead.  Nothing protein related was edible.  There were a few dessert items that were okay, but this was a dud.  The hype, at least on this night, proved to be completely unwarranted.  The single bright point was our server.  She was great.  Drinks were kept full, plates were cleared promptly, and she was cheerful.  Studio B includes adult beverages, but should consider making this an optional upgrade, or offering a lower price to those of us who might not be drinking.The Carnivore will not return to this establishment.
5	The buffet reminds me of my days dreaming about unlimited food. With unlimited supply. Its just sooooo good! I could stay here all day! Oh, and did I mention its also cheap? Hahaha.
3	This buffet does NOT have crab legs.  They have about anything else you can imagine including great sushi but the crab legs is definitely a deal breaker.  The desserts were excellent as well as the prime rib and pizza.  The pita bread for the hummus was hard and the salmon was very dried out.One strange thing that was going on was that multiple people had their shoes off and were walking around barefoot getting food. I found it COMPLETELY disgusting and was shocked management did not do something about this or notice as I did.I am one of the hardest people to please with service and the server we had was THE best server I have ever had in a buffet.  I believe she may have been African but she 100% should be recognized for her GREAT service.
3	My mom is a local so we typically don't go to the strip when I am visiting.  The M Resort is one of the non-strip casinos she frequents.  As a local, she gets lots of free buffet coupons.  I also got one recently.  The line for the buffet is typically long but today it was quite short.  We actually got to go to the comp line and got in right away.  We did have to wait for a table for a bit as the hostess was consumed with some big groups that had arrived after us. She definitely forgot about us for a bit and I had to get the attention of one of the other hostesses. The food on the buffet is overall very good but the selection seems limited to me.  There are lots of different cuisines but not a lot of any one thing.  I always enjoy the salad bar at a buffet and this buffet basically does not have one.  They had lettuce but no toppings.  I did enjoy the Asian food and some of the mixed salads.  Since we got in free, it was definitely a good meal but not sure I would pay the full cost to go there again.
5	Prime rib is awesome!  All the food is fresh.  Delicious. It's a great deal if you have a 2 for 1 coupon :)
1	They don't offer the California resident discount anymore. The line in front was forever long but the inside was not even crowded. Beer, wine, espresso is unlimited. That is probably the only reason we come back. Food at buchannal in ceasars is much much better quality especially now that they charge full price of 39.99 plus tax. The oysters are never fresh and the last time we had it we were not feeling good. Why I come back because apparently my friends are alcoholics and love the fact they can drink and eat at a buffet. As for service hah what service? Barely see them but oh well really don't need service really.
2	Service is absolutely horrible. Staff seems completely lost and unaware of how to do their job. They were rude and said they are understaffed. If you are understaffed all day every day, isn't it obvious you need to staff more?Managers clearly don't read these nor do they care about customer service or else these issues would be addressed.It's a "self serve" buffet, yet the staff can't seem to clean tables and get people seated in a timely matter. 1 hr in line and they have moved roughly 20-30 people the whole time.  She had the nerve to say to me "1 person can only clean so many tables."  Every idiot knows that, except the one that only thought to staff 1 person to do that job.  All this time thee are 3-4 employees hanging around chit chatting with each other doing nothing.
1	Came on a Monday at 230pm. Line was ridiculously long and when I asked the host why she retorted "We have plenty of tables but not enough bus boys to clean. One person can only clean so much." With no apology I might add. Horrible front of house service!!!!
5	Ever since me and my mom spend thanksgiving weekend at m and used my player card to play slot machine, m resort will sent me free buffet every two month and constantly have comp room during weekend. Studio B is my husbands favorite, he love crab leg and I love their prime ribs. Alcohol is free and not bad for a drink or two ^^
1	Stood in line for hours and when you get to the front of the line, you will understand why you were waiting so incredibly long.  The most disorganized staff I've ever seen. Definitely not up to 'Vegas' standard. My family and I were so pissed that by the time we got up to the front of the line we didn't care how good the food was because the customer service was so awful. Not going back.
4	I've only come here for the lunch buffet, which is a steal at $15 during the week. Sure, the buffet isn't massive, but they have a lot of options here. It's divided into different types of cuisine such as asian, mexican, and american. Their thai food was actually pretty good. And their dessert is amazing!! I have no complaints there. A plus is that they have wine, beer and coffee drinks that are already included into the price, so you just have to tip them.
4	The wait is worth it! After waiting more than an hour in line for a Father's Day lunch, I was pleased with the amount of choices and the quality of the food! I don't remember what I got because it's been two weeks but you guys should definitely try their pad thai! Amazing! Definitely save some room for the dessert because most of the dessert is perfect. My favorite was the brownie, fudgy goodness. I tried some in Atlantic City a while ago and it tasted even better! A few critiques about this buffet:- The TV shows that there's French macaroons, but they only have coconut macaroons, but they were still delicious!-The beef that they cut up for you looks kind of disgusting...- The wait isn't because there's too many people (the buffet is huge!) The problem is that there's a lack of waitors to clean the tables. When we walked in, there were so many empty tables that just needed to be cleaned up.Overall, this was one of my favorite buffets and I would definitely be back next year (:
2	So disappointed.  Didn't know menu is different on weekdays - was so looking forward to eat crab legs.  The buffet choices use to be better - so few things available.   Dessert items are still delicious.
4	I'm not a big fan of Buffett's. When ever we have friends and family come to town they all seem to want to hit up the buffett lines (Oh Boy!!!) I have to say, this buffet is better than all of the buffets I have been to on the strip. The price was about $24 each. The caliber of food was much higher than typical buffets. I'm more about quality than quantity, fortunately this buffet has both. The only reason I did not give it five stars is because its a buffet and I am a fan however I do not believe that any buffet can achieve a 5 star rating.
5	Great Sunday Brunch!! Getting fuel up before my race tonight!! Rock n Roll Las Vegas Nighttime Half Marathon!! Thanks Tita lilia for the free meal, she's the winner to eat for a life time here at Studio B!!
4	Before Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon, the buffet at M resort was probably my second favorite after Wynn and Bellagio.  Nowadays, the buffet list has shifted a bit as Bacchanal is king for me.  However, the M resort buffet is still a very good buffet. It's usually the buffet I go either on the way into Vegas or on the way back home since it's nowhere near the strip.  It's also the only buffet that I've been to that includes beer, wine, or champagne without an upcharge.  The selections here are your typical premium buffet options such as crab legs, sushi, a carving station, good dessert bar, etc.  It's clean and I like that there's a lot of room to maneuver around the food stations.  Come here and stuff your face before you head back to Cali.
2	Update - still getting VIP line passes etc, so we keep going, despite a steady decline in food options. There is no more brunch buffet on the weekends, it's just regular all day stuff. A weekend morning brunch without breakfast items is the height of idiocy. No smoked salmon anymore, no omelette station anymore, no eggs benedict or any of that stuff. Weak.At the register, there are three lines - regular folks, Line pass holders, and guest / Producer and above status. I'm holding a producer status and line passes, and there were two groups waiting at the line pass, nobody at he guest/frequent player line, and nobody at  the regular line. I showed my card at the frequent player line, and was told by the chick behind the counter that she wouldn't be able to help me there, because my card expired last month. What ? There wasn't even a single person at the regular joe schmo line. Way to treat your customers.  Instead of walking to the other end of the casino to wait in line and get a new card, I walked around to the regular line (where not a single soul was waiting) and went right in.Shitty customer service, food getting progressively worse. There is really no good reason to come here, other than to burn through your comps.
5	This is my third time eating at studio b by far one of the best buffets in vegas. It's a bit pricey but the food is tremendously good. Everything from the prime rib to the lamb. The variety of salad dishes are phenomenal. The service is pretty good too. But I've got to say I'm very impressed i hope they keep the great dishes and change little from this buffet it's probably one of the classiest in town. If your in Vegas do check it out. It's nice that they have unlimited drinks also but trust me that is not the highlight.
1	This used to be a long-time favorite of ours but we had a horrible experience this year. Went at 7PM on a Tuesday. There was no one in front of us in line, but the cashier kept talking on phone and would not look at us. When I motioned to other cashier on other side of desk, she turned her back to us. When we did get in (maybe 12-15 minutes later), the popular food dishes were almost empty, and the few workers behind the counters were not in a hurry to make more available despite requests. The server brought first round of drinks rapidly but no straws then disappeared for 30-40 minutes (he later said he got a party of 25 in the next seating area). Price has not gone down but the overall experience has seriously declined. Too bad because this used to be my #1 favorite place before the change in ownership and management.
3	$40 for lunch is a big lunch.  The seafood is meh.  Everything is meh, but there's a lot of everything to eat.  Best part is free alcohol and espressos.  Why can't they do that in every buffet?
2	Food is good and the free wine and beer are a big plus.  Having said that, it's not what it used to be and the line is RIDICULOUS!   I got in line at 1:40 this afternoon and 50 minutes later, I've made it about halfway through.  I know the place is not full, I looked.  This same scenario happened two weeks ago, as well, but I thought I'd give in one more try.  As an M card carrying local, not cool.  Safe to say I won't be doing this again anytime soon.
2	Terrible. I came here expecting delicious food at an amazing price and left feeling disappointed. The quality of the food was seriously lacking and comparable to Hometown Buffet. The prime rib and baby back ribs were overcooked. The sushi tasted worse than the sushi you find at a gas stations--with undercooked rice and tasteless fish! I'd Rather spend $50 and eat at a better buffet.
4	I would say this is the second best buffet in las vegas. BELLAGIO is my favorite because of the chilian seabass. STUDIO buffet has the best prime rib though.
5	I wish I can give this 10 stars. Fabulous buffet. Worth the 40 or so bucks a person. The food is amazing. Always fresh. The dessert selection is so awesome. Everything about it is just fantastic. Highly recommended.
4	Food is great. The line takes about 45 minutes.  I guess the quality of the food beats out the time a person has to wait.    Overall, the food is very good.  The staff are great.  Mo took care of us.
5	I always stop here either on my way to Vegas or on the way home. Love their food. Desserts are so worth it. It opens at 11am so I was one of the first ones there.  $40 a person. King crab legs are amazing.Their flan and tiramisu...by far the best. Their meats are delicious as well. Beer, champagne, and other alchy was included. You need to eat here. The price is cheaper than other buffets in Vegas too. Just eat here and thank me later. You won't regret it.
5	All I can say is WOW, their buffet is amazing. They have a variety of desserts, including ice cream. The chicken fajitas were tasty. They had mini shrimp in some kind of sauce i ate like 3 dozen of those alone. The M sider was amazing. Unlimited drinks and beer was something new, most las vegas buffets don't offer that. I usually come here every month, because the buffet is that good.
5	Ox tail?! Omg. Food is delicious.  Surprisingly good food and good service. Arguably the best and most affordable buffet in Vegas. Definitely a must.
5	We are here on Wed. First the service amazing wonderful (Don N Sylvin).They clean up the plates right away for u. Napkin, drinks u don't need to ask they were refilled for u even u r not done yet. The place is clear N a lot of space between tables. We love the food N dessert here too.
3	I probably came at the wrong time (dinner) and the wait lines were ridiculously long. I probably had to wait an hour to get inside and the manager seemed to be incompetent with handling patrons that night. The food overall was alright. The vegetables were excellent and so were the side dishes, but the steak was very tough and chewy and kind of lacked flavor. The way the food stations were setup was kind of confusing at first since it was one giant food station compared to specialized food stations. Service was average and the ambiance was nice. Overall, this buffet is nice, but I'd much rather head to the Carnival at Rio or Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace for the same money.
2	Decor is nice. Food is decent. However, service is way below par for a place like this. The wait just to get in was extremely painful.  There were lots of tables available. ..but took like 15 min after we paid in order to get seated.  I found out why after we got our food. They are severely under staffed. Every time we needed something, the waitress would just pass us by because she was dealing with a million things at once. Not her fault, but then she looked grumpy...and the lack of service shows. Probably won't be back.
2	I tried the Sunday seafood , I was very disappointed with the seafood,  very bad quality,  oyster was very old!  I can't believe they charge 40 for that quality.  I only eat one oyster. The prime rib is good, my two star is vote for the rib and dessert only.
2	The positives: prime rib, kalbi, ox tail soup, wine & beer included in the price.The negatives:  all the seafood tasted old.  The crawfish tasted especially bad.Overall, I would not come back even for the price they are offering for this buffet.
5	Best idea ever. If you're heading out from socal, stop here before heading into Vegas. The only downside is that the line gets ridiculously long. We waited an hour and a half... but what's a Vegas buffet without the wait?The food was good. We were starving by the time we got in, so everything tasted amazing. The prime rib was a little dry and too well done for my liking, but it was still good with the au jus and the horseradish. Crab legs...well, I can eat those for days. I did get a lot of the korean style short ribs. It was very delicious!! I don't personally eat oysters, but they didn't look as fresh and my friend also said that they didn't taste as good. All the other things I tried were pretty good (oxtail soup, fried gyozas, lobster mac&cheese, shrimp scampi, veggie pad thai, stuff I don't remember)Their desserts bar is decent. I love love getting all the desserts in the little cups. My favorite is the panna cotta with the rasberry compote on top. The pistachio one with chocolate is pretty good too. I didn't really try any of the baked goods. They have THAI TEA GELATO.. which taste exactly like thai tea. so yummy. UNLIMITED ALCOHOL!! They don't have an extensive list of alcohol available but they do have a variety. I believe they have a red/white wine, champagne, cider, and beer. They also have this root beer (non-alcoholic) that is very good. It's like one of those hand crafted root beers..not like A&W. Overall, great food and great price. Even if you had to pay the $40.. it's not bad for a seafood buffet and unlimited alcohol. I would definitely come here again! :)
4	My favorite buffet in Vegas! All you can drink mimosas and hard cider! YES!!!!  I dream about this place and swear ill visit every trip to Vegas, I usually don't, but it's a great buffet. I have to agree with others regarding freshness and why there is so many open tables when there is a big line. I've gone twice and by the grace of God have been able to get right in on a weekend both times. Ill return to this buffet every chance i get!
5	Here is another five star. Both myself and my husband agree to that. The food was great.The wait was really long for a buffet. Then abouT 20 minuTes in line, at 1:30 in the afternoon. Couldn't figure out why it took so long, there were quite a few empty tables when we walked in.Service was pretty good we had a really nice waitress.The lamb shoulder was way too gamey for me. The creamed spinach didn't work for either one of us. Evrrything else we tried was really good. I tried a little bit of as much as I possibly could ;-)Beer and wine are included. So I try something I never had the cider. It's called the M cider. It's made specifically for the M hotel. And it's really good. I'm hoping at some time they bottle and sell it.
2	This buffet has garnered a lot of attention as being one of the best buffets in Las Vegas which i really disagree withLocated at the M, go during the lunch hours to avoid long lines during dinner.  Seafood buffet is offered all weekend for $39.99 offering shrimp, crabs and oysters.Now to go into why I don't think this buffet is all that great is that they really don't offer anything special in terms of food.  Oysters? Crabs? Shrimp? these are available in almost any las vegas buffet.  The other choices of food are pretty standard (salad bar, pizza, asian).  They offer "sushi' which is a paper thin slab of cheap fish they put on a big mound of rice.  The soup here is good in particular the miso soup but no one pays that much for miso soup.  My previous review of the bellagio buffet earns its high ratings because of king and snow crab options, steak tartar, pesto shrimp pizza, rack of lamb and real cuts of sushi.  Yes they do offer free alcohol (beer, wine and alcohol cider) but to me, its not a big wow factor. The cider they serve here is really good, I would recommend trying that than any other alcoholic options.Dessert area is okay but nothing spectacularOverall: Best buffet in Las Vegas? Not too sure about that since their options are pretty standard amongst other buffets, check out bellagio's buffet and you'll see what a quality buffet looks like
4	Friday lunch time was when we hit this buffet. I beat the weekend crowd and weekend price. Was happy with the bargain and wide variety of food selection at this buffet.Top three buffet in Vegas behind Bacchanal and Wynn.
4	According to various reviews, this is the best buffet in Vegas.  For the seafood price of $39.99 I was hoping for lobster tail, but I had to settle for lobster macaroni and cheese and lobster bisque. Both were excellent. It helps that the crab legs are cut open now,but that was already the case at Valley View Casino in the San Diego area. The sushi selection was limited to cut rolls,which were all right.  Having the option of adding wine, gelato, and cappuccino probably sets this buffet apart from others, but I don't drink wine.
4	Hungry? Looking for a top tier Vegas buffet? Coming or leaving Vegas? Is it a Weekday? If you answer these questions "YES" then you need to read no further. Studio B is the best option for you. Put it into your phone GPS and start making your way over. Studio B started a trend that the Cosmopolitanism and Caesars have been following up on in recent years of revamping the quality of the Vegas buffet. It's lost its new charm and appeal, but is still a damn good option for a large meal in the city of sin. Studio B being off the strip is often less popular for the mass crowds. Its clientele is a little different, but that's okay. The food is well worth the drive. Weekday pricing of ~$25 is an unbelievable deal considering the quality that you are receiving. Almost everything here is good, even if you are not coming on seafood night. Meats, Asian, Italian, American, Mexican, the staples are all here. They even serve limitless draft beer, cider, root beer, and wines for your enjoyment. Something most other places will make you pay an extra premium for. The deserts are top tier also with a myriad of gelato and pastries. Seriously, Studio B is a great option if you're looking for a budgeted Vegas buffet experience. Make the drive.
5	This by far is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  There is a wide selection of food served in smaller size portions to insure fresher food. Buffet includes beer or wine should you desire.  The desserts are so worth it.  I always leave more than full.  The line fills up fast so get there with time to spare.  It's worth the wait.
2	I wouldn't come back. Pretty wide variety of food, but everything was meh in quality. Crab legs were not meaty and completely flavorless. Blehhh! Beer and wine are included in the price, but the selection is bad quality.
5	Great food. Everything was divine. Free drinks, great service.The only thing would be to hire more cashiers. The line was to long.
2	You get a great variety at this buffet, but the food wasn't all that great. In all fairness, I like to get sushi at Vegas buffets. In this case, the variety was limited and the rice was hardened by the time I put it on my plate. The best part was the prime rib, and the beer/wine are free with admission too.
5	Outstanding! Highlights: crab legs (both steamed and cool), Mediterranean (baba ghanoush, dolmas, olives, cheeses, cold cuts), korean (kimchi, short ribs), japanese (sushi, sashimi salad, tempura veggies).Extensive desserts, espresso bar, gelato!!!Free alcohol, which attracted people that couldn't handle their drinks!!CA residents get $5 off through the month of October!!Would go back just for the fact that I can have a good short espresso after my meal!!
3	A little disappointed that the quality of some of the items I used to enjoy there has gone down a lot.  The sushi is now the same stuff you can get a gas station convenient store and the crab legs have very little meat on them and lack flavor. Otherwise the cooked food selection has remained the same and they still offer beer and wine with the buffet.  So overall it was a let down to see this happen.
4	my fav buffet in vegas. however, sometimes the quality is not as great. The seafood section can be more fresh if possible. but overall, it's still a great deal compared to other buffets.
1	Don't go to the Sunday seafood buffet if you want fresh food. Not worthy of the $39.99. The crab was just OK. The cold shrimp were dreadful. They poured way too much ice on it so they became flavorless and soggy. The prime rib and dessert was pretty good though. But everything else was just not like it used to be. When they first opened they really payed attention to detail. Now it seems like management just don't give a crap cause it showed in the food.
1	Horrible horrible service. A line that does not look long will take an hour to get seated. You will see plenty of empty tables but they will refuse to seat people for some inexplicable reason. This is not how to treat customers. Avoid unless you enjoy waiting an hour in line and then looking around at at a half empty restaurant.
4	PROS:- A lot of yummy cuisine options including Japanese, Chinese, Thai, Korean, Mexican, and Italian- The chefs were on top of it, food was constantly being replenished- Our waiter was a nice guy who's originally from New York.  We never had to ask for a refill of our drinksCONS:- The orange chicken wasn't good- The dessert is disappointing.  I tried 6 and liked zero, so don't make room for it
4	Pros: Good food, good selection, great deserts. Cons: Long waits to get a table and the weekend buffet will cost you some serious money.
5	Went there last year 2013.  It was one of the best deals around, and the food is excellent for it's price and location off strip.  Ox tail was my favorite.  The high point is the free alcohol.  But I think the point is that they want you drunk so you can't drive away and have to stay and gamble for a few hours.  That's exactly what I do every time I go there!  But if you gamble with enough points, you get the meal for free!  It's easy enough to get the points within about 2 hrs of heavy play.
3	Came here on a Sunday night for the Seafood Buffet ($39) and waited about 30 minutes. Visually I was very impressed with the open layout if the restaurant. The decor is consistent with the rest of the M resort and is clean, modern and appealing. The food selection was great- from fresh seafood (crab legs, shrimp cocktail, oysters, etc..) to sushi, to a meat station (prime rib, lamb, and turkey), to a great array of Chinese food (even oxtail!), Italian (pastas and pizzas), decent salad bar, large dessert bar and an actual open bar (stocked with unlimited beer and wine)... Yes, unlimited beer and wine!FYI- my review might be a little biased because I don't eat crab legs. The selections looked great but the taste didn't really measure up. Everything tasted fine but nothing really stood out. My favorite was the oxtail and I definitely recommend trying that.  Like some of the other reviews, the dessert bar looked awesome but there was only one thing that I liked- the coconut macaron. Everything else was too sweet and didn't have much specialness. Really disappointed in the gelato. We tried the Thai ice tea and coffee flavored ones and as odd as this sounds, it was too sweet and rich. It was difficult to eat more than a couple spoonfuls. They also serve coffee/cappuccinos near the dessert bar, which is a plus. Unfortunately, our server was not great- very slow and not attentive. Definitely not a bad deal if you are super hungry and are looking for quantity and decent food. For the Seafood Buffet price, I was hoping for a little more. I might be more interested in paying the lower price the rest of the nights.
4	Good value lots of localsI think the Seafood buffet was not that great but the food is good on any of their other parts.  Ice cream is very good, Lunch is my favorite here, also there is beer and wine.Tail soup is delicious, sometimes they have lamb and great prime rib.Get Sambucca in your Cappucino and a shot on the side.
4	Always delicious choices.  Great variety.  Lines usually very long unless you have a line pass.  Employees very nice.  A little pricey on weekends unless you have a free coupon.  Desserts my favorite.  Creme brullet to die for.
5	Our go-to local buffet. It's clean and spacious and the food are all well seasoned & cooked. Check out their dessert counter...excellent selections!!! Great customer service as well.
5	The food is fabulous. Got my fill of hummus and pita before delving into Italian and Asian cuisine. The dessert bar is awesome. Espressos and cappuccinos, along with gelato and ice cream. The carrot cake is the bomband well as all of their bakery delights. My hubby enjoyed the prime rib. I based the price on the lunch buffet. The dinner buffet is 3 stars as far as the price is concerned. A must-stop on every trip to Vegas.
2	This used to be one of the stand out buffets in town. It has been slowly going downhill. I went today for lunch and to my dismay, they have totally gutted their dessert station.  Where they once had unique and sometimes very good desserts, they now have a few items that seem like they have been shipped in and the dessert shelves are literally sitting empty.  Now they offer just the gelato, a few cookies, brownies, and a few other items. Gone are the hot chocolate cakes, the creme brulee, the flan, the crepes, the chocolates...all the things that made their desserts one of the better ones in town. A lot of their food still looks good but the taste of their food has been slowly getting worse. Their meatballs used to be some of the best in town and now it is so tough as to be inedible.  I think they have been replacing higher cost ingredients with lower cost ones and it is getting to the point that it is really noticeable. I used to regularly travel here from the other side of town to enjoy the buffet and their casino. But with the slow slide down and the recent gutting of their desserts, I doubt I will be back anytime soon. If I want grocery level cookies and gelato and really cheap ingredients, I can go to any of the super cheap buffets in town closer to home.
3	I really want to give this place more stars but I really can't. Don't get me wrong, the place is beautiful with it's screen tvs above the buffet, the buffet setup, the food but a few things that bothered me. The wait to get in was ridiculous! There were visible empty tables yet it took almost an hour to get in!
5	The price, taste, and service can not be beat. You will not be disappointed.
5	I'm still in love with this buffet. $ 39.99 for the dinner seafood buffet. U will enjoy each bite!  Can I get a complimentary buffet already?
5	Hands down the BEST buffet in Vegas. I am comparing them with the Wynn, Bellagio and Caesar Palace. First, their price is awesome. Because we are from Cali they gave us a $5 off per person for dinner so it ends up around $35 per for Sat dinner. Second, all you can drink wine and beer! The buffet comes with free wine and beer which is unheard of. Other buffet will charge you $12.99 for the same quality.Third, food selection is wonderful. Weekends are seafood buffet but for someone who can't eat seafood they still have an awesome selection. Did I mention they have roast lamb?! The juicy rosemary roast lamb itself is worth the price. Their quality of food is as good as any buffet on the strip. If you have time to drive 15 mins out of the strip, this is the place you should try.* Had their breakfast one other time and they really made a good impression by filing every station with delicious food, love this place.Waiting time: Sat dinner at 6pm, waited for 5 minutes to get seated. You can't find that anywhere else on the strip. Sunday breakfast waited 15 minutes but still worth it!!!
4	Excellent choice for a seafood buffet in Vegas....a bit of a locals option as it is actually located in Henderson.  So many choices of seafood to choose from with the crab legs being the clear showcase item on the night we visited.  In addition, they also had a great selection of other proteins, pasta, salads, and an amazing assortment of desserts.  Try this while in the Vegas area! Free wine or beer included in the price.
3	Yes free beer & wine all you can eat buffets where can you find :). The food was okay probably will not come back!
5	One of the best buffet out of the strip. Hands down!!!Very fancy. We came on the weekday and we got the deal $16.99 I believe.I enjoyed their entrees. They have different varieties of food from Asian, Italian, Mexican, American food. Prime ribs, crawfish, crab legs, diff types of seafood, sushi, you name it all.I love their dessert!!! They got everything and it all looks appetizing.Don't forget to order some wine Pinot Noir ;-) and I also got some caramel latte on the side. I was probably drinking from 3-4 glasses. I really enjoyed it here. The atmosphere is exquisite. Very modern. Staff were great! Food was DELICIOUS. Now I'm done.
5	One of my favorites when I'm in Vegas! Reasons: Large selections like my favorite ox tails (mainly come for those!) and Manhattan clam chowder (one of the best I have had where they put LOTS of clams in there too!), good quality, good selections of desserts + gelato + a barista who can make lattes for you!! To all the sweet tooth and coffee people you would love that! Nothing is better than a nice cup of latte and not some plain coffee after a nice big meal!! Forgot to mention all you can drink beer on tap, wine and champagne...even better!! So there is something for everyone!! If you go during weekdays for lunch its only $15.99!!  If you go during dinner on the weekends, main difference is crab legs, a little more sashimi options, and a few other seafood items (oysters,mussels,lobster bisque soup). If you dont care too much for seafood....than its better to go during lunch time and pay almost half the cost.
4	One of the best buffets in Las Vegas.  Prime rib and crab legs are a must. Great food!
5	Been here twice this week. Great quality and food selection. Clean and good ambiance. Love the crab legs and fresh oysters. Yum! Highly recommended.
4	I have dined here several times when I'm really hungry.   It has been at various times of the day to experience the different menus.  Getting in line, paying and being seated can be a little bothersome.  This process shouldn't take long but at times it's like watching paint dry.  One of my visits went quick so I guess it depends on who is working.  The waitstaff I've had have been good.  Initially they have all brought drinks right away.  Sometimes they take longer to come back and check on the table but recently they've been better about it.  The buffet here is better than many of the other local casino buffets. I feel the variety is good for any palette type.  The empty bins are replaced fairly quickly.  The desserts are also good with a big gelato selection, sugar free desserts and coffee bar.   I do enjoy this buffet and many of our out of town guests love it.
4	California residents get $5 off if you show ID.  Yes!The line wasn't that long.  It was about a 10-15 minute wait around 1pm on a Sunday.  Too bad I was driving.  I would've drank some wine.  Anyway, my friend and I hit up every section at the buffet.  Some of the meats were good, others were dry, the sushi wasn't that great, nor was the orange chicken.  I loved the seafood.  I ate a lot of that.  Some of the rice were good, others not so much.  The fries weren't that great, the pizza was okay.  The mashed potatoes and meatballs were delicious.  Some of the salads were pretty good also.  Overall, I was satisfied.  I was stuffed to the max.  This buffet has pretty much everything.  The dessert section was pretty broad.  The gelato was the best thing there.  This buffet is not the greatest, but it will fulfill some of your taste buds.  We had an amazing waitress.  She always came around every time we needed something.
4	Seafood buffet in Vegas with beer/wine/champagne included? SCORE!I've been to this buffet twice (luckily when there wasn't too long of a wait time) and it didn't disappoint. Yes, the star of the show is the extensive seafood collection, including endless crab legs and fresh oysters. But their soups are also delicious - who doesn't love clam chowder with lots of clams in every spoonful? I also loved their tempura shrimp and prime rib. What I didn't enjoy from the entree section was their sushi and Kalbi short ribs - the sushi fish wasn't very fresh and the short ribs were sitting out for awhile, so they were grisly and tough to chew. What is most impressive is their dessert selection, with a multitude of delicious mini-desserts (I ate 2 creme brulees), gelato ice cream and a full service espresso/coffee bar! It was an awesome way to fulfill a sweet tooth craving without feeling stuffed after the huge buffet.I should also mention California residents get $5 off with ID - interesting concept since we're in Vegas, but I'm not complaining! Though it's off the Strip, if you can find a ride there, it's worth it!
1	This Buffet Used To Be Great, But It Has Gone Horribly South. Staff Had Gotten Ruder, Food Had Gotten Worse & They Don't Serve Breakfast Foods Anymore?! What's Up With That? Don't Go To This Buffet Until They Change It Back! I Know We Won't!!
4	For the price, this place isn't bad.  Came here on a Sunday night with our CA driver's licenses to get $5 off.  There was surprisingly no wait for our party of 7, possible because of the fact that it was a Sunday and the Rock and Roll marathon was taking place.  There is a good variety of food- salads, pizza, asian, soups, prime rib and of course seafood.  Desserts also had a good variety.Service was variable throughout the night.  Despite it not being too busy, we found that we would be out of drinks and our plates would be stacking up pretty fast.
5	This place is amazing. Service is great, the place is super clean, the food is really good, and the desserts are to kill for. Honestly nothing more to say.
3	Not impressed.I've heard so many people rave about this buffet, so I guess my standards were set a bit too high for this buffet.  I waited like a good girl in the super long line, looking forward to the delicious I had been told would be well worth it.Worth it?  Meh.The food seemed like just regular buffet food.  The oysters were not good (not fresh or something to that effect because I could barely eat one).  Now I understand that it's a buffet, but I expected better.  After going one round and trying different foods that looked like it would be worth it, I used all the eating space I had left loading up the crab legs.  That was this buffet's shining star for me, which made it a 3 star instead of lowering it down to a 2.  The crab legs.  I had A LOT.  Nice meaty crab legs, and all the crabs I could eat too.  I'm surprised my allergies didn't start acting up.  But if they had, it would have been worth it.Studio B ... Yes ... just keep those crab legs stocked!
4	Studio B earns a solid second place on my "Best Vegas Buffets" list. They earn some serious points for including alcohol and specialty coffee in the price of the buffet. We had to wait about 20 minutes on a Saturday at noon for a table for 2. Because of the included alcohol, I think people linger at tables a lot longer. You know, it's a buffet. There's not much unique and special. The prime rib I had from the carving area was some of the best I've had on a buffet. Nothing else was super outstanding but it was all very good. I thought the desserts were above par, but then so are most desserts at the other great buffets.I didn't like that you had to pick up your specialty drinks like buffet items. For example, beer and wine had to be picked up from a separate counter. Lattes, espressos, etc had to be picked up from the ice cream area. I was able to get a coffee with bailey's but again, had to go get it myself. I'm not opposed to this idea completely, but each of the folks serving drinks had a place to drop tips and all our actual server did was drop water and pick up our dirty plates.Speaking of dirty plates, ours lingered on our table a little longer than I liked. We also noticed a number of flies in the area which wasn't a pleasant feeling. To recap, this is an excellent buffet, with the following exceptions: potential long waits, getting your own drinks, mediocre service, and of course, the long drive from the strip.
4	Although Studio B is a little far from the strip, it is one most favorite Buffet in last Vegas for the price.  I have eaten here many times and I always to make it a point to eat here when I am in Las Vegas.  I was finally able to make it to Vegas on the weekend when they have the Seafood Buffet, which was nothing much more special than the normal buffet beside having Oysters and Crab.   The Buffet is huge and quality of the food is really good.  California residents also get a discount.
4	Great Service. Friendly Staff. Went with a big group (9) we were sat very quickly. Food was good for a buffet style. A lot of variety of food.
5	Great food here. They have everything from sushi to mashed potatoes to salads. Plus the free beer/wine bar isn't looking too bad. I recommend this place.
5	All you can drink beer and wine made this great buffet even greater. I love the salmon salad,  the Korean BBQ short ribs. They were so great.  I will be back!
3	I found out this place caters to our neighboring California state residents. No offense to them, but I don't understand why you would cater to out of state residents, rather than the locals...maybe you would get more local foot traffic if you catered to your own?
4	Fantastic buffet for $17 at lunch.  All you can eat plus unlimited beverages to include Shock Top Belgian White beer.  Good selection to include Japanese, Mexican, Cajun, Meat Carving station, soap and salad bar, fresh bread.  Make sure you save room for dessert.  Awesome gelato and dessert bar, not to mention coffee and expression!  Very good quality.
3	As buffets go, this one was a step above the average buffet. At $40 per person, it really is a bit more expensive than I'm used to paying for a buffet, but the food was good, and there was also unlimited beer and wine: always a win.We came out on Saturday afternoon around 3:30pm for a post-wedding dinner.  We had a party of 16, and were seated right away.The selection of food is super varied.  Pizza, dolmas (stuffed grape leaves), pastas, oysters, salads, snow crab legs, mussells, lamb, prime rib, chicken...It was really a good, diverse buffet!I had:Cesar salad: very good. not overly dressed. Fresh lettuce.Mushroom ravioli with alfredo sauce:  amazing.  I had seconds.Lobster mac n cheese:  a little bland, but big hunks of lobster!  I added some salt and it was good.Oysters:  meh.  I'm a little cautious of eating seafood like this at a buffet.  They were ok, but not the best oysters I've had.Baked potato:  it needed salt, but the cheese and bacon was great.  Corn salad: YUM.  really delicious.Lobster bisque: delicious.  quite possibly the best lobster bisque I've ever had.Pho broth: no thanks.  It smelled great, but was not good.Domas:  actually pretty decent.  Not super fresh, but they were good.My fella had a TON of crab legs, and his only complaint was that they were pre split.  We have crab a lot, and he's much faster cracking and splitting his own, but he said they were cooked well.  Dessert:  Whatever the tiny little cup of hazelnut and chocolate was THAT was my favorite.  The tiramisu shooter was ok, and the fruit panna cotta was good too.Its a bit spendy for me, really, but if it was another special occasion, I would definitely go back.
5	The free flowing wine won me over for sure!, but definitely one of my first choice for best and cleanest buffet in Vegas! The seafood are fresh, king crab legs galore indeed. Other food choices are just as fresh and good, and there are a lot, Indian, sushi, prime rib...as well as desserts.The wait is long but service is great and friendly always. A friend told that you come in around end of lunch to pay the price and stay til beginning of dinner. What a deal!!You can't go wrong with this buffet when it comes to good food and service. It's the first stop when you get to Vegas before allThe chaos at the strip.
3	Went to the special Friday seafood buffet.  Not worth the price for what they give you!.  This Buffet used to be among the best in Las Vegas.  There is nothing special about some crab legs, a few crawfish, and lobster mac & cheese.  The rest of their buffet was their usual offerings which are pretty good. Stick to their daily buffets rather than any special offering.
4	This is my second favorite buffet near Las Vegas area.  The selection was impeccable.  The seafood was fresh.  And the taste was remarkable.  The price was comparable with the other high end casinos on the strip, but the food here was much more impressive.  I love the open atmosphere and inviting feel of this place.  The lines can get quite long so  make sure to get there early.  This place beats the price on my favorite buffet, the Bucannal at Cesears Palace.  The food comes a close second.  All in all, I will be back to this buffet.
3	It's fair to say that the hype for this restaurant has been mounting for years. I have been wanting to go but for convenience purposes, most of my trips in the past couple of years have involved me flying into Vegas so getting a cab out just to go to this buffet didn't seem quite worth it.The unlimited beer and wine is a nice touch but the food didn't hit out of the park like people have been telling me. As I recount my experience here, I can't even think of any specific item where I was convinced this is the best buffet you can find around Vegas. The price point seemed to have been raised over the years as well. I could have sworn the seafood was something that helped Studio B earn its reputation, but on that day, you could sense it lacked freshness.Definitely did not live up to my expectations but still fair if you're staying at this casino.
1	Total crap buffet says $15 we got here they tried charging us $86 for holiday weekend. Dude its on Monday Dec 29 not a holiday. Total scam !!!
4	Great buffet. read an article in USA today  listing this studio B as one of the best in Vegas. It lived up to expectations. Great variety, high quality food. Justin was a fantastic at table service, making me feel welcome and recommending what to try. Ask him about  the desserts *wink wink*
5	One of the best buffet in Las Vegas!Wide variety of food, anything from seafood, italian, asain, selective meat.  Most of the dessert were prefect in my opinion.  So, try it yourself.
4	Pretty good buffet they have everything from tamales to steak to lobster. they have a dessert area that rivals some ice cream shops and pastry shops pretty good eating
5	We have been to this buffet twice this year. For 15.95pp (plus tax) for all the food you can eat and all the different kinds of food, that is so worth the price. American to Mexican to Asian. Fresh fruit, breads, desserts, meats, salad, pastas, seafood dishes, you name it. Service is great too. Silvia was our server today, she was very nice and smiled. Cleaned our table of our used dishes very timely and made sure we were happy with our drinks, etc. So eating here again next time we are in Vegas for the 3rd time!
5	Let me start by saying my BF and I were a little disappointed because no one warned us how much food there would be otherwise, we would've gone  with much bigger appetites!!!The Sunday buffet at M Casino was exceptional. It's a little pricey at $39.99 but well worth it. There were so many options I can't even begin to name them all here but a few highlights in addition to unlimited beer and wine: peel & eat shrimp, steamed and cold crab legs (already sliced open so no struggling to get the meat out), oysters on the half shell, prime rib and roast turkey carving stations, several Thai selections, sides, sushi, salads, deserts, espresso; the options seemed endless. In addition to the massive and very tasty food selections; the setup of the buffet is very good as well and made for an easy time getting to things you wanted. There are also booths as well as tables for your dining pleasure. I highly recommend this brunch in your in the area but be sure to check ahead because I believe it's only served Friday-Sunday.
4	Around Christmas and New Year's week, they charge you full price which is $ 39 per person which I feel is reasonable considering the good variety of food they serve.  I enjoy coming to this buffet, which by the way is about 15 minutes drive from the strip which I don't mind and there are less people in line.  This buffet is clean and open spaced with decent flavor to the food including crab legs and sushi.  My favorite though has to be their choices of excellent deserts at the end to cap off the night.Worth the visit if you have not been here.
4	Wednesday dinner $24.99 (no discount even if you have the clubs card)Pros:1. They have same food choices like other buffets but good quality.2. The prime rib was so moist and mashed potato was delicious. 3. Asian section had so much varities from filipino to vietnamese.4. They had pho that you get to make on your own.5. They also had medditerenian food. 6. Five soup choices: chicken noodle, cream of mushrooms, Manhattan clam chowder, miso soup, and pho.7. Wine also included.Cons:1. No crab legs, they just had shrimp cocktail and crawfish.Will try to go back for weekend dinner.
4	Weekday lunch price is unbeatable. The quality and freshness are at their best around 11am when they open. Weekends around 3 or 4pm are the worst times. Asian foods need many improvements in textures and taste.
