5	The Artisan Hotel and Spa is another Vegas Secret. Shhhh...There is no gaming, and it's not the easiest hotel to get to. It's off of Sahara, by the freeway. But you have to cross gumdrop lane and travel through the Ivana Humpalot swamp. Discovered this place as a referral from a former student and Spy on Vegas had an open bar here. When there's open bar. It's pretty crazy...But talking to a few people there. It's a very mellow place where you can chill and have semi-intelligent conversations over drinks and coffee. It's true they only valet. But there is parking outside by other local businesses and warehouses. It's not too hard to get into. The ambiance of the hotel is colorful with warm colors, paintings and portraits line the ceilings and walls. It's a great change from the smokiness and thing clanging of casinos. This place is definitely a great getaway not only for locals but business people. I would even consider this a great "date spot."Hehehe Panty Melter? I dunno. But maybe if you get her drunk enough....
5	Situated just off the 15 at Sahara, this little unassuming hotel, spa and lounge is one of the best kept secrets of Las Vegas.  If you want to visit the Vegas that doesn't revolve around gaming and silicone (it exists, I promise!) this is the place to stay.  The entire place amazes you when you enter because you would never expect this kind of class 1) in Vegas and 2) in this location in Vegas.  It's comfortable, subdued, and full of art.  I haven't personally seen the rooms, but friends have told me they're perfect for the place and worth every penny.
5	This is my new favorite place. Dark hunting lodge kinda feel... love it! AND you can drink for a lot less than hangin' on the Strip. Open 24 hours for maximum effect. Perfect for a rendezvous.
5	If huge crowds and big box hotels with casinos are your thing, you won't find this hotel very interesting. If you love being by a small chic pool, artwork, soothing dark and clubby environment that is reminiscent of Palm Springs, South Beach, etc, you have to check this out. As I type this from an upgraded Artist Suite with walk-in closets, large by anyone's standard, I have just been informed how flat screen televisions and narrow armoires are being installed, one floor at a time. I may take a peek at one, as it will be completed in two months by the time they reach the 5th floor. Buyer beware, without a car you are certainly going to be in taxis during your entire stay here, about $12.00 plus gratuity to get to places like Bellagio or Paris, Bally's for dinner or show. It is on corner of W.Sahara Blvd. and Highland, near Palace Station.My third visit here and it's official, Artisan is my Vegas home.
5	The Artisan Lounge is my preferred place of indulgence in all of Las Vegas. She is superior to all others in her class. She is alluring, romantic, commodious, and very relaxing... I spent hours here nestled into one of her multifold of grand wingback chairs with a drink in one hand and a cigarrette in the other. The handsome artwork, regal mirrors, and elegant sculptures all contribute to her luxurious aristocratic atmosphere. A graceful staff and a savvy bartender preserve this classic and dignified lounge. She will not be kept a secret for long.
5	This is really a boutique hotel, they have made a travelodge into a super cute hide away place that is really somewhere to hole up if you never want anyone to find you.Each room is small and dark and in the spirit of an individual artist. I have only stayed once and the artist escapes me, I don't think he was someone that I loved. None the less, it is such a cute place. Go in the big dark wood bar for an afternoon tea or bite to eat. Friends of mine even got married here on Halloween, and it was a wonderful place to have a wedding! The pool outside is really small and by the freeway, but they have done the absolute best they can here and there is hardly anyone out there if you want to read or get anything done, you can. I don't even want to review this place for fear of the secret getting out, but do want them to have lots of business and stay open so we can always have a dark place to go where no one can find me. You, did not hear any of this, nor am I there at anytime, when I'm not answering my phone.......
3	I'm stunned this place is getting 5 stars consistently. Let me be the first to tarnish its near-perfect rating with a medeocre, but unbiased review. The Artisan isn't bad. We went on a First Friday, the night when all the arty nightcrawlers come out.  There was a generous-sized crowd there, making it rather difficult to get a drink. Luckily we knew a cocktail wench that works there and got a comped round (even though she totally burned one of our buddies and totally stole all his shit ... but that's a different review, different day). This was the first time I've ever been and I've heard friends say they've been when they were just about the only party there. Valet is a requirement. Unless you want to park in the lot of the adjacent with the "Will tow at owner's expense" signs all over the place. This place is like Narnia: kind of hard to find. Come from the west side of Sahara and turn right onto Highland. Otherwise, I don't know what to say. The decor is pretty garish. They have all of these prints of Da Vinci's, Degas', Renoirs, whatever all done up in these guilded frames. Which isn't a bad thing, if it weren't for the fact that the walls were densly packed with these things. They did some innovative things with decor, it wasn't all that bad. The DJ was on fire, though. He was the big redeeming point about the place. The place isn't suitable for large parties ... as there was like eight of us. As shwag as it was, I thought it was odd that they had ESPN on the monitors. I will give the Artisan credit for being different from the rest of Vegas. Even though it is kind of the dark side of Roccoco. In all fairness I haven't checked out the rest of the hotel, so I couldn't give a thourough review. All we saw was the lounge and the men's bathrooms for a hot minute while we banged in the stalls. jk. It was more like two hot minutes.
4	We stay at the Artisan at least once a year just to do something outside of the house....love the decor in the lobby (various well-known paintings) and the bar (a multitude of mirrors all different sizes and shapes cover the ceiling).  Each room is themed with a different artist's paintings.  If you prefer the huge rooms of the Venetian or Ceasar's, this is not the place for you - it's guest rooms are standard hotel size, but it's the decor that sets them apart.  Also, if you'd like a suite to have a few friends over for a laid back get-together, the Artisan does have a smallish, similarly decorated suite with a pool table available for half the cost of the huge suites on the Strip.  I also remember the music out by the pool being particularly good - despite the pool being kinda between overpasses, they did a nice job with it and the cabanas.  Oh!  And the food in the restaurant was great!  The only negatives I can possibly think of would be room size and that you HAVE to valet park.
5	Though I've never stayed at the Artisan myself but, after living in Vegas off and on for a gig in the past year, I can safely say that is truly is one of those "best kept secrets" type places that I love to visit.  Here's what it's got going for it:1.  It's not on the Strip.  For most that would be a con, but look at it this way:  you come to Vegas to play on the Strip all day, it's exhausting and overwhelming by the time you're done.  Why not sleep somewhere where there isn't any neon outside your window?2.  It's close to the Strip.  So you can still do all those "Vegas" things you want to do.3.  The decor is AWESOME!  Every room is themed after a different artist and all throughout the bar and lounge areas there are reproductions of famous artwork EVERYWHERE.  Even the ceilings!  It's funky, different and very well put together.4.  There is NO GAMING.  This is a particular plus for those who like the craziness of Vegas but occasionally just want to get a nice martini at a classy bar without the "klang klang, boop boop boop, cha-ching"-ing sounds playing on repeat all night.  This place is a favorite of the locals for this very reason.5.  Martinis are delicious and unique AND not insanely expensive.6.  They have an awesome "reserved" area alcove with a fireplace and cushy couches in the bar area for a small group of friends, so you know, you can actually HEAR each other! :)
3	Well... its different I'll give it that. The decor is kinda cool with all the paintings hanging on the walls. Its juts a little too dark for me. The rooms are standard size and do have free porn! Didnt do much here but sleep, so thats my review.
5	If a vampire turned its house it mansion into a hotel, that is what you see when you walk through the door into the Artisan Hotel and Spa.  The place has a lot of charisma and the people there are amazing.  You can carry on a conversation and they will actually have something intelligent to say.Stay there and join their wine tasting every day.  Get to know the bar tender and enjoy the place.  You can get awesome rates online, so if you like something a little out of the ordinary and for you Vegas is a place to go see shows, the Artisan might just be for you.
5	Seriously the sexiest bar I've ever been to -- I loved this place. It's like some very old rich person decided to convert their library into a speakeasy. The place had a great vibe and just the right amount of people: we felt very cool to be in such a desirable place, but we could breathe and sit down. I loved the dark ambience of the bar -- to quote a previous Yelper, it really is almost vampire-inspired.  And I adore vampires!  As far as the drinks go, my ginger-orange-vanilla martini was heavenly, and I can vouch that my friend A.'s strawberry-infused martini was almost as good. I'm definitely going to look into staying at this hotel next time I'm in town and don't feel like being on the Strip.
5	This place could not be more different than the Strip Vegas most visitors are used to.Fortunately a friend who's a local knew about this place, tucked near downtown and the Palace Station. The hotel looks like an old-school 50s or 60s-era motel that's been completely revamped and re-hipped. The lobby is filled with an eclectic collection of...stuff. And the ceiling is covered with classical art pieces. The bar is dark and sexy and awesome. It's what I imagine a hipster bar in Hollywood would be like (if I ever drove the 40 miles to Hollywood) with the added bonus of NOT being in Hollywood! The people there seem down-to-earth and not pretentious. The music on the Saturday we went was awesome -- a DJ spinning trippy, loungy, cool electronic music (a refreshing break from the throbbing club music of our previous nights at clubs on the Strip).The martinis are pricey at $14 but exotic and worth it. I wish I could remember what mine was, but it was purpley-pink and delish. I was tempted to get the absynthe one, but lost my nerve!I didn't get to check out the rooms, but I would definitely, definitely like to stay here sometime. And if I ever want a quickie Vegas wedding, this place would top my list.
3	I stayed here last night. I did not appreciate not having a coffee machine in the room, and the forced-on valet parking.
4	wow I just stayed here last night and it was awesome!We were able to get a really great deal from Hotels.com.Since the hotel doesn't have hundreds or thousands of rooms, the check-in and check-out process is pretty fast. I thought it was cool that each room was decorated with artwork by a particular artist. The room had a large wide screen plasma with many channels, a ceiling fan and air conditioning, and even a mini-bar. Everyone working at the hotel seems to enjoy their jobs, even the valet was friendly and extremely prompt. A couple things I would've preferred would be having the option of self-parking since it was weird asking for the car three or four times in such a short amount of time.. and a brighter light in the restrooms would've been helpful, but the dimness fit in with the rest of the hotel so it was alright. + different and unique- only valet parking offered
4	**  9 people you meet at Artisan in LV **-1-  Mr Two Timer.  No he's not cheating on his wife, he's actually with his wife @ the bar.  Her kid is upstairs taking care of their 3 y.o.  He'sgonna bang his wife in the fitness room.  Too bad its a 6x11 room andthey'll get walked in on... oh yeah! That's the point.-2-  Canyon Ranch Yogi. Came to terms with the phrase "there's no rest for the wicked".  Aging happens when 'recovery from rest' LESS THAN 'damage from work/play'. Coped with an extreme life change; yogi-3-  Not falling off the wagon.  Can hang in a bar where only two vices call out (gambling and sexing).  Special drink during his 3 year stint from the unholy trinity: a diet coke, no lime, no straw.-4-  Swimmer Through the Talent Pool.  Is staying in Room #503 and still has his clearFly lanyard on.  Is here to fix the four seasons IT issues but holes up here cuz he hooked up with virgin goth girl ONCE and has been seeking here since.-5-  Corner PDA text messager.  Thinks that the device is an umbillical cord tethering back to the womb known as the office server.  This multitasker can sms while eating drive-thru and changing three lanes (with signal blinker in full effect)-6-  Artsy transplant from Cleveland.  Used to be catholic, loves swingdancing  and now dresses that way 7 days.  Buys clothes by the pound and manages money well.  Her parents own a dozen DQs and she's flush.-7-  On a date.  Frat boy plus Bebe girl.  I don't rubberneck accidents on the I-15 and I can't profile what I can't stand watching-8-  Mr Party promoter.  Self proclaimed, self-promoter knows everyone.  Self proclaimed money genius can't sell artisan manager well enough to move outta his parents vacation condo @Trump.-9-  Mr Newly Divorced.  Talks wonders of 702-d-i-v-o-r-c-e as a quick like a band-aid technique.  His emotional damage is so stratified it'll take a team of geologists years to excavateBONUS-10-  Lamb amongst old lambs.  This well meaning girl in her late-ish 20s.  Her friends are 30++.  How do you guarantee failure?  Answer; get mentored on a Saturday night by the romantically unlucky.
3	My friends and I stayed at the Artisan the weekend of April 5, 2008. I was there to celebrate my 30th birthday and the hotels on the strip seemed more expensive, so I thought I would stay off the strip to save some money. I have mixed feelings... I didn't hate the place, but I wish I had gotten more bang for my buck.  WE LOVEDthe beds -- so comfythe pool -- small, but clean and well-decorated. cozy seatingthe room service -- prompt, courteous, and well-pricedthe wedding chapel -- stark religious feel due to paintings from Renaissance era. not our kind of place to get married, but it was beautifulthe wine tastings -- every day at 5pm; free!free wififood in the restaurant was well-pricedthe strip clubs within walking distancefree apples at the front deskWE HATEDhaving to pay $11 per night for non-optional valet parkingthe claustrophobic feel of the rooms due to too many paintings in each room (ours had 5 when it could have gotten away with 2) and dark paint on the wallsno coffee makers in the roomshaving to wait a long time for taxis to arrive, even if we asked the front desk to have one waiting for us by a certain timethe service in the restaurant -- some very inexperienced servers therethe bathrooms in the rooms -- dark as a dungeon. and there was broken glass on the floor of my bathroom when I checked inthe lovely view of the 15 freewayWE LOVED/HATEDfree porn in the rooms -- it was horrible porn but it was like a car wreck. we couldn't tear ourselves away
5	I just discovered the bar at the Artisan a couple of weeks ago thanks to my friend Kristen, and I've already been back like 3 more times.  The ambiance of this place is simply amazing, and you just know you're at a cool underground spot the minute you walk in.  Ted the bartender is super cool (he comes on at midnight) and Marcel the valet will take care of your car out front.  No other bar that I've been to 4 times do I know the names of the staff; that's how rad this place is!  If you see me there, make sure you tell me to lay off the absinthe shots, though!
5	If you crossed Elvis Presley, Liberace, Rembrandt, Ian Schrager, and Pam Anderson, and delivered the baby in a Beatnick hospital with Gothic nurses, you'd give birth to the Artisan Hotel (oh... and I'm only rating the lobby and bar lounge, and not the sleeping quarters).As I understand it, this is one of Vegas' best kept secrets, and now I understand why. Sexy... with an almost intellectual charm to it, this is truly an establishment that lives up to its 'Artisan' namesake. There is no pretentious arrogance to this place that you'd find at Bar Noir or Prive, and is just very..... sexy... not trashy..... but sexy... (and is even better after a couple hits of weed)...If you needed a perfect synonym for "hip"... this place is it.
4	If atmosphere is what you crave, this is the place!  Very dark, very sexy....  Think Liberace's living room if the electricity was out and all you had were 1,000's of candles..... yummy!   This is a great place to go if you just want to chill out with a few friends and actually hear and enjoy each other's conversation!  The pool area is divine..... it's like walking into Joan Crawford's backyard..... white leather couches and daybeds in white cabanas..... a sexy little hidden oasis!
3	I'd recommend this place as a small, intimate spot to grab a drink off the strip.I can't speak for the entire hotel, but The Artisan's bar has experienced quite a transformation.  I remember going here three years ago when they were just getting started.  Back then it was simply a bar next to the lobby inside a hotel.  The location isn't anything to write home about.  It's on Highland.  Down the street you'll find an assortment of budget hotels and strip clubs.  Hello Spearmint Rhino!  I was taken aback recently when there were doorman outside the bar telling me I can't get in with my shorts, sneakers and backwards cap.  I was like "you've gotta be kidding me, this place used to be unheard of."  So I went home, changed, returned and sure enough the doormen weren't even there.  Inside the bar area is plenty of seating.  It's dimly lit with a bunch of weird art everywhere.  It's actually quite relaxing and cool.  Drinks are average price.  I think it was about 5 bucks for a beer.  The local hipsters have discovered this place so you're gonna have to deal with that.Parking is non-existent unless you want to do valet.  I have a phobia of valet so I just park down the street at the budget hotel.  I think it's called the Vagabond Inn.  It's right next door.
5	We couldn't have found a better place to have our wedding! The hotel itself is amazing. We found the Artisan online through lasvegasmasterpieceweddings.com The packages are priced right. From the DVD to the pictures, everything worked out great! I'm glad we had a site like trip advisor to guide us in the right direction. We originally selected another place to have our wedding. Glad we read some reviews and went with the Artisan instead! Thanks!
5	I don't give a lot of places five stars, but The Artisan has to be one of my favorite spots and best kept secrets in Las Vegas... The Artisan is a small, luxurious boutique hotel with 64 rooms. Each room is elegantly appointed by its own master artist. The lobby is dimly lit with candles, art and mirrors all over the walls and ceilings. The colors are very deep, dark and rich with lots of comfy over sized chairs, velvet curtains, a baby grand piano and fountains. The art spans from all different eras: Baroque, Renaissance, Rubens, Gothic, Modern, and Post Modern to name a few.There's a small restaurant in the back which looks very romantic. It is dimly lit with lots of candles, velvet and leopard print. They serve a fantastic Sunday brunch for about $20. The lounge is absolutely breathtaking and chic. There's a D.J. on Fri. and Sat. from about 10-1 PM. We arrived too late to hear the music, but I'm sure that in keeping with the theme of the hotel that the music is down tempo, funky, trippy, and would set just the right mood. The Artisan is a deep, dark, sensual mystery waiting to be unraveled...
1	I didn't stay here, just went to the lounge. But they have this awful mandatory valet service which is such a pain. The decor is absolutely horrendous, looks like something out of a nightmare or the twilight zone, with mirrors on the ceilings and lots of old replica paintings. It smells like a restroom as soon as you come in, a mix between toilet and potpourri. The lounge music is blaring to the point of ear pain and the crowd is well, hit or miss I guess. Overall, I'd say this place is pretty disgusting,  and I wouldn't ever try taking a date here for fear of ending it early. Trust me guys, you'll never make it to the rooms with your dates because the lobby smells like poo.
2	My bf and I booked this hotel the day of during a 2 week road trip. I chose it  because of the great Yelp reviews and the cheap rate from hotels.com ($54). Our stay was not quite as bad as 2 stars, but yet not quite 3.  We arrived around 9pm on our way home to Cali and the place smelled sort of like mold. First of all, the place is right next to the highway and with our discount rate, I just knew we'd get a noisy room. We were forwarned about the mandatory valet parking because of Yelp ($11.50 - lame) but not of the 'resort fee' ($3.50 - lamer). But whatever - the room was a decent price so we didn't complain. However, we had to wait almost an hour at the desk because the people before us had some problem with their room. When we got to our room, all that I really wanted to do was to take a shower, but there were no towels. I called down to the front desk and they assured us they'd be sent up. 1 hour later, no towels. Another call made. 30 minutes, no towels until the bf went down to the desk and came back with what looked and smelled like pool towels. Forgiving that, the room was comfortable and very chic-ly decorated - and there is free WiFi. But the paintings all over the walls were a tad creepy, especially with a painting of 2 children facing our bed. I do give them kudos for the interesting concept and decor - but I probably wouldn't stay here again, because it's distance from the strip and the parking situation.
4	Disclaimer: I never stayed in the hotel because the Artisan was a mile away from my house.The Artisan was recently rated as the #1 place to take your skeptical friends who don't think Vegas could be this cool by Las Vegas Weekly. The exterior is a nondescript, plain white. When you get in, though, the scene is anything but bland. Water fountains, a huge piano,  comfy red chairs and comfy black leather chairs and oh yeah... paintings and mirrors all over the ceiling. When you walk in the bar, the vibe is the same. The bar is huge and there is plenty of seating.Dress in black and go with your date or a few friends on a weeknight if you want the place to yourself. If you go on a Saturday night, the place will be packed to the point where you won't really be able to find a seat, but the gender ratio is as close to even as anywhere that won't make you stand behind a velvet rope.You can park around the corner or in the random lot across the street, but your car might get jacked. Use the valet parking.I took off a star because Artisan is stuck next to the 1-15 overpass and it's easier to get to the place than it is to get back from wherever you came. For whatever reason, the streets are a labyrinth on the way out of the Artisan. Either that, or the drinks hit me a little to hard whenever I visit the Artisan.
4	I love love love love The Artisan Lounge!  Hands down the coolest environment that I've found in Vegas, martinis are expensive but tasty (Key Lime Pie is killer), neat looking pool.  Bathrooms are perfect for making out in lol.  They have a live Dj on certain nights, it is very small & intimate so when the Dj is there, it's quite loud.Valet only, no parking.  Which is probably a good thing since it's in a less than desirable neighborhood, sharing the street with multiple strip clubs (next to Treasures).  So at least you know your car will be well-watched.A lot of locals think it's a gay bar, it's not, but certainly welcome the gay community ;)I recently rented a basic room and honestly with as much as I love the lounge and atmosphere I was deeply disappointed with the room.  It had the same cool affect as the lobby but pictures and mirrors were hung on the wall crooked, the floor felt like it was caving in, it seemed like it had been throw together rather quickly & the front desk staff were dicks, they kept changing the incidental policy/deposit on us. The gym is pathetic.  So the room experience wasn't that great.  As for the lounge....AWESOMENESS-GO-NOW!
2	Although this place is very cool and Gothic, nice decor, it still has the stench of an old motel. They have done a lot of renovation, but it just has this creepy old feel they just cant shake. I eaten at the restaurant twice, same single waitress in the place, and both times the food was def not worth the price. the restaurant was empty both times we ate there and the service was still bad, go figure? The bread she brought was old and stale and they toasted it lightly to mask the staleness. The food took too long to come out and she never came to check on us after taking the order. They try to be "Ala cart" fine dining so the menu is VERY small and very pricey. The average meal is $20 and up and doesn't come with a salad or anything....over all not worth it. Especially with all the gems in vegas..oh and did i mention you have to valet because theres no parking spaces anywhere?
1	This place made me want to kill myself.  I'm into art and all, but this place went overboard.  The staff was not all there, it smelled like hot trash, the 5 floor elevator takes forever to get to you (stayed in the palms the night after and the 35 floor elevator got to me faster), can't wear hats at the bar, and while checking out, my friend had a box of crackers in the lobby and the fatass stuckup owner says "You can't have food on my property, nuh uh, get that outta here."  You fatass bitch your hotel is a peice and FYI we ate and drank all up in the room.  And we didn't tip room service because there WAS NONE.  Creepy ass hotel.  STAY AWAY.
1	*This review is for the bar only and for the parking issue at The Artisan. Valet only might work for some people but I like to be able to park my own car sometimes. I don't like people all up in my shit. That's the first of the small annoyances that made up my experience with The Artisan. The outside looks very different from the inside, inside is this old Hollywood Gothic type decor that is a stark contrast to the white, Las Vegas chapel design theme outside. I was here for a friend's birthday party. I was told she had planned the event with The Artisan, they knew she would be having at least 60 people in her party only. Plus all the other people who regularly would be getting wasted at 10 o'clock on a Tuesday. They had one bartender, and one bar back. What kind of shit is that? You call ahead to plan an event and you only get ONE bartender. The bar back was heard screaming she couldn't mix a drink because "that would get confusing." After about 30 minutes standing around when we wanted to get drunk we threw up our hands, the bartender also had taken our order and just made other peoples drink while we sat around watching and waiting. This was enormously annoying. Not one person outta our entire party could get a drink. The birthday girl couldn't even get a drink. They didn't have grey goose or don Julio tequila.Eff that, we paid our tab and bounced. Artisan I wanted to really like you after hearing you are a local Vegas hangout and had house dj's that play every Thursday. After this insane night here, I won't be recommending anyone to go here though. Big thumb's down.
3	This review is just for the BAR I didn't stay at hotelThis I feel is the coolest non-cool place I've ever been to. It's hip, non pretentious and no one knows about it.If you have cool Friends already and want to get away from the big club, doormen in tux's, bottle service sht, then this is the place for you. You bring your own party. Although I did meet cool people while I was there. It's not meat markety. The bartenders are attentive and pour strong drinks.Also props to the valet,  we couldn't get a cab, so he drove us himself to out next destination...hello  RHINO!!!!
4	Hotel off the strip, obscure but definitely a one of a kind.  The interior was very cool...lots of paintings, frames, statues, loungey furniture, cozy and dark atmosphere. The bar was ultra cool and the chocolitini martini was worth coming back for.  I love the vibe that emanates from this place...different and many things to discover in every nook and corner.  I will definitely be back and bring some friends who are looking for an off the strip adventure.
4	I've never actually stayed here; we just dropped in for the bar after hours.  Wow this place is amazing.  Because I was wearing shorts (casual night out), they wouldn't actually let me into the bar, but that was not a bad thing at all.  We got drinks and chilled in the hotel lobby.  It is not like any other hotel lobby you have ever seen before.  There are pieces of art everywhere and I mean everywhere.  Paintings adorn the ceiling.  We ended up taking random fun pix and playing a few rounds of chess, all while taking turns trying to play piano.  Good times!
3	I like the atmosphere of the pool, bar, lobby and rooms (I have never stayed there, but have friends who have); it is a cool little "shindig" that makes you feel like you are not in Las Vegas. At times, they have good DJ's playing nice sets.
5	I just wrote a review of Binion's and mentioned this place so I figured I should write a little bit about it. So let's just say that this place isn't the Bellagio, but as small hotels go it is super super nice. It is definitely out of the ordinary with reproduction paintings everywhere and rooms named after artists. I've stayed here a number of times and it is always always very clean the staff has always been super nice to me even if I show up off a photo shoot or art show and look like a hobo. The rooms can be very reasonable so check for good rates..they're out there. Overall the place is a lot of fun to stay at, the beds are very very comfortable and as someone else mentioned there is free porn...ahhhAnd Sheri's Cabaret is just across the street! Bonus!
4	I have to say that Yelper Shauna D took some great pics of this place. unfortunately the time i went, my pics came out horrible!!! i have to agree this place is a really cool off the strip place. the bar area has a very cool lounge vibe and my vegas friends and LA friends had a fabulous time just hanging out there. I wouldn't make a special trip to go there if i were only in vegas for the weekend though and i most definitely wouldn't spend the night there! although the paintings everywhere and decor are very cool, i would be too creeped out by all the statues!
5	My friend Charles T. has told me over and over again that I had to come with him to experience "Real" Vegas as he calls it. This was one of his local spots that he stays. By the website the Artisan looked cool. Dark and artsy hotel. Show me something else I haven't seen...But believe me this place is way better in real life! The lounge plays this really dark lounge music and they play old Hitchcock films on the TVs. There is art everywhere! The beds are so cozy. The best part is the food! we ordered a grilled salmon and some omelets (don't judge I was starving from a late night in Vegas!) I have never eaten better food! I will never stay at another hotel! This place is the only place to stay in Vegas!
4	I love Soul Kitchen at the Artisan Lounge!!!  The music was delicous if you're into soulful house.  The drinks are poured quite healthy there and the bartender was very  nice.  The motiff of Artisan is a bit Scooby Doo'ish to me.  The decor was a bit creepy as you walk into the hotel lobby and again in the lounge itself.  There are paintings of women whose eyes are "looking" at you and you just can't help but wonder if there are eyes that are really behind the paintings?  There is a wobbly ceiling fan at the end of the bar that looks like it would be in a Final Destination Movie. LOL....just don't sit there!   Tho this seems/sounds like a bad review, it's not!  Overall though.....it was a great place to chill, hangout with friends, meet new ones and gig to the music.  This place is definitely worth tweeting about and yelping....and that's a good thing!
5	very simply stated for once:It is like partying inside the haunted mansion.
4	The Artisan is a fun hotel to go and visit.  They have original decor creating a dark and spooky vibe to their hotel.  The staff is friendly and the drinks at the bar a excellent.  From the first second I walked inside the main lobby I felt like I was in an episode of Scooby Doo haha.They also will let a DJ go into the main bar and turn it into a nightclub which is like partying at a haunted house... very cool.
1	wow. so I went a party on Friday night for a friend's birthday and while we were there we had a blast.. wake up this morning and there is a 40.00 charge for everytime that I used my card.I bought a total of four drinks so there was $180.00 charged onto my card from them. You call them and they say that it is just pending.. however your money still can't be touch.. WTF? then I can't talk to a manager at all.. they are off today and tomorrow they say.. wow.. If you go.. enjoy yourself but you might want to bring enough cash so that you don't have to have a "service charge" or a pending charge of $40 everytime you use your card.LAME.
4	My boyfriend and I feel in love with this place, we found out that it use to be a Motel 8 back in the day which would explain the outside appearance of looking like just another originally standard hotel, but once you walk inside, that all goes out the window. This place was amazing. It really is like staying at the "Haunted Mansion" from Disneyland, it's very dark, dark wood, dark colors, no lights, just candle's, even the elevator had a red light. Unfortunately they have mandatory valet parking of $11 dollars a day and they don't have any bell boys, so we had to drag our over packed luggage into the hotel..but with only 65 rooms, how many bell boys do you need? The check in process was easy and I requested an odd number, because since this hotel is literally off the 15 fwy you "supposedly" hear the traffic noise and the odd number room keep you towards the side of the hotel that doesn't face the freeway. We where in room 511, which was good since we where on the top floor and our room was just right to the elevator exit...The room was very dark, mirrors in the entire room and was themed after artist William Frieseke. We reserved a standard king room and only payed $100 for Saturday-Monday ( valentine's weekend). We could tell it wasn't the best room with chips on the banner of the bed and furniture but it was all very clean and had a nice plasma screen TV, I heard there was porn( but it must have been removed). The bathroom was clean with a nice supply of towels and soaps and shampoo and had a rainfall shower head with wonderful pressure, but no blow dryer? WTF? luckily I brought my own, another WTF was if you wanted ice you had to go to the 3rd floor to request or go to the lounge and they don't supply cups in the room, they did however have a fridge, a safe, iron and board, and they use energy efficient lighting. I'm glad we weren't there during summer time, since it did take awhile for the room to cool off. The bed was very comfy, even thou it wasn't used for more then 4 hours of sleep per day. Overall for us this hotel was perfect, considering it is a smoke free hotel and NO CASINO, we did manage to stop by the lounge Sunday morning at 5am for drinks and the place was half crowded. I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Vegas and strangely this is by far my favorite. I will be returning back in July to utilize the pool lounge area.
4	Went for drinks in the lounge on a Sat.  They had advertised dancing, but there wasn't any-just a DJ playing house.  The place is barely lit.  It really is like the Haunted House at Disneyland.  Not just the lounge, but the lobby too!  You really have to see ti to believe it.  Only criticism: the ventilation is poor and there is a continual cloud of smoke in the place.  Complimentary valet parking.
4	Oh Sweet Artisan....when I'm cocooned in your dark and loving embrace, i can almost forget that I live in a cultural toilet...Every time I pull into your South Beach-style valet, I send I a silent thankyou to the heavens that no flashing neon assaults my eyes.Although we've had one slightly unsavory run-in with the owners (they literally bought us a round so we'd give up our seats - apparently their favorite couches), I have always had top notch service from the bartenders.  I give them a liqueur and ask them to surprise me...never disappointed.Soul Kitchen on Thursday nights is worth the wait.  Every time.  I wish he'd start earlier and run longer, but I'll take what i can get.Thankyou Artisan.  Thankyou.UPDATE:  I'm broken-hearted.  As of 6/24/10, Soul Kitchen has been sent packing!!  The owner/manager's comment:  "It hasn't brought anybody in for 2 months."   What?! You don't kill a 7-year classic for a brief lapse in attendance...especially at the start of summer!  The thrilling replacement?  80's Flashback.  Boooooo Artisan.  I still love you, but you have forced me to withdraw one of your hard earned stars.
5	The best kept secret Vegas has. Aside from the atmosphere, which is brillant, the music is new and fresh and kept low enough to have a normal conversation, the service was outstanding, and the food was spectacular; it looked good, was presented well, and tasted even better. A must see for everyone! Prices were good. I spent $60 for two people (4 cocktails, 2 sodas, 1 appetizer, and 2 entrees).Don't forget a couple bucks for the valet.Also, disregard any negative comments from folks because they are now under new management and it is obvious they are trying to turn things around. It's worth a second try if you had a bad experience.A MUST GO!
5	ROMANTIC. I  lived in vegas for 15 years and this is the Most exquisite unique & secret Hotel in the city. I didn't even find out about it until my 14th year there. Even while living in the city, I stayed at the hotel on more than one occasion- what I remember most was the chocolate cake and martinis we ordered from room service. Heaven.And such a STEAL! Dark woods, mysterious doors that lead to a gothic chapel, i felt like I was staying in a close relatives mansion who just happened to be a maniacal art fiend ;) Each room is named after a famous artist.And parking- they would never let you do that yourself, too much work involved, Alas, even those 1984 toyota cressida owners must surrender their keys to valet. Love it.
5	Love it.  Used to be a super well kept secret.  Although when it was...it was more expensive.  1st time I went my boyfriend and I ordered a Pinot Noir each.  We asked the waitress for a list of wines--she didn't have one.  She went and checked with the bar and came back with two names in her head,  We chose one.  Well it ended up being $70 each.  I think we got ripped off.  But now, the prices are less, the parties go till the morning and my friends DJ there a lot.  There is plenty to look at and less of a Paris Hilton crowd.  I would recommend it two BOOMIN thumbs up.
5	The creator, Keith Evan, from House Society is back with local pool parties for the summer... Lounge Inn at the Artisan Pool.This is not the kind of pool party on the strip with ridiculous long lines, expensive entry charge, meat heads, bikini platforms with foolish makeup and thousands of dollars spent on cabanas or day beds.Lounge Inn is every Sunday with no entry fee starting at 3pm continues until 10 pm and for loungers that aren't ready to go home yet, special Lounge Inn room rates are available for $40 per night. Bottle specials start at $150 with a day bed or cabana, food from the Artisan's restaurant can be ordered poolside, while watching your favorite sports on a LCD screen and listening to beats.  The food is amazing! I recommend the spinach salad with strawberries and pecans, burger and fries and the flat bread pizza Margherita!Sunday's Lounge Inn atmosphere is intimate.  There are amazing locals with positive vibe who musically appreciates deep house, disco, afro beats, reggae, soul and mid tempo funk. It is the music that brings the people together at this party and when they do, it's all about peace, love, happiness and lots of smiles on the dance floor!In addition, Lounge Inn is a themed event.  My attendances have been the All White Party, Parasol Sun Umbrella Twist, Beach Ball Birthday Bash and what's next? Be sure to get on Keith Evan's email list to find out for future Lounge Inn themed events and guest DJ's!Here is a link to Las Vegas Weekly article and email info.http://www.lasvegaswee...
5	I love this place. Great afterhours. Good atmosphere. Cool people. Laid back and fun the way partying should be. The drinks are always great. Love the patio and pool areas.
4	This place needs to invest in light bulbs!  =)  anyone that's been there knows what i'm talking about.  When i walked in, i thought i still had my sunglasses on. =)So, also, i went to the after hours club there.  It was like the same lighting level as when i got there in the afternoon.  Dark. It was a cool place.  Actually a perfect sized joint for the amount of people there.  There's a small patio out in the back to sit down, have cigs and chill out in 80 degree- 3am weather.  Check it out....But the bad part if you need a cab, it might take a while.
4	There was a special on Hotels.com for $20 a night during weeknights. Hello. Amazing deals going on here.On a Wednesday night it was pretty packed around 9:30- I must say the Bar is a little lacking as far as the liquors they stock- And the candles at our table were always out- the cocktail waitress was a little rude, but since the new owners took over business has picked up and it was expected...The patio offers a little sanctuary when the music is getting too loud and the cigar smoke too thick- I must admit I loved this place more when it was less club-like and more sophisticated. But hey, in this economy I'm glad they are staying afloat. Regardless of the less appealing changes to the bar, I had an amazing night with my friends and crawling upstairs afterward in those wonderful sheets with my man was the best, did I mention you get 5 Pillows on there? Amazing.As far as hotels go, it's the absolute best for the Price. There are complimentary wine tastings, room service from the restaurant downstairs (no breakfast after 11am), comfy beds, 24/7 free Porn on ch 69.... ;DIt's not about the loaction or the view, because once you're inside, it's about forgetting you're even in vegas at all.
1	This place gave my friend's honeymoon suite away to the Kardashians on their wedding night.Yes, that's right. We all came to this hotel for our friend's wedding. Upon check in we found out that the owner of the hotel had decided to give the whole top floor to the Kardashians who had shown up, thus kicking my friends who were getting married at the Artisan out of the honeymoon suite. The Artisan put them in a regular room. They also flat out gave away several rooms that belonged to guests in the wedding party to the Kardashians so our friends had to go out to the strip on a Friday night and pay rack rate to stay somewhere else. The owner of this hotel screwed my friends and the entire hotel staff. Because the Kardashians wanted to have dinner in the one and only restaurant the hotel has, our friend's wedding reception got moved onto an outdoor patio. Did I mention it was 107 degrees? Also, the other stuff people complained about in their reviews of this hotel were true for us too. It's off the strip and cabs don't want to come here so we had to wait 45 minutes or so every time we called a cab. The key card to my room didn't work and neither did the next one we got or the next one. It got to the point where everytime we came back to the hotel we'd have to get someone from the front desk to let us in. One time we came back at 2 a.m. and had a huge man block the elevator saying he was holding it for the Kardashians. This is a 5 floor hotel with only one elevator. I don't care if Bill Clinton is there. Get out of my way and off the elevator. The owner of this hotel is greedy,unet hical and treats his staff like crap. They worked 16 hours on Sat, taking care of us, other weddings and the Kardashians. Imagine you had shown up for your wedding and found out this had been done to you. I urge you to not stay at this hotel. There is no casino there, only 1 restaurant which could be commandeered at any moment by some random celebrity and then you can't even get room service, only 1 small bar and it's off the strip and cabs won't go there so.... you end up trapped at a crappy hotel that used to be a Super 8. Yes, it was a Super 8. I hope the owner, and the Kardashians, both go bankrupt. And, if you have kids, don't go there. Pot was at the pool and cocaine was in the bathrooms. Saw it with my own eyes. I was shocked and horrified by how badly my friends, who were spending a lot of money to have their wedding there, were treated by the Artisan Hotel. Go to Hotwire and get a good deal on a nice hotel on the strip. Send this hotel owner a message and never stay here!
5	Do not judge a book by its cover. I read reviews about this place but almost decided to pass up a look from the outside. So glad my curiosity kept me going.First we checked it out at night. They only had valet parking and the valet was so nice. We came in on a Sunday night so it was night. It was like walking into a whole other world. It was dark with pictures and statues all over the place. The valet suggested we check out the pool. It was great!So we went back the next day for lunch.  All I have to say is the Lobster Mac and Cheese was delicious, delicious!!! We also tried the hamburger on the pretzel roll and that was really good too. After lunch we asked to look at some rooms. Each room is themed after a different painter and display painting from the room. The Michaelangelo is the master suite and actually has its own pool table. A great place for a meal or even a drink. I think it is much quieter on the weeknights than on the weekends. Its a nice cozy out of the way place. And really, it IS like walking into Harry Potter.
4	A great find in Las Vegas! I have lived here for a while now and have passed by this place a million times. I would have NEVER gone in myself until I was invited for dinner there.BY FAR...some of the best food, service and atmosphere I have had in Vegas. Everyone from the valet (all parking is valet only), to the chef was awesome! We stayed for hours drinking wine and listening to 80's music from the bar beside the restaurant. It turned out to be one of those nights out with friends that you will remember forever.The whole feel of the hotel is very eclectic and artsy. Instantly you are relaxed and intrigued by all the stuff around you. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is great!Looking for a niche in sin city...this is it! You will love it
4	So I went here last night because my friend got married. YAAAAAYYYYY!!! Her hubby's boss got them a room here. When I first drove up, I didn't know what to expect. I went to look for parking, but one of the valet drivers said that it would be better to valet park so that I would not have to worry about my car and they only worked for tips because they take care of their customers free of charge. The customer service was fine.. As I walked in, I saw different statues and pictures from many artists everywhere from the ceiling to all around the hotel even in the rooms. I met up with the bride and groom, took some pics, and then went to the restaurant for dinner with them. She had the Shrimp scampi ($18), he had a siegel burger with extra tomatoes and fries ($9), and I had the lobster BLT with avocado, bacon, and a side salad topped with Caesars dressing ($12). The sandwich alone was huge for me.. I was the last to finishing eating. Soon after we went to the bar portion of the hotel, but it was crowded and we were asked to get up from the table that we were sitting at because it was reserved for another party. Then we (she and I) went to the room and had a couple of hennessy shots. We tried to drink the champagne, but it tasted like vomit and smelled like piss. GROSSSSSSSSSS! As we were drinking, her hubby went to the store to get more hennessy and coke for us to drink, but then she changed her mind and called him to come back because by then, we were planning to go the strip... In the hallway, I felt like a giant because I could actually touch the ceiling. LOL.. We went back downstairs and left to go to Caesars Palace!
1	Has anyone gotten married here???  Here is where I'm at with my wedding plans: Over a year ago I gave the wedding coordinator my credit card number to put a $150 deposit down to reserve our wedding date of 7/24/10.  My fiance and I have been together for over 7 years so we want a nice, simple, stress-free wedding which is how we decided on Vegas.  Since then the wedding coordinator "accidentally" charged my credit card for the entire amount, then I found out that the hotel was in financial trouble.  I fought with her for about 3 months before I got refunded everything EXCEPT the deposit.  So at this point I'm assuming I still have a reservation.  Then I find out there are new owners so I don't look for another chapel.  I try to talk to my new wedding coordinator who has yet to return a phone call from me and keeps giving me the run around about confirming everything.  I found out TODAY, that's right less than a month before our wedding date, that they have somehow double booked and before they can confirm with me they need another bride to sign a contract moving her wedding to the pool area.  Then I'm reassured that my wedding will be just as I booked and there will be no problems...I am NOT reassured!!!  This has been a terrible experience and I have no idea if I should be chapel shopping or if they will honor my reservation??!!!  Any suggestions???
5	+ Heavy handed drinks+ It's like partying in the Haunted Mansion+ Best decorated bar in Las Vegas+ Cool staff and security+ The valet guy rules. + Very cool and diverse scene
5	This is a review of the Artisan Afterhours Party...First of all - parking is valet only, so plan ahead and leave yourself $3-$5 for the guy at the end of the night.Walking into the hotel is simply incredible. They have done an amazing job of decorating the place! While it IS dark inside, there is ample light to enjoy the various painting and mirrors on the walls and ceiling. There are quite a number of beautiful sculptures and vases throughout too.There isn't a cover to get into the Afterhours party. Just show your ID and you're walking into a thumping techno party with some excellent house beats. The DJs are a lot of fun and the crowd there is very chill with a great appreciation for this type of music.The alcohol flows generously and the costs are pretty reasonable. I don't remember specific prices, but I haven't ever felt like I was being ripped off.While the dance floor area is a little small, it's still a lot of fun to groove with the electro beats as the DJ moves the crowd. Even better still is when you're hot and sweaty and want to relax, there are a number of VERY comfortable chairs, couches and love seats to relax on.Fine leather furniture doesn't seem to match with the house/club music scene, but it really works well at the Artisan. For a little fresh air, try heading out to the patio too.As far as off-the-strip Afterhours electronic music parties go, this one is as good as it gets.
5	+ Really nice staff, especially the valet guys who run to get your car even in the hottest of heat!+ Awesome, awesome, awesome pool parties! Last Saturday's included beach balls, squirt guns, pool noodles, pool mattresses, a super great DJ, poolside drinks and food, and a BBQ. The security guy was getting into the music with a handheld drum!+ Our request for a later checkout (not the official late checkout where you have to pay) was granted so we  could finish watching one of the World Cup games in our room!+ Every time we requested towels, etc, to the room, the staff brought it up quickly+ I love the atmosphere! Every room is named after a different artist and everywhere inside (the lobby, the hallways, the dining room) are collaged with famous paintings. The lobby was dark and cold which was great because outside it was too bright and hot! Walking through the lobby felt like swimming. Love the big fountain in the middle, and the chess board table (even though my boyfriend beat me-- ugh!)If you're looking for clean rooms, great staff, great parties, great amenities and at a much cheaper price than on-the-strip hotels, The Artisan is for you! Hint: free water bottles in the workout room! (consists of an eliptical machine and weights only).
1	I finally got a straight answer...they double booked us and with 23 days to go, I had to wait for another bride to sign a contract to move her wedding to the pool area (in July???).  So finally I had enough and canceled.  Now the Artisan is refusing to refund my deposit since I'm the one that canceled even though THEY made all the mistakes!  BTW, for anyone raving about the restaurant/bar, you should probably google the Artisan on the web and you'll quickly find out just how many health code violations they've had.  They've been written up for everything from moldy ice to bugs crawling around the bar...perhaps that is why they keep it so dark?
4	Ok I was very skeptical about this place. The room I booked on Expedia said I was getting a Manager Special and it showed the room with the pool table. When I got there to check in they said that was a suite and expedia posted the wrong room. Expedia and the Artisan just blamed each other. They basically scam you into thinking you are getting a certain room and when you get there to check in you get the shaft no apoligies or upgrades or nothing.  My Woman has a degree in Art History so she really loves this place. The food at the restaurant was superb!!!!! We were the only ones in there eating on a Tuesday night around 8pm. If you need a Cab it taked a while since non are stationed outside the Hotel. Only a short 5 minute ride to the strip. All in all we would stay there again. Heck my room wa sonly $20.00 per night plus resort. And one more thing, I was there when the Lakers were playing the Celtics and I had just arrived thinking I could catcht he game in the Bar. NO DICE, thye do not play any sports in the bar, just some old black n white movies
5	Can you say PHOTO OPP GALORE!! Me and my girls went on a picture taking frenzy here haha! How can you not?! There are cool and unique statues, artifacts, paintings, chairs, books EVERYWHERE! Including the ceiling. Yes, there are paintings glued to the ceiling. It's like walking into an art gallery + Dracula's castle. This place is a hidden gem. I was almost not going to write a review because I wanted to keep this secret for myself and my friends. The afterhours club is chill and a lot fo fun. The food was so good. We got hungry so we ordered sliders. YUM! One of the best sliders I've had. Hawaiian sweet rolls, juicy meat, caramelized onions, some crunchy stuff (fried onions I think?) and sweet potato fries. Ugghhh my taste buds were happy, and this wasn't just because I was already drunk haha. Manager of the place is super cool and totally friendly. He's actually who invited us to a VIP table when he saw us going picture crazy in the lobby. lol =)
4	You should definitely stop in here for a cocktail - it's like stepping back in time. Thanks to the bartender at The Double Down Saloon for suggesting it. The entire hotel is over the top cool - we may even stay here on our next visit.
5	I heart The Artisan. Period.Walking into the Artisan feels like I'm being transported to an old Hollywood haunted mansion. Seriously. It's got a boutique ambiance (with an added spooky flair) that you would never expect to find in Las Vegas. In fact, it just might be the best kept secret in Sin City. Stay in one of their lush, stylish (and really affordable) rooms or just stop by for drinks and/or one of their cool pool parties. Either way, be sure to bring your camera. The Artisan is the perfect backdrop for photos.
5	"...Is this haunted room aaactually stretchinnng?  Or is it your imagination? ...hrmmMMM....? and this chamber has noOoOoo windows, and noOooOoOo doors..."muuuuuuuuHA-HA-HA-HAAAH!My girlfriend joyce felt inspired by disneyland's haunted mansion and did not hesitate to spookily narrate just that as we walked through The Artisan's dark lobby.  hu-LARious."vampire bordello" "spooky flair" "photo-opp galore" "art gallery"  - SPOT ON, yelpers!But is this place like Vegas' best kept "secret"...? (pshaw right, given the prior 73 reviews. uh hi?)  It IS, though, off the strip's beaten path and definitely something I wouldn't have checked out if I wasn't "living" here.The Artisan's decor, affordable drinks and music deserve 5 glorious stars. Yes. It is that cool.  Will it deserve 5 glorious stars upon my return and update for the restaurant and pool parties?  I'm hoping so. Because again- Yes. It is that cool.You had me at hello, Artisan...you had me at "hello," welcomed the valet attendant (yip, it's Valet Only - fyi.btw.)Enjoy your visit and don't forget your camera!
5	God, do I love this place!!Dark, sultry, gothic, victorian themed hotel thats somewhat morbid, yet beautifully intriguing and absolutely a place worth checking out!I had been here a few times when I lived in Vegas and immediately fell in love with the whole ambiance of the place...especially there restaurant and bar area.I came here recently for happy hour for a few drinks and appetizers which are fantastic along with some great happy hour prices!I had a Cosmo which was superb and one of there specialty drinks called the Mono Lisa- which was nice just not as sweet as I would like and a little overwhelming with the ginger taste, other than that not bad. I also had there crab cakes which are ABSOLUTEY FANTASTIC and probably some of the best I have had- incredibly moist with and abundance of incredible flavor!!!The service was also comparable!!Do I only wish I lived close to this place!!
5	My type of scene even though i've been in Las Vegas my whole life  this place is def a secret place. Went there for a friends bday and was just shocked at the scenary
4	I booked a block of rooms at The Artisan for my birthday.  I heard it was a cool, swanky place with an awesome vibe to it.  The decor and atmosphere is amazing.  You could visit this hotel many times and discover something new each time. I checked in as soon as I could, which was around 3PM.  I needed a room with two beds, and they wouldn't let me reserve a room with two beds; they said it was first come, first serve!The room was very good for the price ($89.)  It was clean and was decorated in a very baroque style.  The room and bathroom were small and my window had a terrible view (the hotel's location is not the best.)  I stayed in the Gauguin room.There were a few minor cosmetic details that could have been attended to, but since I was staying less than 24 hours, it just really wasn't important to me.It is important to note that this is a hotel with a loud, active nightlife.  Well, it has an loud, active afternoon life, too.Most of my guests who stayed here were subjected to loud music all afternoon; so loud napping was impossible.  This was not the case on my side of the hotel, which faced the freeway.  At night, it is practically impossible to sleep the music in the nightclub and pool party are so loud.  I didn't turn in until 4am, but the music went on til about 7AM.  It was so loud for my mother, she went down stairs, complained, asked for her money back, and made the 1.5 hour drive home at midnight.Stay here if you are looking for a neat experience, and you are a partier and want to participate in the nightlife.  Don't stay here if you want a good night's sleep.
3	Cool vibe for an after hours spot, but that place is filled with open use of drugs.  People were in the stalls doing coke and girls were puking on the floor in line for the ladies room.  We had fun but man was that a weird night.
5	My absolute favorite place in Vegas!For the bar, I love the atmosphere, the decor, the music.. The bartenders are fast and friendly, and their bar is always stocked with everything you ask for. When it's warm, it's nice to find your way outside to the courtyard and have a drink in their oasis. It's also fun to meander around the hotel and show first-time friends all the little nooks and crannies of this place.Everyone I bring here ends up falling in love, and for good reason. This place is cool, sexy, and beautiful.
4	Stayed here this past weekend. 2 couples/ 2 rooms. The decor was really dark but nice. Lots of mirrors and art on the walls- and fully nude ones too, so I'm not sure if you want to take your young children here! Here are a few fun facts:1.Valet Parking (Small lot)2.Rooms are small but I suppose the decor makes up for it....3.No ice machines on the floors(4 floors); you have to go to the lobby where the lounge is and get ice from the bartender.4.Lounge/Bar- dark and cozy with a few tables and couches I believeI would definatly come back to this place in the future, especially for the price we paid.
4	The Artisan makes me feel like I'm back in LA--in a good way. The place has a lot of character and is a refreshing change from all chain bars and casinos in town. We decided to have dinner at Mood last minute (after trying to go to Wayne's sushi, which was closed for private party. Blargh). Anyway, arrived around 8:30pm on Sat night sans reservations and were seated immediately. There were a few other groups having dinner and a piano player providing some "mood" music (yeah, i know, terrible pun...couldn't resist). The manager came over to us right away and gave us a wine list and said the server would be there in a minute with menus and to take our drink order. He was very helpful and asked what kind of wines we preferred and said he might be able to suggest something off the list. Now, at that point I wasn't really sure if I was even going have to wine and felt a little uncomfortable when he started asking our price range, but I know he was just trying to be helpful. To his credit, he brought out a bottle of red and poured some for us to try and the bf and I both liked his choice. He asked if we wanted a bottle or just 2 glasses and we said just the glasses and he poured practically a half bottle of wine into 2 glasses. I always feel sort of pressured in those situations and I hate to ask how much it is, so I just hoped when we got the bill it wasn't going to be $30 a glass or something (turned out to be $15/glass for a generous pour so I was fine with it). As for the food, the first thing we got was the bread basket containing lavash, garlic infused sourdough (um, hello delicious warm garlicky goodness) and another type with raisins and walnuts I think--didn't try that one. We shared the Mediterranean plate to start, which had hummus, tzatziki and an eggplant dip with pita crackers. I'm a sucker for any kind of appetizer containing a trio of dips and this didn't disappoint. It was a generous portion, nicely plated and tasty. For our mains, the bf got the pork loin special and I got the swordfish. The pork dish was ridiculously huge--the bf took one of the 2 giant slabs of pork home--and came with mashed potatoes and veggies. I had a bite of the bf's pork and it was flavorful and moist, but perhaps was brined a touch too long because it was a tad on the salty side for my tastes. However, it was still good.  My swordfish was perfectly cooked and seasoned, but I do wish it had a bit more of the mango chutney with it. There was just a small spoonful of it on top. The fish came with jasmine rice and  veggies. The rice was surprisingly good (I'm not a big rice person) and I'm not really sure what was in it. It was almost like fried rice and I could swear a saw some egg in it, but I don't recall seeing that on the menu. Regardless, it was freaking yummy. The veggies were fresh and simply prepared--baby carrots, asparagus, squash. Our server was super on top of things. My water glass was never empty, and that makes me happy. The prices are super reasonable--all of the entrees are in the low $20 range and the appetizers are mostly $10 or under if I remember correctly.  We will definitely be back-and next time stay for drinks in the bar after!
1	One of the best and worst Las Vegas Experiences iv had. Now getting a Michael Angelo Suit with a Pool Table for under $500 a night on a Labor day Weekend last minute sounds great right? Well listen to this story. We Went to Las Vegas a day early innately staying at the MGM so we needed a room and they were all out we got recommended to this place by someone working at MGM. Now we get there at first scared to go in because it looked like a MOTEL 8 from the outside. But we gave it a shot anyways. We walked in and it looked really cool at first so were like this is better then we thought. We made friends fast with Jen the girl working up front and soon checked out there rooms. The first room they gave us with there standard room which was small but nicely decorated that had a busted door so for security reasons we asked for a room change. Instead of getting a room change we decided to shell out the extra cash and get the Michael Angelo Suit. Honestly it was tacky and looked and smelled like a place a pimp would bring his hoes for a Orgy. But whatever we decided to make the best of it.The girl who gave us the tour to the room mentioned that this hotel is NON-SMOKING but if u get the suit u can do whatever u want u can smoke there just crack open the window. Like a dumby we trusted her and smoked in the room to only find later  they hit ME with a $250 fee. The room was split between me and my cousin but i got hit with the fee. Then when i called them to ask for my money back they said they would give only half and i said fine. And then i saw my bill they didnt take it off i called back later they said oh yeah we were supposed to take it off but there manager reversed it and that if i want to pay half they decided i should have my cousin pay half of it which i was not going to do..There a bunch of let downs. My advice is just stay away from this place its shady get a real room at a real place like Palazzo or MGM or Wynn were u can smoke at least and not get hit $250 for a cheep wanna be motel 8 turned into a "LOCAL CRACK SPOT" hotel.
3	We were there for a wedding...For starters, the rooms are affordable. The decor is great! The drinks are not poured lightly! The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever been on! However... If you intend on getting a wink of sleep, do it elsewhere. Single pane windows... It sounded like the people outside were next to the bed! There was a huge space under the door which I put pillows in front of, everyone that walked down the hall we could hear. I was also sad our air wasn't working properly.If you enjoy a vibrating hotel that sounds like ugnn ughnn ugnn ughnn non stop from 2-8 am, and like hearing the neghbor above you, well then this is the place for you!!
4	I was here for a small symbolic [unofficial] wedding, and was surprised to see I was transported into a completely different realm/time upon entering.  It was as though I stepped into a murder mystery plot or a game of Clue when I entered the lobby.  Such ecclectic decor, you cannot miss out on anything - so make sure you tilt your head UP to make notice of the eerie paintings of people staring back down at you... in some rooms, it's mirrors mounted on the ceilings, so you'll catch yourself off-guard when you see yourself looking back at you.  I secretly hoped they had murder mystery parties here where you can role-play and find out who the culprit was, but they told me they had nothing of the sort... boo.Anywas, the wedding.  For a small symbolic ceremony, it was nice... minus the fact that you could NOT hear a thing any of them were saying when repeating vows.  This is a common problem for outdoor weddings, and this was a garden wedding w/ no microphone or speaker system.  The music was played on a boombox, so don't expect anything spectacular.  For the price the couple paid, I'd say they got a LOT for the value, and I need to gently remind you that this was just a symbolic wedding for their children to witness.  Not bad for a wedding on a budget.I am definitely curious to see what the rooms are like though, and might fancy staying here a night just to explore the many nooks and crannies of this hotel's eccentric decor.  Maybe next time...
5	My now husband & I began planning our wedding here in about March of this year. We were dealing with some scam artists named Sherrie Klute & Maria. We gave them a total of $500 for just the wedding ceremony which was fine we also planned on having a reception there as well. After Sherrie and Maria of Masterpiece weddings received the full $500 from us we didn't hear from them. Finally 4 months later we decided to just go into The Artisan to speak with a manager since our wedding was then only 2 months away and no plans had been made. The manager informed us that Sherrie & Maria were no longer affliated with them and they had no record of us! He immediately put us' in contact with thier new on site coordinator Cynthia (aka Wedding cordinator extrodinaire!) she immediately comforted us telling us they would honor everything that was promised to us by the mini troll lady (Sherrie) and her associate. She got more done for us in the 30 minute meeting than the troll lady did in 4+ months.  Cynthia took care of our wedding ceremony, all our flowers, our hors deorderves (from thier amazing restraunt) there was am issue with our bar where they served our guests call when we paid for premium, she quickly resolved that and extended our reception time for an hour and a half! For all our troubles 'we went thru with Troll lady and her company ( masterpiece weddings) Cynthia upgraded all of our table linen and just made our poolside reception stunning.(FYI just for our reception we paid about $2,500+ which isn't bad for premium bar and amazing hors de orderves)  My husband and I stayed in thier masterpiece suite which was such a cool place to hang out in. We ordered room service the next morning which was so tasty. I guess what I'm trying to say is that this place started out as a damn nightmare but then Cynthia came along fixed all of the troll lady's mistakes and went above and beyond for us. The hotel was so appealing and staff was incredible (except for the kid at the front desk texting instead of paying attention to guests lol) I highly recommend this place, I highly recommend getting married here ( only deal with Cynthia! stay away from troll lady Sherrie) I also highly recommend thier food and bar!Ps..Did I mention stay away from Sherrie Klute and masterpiece weddings???
4	This review is for the Artisan Lounge only:The Artisan is a cool, quirky  "lounge" where the decor sells the place.  It's dark, it's lush, and floor to ceiling covered with art reprints (or mirrors, in the case of the ceiling).  Most newbies to the Artisan probably get lost on the approach.  It's in the armpit of Sahara and the 15 (on the SE corner) and takes a couple of sharp right turns to actually get into the place.  Upon first arrival it appears that valet (free) is the only parking option, but if you drive past the "driveway" there is a parking lot down and on the right.When you walk into the hotel you notice dark, rich colors and the walls are covered with reprints of famous art.  There are cushy chairs arranged around book nooks, which I take advantage of for a refuge from the noise of the club.  I think the loudness of the music is my only real complaint - I think over the last four years that I've been visiting the DJ's have become more mainstream (not necessarily a good thing in my opinion) and the music has become louder - to the point where you have to yell to your friends.That said, I still go occasionally for the decor and people watching.  The lounge mimics the hotel lobby where there are art prints blanketing the walls and skirt onto the ceiling which they share with framed mirrors.  Friday and Saturdays they have a DJ that plays dance hits mixed with electronica.  If you hit the club early enough you can partake in the couches around the periphery of the club, and I advise checking out their little grotto area, especially if you have a small group.  Drinks ain't cheap, but they're no strip prices either (~$8 for a mixed drink).  I think it's a happy medium for what the place offers.If you want a break from the strip, but the feel of a club with a more creative and interesting decor, this is the place.  To just enjoy the atmosphere and actually be able to chat with your buddies, avoid Friday and Saturday nights.  I think every Vegas local should check it out at least once, and it's a great example for out-of-town friends to see that Vegas can be more interesting and unique than what is offered on the strip.  I can see this place existing in a town like Portland or Seattle.side note: I found the restaurant in the hotel completely mediocre, but have only been once.
4	The only thing I know is that I wound up here Saturday night/Sunday morning for an after party. With it being that early in the morning, it's all a bit of a blur, but  here's what a remember... The place was packed with people. Some DJs were pumping some electro house at the upper decibels. Decorated like an old Victorian hotel, it's a nice change from the Vegas glitz on the strip. There are places to sit, and an outdoor patio with heat lamps. It's all a little bit fuzzy, but I had a good time and would come back!
4	Creepyhipstercool
1	HOTEL. STAFF. CROWD.Purchased a room, bought bottle service, and gave more than enough money away to this place - only to be pushed out the hotel/club by some chump bouncer (with all my money, I.D., & personal belongings still in my room)  because I had taken the stairwell and came in from the back patio. Not having any idea, since I had only been there for less than an hour, apparently the patio was closed off for matienence. As I scream at the guy, waving my hotel key around, asking him what was going on over the loud music, he merely pushed me out the hotel and had me wait for another staff member to tell me it was okay to go back inside - NO SHIT! Stay far away from this place. Careless drunk fools who wouldn't give a damn if they just knocked your $10 drink out of your hand. And very rude staff who refuse to listen or be apologetic.
4	When I first moved to Vegas 3 and a half years ago a good friend turned me on to the Artisan. It's dark, funky lounge makes it somewhat of a hidden gem amidst the the many loud, bright, slot machine ridden hotels. It does seem that the prices have gone up in the past years and lately the weekends have been packed. I guess its a good thing that more and more people have been turned on to it, however I prefer it during the week when it's a bit more relaxed and you can find a lounge chair and enjoy a glass of wine or fun drink concoction ( they have quite an assortment of interesting absinthe cocktails).Overall this is a great place to escape the typical Vegas crowds, enjoy some interesting decor, and hopefully find a bit of space to dance;)
3	I'll be honest. I was looking for a cheap stay while in Vegas. This was the best deal I could find. It wasn't too far from the strip, but it was also close to where my friends are.It is a dark artsy hotel. I guess I should have expected it since it is called the Artisan. I really was blown away by how much art there was! It was almost over crowded, but at the same time, it is fantastic for those who love classical art.They had a bottle of wine in the room. They also have some sort of wine tasting I think I remember reading briefly, but I wasn't there at the time it was offered (I was out with my friends.) A lot of my friends are artsy and I wholly recommended this place since it fully suits their taste.As for me- I am into that scene, but I am more city than that, so to me, it was simply too dark. They have this little bar area where you can get some food and drink, but to me, it's kinda creepy. Then again, I was alone, so it is not nearly as fun since it wasn't very busy.I did take my time wandering in the place and checking out all of the art. It was worth it for sure since you'll be hard pressed to find such a thing anywhere else.In all, I think this is more of a place for you to take your artsy friends to and have a blast. For those who just don't do the art thing, you'll probably feel more at home elsewhere. Nice stay though.
4	Artisan Lounge definitely impressed me. I liked having so much to look at in the lobby and the bar and lounge area. This is definitely a scene some nights with dj's, but weekly nights are probably more chill. The whole parking situation is dire, but luck can be on your side!The atmosphere on some weekend night we went was great, the crowd had a good energy. It wasn't overly packed and it's easy to navigate around the lounge, the small dance floor stayed busy, and if you needed a break from the noise you could go to the lobby or patio and hang out. I find it funny that some other reviewers complained about "pot on the patio and coke in the bathrooms"...uh look at the people around you...you're at the Artisan, what do you think is gonna happen? Absinthe fairies appearing? Yeah, they got that too.
3	Good service....room was unique...neighbors next door partied til 6am...security n front desk did everything they could! Lounge is always a fun time...want to try Rumors next!!!
1	Let me first say that the Artisan Hotel is definitely a must see.  Very cool decor, and clearly it's a place to be seen as far as nightlife is concerned.My terrible experience however, relates to their service as a hotel rather than as a nightclub.  It would definitely seem that they are less focused on the former than latter.  (My wife and I are in our 20's, and pretty open-minded to any experience.  We're also Vegas locals, and have stayed at several places up and down the Strip, if that makes any difference.)We checked into our room in the around 5pm, and the room was adequate.  Cozy with very cool decor, but nothing fantastic.  We left the place to eat dinner and see a show elsewhere, and when we came back around midnight, the party was in full-swing.  We had to show our room keys just to bypass the nightclub line that had formed in front of the hotel... no big deal.We went to the bar, had a couple drinks, a smoke, and decided to turn in... apparently this was our mistake.Around 5am, we were awoken to a party in our 5th floor hallway.  This is beyond the control of the hotel if no one reports, so I called the front desk.A really uninterested guy answered the phone to take my complaint.  He promised to send security up to check it out. Meanwhile, the party gets louder, they begin smoking in the hallway which comes right under the door and right through the vents into the room, and they are calling their friends in the club downstairs to join them at the top of the 5th floor elevator.  I wait 10 minutes for this all to be handled by security... nothing.  I call downstairs again and am told that security would be up shortly.  10 more minutes and no change.I call a 3rd time, and am told by the same guy that they've been sent and he offers to move me to another room.  Now, I appreciate the concession, but the offer is somewhat insulting... my wife and i are going to pack up our entire room, change out of our pajamas, walk through the party in the hallway, and settle into a new room at at 5am?  No thanks.  So I open the door to find security ... who has finally arrived, but instead of breaking up the party, they only ask them to take it to their room, where they proceed to pump techno music ad nauseum so that entire hallway sounds like a rave.There was no sleep to be had.  Being locals, we did decide to pack up all of our things and change into our regular clothes, but we just walked out and went home.  Night ruined.  Thanks Artisan.
2	Yes, I am ruining The Artisan. Let me start by saying I have celebrated several birthdays over the years here and encouraged others. I have stayed in the rooms, dined here in the past and all I can say about it now is G-H-E-T-T-O. Not to be confused with ghetto fabulous either. The two stars is for the actual building and lighting and beautiful Gothic, eclectic decor and artwork making Artisan unique to others. The djs get a huge fist pound as well for spinning sick beats and being the only cool people left in the building. Now on to the huge three throbbing stars they will never see again. On my last visit it was a gorgeous night out and they had opened the patio. I venture out there thinking it would be a chic, chill place to listen to good music and have cocktails with friends. NOT. They were playing Justin Bieber through the sound system! Ugh. This is not Chuck E Cheese, people!!!! Secondly, if there was a waitress outside she was no where to be seen and I waited for over 30 minutes. Now to touch on the service. The Artisan use to have the most beautiful bartenders and cocktail waitresses in town. All with smiling faces and quick drinks just as you ordered them. The past two visits I made were for the after hours and I must say the waitresses all looked odd to me and not in a good way. One female looked sickly thin in her corset that appeared four sizes too large for her. The hair and makeup were not put together at all and she seemed on the verge of tears, too. The other looked completely TRASHED drunk and was slurring when getting our drink orders. When she stumbled back to bring our drinks they were all wrong times two rounds. Ugh. I don't know if she was bloated from all the alcohol she had been drinking, but her corset was ripping on the seams a bit! At least her blonde hair was "did" and she had glittery rave makeup on. I felt the service looked unprofessional and was unprofessional and both waitresses need interventions ASAP. This use to be the classy after hours all of the dancers from the shows and trendy locals would go to hide from the big clubs and enjoy drinks and friends in an upscale lounge. Now it appears like trash to me. If the staff is allowed to drink or not they should still be able to take drink orders and look professional. This place is a gem to Vegas and just isn't shining like it use to....... Work it out Artisan.
1	Ok so the decor inside is interesting and worth a look maybe even sit around and have a drink and look at the cheesy art copies on the wall but that's it. They are a late night place that attracts the looser art crowd of Vegas mixed with some white trash for good measure. Parking is a nightmare, they have very few spots. I got dragged to this hidden hell hole on a late saturday night and it was about half full with two rooms of people, one more of a lounge and the other more of a club and bar with a small dance floor and terrible music. No one was dancing and they would have been better off just putting it on the local top 40 radio station. My hats off to the waitresses though they were very courteous and fun.
5	Great bar with no gambling!!! A relief from poker screens staring at you from every angle.Art adorns every surface, and nooks and crannies abound.Excellent ambiance, a real Las Vegas original.
4	Oh Artisan, how I love thee. Your beautiful walls are decorated with paintings on paintings. I love your elegant darkness and the way I am magically transformed into another land, once I step through your doors. You are truly a sight to see.Oh Artisan, although I love thee, I wish thee didn't make me walk from my room to the bar to gather ice for my room. Why do you treat me so? Is it because you want me to see your art as I walk through the halls? Okay, but couldn't you have just put an ice machine on each floor?I forgive you, for you are so beautiful and your prices are divine!!
3	Looks like a shit-hole from the outside, but the interior is a lot different from any club or bar in Vegas. That being said, the techno music and the break dancers were a little much unless you like watching and talking shit, which is fun for a little while. The bartenders took a very long time and doesn't seem to have an organized system to serve it's patrons.Would go back if i had to, but wouldn't make plans to.
3	I'm not a huge techno fan AND this friggin guy bartender skipped me twice when I was trying to get drinks, so not a huge fan.. I only gave it three stars because the decor was real cool..
3	I just read some of the other reviews and chuckled inside. 1 reoccurring factor was how bad the bar is with service. These dimwitted bartenders there during happy hour  act like they could care less about getting people drinks. The bar server, this blonde girl, sat on her butt and stared into the crowd instead of checking to see if anyone needed a drink. Why 3 stars?Well, during the summer when I went there, DJ Brett Summers threw down at the pool area and the party had a dedicated bartender who was way awesome. Look, this hotel is really cool looking and I am sure by now the staff is resting on that saving them. The new owners have apparently improved the place , but not every one has bought into that.It IS a cool place with a vibe above the regular Vegas scene. If their service matched it I think they could justify their prices and really blow it out over the moon with some serious Vegas love.
4	My lady and i went and had a lovely lunch time. Beautiful decorated. Service was very nice. The bartender she is having one on the way so we give her extra tip and told her gOD bless her. Very intimate setting.
4	Super elegant hotel with a modern hip feeling to it.. the food at the restaurant was phenomenal, the calamari is a must have, one of the best things on the menu! the bar turns into a late night party after hours - you'll be surprised!
1	I stayed at this hotel the very first time I went to Vegas, which was in November 2006. It was scary from the moment we walked into the lobby. My friend said it best, "It looks like the kind of place you see in horror movies. The kind where you go in and never come out." I guarantee if you stay here you'll definitely want to come right back out. The elevators are spooky, and so were both of the rooms we saw. Yes, we saw two rooms because the room they originally sent us to was not ready. As in it looked as if the previous guests had left about 5 minutes prior to our arrival. It was a mess. The room we ended up staying in wasn't a whole lot better. the bathroom was disgusting (there was urine on the floor) the toilet barely worked, and the faucet handle kept coming off whenever you tried to wash your hands. Our room was right on the freeway side, so I guess it's a good view if you like looking out the window at the 15 (not to mention HEARING the 15 freeway). The staff did as little as they possibly could to resolve our issues, and the assistant manager was one of the most arrogant, condescending persons I've come across in life period, not just when it comes to hotel staff. He didnt offer so much as an apology, and was absolutely not subtle about the fact that he didn't want to be bothered with us. Our reservation was for 2 days but we checked out the morning after our 1st night there, we have no intention of going back, and want to warn any others that may consider staying at this hotel.Pros: NothingCons: Everything
2	I was severely disappointed with the service we received tonight. Our waiter was only scarcely seen.  We didn't receive bread until we had been seated for over 1/2 hour.  My husband ordered a caesar's salad with his pasta, which didn't come. I ordered soup with my salad, and my soup didn't come.  My brother ordered a salad that also didn't come. When we told our waiter he brought out a Cobb salad and asked if my husband and brother would mind sharing!  On a positive side, I did enjoy my food and the piano player was good.  The manager offered us coupons for buy one get one free coupons But we won't be back.
3	Let me start off by saying how unique this place is because if the decor inside. It feels like you're walking into an art museum that allows you to drink and party inside.  Free parking and no coverage and drinks are pretty affordable.  This was my escape away from the crowded strip and high class crowd.  I would have given this place a 5 star before because of the trendy social crown and the atmosphere that it brings.WTF happened to this place?  Every time I come here now, there are a bunch of ghetto ass people with even some sagging their pants down to the knees.  A bunch of annoying punks as well in the parking lot, drunk as hell talking sh*t.  Did someone pass out a flyer of this place in the ghetto and skanky side of vegas?  If i wanted drunk girls that all dressed in tight short, easy access dresses, I would have gone to Tao, XS and all these other nightclubs in the strip, but apparently they come here in the high numbers now also.  I am not feeling the type of people it attracts at all and I'm sure they would feel the same about the trendy and hippy crowd in downtown vegas.  This was my Friday night escape but now I guess i'll replace it with another place.And I agree with other reviews about how bad these bartenders are. Real bad service and no system set in place.
4	One of the coolest bar off strip. Gothic and noir theme. Drinks were pretty reasonable.  Pretty good after-hours.  The lobby is awesome, Great for hanging out with your friends.
4	I'm torn between a four and five star rating because of what I consider to be a cavernous gap between the quality of the rooms and the lounge. The Artisan is an exceptional little boutique like gem in the midst of the often overdone Las Vegas scene. It's non-gaming, close to the strip and still manages to have a really strong local following, which seems on paper like a conflict of interests, but is in fact what makes this place one of my favorites in Las Vegas. The lounge is what I love the most about the place. With an eclectic decor and an interesting seating arrangement, you can sit at the bar, in one of the booths or with a group of people and still feel like you are getting a sort of intimate experience. If I could create a modern version of what you'd expect of the legend of old Las Vegas, this is what I'd create. The rooms are all very small and each is themed after a different painter. If you book on Expedia or Travelocity, you can find REALLY exceptional rates over direct booking. I will say that I've had some underwhelming stay's in the room (hence my not giving this place 4 stars), but it's under new ownership and management, so I'm eager to give it another shot. Even if you don't stay here, I'd suggest coming for a drink. I've taken many people and everyone has loved the lounge. It's a really amazing way to round off your trip to Las Vegas.
4	A great after hours spot!  Atmosphere here is very lively. The decor fits the time and mood when you get there. Good high tempo music and did I mention, its free to get inside =) At least when I went on a Friday night through Saturday morning.
4	A friend of mine, from Vegas, recommended this hotel for us to stay this past Saturday. The room was a decent size king bed room. There was damage to one of the walls in my room, so I called the front desk to be certain I wouldn't be charged. This is a party hotel booked solid with birthday parties, wedding groups, baccalaureate groups and bday groups too. In the line for checking in, there was a group of 9 girls in front on me. The lobby was all ready full with a party at 7pm, and the music was all ready bumping. I checked out the lounge/bar/restaurant area. I sat at the bar, and a waitress tried to take my order and then the bartender stepped up and took over my order. Why the waitress would try to take my dinner order while i sat at the bar is beyond me (tips I suppose). The hamburger and fries were really tasty. The rum and coke wasn't strong at all (this was at 7pm, mind you,  before the raging party began.) Total for meal was 20 bucks. There is no gambling machines at all in the hotel, quite refreshing. Next door is the Palace Station casino. Kind of a dump and not really worth it with a little tiny poker room. When I got back to the hotel at 1am, the party was raging. Note: There are a few strip clubs right around the corner and there were plenty of party people in the lobby to the hotel already. There had to be 150 people tripping on E. There was a little dance floor there in the restaurant area that was full of people dancing the night, and the morning away. Overall, there was a ratio of 3 guys to 2 chicks all night. The crowd was mostly, White, Persian, and Black and some Mexican. If you are looking to sleep at all on a Saturday night, forget about it. The party down stairs, in the halls, in the lobby, and in the patio with music cranked up, celebrated until 10 am the next morning. No joke! I was hoping the hotel would provide ear plugs to muffle the noise... and in the bathroom there they were!I only got about 3 hours sleep. The people watching is fun. If I ever come to Vegas again, I will be staying here for sure. Rage on party people! lol
4	Prior to last night it had been a few years since I'd been here, glad I came back. It was Saturday night and we got into the lounge around 10 pm. Things were fairly quiet but gradually the music and the crowd got louder and bigger. Glad we got here early to score a table, but you can also get bottle service starting at $200 for a 750ml. All of the cocktail girls were very friendly and definitely made sure your drinks (at $9 each) never ran out. The people watching is great, much better crowd than the tweekers at Drai's. If you haven't been at least show up to marvel at all the eclectic crap everywhere, it sort of akin to living with Alice in Wonderland. There's a sign near the entrance that says, "Dress code strictly enforced." Not sure what the code explicitly details but obviously it allows ball caps, bandannas, fedoras, sneakers, T-shirts, and I'm guessing just about anything else you want to wear besides assless chaps. Next time I won't wait so many years to come back!
1	If you're looking for a good night's rest, DO NOT STAY AT THE ARTISAN!!! The desk clerk informed me upon check in that they have the "biggest after hours club in Vegas". This made me nervous for good reason. From 2am until 8am you can hear the the music, and that's with ear plugs. If that's not enough, you can be kept awake by the drunk clubbers yelling in the parking lot, peeling out in their cars. Tired and hungry upon arrival, I ordered a  flat bread pizza & a beer from room service. The pizza was disgusting! The dough was barely cooked . and all the toppings slid off when I picked it up. How do you fuck up pizza? They add a $3 service charge, plus a tip and then leave a line for you to write in a tip (very deceptive), so this added an additional $9 to my bill. $26 for a pizza appetizer and a beer. I was not happy when I checked out and let the manager know. They waived the questionable $10 "resort fee" for both nights and basically told me they were doin' me a big favor by doing so. I would never stay here again. They're throwing their guest under the bus to cater to club goers. It's too bad because it's reasonably priced and is furnished well. It is, however in the middle of an industrial park and cost between $15-$20 to get anywhere.
4	I was blow away at the cool factor of this place. It really is a hidden gem. The lobby is amazing..its straight outta Alice in Wonderland. A real trip to behold thats for sure.The pool is very small but they made sure the area is done up ultra cool. I wont miss the chance at a pool party there this summer!They have a library as well as 2 chapels, one indoor and one outside.I was told each room has a different artist as its theme. Cant wait to stay and check out the Dali room!Everyone was super friendly and I will be back.
1	I got married here at the beginning of the year and my experience was less than pleasant. I should have known something was up when I couldn't get my wedding coordinator on the phone for weeks at a time, WEEKS. Not until I called the front desk to ask for a manager did I receive a call back from her. I was planning long distance so I had a ton of logistical questions, so again I called her 2 weeks out. It took her a week to return my call despite numerous messages and emails. When I did get a hold of her a week before my nuptials, she informed me that the AVN was having their after party there on the day of my wedding. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Was I really going to have porn stars flouncing about while I was in my wedding dress? I have a pretty good sense of humor and I laughed the situation off. Only in Vegas could pornstars be at your reception.The actual stay was awful. DON'T STAY HERE if you want any sleep. The room next to us had a huge party with a deejay in their room. How is that okay?! There's already a club downstairs! Partiers were traipsing up and down the hall, smoking, and being generally obnoxious. We had to change rooms at 2am. Did I mention that it was the night before the wedding? Deplorable. The actual wedding ceremony was only great due to the fact that I got married. Cynthia our "wedding planner" assured me she would be there to handle everything. If handling everything means leaving stacks of ugly chairs in plain sight, messing up sound cues (3 songs people!) , and being completely rude to my wedding party and my guests, then yeah, she sure did handle everything. Our friends were in formal wear moving dirty furniture and cleaning the site for the reception because they couldn't find anyone to help. The photographer was laughably bad, the cake was miniature, and we had one waiter for the cocktail reception of 75 people. My bridesmaids and friends were opening champagne and pouring drinks for our guests. After wards, about 25 us went on to the restaurant to eat. I told her to please have extra staff on hand because we knew we were going to be eating there. There was 1 waiter and a restaurant manager that was so rude and clearly didn't know what was going on. It took 2 hours for people to get their food. Friends told me later that their food kept coming out incorrectly and regular patrons were leaving left and right due to anger. The police even showed up to eat dinner, waited forever, walked into the kitchen to find someone, and left after no one acknowledged them for 30 minutes. In summation, The Artisan is a joke of a hotel. It's dirty, the service is awful, and everyone there seems miserable. I'm really surprised that the place hasn't just imploded into itself. Don't stay here and definitely, don't get married here.
3	Well if there was a 3 1/2 I would give it that. I am torn between a lot of elements that can be 5 star and elements that are 1 star. So I guess I will start with the 1 stars.1. Parking is really bad and not labeled well, I got a parking violation sticker on my car from the Valet in area not marked as Valet in the Cantor lot.2. A lot of the help was very rude and after I asked for the Yelp Drinks menu when I got there one bartender would avoid me until I was the last person waiting for a drink. I will be professional and not call her out. However there were other bartenders that were good too. 3. The drink prices were too expensive for this type of place, you either need better drinks bigger drinks or drop the prices. There are places on the strip that is cheaper than this. (If you read my reviews I never complan about prices)4. Small BathroomsOk good stuff, 5 stars 1.The place looks great inside, I really like comfy chairs and mirrors on ceilings. A great artsy feel that is like wandering into the of a artist on extacy. With the looping Scarface and Pulp Fiction added in as well.2. It really is a hidden gem off the strip and you would not expect something like this in the area it is in.3. No gaming and it is small and initmate. It really has a house party feel.
4	This is a beatutiful hotel. Not only is it a boutique hotel but it is also on that hosts awesome pool parties. I took off to Vegas without a hotel reservation and was able to grab a two night stay here. The rooms were beautifully furnished. I have to say, I was blown away by this hotel. The rooms were about $106 per night, with only a few hours prior to our arrival. Parking isn't the best but as long as you read the signs carefully, you won't get any tickets or towed. I felt like I was in some sort of fantastic fairy tale land on shrooms when I arrived. The pool is pretty small but I must admit, it is a nice one. It's pretty crazy though, how many different kinds of people you will see here. One thing that I also love about this place is the real inexpensive bottle service. It's about $190 for a bottle, starting prices of course.  The hotel isn't far from the freeway. So, that's a good thing and a bad thing. If you are outside, the hotel passers by aren't always the most savory lookin' individuals late at night. I'm sure that's true pretty much anywhere off the strip. Anyways, I can't complain. This is a nice lil spot and we were lucky to be able to book a room on real short notice.
4	There's really nothing quite like the Artisan in Las Vegas.  It's cool without trying.  It's dark and mysterious and best of all . . . it's NOT on the strip!  I generally feel cooler just walking into the place.  The food at Mood is a bit hit or miss but there's no cooler place to sit at the bar and have a drink.  And the bartenders take their jobs seriously.  They mix up really good drinks and are very knowledgable.  Sometime you just feel like something different.I wish I could comment on the late night atmosphere (which I've been told is awesome), but like the Golden Girls, I go to bed early.
4	Theres so many ways to rate this place. Rooms? Cheapish and nice.Bar? Eccentric and cool.But what really brings me here is the after hoursThis place is great if you like house DJs and constantly shiver from the dousche chills at most other Vegas clubs.Its free for locals and open 24 hours on friday and saturdays. The crowd is whatever, and the back patio is a nice place to throw down on a conversation.  For my money its the best place for random run ins, example, a couple weeks ago my Mclovin looking friend starts laying random "I just broke up with my girlfriend so I really dont give a f**k" style convo into a brunette about 3 leagues above him. She bites and they talk for a while and when the number exchange came, she said, "you can find me on twitter, its @jennyhendrix". Sure, this is Vegas, that happens here, but then last week, I spent about 5 minutes talking to someone when she said "you look familiar" and I replied with my "o, you must watch gay porn" bit. She laughed it off and then confessed to me she had done some porn and told me her name etc etc... I dont really know the point other than establishing a baseline for the type of people who go here. Maybe nooooooot your babys mama, but then again, who am I to judge,  everybody needs to rock out sometimes right?O and FYI, the Hotel is Valet only, but you can just drive past it and park down the street if you like.
5	Great crowd, Great drinks, Great Decor and certainly a place I have always gotten into trouble.I used to come here quite a bit when I lived in Vegas.  This is still a great spot to chill with friends when I visit.  The only downside is parking (you must valet your car).  Although not a huge deal, it's a pain.The vibe here is great.  The bar and decor is simply amazing.  The other yelper who said it's like the Haunted Mansion is correct.  Overall, the place is very dark and has interesting touches all over the place.  I have come here a couple times during the day for a drink and love having a quiet place with great drinks.  At night, it's an interesting crowd, and indeed you never know what your going to get.  I have met some interesting creatures here for sure.  The drinks are huge and well priced.  WORD OF WARNING: BEWARE OF THE ABSINTHE MARTINI, it will mess you up.I have stayed the night here (see my warning above).  The rooms are cute.  They are artist themed.  Come with great robes and have a clawfoot tub.  I would stay here again, if I just wanted a night away but didn't want to be on the strip.  Overall, a great spot.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU PLAN ON SLEEPINGWhat initially drew me to this hotel was the great location (not on the strip), the great decor (which it does have), and the price was right (got it for 89.99 a night on a weekend). Apparently, I didn't pay enough attention to the reviews online when booking. Yelpers, I'm disappointed in myself for this. PARKINGThere is only valet parking. If you want to self parking, it must be done around the corner from the hotel on a side street, and then you have to walk. Lame. NOISEIt was not made clear on the website that this is one of Vega's few after hours clubs. Since the hotel is only 4 stories the noise inside the rooms is DEAFENING. We got no sleep the entire weekend. So now instead of having a restful weekend in Vegas, we're returning to LA tired and annoyed.
3	My boyfriend, daughter and I stayed there this past weekend and it was ok.  The staff was VERY friendly and the atmosphere was pretty cool but it is DEFINITELY an adults only type of hotel.  I can see my boyfriend and I really enjoying it if we were there alone for a nice get away.
4	Review is for bar/socializing only! I have not stayed in the hotel itself. This place is like some hip twenty somethings moved into an old Victorian Hotel and decorated it with all the cool treasures they found inside. There were plenty of places to sit with friends and have a conversation with them, including the patio which they could smoke while I drank champagne. There was a DJ playing music, but where it was before Midnight it was pretty standard dance fare - but there was a lot of dancing going which is always a bonus. I was only paying $8-10 a drink for wine and champagne so for me it was cheaper than drinking at the strip casinos. Bar staff was friendly, people around us were cool to talk to. Went in for a Steam Punk event and had a great time socializing with everyone. This is the place I take people who come to Las Vegas to visit me to party. Its artsy, different, and you can choose whether to talk or to dance.
4	I have never stayed in the hotel, just gone for lounging and drinks. I was introduced to this place by a local friend of mine on one of my visits a few years ago and I fell in love. Today it's one of my absolute favorite places to visit when I go to Vegas. From the outside it's quite funny because it's very industrial looking and it's on a street filled with nothing but strip clubs. But once you get inside it is entering a different world. The decor alone is what is so attractive about this place. It's unique without being pretentious. There's always a great place to lounge and socialize. I love the location-- just off the strip. Though what sucks is they only have valet parking. And another tip is if you're visiting better do your research and make sure no special events are going on. Last time I went there were a lot of people there and I was hit on a couple times but I politely declined.... when I met my local friend for lunch the next day he told me there was a swingers party there. HAHA. At least they were polite.
4	My husband and I were in the area to run some errands and decided that since so many people have told us so many great things about the Artisan, it was time for us to experience it for ourselves. We decided to have a drink and share an appetizer in the lounge. As others have stated parking is valet only and it could be more clearly marked. The valet assumed we were headed to the pool, and when we said we weren't he looked very surprised and told us that the pool parties at the Artisan are something we really needed to check out. I was definitely intrigued by this, and a little sad I didn't have a bikini stashed in my trunk... The lobby of the Artisan is beautiful. Definitely something people need to see for themselves, words just can not do the decor justice. My husband and I sat at the bar and pointed out different pieces of artwork to each other that we liked. The first bartender was kind of an asshole, I asked if we could order food in the lounge and his response was to sigh and say "I guess." My husband overheard our second bartender (that took over for him after he brought out our drinks) complaining about his work ethic as well so my guess is he wasn't just having a bad day... She did a great job though. We ordered nachos and they took forever because of how busy the pool area was but she was super apologetic about it and we really weren't in a rush... After we had our nachos and a couple drinks, we decided to explore the property a bit. Everything inside was dark, elegant and sexy. The pool area was pretty small, with topless sunbathing optional. Unlike some other pools I have been to with topless sunbathing, many of the women I saw at the Artisan pool actually were topless. The dj was spinning some dubstep and people looked like they were really enjoying themselves. My husband and I will definitely be back to the Artisan to party at the pool and maybe even make a night of it..
4	One of these days I'm going to rent a room here for the night! This place is so COOL! The lobby has this ambiance of an old spooky, dark, eclectic, art filled hotel, like La Louvre meets the Bates Motel. I love coming here- they have a bar, lounge, dance floor, pool, patio, lobby, plenty of places to sit- Its great! Drinks range from average to pricey- so if your looking for cheap you're not going to find it here- BUT normally on a Friday or Saturday night that have a Dj and the music changes from Techno, to R&B, Hip-Hop, and Old-school. What I like the most about this place is the crowd- which is never the same- there's always a mix of young, old, odd, tall, and short :b To me, this is the type of place you want to come with a crowd of friends or maybe if you have a date and want to impress the person you're with ;) They have a door man and bouncers but I do not believe there is a cover, at least there is never a cover when me and my friends go, unless there is an event going on... and most out of towners stay at the hotel....
5	While I haven't ever stayed at the Artisan (I'm local), I have been to the beautiful bar and dining area many times.  I have also used the dining room for several lunch and learns and business presentations.  The place is unique and stunning.  And the staff has always been outstanding and a pleasure.
5	This review pertains to the lounge onlyIf you're getting fed up with all the usual Vegas stuff, the gigantic casino resorts and the long lines outside all the clubs, you should head down to the Artisan lounge and enjoy the boutique atmosphere, the great music and ... their delicious cocktails, of course.This place is so different from "typical Vegas" and never disappoints My fave bartender is Dannie - he's always friendly and attentive, and creates mindboggling concoctions with a smile. I usually go for the crazy after hours vibe ... and the accompanying house music :)
5	Ive never stayed at Artisan but I go there for the after hours and to lounge out. Its a place if your not looking for like a "night club" but still have good music and to hang out. Its definitely my kind of place with a hipster feel but the service is great. I got service from bartender, Danny and everytime I go there, I will wait for him to help me, or go to the side of the bar he is working. He always takes care of me and the people Im with. Definitely friendly and always attentive.
3	Artsy fartsy. We stayed here for our cousin's wedding. I like places like this! Art all over the place. Sometimes, it even felt haunted at times and that the eyes in some of the paintings were following me. I loved the ambience of this place. No gambling here, so it felt like we weren't even in Vegas, but a small boutique hotel in LA or SF rather.Our room was A-ok. First room we checked into was dirty. Used washcloth on our bed and toilet paper on the floor. Disgusted, I requested for a new room immediately. I was hoping to get upgraded to a bigger room for the inconvenience but that didn't happen. We changed to a similar room, but it was cleaner nonetheless. Dust on the remote control and clogged up bathtub were my only complaints. Our cousins, however stayed in one of the penthouse suites. Pretty sweet I must say. Same suite the Kardashiens stay at when they're in Vegas. I will not be staying here again, but it was a cool experience.
5	Okay, I have to admit:  I never stayed at the hotel here. I honestly didn't even know there was a hotel here.  Originally we were taken here by a couple of really cool locals who we partied with at Rain. When the lights came on, we of course wanted to chase the dragon and keep the party going. Lo and behold there's this awesome after hours spot called the Artisan that the locals go to.  No crazy entry fees or lines. I've never been anywhere like this EVER in Vegas and I'm grateful that it exists. The interior was awesome. Paintings, statues, everything all mushed together.  And it had a huge water fountain in it. Like a water fountain you'd usually see OUTSIDE on a big estate. There are so many neat dark corners in this place and the music was awesome. DJ Stellar is off the hook and kept the progressive trance/house party going on all MORNING long. And they have this gorgeous bartender with giant eyes that I totally crushed on. I know. Gay, right?  Haha!  Come on.  It's VEGAS!  Yeah, we left totally happy and satisfied even if the sun was up at at'em when we left.  We were so thrilled we didn't waste all our money at the strip clubs we usually end up at. We'll definitely be coming back. Thanks Artisan!
4	I am definitely a fan of this place!! I always have a good time here, decent service, decent priced drinks, good dancing vibe, Beautiful people...great place to be at, the whole lobby is opened for the after hours crowd as well as the pool area as well so finding a place to seat is NEVER a problem here.
4	BRING EAR PLUGS! This place is rockin -  weekend afterparty goes till 6 or 7am and then the pool DJ starts at 11am and you can hear everything from every floor of this cozy hotel. Also its by a highway so there is always noise of some sort. DOG FRIENDLY (under 25lbs). Friendly staff, good food, comfy beds, great price AND if you're a traveling dancer you get a discount with your sheriff's card. The only thing I didn't like was its so dark everywhere all the time... feels like a dungeon but I guess its good when your partying. Also love that they have a topless pool. Its nice to get away from all the mega pool parties that take forever to get into and cost a lot. I just like to chill with music and not get tan lines. Great spot.
3	Ahhhhhhh, Artisan Boutique Hotel........ How Excited I was to be able to book a room there this past Saturday. How pretty the pictures were. Topless pool. Ultralounge! The list goes on. What we actually got:1. Nice Valet guy.2. Nice registration clerk, smiley and helpful.3. Only 1 elevator. 4. Extremely dark lobby and hallway to the point of being spooky.5. Very small but cute room. To note that every room features different artists, mine was Roy Lichtenstein room 325.6. Everything was clean but the bathroom was missing essentials e.g. soap, shampoo, lotion. No biggy, I brought my own. What I did not bring was the blowdryer for my hair. Neither the bathroom had it. So airdry it is.7. Free porn. Hmmmmmm, what kind of hotel is this? Looks classy but now I'm thinking a Brothel.8. After dropping our bags we are heading to the famous lounge and see the pool area. When we got to the elevator 2 people that wearing the Hotels  uniform are standing there waiting. They do not greet us. Ok. No biggy. We assume, big mistake, that they are heading down. They dont ask us where we are going, they just kind of blocked our view of the call buttons. When the elevator finally after full 5 minutes gets there it is apparentely going UP! Oops. Inside there was another guy that works there, tall, blond, wearing glasses, sorry I dont have the name, invites us in to ride up with him instead of just waiting again. Very nice guy. We go in and take the ride. On the way back down of course we stop at our original 3rd floor and those two people still there but talking to someone and dont let go of the elevator, just holding it up basically. We are still OK but getting kind of irritated. 9. The lounge is very very nice. Beautiful art everywhere including the ceiling. Lots to see. The bartender was friendly and fast. Drinks decently priced10. A  girl wearing a bathing suit walked in to the bar. It looked ridiculous! How is anyone allowed inside being almost naked and dripping water? Fail!11. We went back to our room to get ready to go out. I was naked when I heard someone just outside the door, then that someone put the cardkey in, I'm thinking Wrong room, the door wont open, they will realize it and it will be over. Big mistake! The door was actually unlocked and started to open when I screamed to stop. I grabbed the towel and looked out just to find a girl that works there( just to say that it was one of the people by the elevator earlier) just walking away. I asked her if she needed anything, her reply was, verbatim,"I got the wrong room". WTF? How about knocking? 12. We left for the evening. Came back around 5am and saw extremely drunk girl standing up on all fours and throwing up in the bushes. Really? Boutique Hotel? The lobby is packed with people, loud music, party is going on full blast! Very cute doorman. We actually had no problem falling asleep with all the commotion going outside. In the morning we checked out and decided that we will NEVER come back here again. If the management is reading this review please remind your staff to knock before opening any doors and be just a little bit more friendlier. 3 stars only for the interior as for the rest is a major FAIL!
5	So this is my second review of the Artisan. My first one was not so nice. I was approached by management and asked to give it chance #4 and honestly I'm so GLAD I did! My Husband and I booked a room in April upon our arrival we valet' our car and the valet ( yet again ) was very cold and not helpful at all.. We checked in with the front desk and what a huge difference! New staff thru out the hotel all whom were eager to accommodate you. The manager was training a new front desk person and both were incredibly friendly and kind. We went up to our small but beautiful room and quickly went down to the lounge for some tasty cocktails. We were greeted by beautiful and kind bartenders who were extremely quick with our beverages. After a few drinks we went to Mood restraunt for dinner. A manager greeted and seated us immediately and he himself brought us our bread basket. We were then introduced to our servers Wes and I believe the woman's name was solie.. Not 100% sure but she was of African American decent and was super awesome. They kept our drinks flowing and delivered our meals in a timely manner. After our meal we lounged around Artisan renewing our love for this hotel and reminiscing over our wedding and reception we had there in October 2010.  So as you may have gathered we LOVE The Artisan and the incredible staff especially our 2 servers from Mood ( not so much the valet lol ) and have since returned many times since April with many friends as well. Thank you Artisan for being consistently incredible for the last 3 months.
4	I treated my husband to a surprise staycation at the Artisan. The valet attendant helped me with my bags, and the employee working the front desk was able to accommodate my special room request (the Salvador Dali room), they even had it ready 30 minutes early. And what a lovely room it was... well, other then the questionable looking stain on one of the decorative pillows. It  was small but had everything we needed... Even a free porn channel! Yes, as some other reviewers have stated you can hear the music from the pool and club all day and most of the evening on weekends. You can also hear noise from outside like the sound of Harleys driving by.  We were on the 4th floor so the noise level was acceptable, we were able to get a little sleep. I'd advise against ordering food in the bar area, as tempting as it may be. I did not learn my lesson after the the last time I was here... Over an hour had passed before I inquired where our food was, and then when we received it the food was not even correct. It tasted good though... The people at the Artisan to party were quite an interesting group to watch. We could have done without the douchey guys that don't understand the concept of personal space, but otherwise it was a fun time.  Overall, we had a nice stay. Not a place I'd recommend for light sleepers but if you want to enjoy some Vegas nightlife and then stumble up to your room at 3 am, it's a fantastic option!
1	If you read all the other reviews you will see over and over people say how cool this place is, and it is, don't get me wrong. I would give this place 4 stars on my past experiences, but those were lost after last night. Apparently this place is too cool for regular people now and needs a dress code to keep them out. Tried going here with two of my buddies for a few drinks last night. Was turned away at the door. No flip-flops they say. First they were black leather sandals. Second why does this not apply to girls, as we walked away we saw a group head over. One had on flip-flops, we said let's see what happens, they all walked right in. Now these girls weren't dressed slutty, and they were not super model attractive. Normal people. Third I have been here a few times in the past and they didn't have a dress code. It was a really great place for locals to hang out. Very unique lobby / bar / lounge, with all the paintings on walls and ceiling. It just has that I'm cool atmosphere. Seems its so great though they can afford to choose whose money they want and turn people away. So if you're looking for a place where you gotta dress the part and look cool, head on over. If you want a low key place to just chill and have some drinks and not worry about what you're wearing, go elsewhere!
4	Great little spot.  Have staycationed here a couple times and always have a blast.  The lounge is very chill until about 10pm when the party starts...and goes on all night long.  Still far from the club feel on the Strip, which makes it even better.  Rooms are tastefully decorated, and the beds are comfortable.  Great job on this one Siegel Group!
4	The hubby surprised me with a little staycation here for our anniversary. I was so psyched since I loved this place from the moment I saw it back in March. We had a nice suite with a bottle of bubbly waiting in the room. The room was really big & had a weird feature..a walk in closet. Never saw one of those in a hotel!The pool area is so nice and chill. It really reminds me of the old hotels in Miami back in the day.The lounge had a steampunk theme going on at night and it was awesome to get lit up watching the show. Such amazing costumes. We were there on a good night for sure. I didnt even know Vegas had a steampunk scene! They were playing amazing music. Who ever was the DJ was on it. I loved the music.We didnt eat on site since we had other things to do...next time we will try it out. I remember the food being pretty good at the Yelp event awhile back.We will defiantly be back. This place is awesome.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!!! I rarely give 5 stars however in this case I wish I could give it 10 stars My bf surprised me with a 2 night stay here because he knew how bad I wanted to try this place out. Let me tell you I was in HEAVEN! This place is like no other a hidden jewel, It's boutique and definitely unique! So we stayed 2 nights and he got this package that included the room and breakfast and lunch and also unlimited drinks at their lounge. Let me start by saying when you walk in its dark and you see art EVERYWHERE. ITS GORGEOUS. The staff is super friendly, and will answer any questions you have. The rooms are amazing very unique dark colors lots of art kinda goth a little small but I didn't need it to be any bigger it was just the 2 of us. Their lounge is awesome great drinks and an amazing DJ super friendly bartenders and again very dark and artsie.This is where we spent most of our time and even met a few cool locals here. Their restaurant is delicious for breakfast I ordered the french toast which was breaded in cornflakes and cinnamon mmm mmm good! For dinner I had a Caesar salad and I believe chicken Marsala very tender chicken and the service was very good. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to go into there beautiful pool because it was winter but its absolutely gorgeous and ill have to try it out next time. I have no complaints about this place I had an amazing time by far my favorite hotel in Las Vegas you must try this place out if you like something different and unique!!!
5	I can only speak for the bar.  What a cool atmosphere.  It was very dark, there were paintings all over, mirrors on the ceilings, antique looking bookcases with old looking books...There was no cover.  Lucky for me, I had a local who was my tour guide.  We arrived about 3am and danced until 7am, fueled with quite a few vodka and Red Bulls.  Quite a different place, you must try it!  You might end up dragging yourself out when the sun comes up!
5	hhmhmhmhmhhm Labor day weekend in Las Vegas? Long Lines, over priced entrances for guys, and a crazy a$$ time. This place is free, and didn't have a line to get in. Thanks Artisan After hours! I really enjoyed the smallness of it all, and the music was off the chain Saturday night, well Sunday morning. Guys make sure to wear T shirts, Polo's, or button down shirts, and no shorts. The drinks are pretty expensive, $ 12 for vodka and soda, but that's Vegas. The bartenders are cool, considering everyone's state of mind at 6am. Security is chill, just don't act a fool. This place kept going till 8:30am, and the die hard partiers still kept on dancing, till the end! Overall I love this place. Its free, no line, and everyone is just there to have a blast. I don't smoke, but the outdoor patio was fun, and was playing the music from inside. Great place to sit when your feet hurt from dancing all night. Thanks Artisan Afterhours!!!!!!!!You really made my labor day weekend.
1	I had heard about this place from a friend and was excited to try a new place in Vegas that was off the strip and looked to be a cool little hideaway from the regular crazy that is Las Vegas. Wow was I mistaken.We arrived Friday afternoon and were impressed with the decor and the design of this hotel. It is really unique and for those into this sort of look (turn of the century Parisian art gallery with a little bit of a hipster brothel thrown in for fun), it's gorgeous. The staff seemed friendly enough and the front bar was cute and seemed a nice place to grab a drink before we headed out for the night. When we returned at around 1130, we were greeted by two no-necked stereotypical huge doormen in suits who asked for our ID's even though we were guests of the hotel. As we walked to the elevator to go up to our room we noticed that the bar had gotten louder and the music was that annoying no melody thumping bad techno. But whatever, not my scene, but I'm okay with whatever they want to do. Until we arrived back in our room on the 3rd floor and realized that the bass from the bar downstairs was SO LOUD it was rattling our beds and making it impossible to sleep. The hotel had pre-warned us that things get loud and offered us earplugs. They didn't help. About 4 am, after no sleep, I finally called the front desk to try to get us moved UP to a higher floor number where maybe the noise level would be lessened. BRIAN answered the phone and offered NO HELP. He was rude and unapologetic, not to mention simply uninterested. After taking a rather strong sleeping pill at 4 am and still using the earplugs, I finally was able to get some sleep. The next morning, we asked again about moving up to a higher floor to try to avoid the thumping. Though the morning staff was a bit more apologetic, they still seemed really uninterested and it took us pestering the front desk clerk all day to get them to move us to the 4th floor.While waiting for the room switch, we decided to go have a lounge by the pool. The pool is just like the club all over again. A guy who looked like a reject from Jersey Shore DJ'ed all afternoon and kept the music SO Loud we couldn't talk, and there were several groups of Jersey Shore wannabes being louder and raucous and obviously drunk. Our pool experience was ruined as well.Finally getting into our now on the 4th floor room late in the afternoon, I was just happy to get the hell out of there and go out to meet some friends in town, but again, when we returned around midnight, the noise level was again SO LOUD that the bass was thumping through the floor - even 2 floors above the club. Though at least this time, it was muffled enough that with the earplugs allowed me to get some sleep - even though I could still hear it a bit. This place is ridiculous. It is trying way too hard to be cool. It is low class no matter what the decor looks like. The food in the restaurant is just OK, not spectacular. The cast of Jersey Shore would love it. I did not. I will not be back, I will tell all of my friends how bad our experience was and I will post anywhere and everywhere that this is the worst place in Vegas.
4	I LOVED the Artisan! First things first is I fell in love with the smell of the place.  Smells so good you don't want to leave. I am an artist so i appreciated the decor and loved the ambiance.   I had dinner with a friend-nobody greeted us so we sat ourselves.  Wes was our server and he was GREAT!  The only negatives I have is that they were out of a lot of products-wine especially.  Wes made some good recommendations so we tried what he suggested and made do... They were also out of some food items so we had to switch courses.  We got the filet-which was fantastic but slightly overcooked.  The lobster mac and cheese was to die for!  I will definetly dine here again and next time will stay in the hotel.  I heard the after hours bar is an awesome place to hang out so i will be going back.
1	This place is COMPLETELY over-rated! The drinks: $4 for a club soda tap and $9 for a gin & tonic well. The gin & tonic was 30% gin, 70% tonic, which makes it quite a lame ratio considering vegas standards for less $$.The staff is rude. The DJ sucked. The people were BLAH. The decor is the only redeemable quality hence the 1 star, but service, ambiance, price, and scene almost ruined my night.Oh and I almost forgot to mention how you had to risk your life crossing the vast desert they consider a parking lot just to get to the place. Right next to freeway entrances and exits, and no crosswalk made it a jaywalkers nightmare (or thrill depending)!
5	The Artisan is growing on me the more I go.  I was just there October 9th 2011 and got a suite at a very reasonable price to celebrate a birthday.  The experience and contact I had starting with the Valet to bumping into the General Manager was both courteous and helpful.  The Hotel itself has a character all its own, it's like the Haunted House at Disneyland meets a Rave.  The pool is quaint and personal but still has cabanas, and they have their own Chapel in case you get really drunk in the Picture Bar and meet that girl of your dreams.  As a matter of fact, I think I will go back this weekend!  Kudos!
4	Bottom Line (in the first line...lol):  I'll be back.PRO:  The price was awesome ...about $100/nite w/ bottle of champagne included on our arrival : )PRO:  Bedding was comfy;  Very Clean;  rooms were individualized/unique.PRO:  The hotel lobby, bar, etc. is GORGEOUS in a tongue in cheek gothic sort of way - just really fun decor that makes you want to take a lot of sexy pics ; )CON:  Rooms weren't as luxurious & decadent looking as they are in the pics - - but this could be that we got one of the rinky-dinkier rooms.   I did notice some rooms looked way cooler than others.  Also, the bathroom amenities were terrible - - - but, i'll give those up for the lower price!  ....i like to use my own shamp/conditioner anyway.PRO/CON:  Even though they're a smaller operation than what you'd find on the strip, they DO have a restaurant w/ room service.  Sometimes just eating something....anything...will help you feel more human the morning after many redbull/vodkas.  The room service did its job...our blood sugar levels were normalized.  .......However, the food was just barely "eh"....the chorizo quesadilla was sooooo greasy - but, I'm probably just being a Hermosa Beach brat.  It's a quesadilla - they're greasy sometimes.  That being said...if the room service is any indication, I'd steer clear of their restaurant for dinner reservations.CON:  Even though they're a boutique hotel, they still charge the "highway robbery" prices of the big places like The Cosmopolitan.  I almost agree with high prices at a hotel that has so much upkeep (like the gorgeous "Chandelier Bar" at Cosmo....) but, in a smaller place like Artisan, I don't agree with such a raping for 2 simple Vodka/Diets - with tip: $24.  Screw you...I'll bring my own vodka & order a diet next time.CON:  We didn't have much hot water : (  Cool/Lukewarm showers suck.PRO:  In October the pool was warm, quiet & relaxing - no music (except what we were playing on our laptop).  Daybeds & cabanas were free.  I heard that during the summer this is a much more "happenin'" pool spot, but i get the feeling that it's a little more chill party than what you'd find at those frat house on steroids type pools.PRO:  The party downstairs is crazy on busy nights (we were there Fri & Sat nights & the place was nuts until 7am.  One of the best DJ's I've ever heard...such an ecclectic mix of house, world music, pop, & electronic.CAUTION:  We had to hit it early Sat night b/c my gf wasn't feeling well & yes, I could hear the party downstairs, but honestly it wasn't more than just a soft murmur in the background.  But, we were on the 4th floor ....if you're a baby about noise, just ask for the 4th floor and save yourself some whining.  Those people on the 2nd floor were probably getting an earful.Like I said, BOTTOM LINE (at the bottom this time ; )  ----we'll be back!
4	I can only speak for the bar, on an off night, on a week day..:) I went there for a drink/ a cup of coffee, with the place nearly deserted, it was the exact vibe I was in the mood for. It's dark, it's artistic, it's plush, and you want to melt into the space. There's outdoor seating as well, that's equally inviting. I hear it gets pretty packed during nights and weekends, and I may not like it as much. But I'd recommend going there on the worst night, and hang out with a friend or two, or even take a date there. Great vibe, great atmosphere, Love it!
4	I love going to The Artisan!  Even when it's a slower night, there's usually still great music.  I like the vibe and the ambiance it's very artsy.  When it is crowded though, I like going outside to the patio area and chill and talk.  The patio is well lit with lots of little lights wrapped around the trees. I LOVE IT!The drinks are okay for the most part, usually there's way too much ice, but still there's usually no lines to get in, no fees to pay extra and it's not overpriced so I don't complain too much.
1	We went to the club that was in the Artisan, and it was definitely and interesting time. Some in a good way and some not. We had gotten there a bit early, around 11pm. When we got there, were was barely anyone there, so the bar wasn't packed at all, and the bartenders basically decided not to serve us for at least 30minutes. It seemed like a last resort for them to serve us. We had 7 girls, and waited at least 30 minutes each time to get a drink. Even when I went by myself, I had to wait at least 15 minutes longer than anyone else, even people that showed up after me got drinks before I did. It was pretty ridiculous, and I'm a fairly patience person. Our guy friends had gotten a table and had ordered 2 bottles, and it took the waitresses at least 45minutes to bring out the bottles, mind you, there was still barely anyone at the club, so there was no reason why it should've taken so long to get drinks. The crowd was quite eclectic. There were some people dressed up because it is Vegas, but then since this is off the strip, there were people dressed up as cows, Jesus, and prisoners. So basically, you can show up wearing whatever to this place, I honestly think there isn't a dress code. Later in the night, it started filling up, but we only stayed till about 230a. It was ok, not a fav, especially since the service was pretty horrible.
1	Other yelpers mentioned this but I didn't listen; I wish i had- DO NOT stay here if you plan on sleeping. We made the mistake of booking a room on a Friday and Saturday night. The first night i did not sleep a wink. I expected the music to be loud and to continue to the early morning so that was fine. BUT what i wasn't ready for were the crackheads next door that brought the party to their room and the hallway and kept it going until the next morning. THEN the couple next door argued from 6am-8am and we could hear every word because the walls of the rooms are paper thin. Worst night ever, it was so bad that I had to ask for a room change. Now that I got that rant out of my system here are a list of pros and cons:CONS:~worst night's sleep ever. I had to buy earplugs and sleeping pills for my second night.~The doors are all a little off so everyone has to slam their door to close it which starts to hurt the ears after a while~The room had really poor craftsmanship. Popcorn ceiling, the bathroom felt dirty and the tile grout looks like a 5 year old did it. There was also damage in the ceiling above the shower that did not look safe.~The hotel is right off the freeway (seriously super close, it's practically  IN THE FREEWAY! The off ramp should be named 'Artisan Hotel') it's in a very sketchy looking area. Down the street from about 5 strip clubs and an Adult store that advertises 'Adult TAPES'...not even DVDs!?!?!? haha~The windows  were so thin they might as well have been open since I could hear every car and activity that was happening outside. ~It was supposed to be a non smoking hotel but the hallway on the top floor smelled like smoke and sometimes the smell would creep into our room. PROS:~The bed was soft and comfortable.~The sliders we had at the restaurant were good for an evening snack. ~The decor in the lobby is absolutely beautiful. I loved looking at all the art they had up. This almost made me give them two stars but then I remembered the lack of sleep and how it made me feel like a zombie the following day almost ruining my vacation. ~The price of the room is a pro but remember: you get what you pay for.
5	I love this spot! It's my favorite hotel in Vegas.This amazing hotel was carefully conceptualized. Everything from the hallway decor to the bathroom shower head was though out. Even if you are not into art, you can't help but enjoy the atmosphere. Have never made it to Mood Restaurant or the after hours as I'm always beat by the time I get back to the hotel. Some reviewers complain about noise - who goes to Vegas to sleep anyway?? I personally haven't had a problem with noise the 2 or 3 times I've stay here. Cons: Only valet parking (a turn-off for some) and you can't walk right up to the strip, but it's a short drive/cab ride.I highly recommend staying at The Artisan.
3	The Artisan is an interesting hotel & lounge. The decor is dark with paintings of famous artist spread around all over the walls & ceilings. The hotel room itself is painted grey and also has some paintings inside. The hallways are a little creepy and so is the one elevator that has red lighting inside. Cheap for $99 a night on weekends. Valet is sort of rude, we waited outside for at least 10-5 minutes and he was actually just in the corner smoking instead of doing his job. He is not as welcoming as he probably should be considering he's the first person to greet you at the hotel. I would recommended to park across the street in their "self-parking" which is just a dirt parking lot, literally dirt no concrete. Its not a far walk though, it's literally across the street saves you time to wait on the valet that's pretty slow and saves you money from tipping out the rude valet guy. The ladies st the counter were however very polite. The bus boy and housekeeping were the most courteous. We arrived at our hotel at around 5:45 pm when check in's at 4pm and our room still wasn't ready! we had to wait about 8 mins, considering the housekeeping were very polite we did not really mind. We asked for our complimentary champagne that the hotel offers you from booking on their website and house keeping was very efficient in delivery our bottle another plus! One thing I didn't like though was thst when house keeping cleans your room they do not provide you with  new soap and shampoo bottles which most hotels do. The phone in the room also did not work so we could not call for housekeeping. The lounge is open till 8 am and it does get crackkin! Not my choice of music though it more for ravers that are most likely on ecstasy, but hey it's Vegas to each is own :) You can hear the music a little bit from your hotel room , we were on the 2rd floor just one floor above the dance floor . The noise didn't bother me too much because I was so exhausted from my own night of partying I knocked out right away. By the time you wake up the party downstairs is gone. Artisan would not be my first choice but for somewhere cheap I would consider going back here. :)
4	It's the only place that I feel normal because I'm still up at 5am and everyone there is wide awake too lol!! I love the artisan but the drink prices are stupid.
1	Artisan, I am officially done with you.Explanation: I was here Saturday night with a large group of Yelpers to celebrate the birthdays of two incredible ladies Angela H. and Jade W. They were given a bottle of vodka and a table compliments of the hotel.This was the link we used to access the specific details about the DJ and specials for that night. It's since been updated to the coming weekend, but it was the same drink specials....so we thought.http://artisanhotel.com/blog/saturday/Of course I see a DJ I like and $5 Ketel One drinks and get all kinds of excited. WRONG. We go to the bar and order two Ketel drinks and they were served to us in the smallest plastic cup and told the total was $20. WTF Artisan? What happened to the $5 drink specials? We then wait for someone who said they were the manager only this man was in a black Artisan t-shirt like the bussers wear. Strange. He then tells us that it says on the site that the specials are subject to change at any given time. Well, I sure don't see that written anywhere on the event flyer, do you? Since they were not honoring the special they were advertising we paid for our drinks, tipped and took off. The birthday girls and the rest of the group shortly followed. See Artisan, you just aren't cool anymore. The crowd isn't what it use to be. There IS no crowd anymore. By pulling what you did to us Saturday night I'm sure you will continue to be empty. Shame on you Artisan.Signed,No Longer Your Customer
5	We came here for their after-hours Halloween weekend. People who complain about drink prices, it's VEGAS. Everywhere you go is going to charge you that, OR more. So bite the bullet, or predrink.I've always wanted to go here, based on the pictures on their website. Looks like a dream, with deep colors, mirrors everywhere, art throughout. My boy insisted on stayed at a casino, so we stayed at the Palazzo, but took our partying here. The only spot that I saw with absolutely no cover on Halloween weekend. Cheers to that! The place was packed, and we had a prime spot on the dance floor, and as the hours went by, people were still filling the place! EVERYONE was in costume, not just the ladies. We partied as Morticia and Gomez Addams until about 6am, hopped in a cab and was on our way, fully drunk, and ready to pass out. I can't wait to party with you again, Artisan.
5	Sick of doing the big Vegas clubs? Want a more intimate and unique setting? Look no further.The anti-vegas club. You know LA or NY clubs.. pretentious and in your face. This is exactly the opposite. No cover... boom! I should stop right there... because where in LV is there NO COVER?... But there is more my friends. The martinis.. oh snap the martinis. Go crazy and try the chocolate martini. It will eff you up. Their martinis are strong and legit. Heck.. any cocktail you buy from the bar is stiff and worth every penny. Drink prices are almost half off from the major clubs. If you want me to describe the place.. I'll say this. If Kat Von D ever opened up a bar in LA.. this place would be it. Gothic and dark. Art pieces.. mostly classical pieces. No skateboards tho. SMOKERS:.. they have a huge patio. MUSIC: They do have DJs,.. depending on the night. Music is very respectable.I've been here a few times. Usually after dinner. Late night drinks.. cap off that perfect LV night!
5	I had a good experience. I stayed over a couple of WEEK DAYS.The lobby is dim and smells like cool wet stone. I ate at their little restuarant and I liked the food. I liked their bar and lounge. Room prices were cheap for a place right off the strip in an industrial area. I loved the "feel" of the place, and during late afternoon and evening, very attractive women come for the pool party.Rooms were pleasant with only 1 minor consideration: The walls and windows are old and don't put up much of any barrier to sound.Do not come here expecting quite and pleasant sleep during the weekends. It will be loud and active. Pros:- Cheap- Unique- FunCons:- No sleeping here on weekends unless you're just knocked the hell out or got some heavy duty ear plugs.
4	What an awesome property this place is. If you enjoy the Haunted Mansion ride at Disney, this spot will so be right up your alley. Walking in, I felt like I had just been transported to that ride. Or perhaps a game of Clue. Or... However you want to put it, this place has some serious atmosphere and ambiance. If nothing else, just stop in here to take a look around.Unfortunately, like its counterpart Rumor, parking can be quite an issue. On a busy night, you basically have no choice but to valet. And the wait for a valet attendant to come give you a ticket thing can be quite long.The lounge / bar / club / whatever you want to call it can be quite loud. It does, though, have a decent vibe to it.Mood - the 24/7 restaurant - is actually off to the side once you enter the lounge / bar / club / whatever you want to call it. Can't say I was blown away by my Mood dining experience, but it is a cool spot and the food was tasty.And be sure to poke your head into the chapel if you can - it's pretty awesome too.So yeah, I'm a fan.
1	I have been to Artisan After Hours 5 times. My first impression upon entering it on a Saturday morning (Friday After Hours) is that this place is REALLY FUCKING NASTY.  Unfortunately, my opinion has never changed.There are bums and hookers everywhere. The ratio runs about 10% female (9 out of 10 of those are trashy escorts), and 90% creepy dudes that didn't get some while they were clubbing from 1030 to 4:00. You can look at their faces to know that they are desperate for some affection. There is a small outside patio next to a flight of stairs where losers sit next to each other telling bullshit war stories about how "hard" they are. You also have a really tiny room that is (the dance floor). It's like the size of a dive bar. Too many people inside, and YOU DO NOT WANT TO SIT ON THE TABLES. The hookers that took over the spot will think your a new mark and probably will try to lure you into their hotel room where a big burly guy is gonna rob you at gunpoint. I guess for a heterosexual chick that doesn't make her living by bed hopping might find this a paradise, a farm full of semi-attractive males that only wants someone to love and care for. But for the masses of single, charming, male bachelors... you would want to try your luck at the Drai's After Hours in the Bills Gambling Hall and Casino on Flamingo & Las Vegas Blvd. It's a much better atmosphere over there, better ratio of male-to-female, and the bouncers actually give a shit about keeping the place upbeat. I seen a couple of folks at the valet line bitch out their spouses over the phone while I was waiting for my car to come back. A lot of the creepy chomo (child molester looking) type here. Oh, and for first-timers, you NEED to bring your car to the valet. There is no self-parking here. Come in early if you really want to come here, say about 3:30AM when the real clubs are dying down.Update: So I got a email saying that alot of people are putting in complaints for this review. I don't know why. I'm not slandering, i'm telling the truth of what I have experienced here. Maybe some folks like the hookers that come in here. Well I got dragged in here one more time because one of my friends happened to have his peer host a birthday party here. Nothing fancy, just a birthday hangout. On my last visit it looks like Artisan Afterhours cleaned itself up a bit. A little bit less hookers than what I usually encounter (even though I did run into another one at the Wynn outside the Tryst Nightclub at the same day). Seems like the crowd this time (around late-December) got less shady. The bartenders have very good visual memory of faces. I accidentally left my card at the counter, and when I came back to the bar she remembered my face and handed me back my credit card.. I didn't have a ride back home so I rented out a room. The guy at the counter cut me some slack and gave me a room for $46 + collateral ($150), usually it goes for $80. Played around with the TV, and I discovered that the TVs in here have free porn channels. Hahaha! I managed to sleep for 3 hours, but then some random white lady keeps banging at my room's door looking for a "Allison". She won't leave me alone and I kept telling her to go away. Around 10:00AM I got into the elevator to check out and I ran into the lady again. She's a really nosey stranger, and I declined sitting next to her at the taxi stop because asked me a lot of questions about drugs and where to find them.
4	Loved the Artistic theme! Also the smell of the place was heavnly! Super Hip and chill vibe.  Had dinner with a friend - the food was AHHH-MAZING!  The only negative i can say about having dinner there was that they were out of almost everything, from wine to veggies
1	places like this make me vomit. A dingy, shady, dark tunnel claiming to be a "boutique hotel" with tacky art reproductions reprinted on canvas. Not to mention, the creepy/sleezy folk that frequent this place. Another birth place for VD's is what I call it.
4	The hotel is very cute and trendy. The entire place is covered with artwork. The lighting is very dim and creepy, which was cool. Its not the typical Vegas style hotel. The club is pretty cool and actually plays some good music. The staff was really cool and friendly. The only downside is its far away from the strip (about $15). There's no casino or convenient stores in the lobby which might come in handy if you want to buy water. There was no separate room for the shower which made getting ready a little difficult. The a/c shut off every 5 minutes. There were only 2 outlets in the room in the most random places. There was no fridge or microwave.
4	Looks like a spooky, haunted mansion.Great After Hours place to party!Music;It was pretty much house music when I went, which was fun!Parking:It can get pretty busy, so you'll most likely have to valet, which will take awhile.
5	The best after hours, great dj's . The food...... Wow its amazing. Lobster mac&cheese. Kobe beef sliders , duck confit sandwich . You have to try it.
3	I feel so mixed about this place! My boyfriend and I stayed here for nearly 5 days for a conference, and there was a lot to like, but a lot that needed improvement.First, we stayed during the week, so we didn't experience the club at all. No one at the pool because, well, it was winter and kind of cold-ish outside. I would give this place another shot in the summertime to check out the pool scene. However, I was told (my our cab driver, of all people) that the after after hours scene here is crazy. I don't know if that's good crazy, or scary crazy or what, so... yeah. Not sure if I'm up for that. We stayed in the Picasso mini-suite. The room looked chic, but needs some work! The carpet was LUMPY. Not sure what kind of stuff is under the rug, but I don't want to find out! The lamp didn't work (no bulb), and in the cold light of day, we could see imperfections all over the place (places that needed some paint, a little better cleaning, etc). In the bathroom, there's a rusty vent right above the tub. :|  No space to put your stuff (toothbrush, makeup, etc.) Sharing this bathroom between two people was nearly impossible. We also didn't anticipate so much noise from the freeway outside... it definitely more than I thought it would be. The amenities were sparse (you get a shampoo and a soap. That's all). It's cool if that's all you get, but with a boutique hotel, I thought - yeah, they'll at least provide the hair stuff and some soap for the sink AND tub. Oh well.However, we did like that the room had a walk-in closet, a mini-bar (fridge WITH humidor in it... nice!), a safe, and some other amenities. The price was better than places on the strip (although keep in mind you'll pay about $15 each way to get to the strip, and that's if your cab driver knows where they're going. We had one dude drive us PAST Palace Station and then loop back - all on our dime), and the customer service was really great. Valet guys are really cool, and after a few days, I felt like everyone "knew" us. So yeah. We'll probably give this place one more try in the summer/spring. I love that this is a 21+ establishment, so no kids running around (I hate that!).
1	This is the first time have ever taken the time to review something on line.  Terrible experience.  Had 5 rooms for 9 days at the Artisan for staff and clients.  On the FIRST day there we were in the bar with about a $400 tab running.  Some clown then told us we had to move as our table was reserved for bottle service.  Lots of run a round.  I have stayed in well over a thousand different hotels around the world during my thiry years as a traveler.  with regard to expectations being met, the Artisan was simply the worst.  The hotel is incredibly poorly managed.  Several attempts to contact the management by phone to discuss my experience went un answered.  The only saving grace is the guy who runs the restaraunt.  We had this discussion with him.  He agreed with our claim and suggested that we were not alone.You'd be better off staying outside under the bridge next to the Artisan.  Management can contact me by reviewing the files from room 303 Jan 7-13, 2012.
1	"accept credit cards: yes"let me tell ya about that..apparently, when you sign your bill and write down a total, waitress still can charge you whatever she wants.. she added a decent amount of tip to my statement.. couple dayz later a looked at my bank statement and was like WTF??? hope she is gonna burn in hell with my money.. karma is a bitch
4	We have stayed here twice now. It is definitely for a certain type of person I believe and that is probably why I felt compelled to write this review from that vantage point.I have read reviews for them on Hotels, and TripAdvisor and such and its a bummer that in most instances people rate them lower because of the noise. Well.... The Artisan is a cool hotel set right dab on top of an excellent After hours club. So.... in knowing that (and they definitely aren't shy about making this known) anyone looking for a place to stay in Las Vegas where they will actually need to sleep, needs to look elsewhere. It was kind of interesting that this past weekend when we went there were complaints on the 4th floor of there being too much noise on the floor... I thought to myself that it must REALLY be bad up there if they are complaining about that over the noise coming from downstairs. I don't get it personally.... each time we have stayed here this place was more like a college dorm on the weekend rather than somewhere you honestly thought people would be sleeping. Down the hall from us there sounded like there was a DJ and an additional dance floor that the Artisan Elite were keeping to themselves, but I digress.So the review is about the hotel and not the after hours so I have to say... we dig the ambiance, spooky haunted mansion feel and even the bouncers seem to play into that as well... or maybe its just me that they seem a little menacing. There are a couple of bars in the lobby that once the club opens and gets underway, these can cause the lobby to get pretty crowded; along with the line to get into the club.My only beef with the hotel is this one thing... Back on that last wknd in January I realized after getting home that I had left my very awesome copper leather coat there. I called immediately when I realized this, which put the call going in about 25 minutes after we had left. The guy at the front desk got right on it, had the cleaning staff bring the jacket down and he himself put the jacket in lost and found for me and called to leave me a voice mail that I could come and retrieve it. Well unfortunately for me I couldn't make it back that day and ended up leaving for a couple of weeks of work. I went back this past wknd (2/26/2012) and no jacket. They did not tell me that there was a time period that my jacket could be there so I didn't feel a rush to have someone go for me and retrieve it. Hotel Lost and Found is always one of those things that I have wondered about.... where do our things really go?
4	LOVed staying here ,its my kind of enviroment.It doesnt look very appealing from the outside but as soon as you walk in its this dark gothic enviroment. they have valet parking since there isnt much of a parking lot .The rooms were clean and not too expensive during the weekdays and a bit pricey during the weekend for being so far from the strip.They have a little lounge downstairs that gets pretty busy on the weekends; the food isnt too great .I ordered steak and it was mostly fat for about $60 bucks.I would recommend this place and would stay here again in the future.I also noticed alot of dancers /strippers seem to stay there too since there is treasures gentlemens club right around the corner and they get a dancer discount .
3	You down for the Strip Club or you wanna hit up the Artisan?Boutique hotels are the hip thing nowadays. If you haven't been before, you'll find the ultimate cool factor in the decor. The walls and ceilings are littered with unusual paintings. And the gothic-themed furnishings give this place its character.  The Artisan is unlike any other hotel in Las Vegas. Its dark, mysterious, and 'romantic'--if your into that sort of thing.AFTERHOURS: You can drink, party, and crash all in the same place! The lonely bar of the Artisan has turned into one of the hottest places to party in Las Vegas. LV Weekly named it the Best Afterhours in town! If you can get past the crowd-control issue and all the people wearing sunglasses indoors, then get over here: no cover, no line, no dress-code, no hassle. They're open Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. And DJ MikeAttack & Stellar make regular appearances here. If you don't like house, you won't like it hereBIRTHDAY DEAL: If it's your birthday month, Afterhours will comp you a table and  a bottle of Sky. All you need is 6+ people, an ID, and money for tip. Email bday@artisanhotel.com to book this deal. Can't get that at the clubs...ROOMS: I've only been in the standard "Artisan Classic" rooms. Despite being small, they're clean, comfy, and well-decorated. The window cracks open for ventilation and the bathrooms aren't too shabby. The ceilings are pretty low so tall people might feel a little cramped. But, they're incredibly cheap! We're talking $50-60 during the weekdays and $100-140 on weekends.There's a fine-dining restaurant I've never tried. And a pool I've never gone to. But the Artisan has definitely made its way into the local scene. If your considering it, its something to check out!
4	Came for the spring restaurant week.  Great overall meal!course 1 was a salad with fried zuchinnicourse 2 was a bruschetta with roasted garlic, tapanade, and tomatos marinated in balsamic vinegar served with crostiniscourse 3 was a mushroom ravioli with black trufflescourse 4 was dessert of mood donughts (cinnamon sugar donuts) with a dark dutch chocolate sauce.Very tasty and the food came out at a good rate.  Just enough to be finishing off the prior course.  The loss of 1 star came from the fact that as we walked in there was no one to seat us and the way the restaurant is, we weren't fully sure if we were in the right place or if we had missed the reception desk and walked into the dining room.  Either way the waitress was very friendly and always seemed to be present right when we needed her.Great experience and would most def return.
3	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (31 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!I like the artsy, dark, historical, and mysterious vibe of this place.  You feel it as soon as you walk in.  It is definitely a boutique hotel and it has that old feeling like you have walked inside something that's been around for a long time.  But there is also a modern kick to the feeling.  I like how you can hang out in the large lobby, in the lounge area near the bar, at the bar, and even outside on their fairly medium sized patio.  There are booths, tables, and heat lamps on the patio where you can hang outside and chat.  The only thing I wish they would do at this place is have a night striclty for Top 40, Hip Hop, and R&B.  The kind of ambiance the environment has would be perfect for a night of good dancing music.  I'm just not into the whole house, trance, and high energy type music all night.
3	From the outside it's a bit sketchy. Inside it's dark and mysterious. The Artisan is one of those places that makes you think: "Only in Vegas" with the paintings and art on the walls, ceiling, and anywhere they could find a place for it. Service has been hit or miss here, and the after hours club scene is not all that it's hyped up to be. Sorry, I'm just not impressed. I've seen the naked pool. Yawn. Go upstairs and forget about the pool. The rooms have some cool looking art, but to be honest when I've been in the rooms I wasn't paying close attention to details to be able to write an in-depth review of them. In short this review is going to mainly reflect I've been there several times and having avoided many of the amenities that people claim to go there for I've enjoyed the experiences immensely. Two things to watch out for. 1: Drink pricing is ridiculous if you check out the bar. 2: Use the valet as self parking will have you worrying about your car vs. enjoying why you came here. I know...the review's a bit cryptic but a few of you will have the all knowing smile and that's what counts.
2	1st time back to Vegas after many year hiatus.  The rooms are clean and the staff was nice.  However, the walls are very thin and you hear just about everything that goes on in this hotel.  Doors slamming (even after 1am), people talking loudly or yelling in the late hours of the night (even on weekdays).  Weekends, I heard are even louder due to parties (if you're into that).A normal person would not be able to sleep at all. It might give you an impression that the place is haunted or someone will barge through the door with a knife while you try to sleep.
4	I really liked this place.  It totally has an "Eyes wide shut"  kind of vibe.  The decor is super cool.  Cool art hanging from every possible place.  Frames that move around and descend from the ceiling and large gilded gold thrones to sit in.  We all had a good time.
2	After hours was kind of a bust. Weak crowd, but bottle service remedied the situation that we were in. Our waitress wasn't that great, we were all sharing cups because she only brought a few. Didn't really like the music at all.
4	I came to Vegas for work but I flew in a day earlier so that I could relax and have some "me" time. I picked this place since it had a topless pool and the rate was astonishingly good and I love boutique hotels.I took a cab from the airport and it came to about $25(?) with tip. The hotel is quite a ways from the strip and there is not much around it except for Shari's Cabaret. I heard there's a huge strip club nearby too but I didn't see it.  It felt isolated but I found it kind of nice that way since I knew I was going to be in the thick of things the next day.  It is really dark in the lobby just like how all the other reviews say.  Like the Haunted Mansion from Disneyland.  I had to wait a few minutes before the front desk agent appeared but I used the time to look at all the paintings and art in the lobby.  There's lots to see. There was no one around. At all. It was, after all, only 1:30 on a Wednesday. This place is known for their after parties on the weekend and it was definitely not the weekend.  The agent emerged from the back room and told me that I probably couldn't check in til about 3:15.  Check in is usually at 4. I expected that so I made sure to pack my bikini in my carry on and changed in the bathroom.  When I returned to the front desk to ask directions to the pool, the agent asked me for my driver's license and credit card, checked me in early, AND gave me a complimentary bottle of champagne.  Love her! The room was average sized and the bed was comfy. Two complimentary bottles of water were in the room as well as free porn (channel 69 ha ha!). lol.  Ice was to be picked up from the bar in the lobby. The water turned cold mid-shower the following morning and the blow dryer was noticeably broken but I had such a good time during my stay there (combination of the company I met and the really cool, quirky hotel) that it didn't phase me.  I wasn't in my room for most of the night (and who is anyways?) but when I was, I could hear lots of people going in and out of their rooms.  What fun! lolI could see the pool area being a fun place to hang out once people are there.  When I got down to the pool, I was the only one.  Talk about "me" time. lol!  It was great!  I'm older (pushing 40 BUT still semi-hip) so I don't mind not being in the middle of things. The weather didn't really cooperate though.  Stupid clouds.  I did get a little sun minus annoying tan lines :-) The only people that I saw in the pool area were employees that were discussing arrangements for a wedding with a client. And then I met a boy. Oh yes! Let me just say that even though I stayed at a five star resort and received VIP treatment the following night, I had a better time staying at the Artisan hanging out with JT ;-)Yes, you are away from the strip and yes, you do have to wait at least 10-15 minutes for a cab (you do anyways when you're in a long ass taxi line), but it is a great deal (came to about $80 with tax on a WEEKDAY) and you can go topless without the crowds ;-) I'm up here quite a few times during the year for work and and I will definitely be flying in a day earlier just to stay here.  This place works for me!
5	Visited during the afternoon hours.  Wonderful experience.  Shaylene and Mike took great care of us.  Yelpdrink menu available.  Experienced bartenders. Good time.
5	What a great hidden gem!  Very "artsy" with a hip bar and great restaurant.  Hotel as well.  Right down the road from Stratosphere.  Valet Parking.  Dark, empty pic frames hung in an artsy way... including on the ceiling.  Reasonable drink prices in bar.  ATM on site.  Cool pool with cabanas as well.  Everyone I've brought there loved it!
4	I like this place because of the After Hours parties that they throw.  Great music, and the place has it's own unique style dark and mysterious haunted hotel feel. It's usually free to get in, and it doesn't have the kind of crowd you would see or meet at clubs off the Vegas Strip. Douchebags, and Stuck up bitches.... Everyone I've met there so far have been the coolest people I've met.  You can also get a room for the night if you plan on getting totally smashed, so that's a plus on partying safe.  They do give sweet deals on their rooms, but you'll need to LIKE them on Facebook to get the deals on their room rates.  Each room/suite has it's own unique theme. Some have pool tables in them. You gotta check out their website to see what I'm talking about.  I like to take my friends who are from out of town there, because living here in Vegas you kind of get tired of the same Vegas Strip scenes.  If you want different then you'll get it here..
1	Two friends and I stayed here the first weekend in April. Used condom under one of the beds? Yikes!! Upon our departure I mentioned this to the woman at the front desk to which she replied "Ok". That was all. The windows are in desperate need of updating. Even though the only window in the room remained closed, we could hear constant noise from the freeway which sounded as though it ran right through our room.Lastly, there were no  lounge chairs in the pool area. When we asked why, we were told they had been put away for a wedding that was happening the next day... lame.The only two good things about this place were the friendly guy who checked us in, and the yummy bloody Mary I had on Saturday afternoon. Never again.
4	Dark, mysterious, and trendy.  Stayed on a thursday night about 6 weeks ago.Valet:  Prompt and courteous.Front Desk: Super helpful, and not *stuffy*Elevator: 1 and slow.Room:  A little small and dated, to be expected.  A little musty smell.  The A/C worked, but definitely an eyesore.  Small bathrooms.  Ceiling fan.  Free bottle of Champagne delivered after check-in.  Its not bad, and worth the price we paid (about $45 on a weeknight).  Clean, but signs of wear and tear."AfterHours":  Our group of 4 entered the about 2AM and doubled the amount of people in the bar.  $10 vodka/soda in plastic cups served by a salty, uninterested bartender.  2 rounds and we split.  Check-out:  Quick and easy.  Girlfriend left phone in room.  No problems getting it back a few hours after check-out.Would stay again and recommend to others pending the right situation.  I'd think twice about making the bar a planned stop.
4	The Artisan is a boutique hotel located off of the strip. The decor reminds me of Harry Potter meets The Haunted Mansion ride at Disneyland. Very kitschy and gothic, be prepared to stumble around in the dark a few times after entering from the bright sunlight. The hotel gives off a mysterious, in-the-know type vibe versus the larger then life hotels on the strip. I met a lot of locals at the hotel, who said the after hours club is one of the best in Vegas. Even at 6 am, we could still hear the after hours club going on downstairs!The pool, although a little small for Vegas standards, feels secluded and hidden away. I loved the giant daybeds and towels provided at the entrance. This is a naked pool (topless), so be prepared to see fellow guests take advantage of the dress code.Overall, I had a great experience at the Artisan. I loved all of the eclectic paintings and mirrors hanging in the rooms, as well as the complimentary bottle service we received upon arriving.
5	Shaylene and Mike did us right.  Experienced bartender
3	This review is for the after hours club. After trying to get into Drai's on Memorial Day Weekend and realizing we didn't want to pay an arm and a leg to get in my friends and I decided to try the Artisan. It's located by the Stratosphere in the shady side of town. There was no cover and the DJ was playing until 9 am...sold! The place is big and has different rooms, however, the dance space is very small, located in the middle of all the rooms so people constantly passing through was annoying. The floors were very sticky, I couldn't get my shuffle on. The decor is beautiful, I like the fountain, library, and paintings. The music was cool too. I would definitely return as a last resort but they need to revamp the dance area for sure.
3	The receptionist said it all: "If you're a light sleeper this probably isn't the hotel for you".  Due to a late check in we ended up in a room right above the "Ultra Lounge" and one bed only instead of the 2 we wanted. So we all ended up trying to sleep as the room was vibrating to the sounds of the club downstairs. I put all the cushions I could find in the window to buffer the sound, with very little effect. They provided earplugs which didn't help much either. The music BTW doesn't stop banging until 8 AM. With check out at 11AM, expect 3 hours of sleep f you're lucky. The second night we were moved to another location higher up, which was quieter at night, but during the day the pool area's music was bothersome. It's still a pretty cool hotel by its scale and the sexy vibe. So I'd recommend it for people who are going to Vegas with no intention of sleeping.
2	I really wanted to like this place as I love the decor and they have a great after party... but... 1/ The room was not clean upon check in. Found pubic hair in the restroom and it was not flushed either.2/ My bed was broken...Literally. 3/ Service at the bar on a Sunday night ( slow ) was subpar. The bartender was not unfriendly. Just detached and not interested in providing suggestions or good service. 4/ Room key card won't work. Annoying when you come back to the hotel late and a little drunk.It is a cheap Hotel so you get what you pay for. If you are looking for a cheap place to crash and party later, go for it.
1	Ok, I usually don't like to trash a hotel but if you had the stay we did you would understand my frustration. First of all we had a Complimentary breakfast (which was great) but we made the mistake of ordering coffee, it was $5 for a cup of coffee!!! Usually that wouldn't bother me but the coffee was DISGUSTING..cold..stale etc, and none of us drank more than a few sips!!  When we spoke to the manager about it he basically said "I DON'T CARE, WE HAVE TO MAKE MONEY" I was in shock at the lack of compassion sarcasm and rudeness. Considering we are staying at a hotel that is worse than Circus Circus you would think they would be more accommodating so they can keep the few guests they have. Then while my friend is taking a shower the ceiling starts leaking, and not just water but some brown stuff. We called downstairs and they had someone up immediately who told us that there were two guests upstairs taking a shower together!! You could imagine our disgust! We called downstairs bc we wanted another room they told us "NO, WE ARE BOOKED" but the funny thing is there were 5 rooms on our floor that were empty our entire stay! The maintenance man fixed the leak but not before I saw MOLD!!!!! Normally I would have ran out the room and never turned back, but my friends reminded me that if they weren't gonna give us our $5 back for our disgusting coffee, did I think they would give us money back for our stay?? The pool was nice but I would compare it to an apartment pool. Cabanas were first come first serve on Friday which was nice.Our room key hardly ever worked which caused us to have to go downstairs multiple timesThere is no ice machine so again you have to go down to the bar to get iceDrinks were pretty expensive. Don't get me wrong I know its Las Vegas, but usually the lower starred hotels offer cheaper drinks and/or food. I felt like we were charged a Venetian price but staying at Motel 6. Bottom line is this hotel in my opinion is a 1 or 2 star and the service is exactly that, but the price was the same as some of the hotels on the strip but we would have gotten a better location and better service.I will NEVER EVER stay there again and I will continue to discourage anybody else from staying there.
1	Went to a wedding. The food was ok and the drinks were way over priced 5 for a soda and 6 for a bottle of water! Really! 16 for a mixed drink.
5	We just stayed at the Artisan hotel this past weekend. The reason why  I chose this boutique hotel, was because my husband and I were traveling to Vegas with our two dogs.  Even though most of the big hotels in LV accept dogs now, it is extremely difficult to have to walk far distances to get to the elevators, across the million of people, and the casino just to take you dogs to go potty! Good luck with that! the ARTISAN Hotel was just PERFECT!! it is only 4-5 floors high, so you can take the elevator or just simply the side stairs in be at the lobby level within a minute! There is a great area on the back, just after you pass the pool with gravel and yard, very private and you can take your dogs there for their potty time!  The staff was soooo nice, helpful and extremely accommodating!!! they are very dog friendly as the guests staying there as well, so you will feel very comfortable!! The rates are also very affordable. Some hotels will charge you an arm and a leg for a "pet fee" . Being a dog owner, I know the difficulties we go thru with our pooches all the time we travel and the staff at Artisan made our stay very relaxing! Drake at the front desk was extremely nice too! Don't let the minor stars reviews guide you.  There is nothing sketchy about the location either.  The hotel is located right off the Sahara exit, which is conveniently located within 5 minutes to the strip! We used to live in Las Vegas, so we are very familiar to all the exits and short cuts, so for us the location was very convenient and away from the busy strip! Give it a shot and i think you will be pleased! :)
3	Adams family / Munsters house meets Vegas. A very unique boutique hotel off the strip. We found the staff friendly with the exception of the restaurant staff. They were almost non existant. Terrible service. The pool was a great place to hang out and listen to the DJ spin.  Happy hour prices are on the high side $6 for a beer. Drinks by the pool are $12. The after hours party starts after 10 and rocks all night into the morning. We woke up to 2 couples screaming and fighting in the hallway on our floor. We called the front dest and they quickly responded and threw the guests out.
1	This review is for the bar and the bar service as well as the Valets.After living in vegas for 3+ years I received the worst service possible at the bar there.  Sarah Jane's review is right on when she says they OVERCHARGE at the bar.  If it's not an overcharge the prices are ridiculous.$19 for a small glass of baileys and a beer.  It's hilarious that a place charging these prices doesn't even have decent beer by the bottle (amstel light etc). Even worse, the chic took forever to come over and take our order (even though the place was near empty).  Then after we order....SHE HAS A 2 MINUTE CONVERSATION WITH ANOTHER EMPLOYEE before completing our order.  Zero class and zero customer service.It's no wonder the place was near empty at 11pm.  I took a sip of my dates baileys and it was really flat...I could tell the bottle was old.  My date thought it tasted fine so whatever.For a few bucks more I can take my date to the Mandarin Bar and have a 5* experience with the best possible service.  Why would I return here???If was funny because the bartender looked over at me as I watched her as she rung in my order.  She included an "upgrade" charge to a single drink charge....the line said "martini upgrade" even though the drink was a small glass of baileys.The valet scoffed at me when I gave him a $3 tip as we left.WTF is wrong with these people?????  Whoever owns this place needs to clean house and start over with this bartender, some of the valets, etc.  I also saw the detailed review of the restaurant being closed down not long ago on the news due to health code violations.  I wouldn't eat here if it was free.I won't be coming back here.  It's a shame because the space is cool and the DJs are good.
3	its a cool chill stop
4	This place is worth a try if you're a local or a tourist looking for something different from a cavernous casino.You have to take the weird with the good though.It's not a typical crowd, but that's the cool part if you ask me.The service can be inconsistent. Expect it and chill out!You can hang at the pool without being hustled all day for cash from the staff.If nothing else, go for the art and some great photo ops inside and out! Buy a drink though, it's just the right thing to do. The "out of the way" places need your support to keep Las Vegas from being renamed  MGMMirage, Nevada.
1	I can only find one good thing to say about this hotel. The security guard Bubbles was a wonderful guy! I am just going to bullet point the issues:* Door Handle broken, had to open door with shoulder.* Room keys kept failing went through almost 13 in 6 days.- even the Night Security's keys weren't working* Elevator needs key to work- but that broke as well so keep to the stairs.* the AC is pretty worthless so we tried to open the window and the window pane started to fall out.* The Bathroom door kept sticking and wouldn't open across the tile without sticking* The bathtub drain broke* The paintings in our room were creepy, disturbing and unwanted. * They play music all night- but their walls and windows hold nothing back.*They claim for free water and ear plugs but we had to ask each time.*Our room didn't get cleaned the first day, when I called that afternoon about 4- they said it was too late.*They never restocked towels enough or the 'extras' the claimed to provide, my friend had to take a roll of toilet paper of the cart so she could have ANY.*The lighting in the lobby is beyond too dim, so when you come from the pool- to the only bathroom in the lobby, you're walking on slippery tile, blind- and your eyes adjust just as you are about to run into a beam right in front of the pathway to the bathroom. They finally had to tape something white to it.*The Pool was a joke, small and it got so hot we had to get out because it was like a sauna. *It's a rip off, you have to rent a cabana($500-$750) or a lounge(~$250)- or else you're in the pool or sitting on the hot cement. But even the Cabanas and lounges were poor quality and felt like they were going to burn your skin. I hate writing bad reviews but this hotel almost ruined my trip. I couldn't wait to get home.
4	Stayed for a Friday night, June 8, 2012.Misti Y described it best by comparing it to the Haunted Mansion ride at Disneyland.  Or maybe it wasn't the best analogy, but that reference sold me.  Here is a short bullet list:Pros:- interesting, to say the least, decor- Topless pool with pretty good DJ- dark bar/club that looked good for secretly canoodling- club that had people ARRIVING at 7am (as I was just returning from EDC); and though I did not personally enter, it looked poppinCons:- location off the strip, which is not convenient for the walk back from the club (unless you're here for the after-after-hours party)- smaller rooms than what you'd expect from those big resorts on the strip- pool is much smaller than expected (so here I am resetting your expectations) -- which can be so awesome if there were many topless girls smothered against you... but there were only 8 other people when I visited, and one girl that was topless- can be hard to sleep with all the music/partying... not the best if you've got kidsI'll probably be back to visit the club someday!  Or maybe EDC next year, since you won't have to deal with the amazingly shitty traffic on the strip!
1	Look at your bar tab carefully before paying.  They will overcharge you if you're not careful.
5	Ok where do I start?!?Awesome decor on the inside of the hotel. At night it's dark, almost creepy like a haunted house! Late night dance/dj areA. Cheap and good drinks. Topless pool area! SmallPool but perfect for us. Food/appz from the bar were delicious! If you like to go to bed early you may not want to sleep here due to late night music but I highly recommend it!
2	It pains me to write this review because I wanted to like this place I really really wanted to.  After this list of things that went wrong sadly the good things don't add enough stars to make me up the rating.The decor and the staff will bring this rating up to 2 stars versus 0 if I had that option.  Upon check in the staff were nice the decor really fun and cool.  But beware when walking in because it is really really dark after coming in from outdoors.  Not knowing the layout of the lobby many obstacles may get in your way as yours eyes are adjusting.  We check into a small clean room in a gothic kind of decor pretty cool.  Sadly 2 of the 4 rooms we had, the air-conditioning broke.  The staff worked hard on it and it worked well enough to not want to repack and move rooms.  As mentioned in previous posts there are speakers located all around the hotel with Techno music blasting.  I did not mind this much because we were here for a party not a spa day...  Sadly after a couple of drinks I got off on the wrong floor and was trapped there for a bit because the elevator wouldn't stop on that floor for me.  If you go the stairs route please be very careful the railings are not secure and extremely wobbly.  So with all these things mentioned one thing capped the experience off and as I sit here writing I am still thinking of dropping the extra star.  The Artisan is a Valet only hotel which is fine because I really wouldn't want my car sitting in an open lot across the street anyways.  So you always hear stories about your car getting a joy ride or a scratch or something crazy happens in the movies right?!  Not in real life, right?!?!   Yes, it happens in real life sadly it happened to me.  Upon check out the Valet goes to get my car and comes back after a bit and says he can't get the key in the ignition.  So I take the key and say "ahh, ok let me try"  Go out to the car and as I try I notice my key is bent.  Well, that will do it!  SERIOUSLY try to take your key right now and bend it, go ahead try you won't be able to.  I have no idea what the heck they did to bend my key!  What ever they did was extreme because car keys really don't bend!  LOL   The staff again is kind and tried to help me but the Valet is hired out so there is only so much that can be done on their part so I will leave the extra star.  I will be dealing with the company who is hired to get my key replaced but sadly my experience at the Artisan is marred beyond fixing.  I don't know if I will ever be back I certainly won't drive if I am...
5	Have you ever heard of the song Hotel California by the Eagles? Well this song comes to life in the Artisan. With Mirrors on the ceiling and the eclectic group of people you will never want to leave. Being a Boutique hotel there aren't two rooms alike. I found this to be a very interesting concept. I have stayed in the pool table room. It was very Gothic sheek. Like the hotel with the wide arrangement of decor its a very unique place. The bar downstairs is also known for its After hours "club/lounge" feel. Its also a very local spot that is considered underground but for the hard partier. I have been here on several occasions and just ended up getting a room and spending the next day at the club like pool. Mood restaurant is amazing as well. Order the french toast. you wont be disappointed.Just be aware this is a fantasy type place. People dressed in costume and many on Ecstasy or some other type of drug, you cant be offended easily to come here.
2	I understand that the Artisan has changed direction and while I can see that the changes they've made have increased their business, it feels like this transformation is spiraling out of control. Gone are the cozy little areas to sit, unless you want bottle service. They've also removed all the tables around the bar and even the bar stools. The bartender explained to us that since they are known as an after-hours place, they don't want people sitting at the bar, because people can't get up to it to get a drink. I might have agreed with that decision,  were we not literally the only people in the bar.  On a Saturday night at 11pm there were more employees than customers and more confusion than good times to be had. We already had drinks in our hand and were sent outside to get a stamp; great job, team. The bartender had a terrible attitude...until it was time to tip her. Also, our drinks were served in plastic solo cups; how tacky is that? You charge $15 a drink and you can't afford something a little nicer? We went out the patio, where we were told we had to buy a hookah to sit at a table. A hookah? The patio was also nearly empty, so it just made us feel unwelcome and that there were far too many rules to follow for us to enjoy ourselves.  What I love about this place; the decor. It's a beautiful place, there is no denying that. I like that it's been cleaned up, because it felt like it was circling the drain the last time I stayed in a room there. I also love that there isn't any gaming. That's the end of my list, currently. We had one drink and left. On the way to the next stop, my girlfriend said "raise your hand if this cab ride is more fun than the Artisan"; every hand went up.
1	First off, I want to be clear. This rating is for the horrible customer service we experienced. I came with a party of 3 and we stayed here due to the inflated prices from the iHeart Radio festival. We didn't mind it being off the strip and it's "supposed" to be a boutique hotel. Everything was great for the first night. The next morning, we left around 10:30 AM and made sure to take off the Do Not Disturb sign and when we came back around 7:30 PM we found our room not yet serviced. Clearly we were forgotten. We called the front desk and was put on hold several times. Eventually we got through and we told the front desk receptionist that we our room was not serviced. To which she replies, with no apology, "oh, okay." Ridiculous. Anyway, we were not in the mood to argue and we asked for clean towels. 1 hour later, still no towels. Basically, one of us had to shower and with no clean towels. We eventually picked up the towels from the receptionist later in the evening.What takes the icing off the cake and what inadvertently allowed us to decide to never come back was the horrible gatekeeper/ bouncer for the after hours club. We came back to the hotel (with a room key clearly visible in our hands) and was basically verbally assaulted by the bouncer. As if stating we were staying in the hotel with a key and letting him know which room number we were in was not enough, he wanted our names. Seriously? His reply: "YES, SERIOUSLY". What's up with the attitude? Get over yourself. Pros: cheap prices, not far from strip.Cons: Loud after hours party (below on lobby level), no house keeping, lack of taxi access, no organization of entire hotel, and the worst customer service you will encounter.Don't waste your time here. They lost more than just three customers. We are going to tell everyone we know to not stay here.
1	HORRIBLE "HOTEL". My friends and I came to stay the weekend and boy was that a terrible idea. - It's valet only. There's a hotel parking lot across the street but you will have to  quickly run across since it's right off the exit of the freeway. Not a safe place to leave your car parked, especially if you're getting back late at night.- Unique decor, but extremely dark. Wouldn't hurt to turn on a light or two.- Only 1 elevator that takes an hour to get you to your room and down. - Our room was not serviced after our first night.- Called front desk numerous times and could not get through and had to personally go downstairs to request for fresh towels. - Waited an hour and still no towels. One of our girls had to shower using a dirty towel.- This place is known for their after hour club (which we were completely unaware of) and you can clearly hear the techno music from the 3rd floor pounding away. Extremely difficult to relax after a long day with all that going on. - Bouncer was VERY rude with a extremely bad attitude and would not let us back into the hotel even after standing with us while we were waiting on our cab a few hours before. Again, this place is known for their after hours. However, their guests (which are PAYING CUSTOMERS) cannot be forgotten and treated like S***. I will not be returning to the Artisan and I will not recommend anyone to stay the night at this hotel.
5	This review is for AFTER HOURS!There's a lovely internet meme going around: No Arty, No Party. It's the damn truth.The decor and style of the hotel - it's all true. It's dark, artsy, creepy, and adds an amazing ambiance that you have to experience.This place does not get off and poppin' until about 2 AM. This is after hours. You go to the club then roll over to the Artisan. The music is house. DJ Stellar is resident on Fridays and DJ Mike Attack kicks out the beats on Saturday. There is definitely a PLUR/Rave vibe here. Tons of people packed into a small hotel bar. There are never any fights. People come as they are. It's a beautiful thing. There are all walks of life: rave kids, to older folks, to club rats, to artisans. It's truly a nice mosaic.Drinks run about $12 a pop and bottled water will cost you $6 a go. I usually order a bottle of water and refill it at the lobby.As for awesomeness, a basic bottle will run you about $275 (SKYY VODKA) and during your birthday month you can reserve a comped bottle. Just call it in ahead of time. You need at least 6 in your party.Outside on the patio, there are HOOKAHS available for $25 a pop. Debra, the hookah goddess, has created her own blend called "Fucking Amazing" and it is: FUCKING AMAZING. It's fruity awesomeness.Inside the lounge/bar area there is NO smoking! (YAY!) There is a small restaurant in there and food is available 24/7.When in doubt in Vegas at 2 AM. Hit up the Arty. No cover. Great people. Cool vibes. And they don't shut down until 8 AM some days! No Arty, No Party. Yes, indeed.
4	Every time I come here I'm on the verge of blacking out.  No joke.  This is an after hour party spot that locals come to and I think it's much more livelier than Drais. I am currently racking my brain trying to recollect and put the bits and pieces of this place together to review for you so bear with me.  As I recall these are some of the following things you will notice if you want to decide whether or not to come here:- Dark Decor and I mean pitch black. There is large furniture and window frames all over the place which kind of reminds me of a throw away set from some spooky Tim Burton film. Try to imagine the insides of the Hollywood tower of terror at CA adventure and you have an idea of the place.- Strobe Lights and EDM- Strong and I mean black your ass out strong drinks at Vegas prices ($30+)- I can't tell you about the crowd because it's too dark to see but it's usually packed Would I come back again?  Yup, it's become a tradition for me to go to after hours after clubbing in Vegas.
5	DUBCHURCH Sunday nights, 'nuff said :)
2	We were once good friends. But like all relationships, things change. For the first six years or so, I went out of my way to stay with Artisan. It's difficult to find friends who share the same interests, quirks, values, and sense of style. The vibe here was relaxed and without pretense.Perhaps it's the distance between us, but Artisan has betrayed this friendship. What once was a hotel concept is now a club-event driven space, elements of which I even supported and mentioned to family run management before it sold to current ownership group. The problem is, this venue no longer has the Hospitality part of hotel ownership in its personality. It's not the little things I'm concerned with. I can live with a non working remote for TV, no coffee service anywhere in hotel because the club still hasn't finished the night at 8AM, the special All Night event on 3rd floor that spills up to 4th, where two out of five people I recommended this place to are staying this weekend.  It's not the restaurant that's been closed since check in (yes, I'm still here, writing from the spectacularly overblown Aria @ City Center) or increased costs of taxi service getting in and out of this industrial area, not under Artisan's control. No, these things are silly. The breach of trust with this friendship has to do with commitment and lack of communication, even with a flashy website and extra doormen each night. Promises broken, reservations for things like a cabana party lost, dismissive staff in bar who rightfully look at their jobs as a Bar gig and not Hotel environment, the list goes on but you get the idea. 2.0 stars and doubtful of a reunion anytime soon. We can't even be Facebook or Twitter friends.
1	I have been boycotting the Artisan for over a year since they charged me a "pre-authorization" fee of $40 for using my debit card to buy a few drinks there without notifying me of such, leading to some economic awkwardness in my personal finances. But this review is for a wedding I attended there this weekend.There is no question that the decor of the Artisan is legendary.  The theme of the wedding was zombie/fetish so it was the perfect venue.  However, the wedding guests were shocked when the planner approached the bride & groom after the ceremony to try and re-negotiate the contract so they could get more money out of them.  THIS HAPPENED WHILE THE WEDDING WAS IN PROGRESS.After that disgraceful little scene passed we had the reception during which the dinner portion of the evening was so badly handled that I gave up my place at the table because the food was not being served.  It seems the servers didn't know who was having what so the food was probably sitting around in the kitchen.  Many guests who had the steak option have reported they got ill from it.My friends threw an awesome wedding in spite of what the Artisan event managers did to try and ruin their special day.  I cannot recommend this venue to anyone who wants to plan a special event.  The staff was completely unprofessional and trying to change the contract DURING the event  was just vicious and heartless.The boycott continues.
3	I really liked this place.  It's a vegas locals hang out.  Every girl I met was local.  And everyone knew each other.  I felt a little out of place.  I'm an LA tourist of course.  What I like most is how friendly everyone is, and how welcoming the atmosphere is.  We showed up at 4AMish..  And it was pumpin.There's a back patio where people can smoke hookah and get smashed.  Totally fun.Why I can't give this place 5 stars is the fact that the guy/girl ratio was insanely skewed.  There's was soooo many guys.  Which was a huge downer.  The few girls sprinkled throughout the place were being hit on or were already there with someone.  It's totally anti-reflective of what goes on in the strip...I mean don't get me wrong, everyone was super cool and friendly.  They lacked that uptight stuffy attitude that is so pervasive on the strip... And the cute girls that flirt with you aren't prostitutes.  it's a great place. But it would have been nice to have more girls, or less guys.oh, the few girls I met had just finished working on the strip.  If you wonder where that sexy gogo dancer parties, probably at artisan.  :)  I also met strippers.  It was a good time.
2	I am writing about the bar/ ultralounge.WAY OVER PRICED! This aint Cosmo or Wynn. Not even a night club. This is merely an oldschool bar in Vegas. It may be more expensive than "on the Strip price".They charge $400 for a bottle of absolute vodka!I had a couple of drinks, cant tell how much they charged, but ended up paying 40 bucks plus tax and tips. These drinks were served in a cheap crappy plastic cups. Nothing special. Nothing fancy. You cant even compare with these pricey drinks at XS or Marquee or whatever.Service,,, not just the unfriendly bartender but even the valet parking guy made me feel like I am staying at Motel 6. Pretty awful. OK, atmosphere is pretty cool. I guess its a place to go just for the happy hour/ after hour. It might be cool just to visit once, but no more.
1	STAY FAR AWAY: INTIMIDATED AND ROBBED BY STAFF!I met a girl at the bar who was probably way too into me for it to be realistic. Bought her and myself a drink with cash. She then proceeded to buy many drinks for her and her friends, who then told the bartenders I agreed to pay for their drinks. I vigorously denied it, but was swarmed by three huge bouncers. I asked the bouncers if I could speak to them outside, and they told me I wasn't going anywhere. After a lot of intimidation, I gave them my card, and paid 106 dollars for drinks I never agreed to buy. When I spoke to one of the managers working at the door, he told me the police wouldn't care because the crime was less than 1000 dollars and I should just go get a hooker. Also, because I was dancing with the girl, that was considered proof to them I agreed to buy the drinks. Then they kicked me out and let the girls go.I feel pretty violated. I want to spread the word to as many people as possible that the place is poison. I can't get my money back, but I can speak as a victim of this scam, and hope to help others to not fall for the same thing I did. Stay away from the Artisan.
2	When I stayed here (on official model business) with Rob E.:-was denied entrance to the pool because an old people swinger event was taking up the space AND denied entrance to the pool at their sister hotel-had my sunglasses and watch stolen by housekeeping-came back one evening to find that housekeeping had left my door wide open-was not allowed to get from my room to the front door because they had a "club night" going on in the middle-had to be escorted by security in the end, because they didn't trust me not to skip off from my hotel room to the hotel bar (which is, apparently, a crime).They offered me a free night, but I couldn't imagine ever using it. Just keeping it real!
5	Me and my husband will definitely go back here to check out their suites on our wedding anniversary. We have to check out the after hours next time too.  Love this place.
1	I've been going to the Artisan for many many years and have always enjoyed the decor and the eclectic way the rooms are decorated, but after my experience last weekend I'll never be back. Soon after showing my I.D. and having my hand stamped I was literally grabbed by one of the bouncers because he assumed, for some reason, that I wasn't a local and was instructed that I would have to pay the $14 cover. I quickly explained to him that since I only had my passport, I'd be happy to show him my business card. His response was to send me to talk to his supervisor out front. Once I walked away, this same doorman was overheard, by one of friends (whom he obviously didn't know I was with) that I should "learn to read a book". Since I've been in the service industry for over 25 years, I can understand that dealing with the public can be trying at times, but at no time was I disrespectful and quite frankly I didn't think it was that big of a deal, so I wasn't mad in the least.  Why a business that boasts that it caters to locals and industry people be so rude to someone who is clearly both and not being verbally combative in the least, is beyond me. The man's "supervisor" was sympathetic to my dilemma and apologized for how his colleague treated me, but pointed out that my passport didn't have a local address (even though I got it while living in Vegas) and at no time did he offer to let me in without paying. Well Artisan, I can safely say that you've overcharge me for my last cocktail in your establishment and I'll make sure to tell the many service industry people that I know, after living in the valley for over a decade, how you treat the people that made you who you are. Take a clue from your rating distribution trend of the last 6 months and stop killing your business.
4	Review on Artisan Afterhours.... Came back to the Artisan for the first time in a bit to check out "Artisan Afterhours". It was a good time and cool atmosphere. It was a pretty slow night but there was some rave in the desert going on so I'm sure that had something to do with it.We had a bottle and nice little couch spot. I had a good time and checked out the outside area as well which was cool. Would recommend giving it a go, especially if you have never been to the Artisan as it is probably the most unique and interesting hotel in town that isn't a mega-casino.I'll be back again for hopefully a busier night with a better crowd. Lots of guys the night I went, but again probably not the best night to judge. I'll update review next time I go.
4	If you're going to do an after hours in this town, this is where to go. Legit music that goes darker and deeper than what you'll find in the big clubs on the Strip, a very industry-heavy crowd that takes full advantage of the cheap bottles.When the weather is nice, the patio here is one of the nicest spots in town to enjoy a breather from the beats and a little civilized conversation.The one issue I have with the Artisan - and it's a big one - is that the "dancefloor" is also the thoroughfare to get from pretty much anywhere in the building to anywhere else in the building. So you can't dance without people having to walk around you, and you have to walk across the dance floor whenever you want to move anywhere.Other than that, this is a solid nightlife option in a really unique venue.
4	I've not stayed in the hotel so this is solely a review for the club.I love the Artisan...once you get in the door there is an energy and an underground vibe that hits you because of the awesome, dark decor and the pulsing techno or house. The resident DJs also DJ various other clubs on the strip during the day or night and I think they really let loose with more experimental tunes and more flavor at Artisan because its after-hours and it's unpretentious and there's no cover, no VIP guest barking orders on what music he wants the DJ to be playing. As a local, I rarely EVER go to a club on the strip because all you find is pretentiousness and VIP big dogs like ultra rich and celebrities who want the house DJ to play "Livin' on a Prayer" and have been known to get well known house DJs KICKED OFF THE DECKS because they have such pull because of their money. So as far as music is concerned and club experience, Artisan is where it's at for me in Las Vegas. Minor updates could be applied like making an alternate walkway to the bathrooms (if possible) instead of directly through the dancefloor. I'm usually too wasted to concentrate on little inconveniences like that so that doesn't factor into why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.The reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because they are still employing some god-awful bouncers. I'm not sure where they get these people, especially the bald white guy with the attitude, but hassling people and giving them attitude is inexcusable when more than any other club I know of in Vegas, the people attending are just looking to have a good time. There are very few meatheads, no rabble rousers. Lighten the hell up!  I'm a security professional by trade. When I say security professional, I mean I was a bodyguard for Senators and a certain President in Iraq and in Afghanistan. I have 108 armed employees under my control currently. Securing an entrance and being a doorman does not require an attitude. In fact, it can escalate problems or cause them where there are none. People are coming in to spend money and create profit for the Artisan, why adversely affect their experience and cause them to not come back? I think the management at Artisan needs to seriously take a look at the people they hire out there. A smile and a common courtesy as opposed to a glare and snarl goes a long way when someone's first impression is the doorman. Just some helpful advice from someone near the top of the professional security food chain;)I hope to see you all for my birthday when I get back from Afghanistan!Take care,Jake
4	Interesting unique place to spend some time. My girlfriend and I spent an evening here attending their "Dining in the Dark" event. Before, and after,  we were blindfolded to eat our delicious meal, we walked around and enjoyed the artsy decor. This place is well set up and inviting. A welcome change to mammoth resort casinos where you need a map to find your way around.  A tip: their parking is across the street in a lot which does not seem like a parking lot. Or, spend a few bucks and use their valet service.
3	Hipster bar with teenie-tiny bathroom.Hookahs, loud music, and sweaty wannabe hipsters normal aren't my thing.  But, when in Vegas (and drunk) anything goes.  Plus it's a WAY cheaper after-hours spot than that other joint bellow Bill's.
4	So apparently this place has a bad reputation?Well, it was kinda funny that the night started off pretty mellow.. then ended up looking like a rave by 4am. Maybe that's why? Anywho, had a fun time here with some friends! Spent some time inside at the bar for a little bit, then enjoyed some music/dancing out on the patio on the side of the building. I can't imagine being a hotel guest here, because that sh*t was loud!The crowd was... eclectic? There were some ravers, hip-hoppers, drunkards, you name it. One of the guys in our group and I spent all night people watching :)The hotel decor itself provides a total sexy library, naughty, mirrors on the ceiling, experience.. not in a dirty way, but in a fun, "I'm totally in Vegas," kind of way.Unless you're staying in the hotel, you'll have to park across the street in the dirt parking lot that looks like TJ... I literally had to hop a fence to get to the other side!Not sure if I'll ever be back, but it was fun while it lasted!
4	So I've been here many times in the past for several events, although I have never stayed at the hotel. I've been for the Rock and Roll Wine tastings and several Social Mixology events. This hotel is really cool, albeit kind of creepy. I don't know if I'd be able to spend the night here or not, I get scared easily. The hotel reminds me a lot of the movie Clue, you know with Tim Curry. I feel like there are secret passageways and there are people waiting behind picture frames waiting to kill you. It was Mr. Plumb with the rope in the pool area!Anywho, as I said I've only been here for events so I can only comment on the decor and overall ambiance, which is cool. Their terrace and pool area are really cool, and it kinda maes you feel like you are at a boutique hotel in Miami.
4	This is one of those places you just wanna chill and listen to house music  after 4am. I came here 3 years ago after a Madonna concert and loved it. Small hidden gem hotel located right off Sahara. Many locals hangout here which is cool with me. This place is very art deco with a gothic feeling. There are several mirrors and paintings through out the hotel. As someone metioned below it feels like there are secret passageways. This place is very cooool.
2	I have mixed feeling about this place. First I will begin with the food and service Food/Service: I had plans to go out with some friends for a casual dinner and drinks. We made reservations at the reststaurant located inside the bar area of the hotel. When we got there we were seated in the restaurant and shortly after told that they did not have a server working that night. I would expect this to happen in a small town at 9pm on a Sunday night but not in Vegas! We were given the option of sitting at the bar to eat and we decided that it was a better idea than looking for another place to eat . When we at at the bar we had a bartender that was extremely annoyed at the fact that we were ordering food! We ordered our food and drinks and immediately after she was already wanting to give us our check so we can leave. We were sitting with a check for over priced bar food and empty stomachs. We sat next to two other people that came in way after us and they got their food immediately while we were sitting waiting and waiting for our food. Once our food got to us it was cold! It was literally one bust after another. I had the sliders which came with fries. The sliders had bacon with some sort of hickory sauce and cheese. The fries that came with the sliders we cold and frankly took my hunger away because they were so awful. The food menu offered at the bar included:Chicken wings for $12.00Basil and Sausage Flatebread for $12.00Margarita Flat Bread for $ 9.00"Homemade" chili cheese fries for $9.00Artisan Slider for $12.00 - which include fries (This is what I had and I wouldn't recommend it)There were also a few other menu options like an Artichoke Dip that did not look very appealing.DrinksThe price range of drinks is about how much you would pay at any night club or bar on the Strip. I had a midori sour and the price was roughly $12.00.  I usually like this drink because it is a combination of a sweet and sour. This midori sour was unlike any I have ever tasted and not in a good way. The midori sour didn't have any "sour" in it at all. It tasted like watered down sugar with a touch of alcohol. I was very disappointed and did not order another drink after that. Overall I give the service a 1.5 and if it wasn't for the amazing atmosphere of the hotel has I would never consider going back. AtmosphereThe atmosphere of this Boutique Hotel is AMAZING! The lighting is dim and the entire lobby and bar had lots of things to keeps your eye busy. There are little mirrors all over the ceilings with a lot of unique paintings and chandeliers. There is also a huge fountain in the middle of the lobby and different status throughout. The entire place is just beautiful and perfect for a big or small group of friends to go to. I don't recommend anything that they offer for consumption like the drinks or food but this place is so fun to be in. You can spend a good hour just looking around at all the different things they have as decorations.ROOMS:Although I have never stayed at any of the room here they are very reasonable in price ($32.00 was the room rate when I went) but if it's anything like the lobby or bar area I would stay there is a heart beat. Overall the food and drinks get a  but the atmosphere gets all 5 !
5	First of all let me say that my wife and I have told everyone (only the open minded friends) that the Artisan is like no other and we loved it! Well, I may be very late with my review but better late than never, my wife and I stayed at the Artisan about 2 years ago. WE stayed for 4 nights. The front desk folks were so cool they let us see a few rooms before we decided on our room, Very Cool of them. Our room was cozy yet sexy. We have never indulged in a european pool so as soon as we settles in we decided to head down to the pool. My wife became really comfortable right away and joined in on the topless sunbathing. The first day we just got comfortable, the the second day we were playing topless volleyball LOL!! We will be there this summer for sure! Thanks Artisan for taking our marriage to the next level, we will forever be grateful  :-)
1	I never write reviews on Yelp, but my experience at the lounge was so terrible that I had to.  We got to the lounge with a group of 15 or more people, and we ended up getting a table.  I was sitting by the table for about 15 minutes when all of a sudden one of the bouncers got in my face and yelled at me to move because I wasn't sitting at the right table, so I got up and scooted down closer to our table.  A minute later he came and completely cussed me out saying I better move "or else".  My brother saw him yelling at me and just came to introduce himself to see what happened, he even stuck his hand out and offered a shake.  The bouncer Jimmy didn't like that and started cussing him out, and decided to kick him out.  He actually hit my brother in the back and had 2 guys carrying my brother out.  When we asked to talk to a manager no one was willing to help.  Jimmy was so extremely rude, and borderline abusive with the way he was speaking to us.  We ended up gathering the whole group to leave, so they missed out on what could have been a large tab.  I will never go there again, and will definitely follow up with management.
3	Stopped by here for a quick minute! First time ever... Pretty cool inside, lobby area was nice and places to chill with comfy chairs.. The bathroom was pretty cool too - inside the stall there is a little stand and a mirror and a nice bathroom attendant outside. The patio was really nice too - it looked like you could set up bottle service out there PLUS rent a hookah! No cover charge to get inside either. Nice!
4	Wow.  What an interesting Hotel.  This is not your father's hotel on the strip.  We stayed on a Friday and Saturday night.  We chose the Artisan because our Alumni group was having a party at the bar.  I shall divide the review into two parts.The Bar:The Bar is open 24 hours and also has food available late into the evening.  Our party was fantastic.  Great music, awesome food and super drinks.  The next day after the party we received a report from our friend who came back to the hotel at about 3 am.  He was amazed by the line out the door and around the block to get into the bar.  He was finally allowed through the velvet ropes and up to his room after showing his room key.  When this place claims it is the number one after hours bar, it appears that the claim is true!The Hotel:When you walk into the lobby you are greeted by all sorts of art.  Art on the ceiling, art on the walls, art on the floor.  Unbelievable. Fun is the word that comes to mind.  We stayed in the Picasso suite on the fourth floor.  It was comfortable and roomy.  It did have some quirks like the carpet wasn't quite perfect on the floor; however, there was good water pressure and a comfy bed.  That said, our room overlooked the expressway on ramp and was, at times, extremely noisy.  Plus, in the evenings, you could hear the thumping of the music from somewhere on the property. But heck, this is Vegas.  Who needs to sleep anyway?The Pool:Unfortunately wasn't really open yet as we were there in March.  But it had a nice layout and looked like a place I could relax.  The Service:I really liked that food and drink were available just about 24/7.  A nice feature.  One downside was that since this is off the strip, getting a taxi can take a little time.  Walking from here anywhere was really not an option.  That said, we enjoyed our stay and felt we received good value for the money.  Under the right circumstances we would certainly stay here again.Thank you.
2	A very interesting boutique hotel. I've seen pictures on Hotels tonight and was very intrigued by them and wanted to go by and visit the hotel lobby on my next Vegas visit. Was not intending to stay there, but stayed 1 night because of the good deal on Hotels tonight. Did not know anything about the after-hours club, or the noise level. If I did I would have not chosen to stay here, as the music was overwhelming coming up thru the floors of the 4 story hotel.Upon check in the valet asked if we stayed here before or knew about the hotel. When we said no, he told us about the club going to 8am. Apparently the only nights they do not have the after-hours club is on Monday and Tuesday, so ask for a room that is not over the club. We are not club people, so getting back into the hotel at night was like going thru security at the airport lol, had to speak to 2 different people to get into the lobby to get to the elevator to get to the room. The noise level was loud, but it was because the walls were thin and we could hear the dog in the room next door yelp and bark, the traffic outside because of the thin glass window, and the people above us sounded like they were going to come thru the floor into our room when they walked since the squeaking was so bad.Also the hallways are loud since the floor is tiled and not carpeted. Since this hotel is an old Travelodge, so are the rooms and I took that into consideration with the thin walls and floors. Unfortuantly our A/C didn't cool the room even tho is was on the coolest setting at 60 degrees, it only cooled the room down to about 75. Loved the chic goth style of the hotel, but it's better for more of a drink and not to stay unless maybe you're going to the after-hours party.The check in gentleman was nice and helpful, but I thought the $150 "deposit" for 1 night was a little steep.
1	This hotel is not for the Business traveler.If you look at the photos they lead you to think this is a cool hotel for any one, it is not. The Artisan hotel is so far off the beaten path that it is next to impossible to get a cab to go anywhere during the hours of 7AM to 1AM. at 3AM this place is jumping with music and people getting there party on. if afterhours party is what you are in need of this is the place. The frontdesk staff can only tell you what they can not do for you, if you ask for a receipt showing $0.00 for incidentals, they told me no hotel does that, and they have been in the hotel business for 15 year and I do not know what I am talking about as a traveler. Not Guest friendly at all they are like Free Range Chickens, they do and say whatever they want, there is no common guest service montra.  Perfect for a club. I do not say stay away, but I will say, keep your expectations low. Party in the front no business in the back. Valet guys were the most helpful and had the best attitudes of the staff I came in contact with. Rooms are not so clean my black light revealed human fluids on a variety of surfaces  on the furniture in the room. If that is what your there in the room for you probably do not care about that part. In conclusion Business travel NO WAY stay away from the free range chickens at the front desk. Party Yes Do your Thing! Swing it swinger, Swing. Party on!
4	Fun unpretentious VEGAS! Party awesome! Food  Awesome! Come to Artisan if you want a memorable night!!The Artisan is a Great Value and a Good Party. The only Con is it isn't center Strip but in what you will save on Hotel cost it is more that worth the short commute.By the way the ARTISAN hosts one of if not the best VEGAS after hours NO COVER and drink specials until the AM!
1	Not a place to stay if you wish to sleep. Made reservations months ago for the largest suite in the place and was told after checking in, as a side note, "We have an after hours club but because you are on the fifth floor you should be fine and not hear it." Wrong!Finally had to abandon the room at 3AM and the front desk was not willing to do anything. Didn't even have the earplugs their website boasted. (Should have made the connection then.)Upon checkout, the manager worked as hard as he could to be unhelpful and explained that it was not his fault we were unable to use the room for sleep and complaints rarely come from the fifth floor. Really? Do they think I'm lying? So unhelpful and the worst customer service I have ever experienced in Las Vegas. Hated this place and never going back. I suggest nobody come if you anticipate using your room for sleep.
5	The best after hours clubbing in Las Vegas by far! At this little off-the-strip gem I heard one of the best DJ sets of my clubbing career! DJ Stellar's set was incredible! Anyone within ear shot was dancing their buns off! My friends and I had an amazing time! :)
3	I'm still not sold on the "boutique hotel" concept, but have been to the Artisan a few times. Thank Rock 'N Roll Wine for that. These events are pretty busy.The decor is unique (lots of mirrors) and offers a lot to look at in the spacious lobby area. I've never tried the food in the restaurant or the bar, but have heard good things about it. The pool area is pretty nice, and they did a nice job updating an older property. I wouldn't hang out here regularly due to the location, but it's close to Downtown which is convenient for those of us who work there.
4	We stayed at the Artisan for New Year's Eve - wow what an interesting and peculiar hotel - personally I loved it. Very dark colors, the rooms are painted black with a large array of mirrors, and all of the hallways, entrances, and corridors are covered with dark and brooding paintings, offset with bronze and gold frames -The suite is truly incredible - complete with mirrored ceilings, pool table, French door to the Master bedroom, and exotic furniture - this place pulls it off big time. Complete hidden gem off of the Strip, and a far cry from the tourist-trap casino hotels. The Artisan is incredible - you never know who you will run into here, and it's always been a total blast for me - this place is a trip and a must-see.It's totally off the radar, basically underneath a freeway overpass - The Artisan is THE hidden gem of Vegas for exotic hotels - try the suite! Reasonably priced and very well done.Bravo!
5	If you don't plan on sleeping then head on down to Artisan! I have been coming here for four years now (thanks to a local) and it is a must that I keep coming! People usually do not arrive until midnight or 1 a.m. and one shouldn't leave until 7 a.m. Saturdays play really good progressive trance and inside the club has a really good light show. Outside you will meet some really interesting people; I've met people from all different places of the world! It is far from the strip and is your last stop before you head to your room. It isn't ideal to get a room here unless you are completely knocked out because the music is too loud. The rooms are kind of crappy - last time I thought the fan was ready to break off because it was hanging by the wires! But they do look pretty inside. I ordered breakfast once and it wasn't the best.The pool is pretty too but small and the lounge is cool with old movies playing in the background. It is more of a club then a resort. One last thing, they pretty much let any style of clothing in except guys can't wear flip flops or hats (I think).
3	Took a staycation recently and booked a room at Artisan through my HotelsTonight app for one night for $60. When I first arrived I was a little sceptic prior to walking in. Looked really small and worn from the outside, but as soon as I walked in, my mouth dropped open and my eyes went like this O_O. Lobby is really dim-litted and with its sculptures and paintings decorated around the room, it sets this type of dark, gothic, artistic ambiance. They should probably hire a man dressed as a butler to open the doors and say, "Goood Eeveninngg" in a dark ominous voice to really perfect it. Definitely agree with Misty that it's very reminiscent of the Haunted Mansion. We checked in Sunday night and the concierge informed us they have an after-hours club that takes place in the lobby and restaurant area and will last till 7AM. I've heard about these parties on the radio and was interested in checking it out. An important note to all the young-bucks who are interested in staying... YOU MUST BE 21 TO STAY HERE. The girl who helped us told us a story that a guy pre-paid a room and couldn't end up staying because he was 20, boy.. he must of been mad :\Well we got to our room and the hallway leading up to it reminded me a lot of those haunted houses during Halloween time. It was dark, like the rest of the hotel, and covered in over-sized portraits beautifully framed to make them look like antiques. It was lots of fun to look at and definitely a very different experience I have gotten from the other hotels in Vegas. The room is.. yes, you guessed it.. dark (by dark I mean the walls are painted like maroon..) and covered in paintings. Doesn't look much like a typical Vegas room (of course), more like my own bedroom.. if I was a mysterious art-infatuated type. Although it overall sounds really grungy, the room itself is pretty clean and it comes with a flat screen so don't assume they play to the old dark renaissance times to its full extent. Well sadly we didn't end up going to the party downstairs but .. it truly did go on till 7AM. If you're looking for a good night's rest on a weekend night, look elsewhere..cause it seems like the party never stops at this joint, or at least the loud music doesn't. Definitely wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone looking for the glitzy, glamorous, Vegas experience. But this is definitely a place to check out for its originality.
4	Beautiful place! This place is so pretty. But it is so my style too. Some may find it too "grandma." I love the decor.I went here for dinner at the restaurant, Mood.The food was good. I had the filet, which was cooked as requested, not too under or overcooked. Someone in my party had the scallops, which was also cooked just right. Sides ordered were the mushrooms, which was my favorite dish, very tasty. We also got the brussel sprouts, mac and cheese, and the French fries. All were ok. Not incredibly impressive. We got the crab cakes, bruschetta and Margarita flatbread for appetizers. All good. The bruschetta would have been better if the bread wasn't hard. I prefer it when it is a little softer. For dessert we got the Italian coconut layer cake. It was ok, not great.I guess the place is an after hours spot too, but we didn't stay. All in all, it was a good experience.
1	Although the decor is pretty this place is pretty ghetto. I was shocked at all the good reviews, but realized most of them weren't for the hotel itself. Our room was dirty with hairs from the previous guest in the sink (it was clogged) and bathtub, the floor had a lot of stains on it, hardly any of the television stations advertised worked alongside the buttons on the phone. When I drove in from LA on a Wednesday morning I was informed there would be parties from 10am-6pm and again at 10pm-6am. Since when do hotels take preference to the low budget crowd vs. hotel guests during weekdays? There was no room in the hotel that could avoid the awful music. Even when the place was empty they were bumping some type of techno. When I attempted to express my issue with the front desk it was discarded and I was given an "oh well". Extremely bad customer service and room service (Mood). I will never come here again.
5	If you've ever watched any typical movie. This is the penultimate "only in vegas" type places. Its a boutique hotel, meaning its a hotel/bar/lounge I've actually stayed there as a hotel so I'll break my review into two parts.  As a hotelit has a unique vibe. It comes out with a dark and sinister vibe, like Misti said, its like the haunted mansion. The lobby area has a lounge type area with books, and everywhere you go theres pictures. The elevator has a red light, so anytime I go to and from my room I always felt like it was a red light district. The floors/ rooms have a artistic vibe. Theres tons of paintings in the hallway and the rooms are all themed by an artist like Dali or Frieda. The amenities are atypical of any hotel, and the breakfast in the morning leaves much to be desired.Now the fun part of the review is the nightclub/ after hours. this is one of the most fun clubs for locals.They  always have a good DJ, usually local, and a good variety Its free to get in, the dress code is lax and the party is never ending. Let me repeat, the party is never ending. I go there to party and I end up leaving and the sun is out.thats how wild things get, and you always lose track of time. Its also one of the places where anything can happen.  Its the kind of place where  I see a guy in a purple and green suit and thats completely normal. I really don't ever have a bad time when I come here and i know its a dependable party spot.
1	Good concept but the place is old and you just can't polish a turd. Great DJ's like ROB who know how to mix. Owner was a very unpleasant person who surrounds himself with bodyguards. He personally treated our party very poorly and we had paid for bottle services.Damn shame. Needs a walk through area so people can just dance in the small area that they have.
1	Bf wanted to check this place out, since we were only in town for a night.  I went here before when I was 21...that's like 5-6 years ago.  It was better service back then.  I will never come back here again. lolThe hotel was really dirty and old!  It's different for sure and nice to come check it out, but to stay no thank you!  So spoiled from The Wynn, Cosmo, and Vdara....  Where to start.... When we first got into the room, the lights wouldn't turn on.  We put the room key into the key slot that's required for the energy to turn on.  For some reason the light switch wouldn't work, you have to press the button like 5-6 times!  The bathroom look is the WORST!  It wouldn't even turn on after soo soooo many times!  And the worst of this is that, finally you would get it to turn on, it would turn off in a second!  It's like.. WTH?!?  The couch's foot is broken...You can see from the metal foot all the screws are hanging out.  -_-!  Ok now...this is the worst part...the bed sheets and blankets were sooooo GROSS!  You can remove the sheets and see stains and hair ALL OVER THE BEDDING!  We just removed all the bedding stuff and used the blanket in the closet...boy, that has hair and stains all over it too.  Stains were yellow, gray and black!  o.OIf you're gonna want to sleep in a quiet hotel, this isn't the spot.  We got back to the hotel around 5:20am and people were still getting to the hotel and people were still raging it like crazy in the lobby and the lounge.  Also in our room 415, I think the hotel outside speaker was right outside of our room, you can hear music blasting at 10 am.  It's so loud that we can even shazam the dang song! As it gets later the music gets louder!  The house keeping was the worst!  Worst Service ever of this place, obviously! But at 11am, they literally bang on your room and tell you have to check out now.  She did it 3 times really loud.  "Excuse you, lady!  We called for a late check out until 3pm and we're paying extra for it".  She even asked us, "Are you sure, you have late check out?"   "Dude, what do you mean are we sure?  Isn't it your job to know?"  TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE SERVICE!I guessed when I was younger, I never remember staying at any hotels and it was like this.  It's the worst hotel experience ever!Let's stick to our usual hotels now, booboo!  =D
1	If you like loud in your face  music every waking moment then stay here. It's too bad really considering it's a nice hotel. I can't go to the pool any time without annoying DJ music bumping in my eardrum.Get a clue people. Not everyone wants to hear the loud shit you play in the bar till 6am!!!!Also no ice machines. You have to inconveniently go to the bar. And $5 for a drip coffee?? No machines in the room either.No mini bar, no fridge; my room didn't even have an alarm clock. I asked the front desk and they said sorry.Lame excuse.
4	After hours!!  good music...alotta your rainbow flyers here...  nice spot though..
5	So I stumbled upon this little beauty of a hotel while I was on the hunt for a room for the first night of our long Vegas weekend..And let me say this...If we hadn't have already booked rooms elsewhere for the other three nights we were there I wouldn't have left the Artisan.The best things about the place are:Every single member of the staff that I dealt with was very, very courteous, friendly, and helpful. I'm talking from the Valet, to the Doorman, to the Front Desk, everyone was fantastic.This place is BEAUTIFUL. The paintings, the furniture, the design of the place... it took my breath away. It's an incredible mix of Gothic and impressionist renaissance art and design. From the statues that I wanted to take home, to the ornate black fountain in the lobby, to the wall to ceiling (yes literally, on the ceiling) art that ranged from Monet, to Dali, to Picasso, to Degas, to Van Gogh, to the wrought iron doors and wooden carvings, my inner goth girl was in heaven. Even the chapel made me wish I was getting married again just so I could use it. I have so many pictures I took of this place that it's unreal. It's really a sight to behold.The rooms are all themed to a certain artist. We happened to get Room 219 which is a Salvador Dali room. It was gorgeous and super clean. Paintings everywhere, mirrors, a black ceiling fan, ice cold air conditioning, and wall to wall black tile bathroom were awesome. It even had an ornate wooden desk to be able to sit at, as well as a plush black velvet chair you could sink into. Also, I was on the second floor while they had the pounding music at the bar underneath and I barely heard a thing. I don't know if people are just being too sensitive or what, but I slept like a baby. Btw, the beds are super comfy and the linens are plush and bright white. Seriously, I've been to MANY hotels, including the ones I stayed at the rest of my trip and NONE of them will top my experience at the Artisan. I can't recommend it enough. I've already told everyone I know about it. I will never stay anywhere else when I'm in Vegas. It will always be the Artisan from now on.
4	The after hours spot! Their resident DJ, Mike Attack is awesome, knows how to keep the party going!
4	Please note this review is only for the after hours night club not the hotel itself:Like a previous yelp reviewer said "loud music in your face" I recently came to the Artisan and had an awesome time! The place starts to pop after 3-4 am. This has got to be the best after hours party in LV. Nothing but house music!!! Yeeaaay (Lil Jon voice). I will continue to come here until my old @$$ breaks a bone. Long live house music!
4	The Grapefruit Martini was good, the atmosphere was unique.  A friend who use to live in Vegas brought me here, because she wanted to feel like a local again.  I am not sure if I would go out of my way to check this place out, but if you are looking for a great place a little off the strip, you should check this place out.
2	I like this place. I want to begin by saying that. It's affordable and the after hours allows for you to keep the party going long after the bigger nightclubs close.That being said, there are a few issues that leave something to be desired.-Our reservation was for a double bed. Upon arriving, all that was available was a queen. This was very disappointing. They couldn't even offer us a rollaway. One guest had to sleep on the floor.-On Facebook, an open bar is frequently advertised from 10-11. This is an awesome thing to offer guests, but often the bartenders are nowhere to be found. They only serve one type of vodka (which is pretty good), but often they don't have this vodka present at the bar (for whatever reason). -Furthermore, in regard to the open bar, the bartenders seemed very annoyed that's what I was there for (pregaming). I tipped well and all, but they were not happy that I was attending for the open bar. I couldn't really understand why.-Lastly, if you need more bottles of water or towels, I hope you're not in a hurry. It takes around 45 minutes for whatever you need to find it's way to your room.All in all, this is a fun place to stay and they have a lot to offer. I just feel like it could use some polishing.
1	If I could rate this a ZERO, I would! I'm currently in Hell. Got in from the east coast late and neeeeeeeded sleep. This hotel should have a disclaimer about music blaring outside your window all night long. I would like to say "you get what you pay for" since the room only cost $35, but that would be a lie. Unless they were paying me (large amounts of money) to stay here, it is not even worth the low price I paid.
1	Was in town with my wife looking for a salsa nightclub and came across a flyer for this place "Cuban nights". Being from Miami we were expecting salsa, merengue, bachata for the "Cuban nights" promo. We were disappointed to say the least when all that was playing was house music (Spanish) and the dance floor was tiny. It was more of a walk way because of the bad placement. The dance floor is already small but then it's at the entrance to the club where everyone coming in has to go through. We were able to dance a couple of merengue songs (the only ones they played) before going back to their house music which is fine but don't mislead dancers with calling it"Cuban nights" and play zero salsa music.
2	We were invited to a pool party here. This is a locals hotel, very off strip, but tourists do stay here as well. The pool is very small, but intimate. The inside of the hotel is very dark and dismal, but has some very interesting art and mirrors on the ceiling. I would not return simply because it gave me a creepy feeling (as though I would be robbed, or something). It is what it is.
5	I (heart) the Artisan! While it's off the beaten Strip, it truly is a boutique or should I say "burlesque-ish" hotel and pool!?!  I've stayed there several times recently and all I can  say it is "Federico Fellni-est!" All of the three star + Yelps tell the story. And fabulous service...I recently had a snafu with my reservation, partially my fault for not reading the fine print. However, Ashley, the hotel manager, explained to me my error on booking, yet accommodated my request. She is an absolute Doll!Great staff, a one-of-a-kind room & experience, and yes, it has a nice (top optional) pool.
5	Consistently the best afterhours music and dancing in town.  And they have really good late night food menu!  Lots of incentives for locals on bottles and rooms.  The decor is not for me but everyone else i know loves it so i wont take a star.  If youre looking for afterhours go to this is it!
2	AFTER HOURS:Artisan!!! No!!! What have you done?!?!Anyone who knows me know that I have been in love with the Artisan for the past year and a half. The amazing friends I've made, the endless dancing, leaving this place exhausted with sunglasses over my eyes... The Artisan was my home away from home. It was my motha fuckin' spot.Returning to Vegas, I could not wait to re-enter this familiar haunt. Walking up the from the gravel lot across the street, I got an overwhelming wave of happiness and memories past came flooding back.I got inside and it just wasn't the same. The place still has that seedy, mystical, haunted machine vibe, but the entire staff had changed. What I loved about the Artisan was that it was a place where the rift-raft were accepted. There was none of the pretense that exists on the Strip. It was a tried and true locals joint playing underground EDM. I was a regular here. At least 2-3x a month I'd visit. I'd meet friends and make friends inside these once sacred wall. I'm disappointed and my heart is slightly broken.HOTEL:The rooms are all individual and unique (hence boutique), so for that alone, kudos. The hotel in terms of Vegas standards is a 3 star. With afterhours 3-4 nights a week, you won't be getting a quiet nights sleep here. It just isn't going to happen. The rooms have comfy beds and the bathrooms are itty bitty. No tubs either. I had a suite, so it was kind of a shame, but for the sticker price, it's not a bad deal. Definitely worth checking out.RESTAURANT:I've never had a bad meal at the Artisan. Gourmet food, decent prices, great little restaurant area. The menu is seasonal and there are a lot off off menu items available!
4	LOVE the decor! Weds night is Latin night and it was a fun mix. We had a table on the dance floor, the security even watched our table for us while we checked out the patio. There used to be a sewer smell that has since been fixed ( TG!) It does get hot in there especially near the dance floor, just pump the air in a little more and I would have been more comfortable. Overall, the place is still a unique place to have discreet fun off the strip. It's a little tricky to get to, so have your route mapped out before you look for it. You have to go thru Western off Sahara. It's a Vegas secret that is not overrun with annoying tourists, which is what I like about it.
2	You have to wonder what some people are thinking by giving this place any more than two or three stars.The good thing is that this bar is beautiful. The paintings never cease to keep me looking up. I love that. That and the deep leather and just the richness of the place helps to stave away the Vegas look. The cons are that every person who works here is pretty much rude. A very few aren't, but that's not the majority AT ALL. I get the worst service here. From sitting and waiting and waiting and waiting for a drink, to being told to move out of a section that's reserved for the tweekers and ravers that hit every night. The ones that probably contribute little to the financial success of the bar than say, a professional there for drinks in a quiet, sexy atmosphere. Ahem. Yeah, service is bad.Next is that they serve the lowest common denominator in alcohol and beer. The choices are so shockingly bad and cheap that I have zero idea how this bar stays afloat. If I want to drink Heineken in a dark place I have a closet in my room and a fridge to store it. Except that Heineken isn't allowed in my fridge so there's that. This bar has appeal up until you need good service and a good drink then you're better off going to the bars on the strip. No thanks. Also, this hotel, while also beautiful, is so noisy you will never get sleep. It's so atrocious. Ugh, I have to stop writing about it before I get sick. Save your money and spend it on something more worthy.
4	For those that have complained about the lack of sleep while staying here: this is why you read reviews BEFORE booking a place to lay your head *smirk*. You poor unfortunate souls.Being a Vegas 'local', the Artisan is known for their party atmosphere. This begins with the rule of having to be 21+ to stay here.I am a little embarrassed to say that I had not gone to the Artisan until a few weeks ago. Once I got past the maze of industrial buildings and strip clubs and reached my destination, I couldnt figure out where the self parking was. I pulled into valet to ask where to park. The valet dude was very friendly, pointing to the gravel lot just across the street. Since he was friendly, I figured I'd just valet. I was carrying 3 dozen cupcakes and brownies for a party that I was attending there, and as soon as he saw them, he inquired about me attending the party that was being held there. I was impressed that he knew about the party, and he even knew which room it was being held at. Brownie points for him. In fact, I offered him an actual brownie, but he declined, being at work and all..The hotel lobby is bananas! ceilings full of mirrors and turn of the century/haunted mansion/french/renaissance/dungeon decor. (picture lots of brass, blood red, gold, velvet, and dimly lit areas throughout the property. Definitely my cuppa tea! The 'dark' decor theme continued as I reached the 5th floor. The suite that we had booked was awesome. A pool table in the middle of the room, with an adjacent bedroom. There was a small sink/counter area combo that worked perfectly for a bar, and we had rearranged the furniture to accomodate a small dance floor and DJ set up. As other yelpers have mentioned, there are no ice machines, but we planned ahead and brought plastic buckets to fill with ice down at the bar. The bartender was very accomodating and helped scoop ice from the machine for us. We cruised around the lobby, as I couldnt get over the decor. Be sure to check out their library if you're into the whole atmosphere experience.Ladies and gents, we partied our asses off in that sweet little suite. The whole 5th floor shook with the loudness from our DJ. This was both a plus and a creepy factor: the whole time I was there, I did not see any hotel patrons that were not part of our party. I did not see anyone at guest check in, only a valet employee and the bartender. It made me feel like I was part of a creepy chapter 2 of The Shining. LOVED IT!Linens on the bed were clean smelling, as were the bathrooms. Got the grungy feeling on my feet after kicking my heels off and running rampant on hotel room carpet, but that can be said (and felt) at every hotel.If you're looking for a fun and unique experience, and not peace and quiet, definitely check out the Artisan. A hop/skip/jump off the Strip, and with a toptional pool, frequent nights of After Hours, this is a place worth checking out at least once.
2	The only complaints I have are that this place smells bad and the service is shitty. Otherwise it's not too bad for a renovated motel 6 or whatever it was before.
1	I'm sorry Michael (GM) and Artisan staff but my stay here was substandard.  I don't feel good about this review - since I generally give any business the benefit of the doubt, but this particular hotel is by far the worst experience I've ever had since coming to Vegas - and I've been coming to Vegas since I was 12 years old (I'm 38 now) and I'm mortified by my time spent here in this hotel - if you choose to call this place a hotel.The "afterhours" party is obnoxious, redundant, loud, and sickening.  Especially if your room is above the pool.  And by the way, the pool is dirty and small and only open until 7pm - and it's about 3 feet deep.  My bathtub is bigger. There is no casino.The restaurant is never open.And the bar is always empty.  I had to pay $5 for a "PLASTIC" glass of sprite from the well.  Just a sprite.  NO liquor. There's no fridge in the room unless you opt for a junior suite.There are no ice machines - so be prepared to walk downstairs in a drunken stupor to ask the bartender for a bucket of ice.The nearest casino will cost you about $10 for a taxi ride.There are no vending machines - in case you get the "munchies".  And who wants to pay $8 for a bottle of water!?  Are you kidding me!?If I could get my money back, I would.  But, I purchased my stay from ORBITZ and there are no refunds. The water constantly drips from the shower.  And although this hotel is 'green' - (the energy saving keycard) - it's annoying.  The lights turn off constantly.  My ironing board was broke. My iron leaked water. The wif-fi was spotty.  The street noise is constant and deafening.   The elevator is slow. ONE ELEVATOR, by the way.The art is cool but not cool enough to pay for the drama that has occurred over the last 72 hours.I did complain and the manager upgraded my room on the first night, so the customer service was superior - I will give them that plug.  But, this HOTEL isn't first-class enough to make my stay pleasant. I feel bad for giving this hotel a one-star review.  Especially since I haven't checked out of my room yet.  But it's so frustrating not being able to have the VEGAS convenience of food and gambling.  My wife is sick in bed this evening and it would be soooo gratifying to be able to purchase some seltzer and some ib profin!  Without exorbitant prices!  But, alas, this HOTEL is disappointing.  I'm starving, dehydrated, and broke.  This hotel could make a lot of money if the owner just put in a few slot machines, a deli, and the option for 24-hour room service.  That's all.  I'm not sure how this hotel is making it.  They are on the fast-track to a bankrupt business. It's been a ghost town for the last 48 hours!  I feel bad for the valet and bar staff.  I'm not a snob but this is THE WORST hotel in Vegas.  HANDS DOWN!  WORST!  I don't like throwing out explanation points like this - but I'm staring at my ill wife and a watered down glass of sprite.  I can't wait to check out of this hell hole.  I 'almost' don't want to visit Vegas ever again.  And that's a sad & recent development.    If you want the Vegas experience, fork out the extra few hundred and stay at The Mandalay.  It's by far THE BEST experience I've ever had.  I should have done that to begin with.  :(
3	first of all i have to say the venue was beautiful!!!! everything about how my wedding looked was exactly what i wanted thanks to bouquet couture! (not affiliated w/artisan)i was in contact with heather murray who is their event planner/manager. lets just say the most basic of things were what she helped me with. She didnt have many opinions. I made it very clear that because i live in orange county, i was very open to suggestions/recommendations with vendors. thursday. we had been exchanging emails about rehearsal times for the past 2 weeks.. she called me welcoming me which was very nice. also she wanted to confirm our 6pm rehearsal time... well our rehearsal time was for 630 which is stated in our emails. side note- i am completely stressed out at this point.. we still had to get our marriage license and meet with the dj.. anyway i told her no its at 630 and she said she had another appointment and "would try to figure it out.." then later texts me back to say sorry because she dbl checked her email and i was right! duh! why are you adding stress to this day.. you are supposed to be making it easier! many things like this happened. anyway so the rest of the evening went pretty well... heather was a lil frustrated because most of the wedding party was buzzed and it was hard to get people to shut up.. but hey its vegas! anyway.. so it was told to me that we could use the iPod hook up outside for the ceremony.. micheal (manager?)  was in charge of hitting next and fading out music during the ceremony... the plug in for iPod was super sensitive and kept making the music cut out.. after the 4th time running through we got it all figured out and he said if we used an ipad we wouldn't have these problems because it could sit on the table..done i did that assuming it would be perfect... lets just say on the day of we got through the forst 3 songs easy and when the last song that needed to play as we walked out after our vows.. iit skipped and went quiet for like 15-20 seconds while we stood up at the alter.. totally awkward. remind me how hard it is to press play? k fast forward to rehearsal.. i talk to heather & michael.. i find out heather will only be by the wedding for a couple minutes.. she is putting someone i have never met in charge of my entire wedding.. and basically this poor lady has to only go by a sheet of paper heather has drawn up for her. refer back to rehearsal time mistake and so many more little mistakes like spelling my first/last name wrong on official contracts.. i mean im paying you guys over $15,000 and pretty much sold out your hotel... can u spell my name right? wedding day!so she brings the ipad down to have pre ceremony music.  we head downstairs which she walked us down to make sure we didnt run into the guys.. think thats the last time i saw her. after the ceremony is when i lost my shit. were in the lobby taking pictures &i keep seeing all the guests running to the main bar when there is a bar in the reception area that we payed for (soft bar) 3 hours. it shoud have started right away for cocktail hour!  i stressed to heather over all those months that i wanted the guests ushered into the reception area to take photos& get drinks! well there was no structure whatsoever because this chick that was "running" my wedding had no clue what was going on! on top of that... they only had a cash bar so everyone was running to the main bar to get their drinks (where they all had been hanging out the whole weekend!$$$) because no one told them where to go! also a friend of mine put 500 bucks toward the bar because they were charging people! ps.. it was 35 bucks a person for 3 hours plus a 29.1 percent tax/gratuity... also i have friends that do not drink and we still had to pay for them as drinkers including his lil sister who is only 19. another quick side note.. they dont have non alcoholic beer so i went and bought some to put behind the bar... no idea if they charged my friends for those but i wouldnt be surprised since its completely unorganized. 1 more thing..  a mnth before the wedding we had a tasting with heather that went great.. during this time i asked her about saturday night in the masterpiece suite because wanted to book it. she said it was available & got me the discounted rate for $249  so i booked the room after the tasting which came to $290.00. we partyed pretty late in the afterhours downstairs after wedding..it was about 11am when i heard a knock on our door the morning after our wedding. the maid asked me if i was checking out.. i said no i booked for another night.she said ok &got on her walky talky.. i  started getting ready for the pool party  about 40 minutes later, another knock on the door &its 2 security guys. one  guy said wehe said they were told i had "refused to leave the room" and needed to move across the hall asap! wtf! so we had to move ALL of our wedding stuff (dress,gifts,luggage) with 30 friends waiting in lobby. we were pissed.
4	Excellent place to have a good beer, with good company, and away from most of the tourists.
1	Very original place, cool music and great drinks. Had family visiting from out of town so I decided to show them this amazing place. Bartender chic gorgeous zero cool and kind of rude forgot to tell us they having a private event, so minutes later with half of the drinks still in our hand we get asked to leave the bar. Where is management ??
1	I have to tell you how disappointed I am with our stay. I'm sitting in my room writing this too. I brought 2 other couples with me and they are disappointed as well. 1) The rooms are not exactly clean2) My husband and I got " bit" several times during the night while laying on the bed. I'm assuming bed bugs!3) I went to the front desk and reported this and got a blank stare from 3 different women behind the desk. I asked if the room could be sprayed or we got moved. Again...a blank stare4) Seriously....$5.00 for a cup of coffee for your guests??? This is outrageous to say the least!! 5) Upon arrival we were notified of costs for parking the car, pool maintenance etc. really... An additional $11.50 plus a day6) upon arrival back to the hotel on 10/20, I was going to ask about the staying of our room but decided...I'm sure they've done it. NOT!! I am once again being bit to hell and my face and neck while laying in what I assume is a bug ridden bed!!!!!!! Obviously, I was ignored at the front desk when I informed them of the bug issue. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!!! I've stayed in low grade motels while on the road and The Artisan is far worse and any Motel 6!!!! The management her should be disgusted by the lack of action taken by your employes to stratify their customers!!!Marcella Room 51610/19 through 10/22Sent from my iPad
1	Serious lack of sleep makes for a GRUMPY!!!!!! This place is right under a highway bridge and it sounds like it. The sirens going off and the horns being pissy will wake you up thru out the night. The door has a gap at the bottom and the shower is tiny and dark. The bathroom is done in a cool black theme but there is one small light. It's like the place was built to be the center of a dark smutty porn because the room is pretty dark too (with 3 lamps). Unless you turn on the main lamp. Then you are looking at the sun in your room. Not worth the stay. One plus side is the deco in the halls and lobby is awesome. I would say just come and see the lounge and bar.
3	Website stated some amenities like a restaurant that is open for breakfast/lunch & dinner... Well said restaurant was closed for breakfast/lunch only opened for dinner.  Front desk staff is friendly.Room was clean- we did ask if we could move to the 5th floor since we could hear lots of pacing from the room above us. We were moved right away. After hours lounge did not bother me at all. It's a party hotel, we were here for the life is beautiful festival
5	Best place for a Wedding!The attentiveness of the staff for my wedding party and my family were perfection.  Everything went so smoothly and the coordinator was there for everything (even when I didn't need her!)  I would recommend this place for any wedding, conventional or unconventional.  The chapel was the perfect size for my ceremony, and the reception area was just beautiful with twinkle lights as the sun went down.Michael Swain, Ashley Mendiola, Lucia Tovalin and the staff at the Artisan definitely made my day one to remember.  I would refer this place to any new blushing bride!
3	We've stayed here before, although quite a long time ago, and I do have to say some things have changed for the better.  You now need your room card to operate the elevators to go up to the floors, and you also need it to operate the lights/AC in the unit.  We liked that added security feature. Front desk/Valet staff was friendly as well, they made the whole arrival/check-out process a breeze.What we didn't like:1) The Mood restaurant used to be open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Now it's only open from 5pm-midnight and there really aren't any convenient places to go to get breakfast food if you just want to relax in your room and eat.2) In our room, the sofa/love seat in front of the bed had a broken leg, and the broken leg was sticking out to the point where I tripped on it the next morning (I didn't notice it upon check-in, we were so tired we just went straight to bed.)  Apparently the staff hasn't been checking up on this because the front desk was surprised when I told them.  I would think that something that obvious would be noticeable to the cleaning crew. Also, the sink in the bathroom was wobbly to the point where it knocked into the wall while leaning against it to brush your teeth/wash your face.  Not a huge problem, but it was somewhat annoying.  3) (The major issue) All night we felt itchy and we felt like something was crawling on us in the bed, but when we would look around we wouldn't find anything.  The next morning, however, I woke up to two small roach-like insects running around on the bed. Needless to say we just grabbed our belongings and checked out. I took photos of them if management would like to see, but I won't post them. The room/hotel didn't look "dirty" even with these minor problems.  They may have come in from outside or through the window...but nonetheless it was a little unsettling.We would continue to stay here when we come to Vegas (which isn't often) simply because of the courteous staff (our bartender was Britney and she was great) and the environment.  We ate dinner when we arrived, and the food was great, and the waiter was very attentive.  We can't complain about that experience at all. We would just like to see the rooms checked over a little more thoroughly in the future. Also, we would like to see an after-hours snack bar or even chips/soda for guests who want to purchase snacks when the restaurant isn't open.  I know the bar is open 24 hours, so maybe it could be located in there?  It's just such a hassle to go ask the valet to get your car, drive on the main street to grab some food, and come back to valet your car again.
4	I have meant to review this place for a while, I've been about a dozen times. I havent been in a while (6 months or so) If things have changed since then, (like staff, I have no complaints there but it may be outdated)This is where we stay when we go for a weekend. Normally when we go for longer than that we stay elsewhere, because it's normally for business and sleep is more important than fun.It's Loud. I'm OK with that. You should know about this is advance and not complain. I'm ok with the shabby thing and the darkness and the wait for the car and all of that.I LOVE that the rooms arent a million miles from the front door, I love that its not a casino, I love the paintings and the themes. I love all that artsy stuff. I love that we were never pointed to some big place to go eat, it was always something cool and funky. If you ask for an opinion about where to go and tell them off the beaten path, they give you the real skinny.Reading other people's reviews, I realize that my memories are better than the real thing. But I am always happy after I've stayed, so my issues are generally small and easily taken care of.To tell the truth I am a little bummed about there no longer being breakfast here, it was amazing and I really liked the convenience.I've seen complaints about waiting for room service, I'm never in a hurry when I ask for room service so this never bothered me. If it were pressing, I would go out and get whatever I needed myself. I've never been overly dependant on room service, no matter where I stay.Free Porn, on a loop, but still, free porn. Friendly staff (as I remember it, but again, its been a while) Champagne was warm when we got, everytime, but it was FREE to begin with and I didn't really expect much for it.My annoyances stem from, no ice machine, having to go all the way down to the bar to get ice is frustrating at 2am. Especially when your not there to party, your not dressed up and you just want a cold drink. Who brings their ID to an Ice machine? Well, you will here because you won't get in that late at night, even for ice, without it. (though maybe you could if you flirt with the guards...)People have kicked my door, thinking it was the party across the hall. I don't blame the hotel for that, or that there was a party there, but I do have a complaint about the parties on the hotel room floors that spill into the hall, especially when they leave the doors to their rooms open. Also I'm not a pot smoker, if partiers choose to partake, that's their business, but don't smoke it in the halls. Have more respect. I don't like the marshmello beds, We've found that the king beds are much more comfortable for us as a couple when we go. I only ever got doubles in the first place so we would have more lounging room.Last but not least, its kind of a pain to get to, we get lost on our way in almost everytime and the first 2 times it really annoyed us since it was very late and we were tired to begin with.Its a little run down, every room doesnt have a fridge, you have to wait to get your car, but I've never had the staff not follow through on promises made. I'd go again. I don't know why people have trouble with the neighborhood or whatever. Only one other review (about the bugs bothered me, and if it had been something more than a possible fluke I'd be hard put to say I'd go back), but I love the "little guy" and I love personality and this place has it in spades.
3	This review only applies to the hotel because I'm just not cool enough to stay up late for afterhours. We booked a room here for two nights when we drove out to run the rock and roll half marathon. Usually we stay further off strip (Green Valley, the M) but wanted to be a bit closer this time for convenience and they had super reasonable room rates so we took a chance.I was well aware of the after hours loudness situation so when we checked in, I mentioned we'd appreciate a quite-ish room if at all possible and were put on the 5th floor. Speaking of check in, the girl working the desk was incredibly friendly and awesome. Unfortunately, I don't remember her name but, Girl who used to work at the hotel in Santana Row - you were wonderful! The decor throughout the lobby and in the room is unique and interesting. A nice touch of personality in a city full of homogeneous hotels. So, why the 3 stars you ask? We slept terribly. It actually had NOTHING to do with the after hours club. We could hardly hear the music on the fifth floor (occasionally we could pick up on the bass if it was quiet in the room, but nothing disruptive at all), but you could here A TON of road noise from Sahara/ the 15 / emergency vehicles. Our window faced Sahara and it was LOUD. Usually some road noise doesn't bother me, I've lived in cities and busy suburbs but this was bad. Big rig horns, sirens, people honking for fun it seemed. In general I'm a fairly light sleeper but I was awoken close to once an hour because something loud was happening.I would for sure go here for a drink in the lounge to show someone the cool decor, but even if you're having a Vegas party trip you want to nap quietly for a few hours at some point of the day or night and the street noise was too consistent to allow for resting, so I personally wouldn't stay here again.
5	Ok Now we are talkin' Hidden Gem! If you want to get away from the strip but dont want the dive bar atmosphere of the local joints. Look no further, your ship has come in. This place has under gone a massive image change, from "I wouldn't  be caught dead here" to "a very groovy place". I am told during the summer the pool can get pretty wild. Check it out on Wednesday nights for great happy hour specials and live Jazz (The real deal none of this modern overproduced garbage!)Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Not a soul in the place. Where is everyone? Saw two employees
5	I've had a two year love affair with Artisan Las Vegas. Something about parking in the gravel lot across the street and walking up the long driveway, I just feel at home. I know every nook and crany of this place. From the paintings that hang on the wall and the ceiling, to the music that can be heard thumping on the patio, to the way the trees are decked out in lights. This New Year's Weekend, I was walking in with friends that I had made at this establishment and uttered the words, "let's go home."Artisan has recently made changes and change is always hard, but after getting over the "it's just not the same" bratty-ness, I've been here several times over the past few weeks and Artisan has found it's bearings again. Once again, Artisan deserves it's crown as best Afterhours spot in Vegas bringing in some real underground talent such as Violet Reign, Marco Bailey, Satoshi Tomiie, and Spacebyrdz. Techno and Deep, dark house are given a home. DJs are not told what to spin here and the party stops when there's no one left. Shout out to Resident DJ M!KEATTACK spinning every Saturday. The man keeps getting better and better.Jimmy Weber is the most amazing host here as well. Any time I need anything at Artisan, he takes care of me and my friends. Even when I told him my concerns on the direction Artisan was headed a few months back. If you need anything, see Jimmy. He is legit, the hostest with the mostest.So, if you're looking for a unique afterhours spot or something that isn't so commercialized or main stream, Artisan is the place to be. No Arty, no party!
4	Fun hotel with cool decor, especially in the lobby and hallways.  The rooms are pretty good although not as good as the lobby.  The restaurant had a great menu.  The resort fee is reasonable by Vegas standards but it should be since they don't have a have a tub or a fitness center.
5	What a fascinating place this is.  They have the most unique decor in the city and don't be surprised to look up and see a framed mirror or painting overhead... Everywhere.  Also these days they rent out a suite and you can have a great party... not drive home and check out, leaving behind any crumbs or spills.  We attended a party here and thought it was the best way to throw a party ever!!!
4	Always a fun spot whether for a party or for staying the night.The hotels on the strip are unique enough...insider their casinos. But let's face it, once you get up to the rooms, most of them are the same as every other hotel.But not the Artisan. Every square inch of the hotel is unique and beautiful, and it's particularly impressive considering this used to be a dumpy Days-Inn-style hotel back in the day. It has truly been re-purposed into a beautiful spot. Rooms are clean and comfortable, and as soon as you enter the hotel, you know you're having an experience far more unique than your fellow travelers over on the Strip.The places loses one star from me only for having to get ice from the downstairs bar (which pretty much means you have to tip a bartender to get ice). Really? I'm up on the 5th floor at the end of the hall, and I have to shlep all the way down to the ground floor, wait in line at the bar, and then tip a bartender for ice? Hassle.But having said that, the staff is very friendly and helpful, particularly the bartender Daisy.
1	Pretty awful bar experience here.  Attended a party while in town for an expo.  We waited in line at the bar by the main door, then tried to order a dirty martini and they couldn't do it because the "ingredients are at the other bars" within the hotel.  I tried to order a manhattan and they couldn't do that either.  We went to the bar outside by the pool and they didn't have any wine.  Then their credit card machine went down, so we paid cash and they couldn't even give a receipt so we could claim the write-off (this was a business party after all).  A lot of attitude from some of the bartenders as well.
4	Great beats that cuts thru your soul.   A bit of a pain for bathroom and bar (long lines). Decor and lights were bad ass
3	Fun if you like after parties. However, it we got the most horrible service ever.
5	I've been here a couple of times when I visit Vegas and I love it. Definitely a great after hours club to go to. Honestly, I've never had a bad experience at this club, everyone is nice and the music is good to dance too. If it gets too hot, there is an outside bar that you can go and socialize in. I will definitely go back when I am in town again!
1	Worst hotel ever. Creepy and dark.  If you're going there for an all-night party, it's probably a great place to be.  If you think you're going there to stay at a quiet, boutique hotel (which was exactly the way it was described to us by hotel staff about 5 years ago - don't know when that changed), think again.  I did not know that this was the after hours hot spot in Vegas (10p-8a) until I checked in, and my room had been pre-paid and was non-refundable.  It was so loud with really dicey characters hanging around.  I didn't feel safe at all.  Everyone I talked to that was staying there hated it.  And when I complained to the front desk staff when I checked out, they didn't seem to care.  DO NOT STAY HERE.
2	if it weren't for the fact that it was $7.00 for the night we stayed I would have one starred this.   It is guady, dirty, smelled like weed (normally I don't mind but it was SO prevalent)   Don't stay if you expect something fantastic.
2	Let me look for a silver lining. Hard. Okay...here goes. I'm not a kid, I'm a grown-up and as such have stayed in some pretty amazing hotels. In fact, it's been a very long time since I've stayed in anything even remotely close to what I'd call a "flea-bag" hotel. But I was coming in for the catering convention and really wanted to avoid the hustle and bustle of crazy casino hotels and love the boutique experience. Mandarin was over $400 and thought that the Artisan looked super funky and fun and it seemed close to the strip (on my computer screen at least!), so why not! So here's the straight dope on the Artisan -- it's located miles from anything in a TERRIBLE part of town. Surrounded by strip clubs and industrial strip malls it'll cost you a nice cab ride to get anywhere (and there is nothing to eat here during the week!) so factor that into your final cost savings. But primarily, I did not feel safe at all. Now on to the hotel itself. Drive up is cute with nice first appearance, although I wasn't greeted by anyone, which was my first clue that something was amiss. The lobby is dark and interesting. Very quiet and cool with floor to ceiling (literally!) art -- but the emphasis here is on quantity, not quality - just a bunch of junk really. Still I appreciated what they were putting forth and thought it was kitsch and fun. Front desk was nice enough, but could have been warmer. They told me that they couldn't let me pay the additional fee for early check-in because they were sold out the night before. Now...I was checking in on a Tuesday, which meant they were sold out on a Monday. A hem.....when I tell you there was not a SOUL in this hotel I kid you not. I saw one couple only the entire time I was there, so I suspect what they were saying was that they bring their staff in to clean up after the weekend on Monday and Tuesday and just take their time???? It was strange. I took the elevator to my room and the hallway just had the strangest, scariest fung shui - can't explain it. It was like blood was gonna start dripping from the walls any minute. Moving on to the room......This is where the magic really dies. Room color is all wrong and they carried the "we found a bunch of junk and stuck it on the walls" motif to the max in my room. Lampshade was busted! Popcorn ceilings! Cheap, ugly ceiling fan that was about a second from flying off into the abyss! Terrible mattress and pillows! I won't even get into the pool area - suffice it to say the pictures were snapped on the day it was opened. So, what's the upside? The hotel is fun and funky. I suppose if you're a 20-something and here for the club which is from what I heard definitely happening on the weekends, this is the perfect choice for stumbling to your room at 4:00 am. But if you're a grown up looking for a safe, comfortable, convenient choice in Vegas...pass on Artisan.
1	Arrived about 10pm on a Saturday night.  It was dead in the lobby and the bar.  Two of us ordered glass of red wine and a martini and gave $40 and got back $4.  Usually my Saphire martini's cost about $15.  In this case it was $15 plus "$3 martini bump"  The wine was also $15 for average red.  In addition, I asked for water and was charged $6 for bottled water.   the martini was so bad I think it's fairly unlikely that bottle actually had saphire in it.  I had one sip and about gagged.  Ate the olives and left the gin!After about 15 minutes they turned on music and disco-like lights and horrible music with way too much base that gave me an instant headache.  the few people left in the bar left.  My friend and I left shortly thereafter.The restaurant was closed.  The crowd was non-existant.  Rip-off drinks.  Horrible music and very confused about who they are!  (Disco at a dark, trying to be sexy bar?  blech)Overall.... another level of Dante's hell Not cool, hip, or bad in a good way...just BAD.PS I noticed a response from the GM on 8/2012 on the SAME issue to another person who wrote about the upgrade on the drink and overcharging... 2+ years later and it hasn't changed.  Uhm... this seems more like a POLICY and a problem to be corrected!
4	The Artisan is amazing. Located near the strip off Sahara. Atmosphere that cannot be matched anywhere else. I just love all the art and how the interior lobby/lounge/bar areas are designed. And the hotel rooms are amazing as well! Great food... A little pricey. But nonetheless a posh, sophisticated venue with great art and sexy, inviting atmosphere!
4	Went to birthday party at bar . Bar man was friendly and the sliders I had were great . I did find the place a little dark and eerie , but all all had a good time
5	I adore this hotel, it's like falling into a creepy version of Alice and Wonderland, which is oddly enough straight up my alley. Spooky decor, felt slightly haunted, rooms are very unique. I love it here, but I can say I have friends who would hate it and not feel comfortable. It all comes down to taste. Service was fine, amenities were adequate considering it cost under $50 for two nights. Very comfy bed and big screen TV, rain shower, and yes you can hear the music from the club downstairs so if you're very sensitive to noise, this probably isn't the place for you, but it didn't bother us in the least bit. Guys down at valet were great and always remembered us as we came and went. I'm a local and this is one of my favorite stay-cation locations. It's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle and normality on the strip. I'll definitely be back.
2	This hotel is like if Tim Burton and a hooker from the year 1850 had a baby. If that sounds cool to you, then this is the place for you! It's like a little piece of hell. Think being in a trashy part of Vegas sounds like your dream get away? Well, it gets better! Being vibrated by a pumping bass for 8 hours as you lay peacefully in bed until 8am is only an added bonus!  How did they know club music is like an adult version of a lullaby? Also, the hallways and walls are littered with 18th century artwork and earlier. I'm pretty sure they're the originals. Which makes me wonder, why, with all the drug addicts around, they don't give the Mona Lisa some security? I have to say, I'm really looking forward to returning to The Artisan one day. But, that day won't be until I am fully deaf (and that day could be today!). But, let's not talk about the future when I should be focusing on the present! Currently, it's 7:04am at The "Art"isan and I tried using the little foam earplugs they so gracefully offer. How lovely that they're thinking of their patron's night sleep. I gave them a try to limit some of the sound and boy oh boy, what a genius idea! It's like that one time a guy tried to stop Niagara Falls with an umbrella!xo.PS. 2 stars is for the friendly staff and clean room.  Minus 3 stars because you can't be a club AND a hotel. pick one and go with it.
1	I made a reservation Friday morning to stay the following day.  I call Saturday morning to see if I can check in early and they said at 4pm.  I show up and they can't find me in the system, they never mentioned that when i called!! The guy finally finds me and he says they booked me for Friday and I was a "no show!"  I was so upset! They said they had no rooms available and turned their face on me.On the way out some lady was having the same issue.  I Told the GM and he didn't do anything about it.  The worst part isThey were having two private events and we found out they gave our rooms to other people (by an employee! ) .  So make sure you book online and save your confirmation because if you book over the phone they can do as they please. It's a bummer tho because I love art and this place is amazing!  By far one of my favorite lounges in town!
2	I agree with a lot of the reviews. there is pros and cons. I'll just write my experience since all else is mentioned already. - i find the hotel very pretty and awesome, but also very dark. - our room, though far away from the after hours nightclub - is right above the pool. they play music by the pool at all hours of the day, even when there is not a soul out there for hours on end. doesn't make sense to me. its repetitive and annoying. i would prefer quiet - but then again, i would just hear the highway a lot more. - our room also didn't have an electrical socket by the bed or the desk for the computer. it took me 3 days, but i finally got 2 extension cords. - the staff is mainly very nice and helpful. - the pool party was fun, but the music was too loud, with ear plugs. nobody was dancing, so i asked the manager to turn it down a bit, but he said that if more people come, it needs to be this loud so they know its a party. i said that when people are dancing or even standing, its a party. when everyone there (10 people) are laying down - its not a party and i don't  believe i need to go deaf while wearing earplugs. just doesn't make any sense to me. i know i'm older now... 37... but still. - the club - pretty as everything is here, but also too loud. hurts my ears with ear plugs. also not the music i like to dance to, so essentially i just walked out after less than 5 minutes. - i don't know if it says this anywhere, but this place is essentially a swingers hotel - so anything goes pretty much anywhere. i have no issues with that, on the contrary, but if you do - stay elsewhere. - there is not breakfast to be had unless you walk a mile away. - no coffee / tea - even though they did prepare it for me with a special request. - restaurant is only open friday and saturday. but if there's an event happening at the bar - then no food for you. - i think it would be an awesome place for a photo shoots of several kinds. summary - after you get used to the shortcomings, and the shitty music, its nice and most of all unique. but i have experienced better. the key is to know what to expect.Ps - i am again stuck in the lobby right now because the elevator key again will not take me upstairs. 90% of the time that i have attempted to go upstairs in the elevator i needed to go get a new card key that still would not always work. When you are in a rush it could not be more frustrating. They keep apologizing but after 10 times that stopped having any validity. Its my last morning here before check out. They were able to extend my morning with a late check out which is always appreciated.
1	I used to frequently visit this establishment and then they began to make stupid rules and kicking people out that should be allowed and that do absolutely nothing wrong. I always brought a crowd and hyped up the place as much as possible but now I'm not even allowed there and is based off of stuff that I didn't do and my ex,,..Cmon real;ly who is she sleeping with that she can get someone who spent more then she could make in that place keep me from being there on a hearsay quote, or by one sided choices of the establishments management crew, one week i through a gathering there on a Sunday and the following thursday i was banned cmon really
5	Best after hours hands down . Very friendly staff. Also the security personal is amazing !! Me and my girlfriend felt safe all night .
1	Why I would choose to eat at a place that doesn't even have a working number for the front desk you ask ? Because there was a wine event there that was completely separate from anything to do with the Artisan, and after a glass of wine I was actually semi impressed by the appetizer list the Artisan put out.I decided to go with the 9$ plate of beef kabobs ( steak , onions , peppers, how could you go wrong ? ) After about 20-25 min on waiting on a "10 min order" I was brought this plate of tiny little pieces of steak on a stick each one had  one onion slice and one square of a cold green pepper . There was also a side of sauce that fell before I ever saw the plate but the waitress wouldn't mind getting me another sauce "if I really wanted her to"....I wasnt even sure the food was warm anymore so I tasted a piece before I took the photo. The plate was warmer then the food but after the bothered tone I was met with about the spilled sauce I was more then reluctant to send my food back into that kitchen. *scary*When asked if I needed anything else I asked her for napkins,those were never brought . I suppose she couldn't be bothered to come right back with those.9$ for this plate of luke warm beef bites worth it ?  Me Thinks not Id like to note again this is no reflection of the wine group that was there, the wines were great and brought a big crowd to a resort that apparently couldn't handle it.
2	I do have to start out by saying, the valet was the highlight of this trip. Upon checking in we waited 10 minutes for someone to come to the front desk.  The light in the room wouldn't shut off due to a broken switch. Lastly, the horrible over powering smell of weed that filtered into our room was uncomfortable at 1am and staff couldn't do anything to fix the issue. The room was good a good size, cleaning crew did a great job, wish the sheets fit the bed, and I was happy to actually have the cleaning lady ask if we wanted extra towels which was nice. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you want to do Vegas for a quick stop, don't plan on sleeping and have a vehicle to get around.
2	I am a Las Vegas local and love the the uniqueness of this hotel. I recently had my birthday there ( free bottle for your bday month) and everyone was so freaking rude. I hated that I had to tip the people that even helped me there. Before walking in no one even said hi to us, I had to say hi to everyone workin there. You're supposed to have 6 or more people to get a free bottle, but then there is no place for us to sit?? The people across the way kept stealing our chairs, so when I asked my boyfriend to get them back security says " they paid for their bottle." Like wooooow. Who's to say that after this bottle that I wouldn't get another one?? Oooor maybe I was too hammered and was going to stay at your hotel??? Anyway. Needless to say after the very rude staff, and finishing our FREE bottle we left.
4	Stayed here last night and had a pleasant stay. From valets to front desk to bartenders, everyone was very friendly. 21+ hotel, so most people staying here were just looking to party. Great place for young people looking to party. They did have a few problems with the plumbing which caused a fire during our stay, so -1 star. Very eccentric and unique hotel to stay at, and they have relatively low rates. If you don't have a car, I would skip on the artisan because there aren't very many places to eat or party nearby. Also, the pool is a topless(optional) pool.
3	I always prefer to stay in a bigger hotel when I travel to Vegas but ended up staying here for one night. The room was decent (no Aria or Wynn) but it certainly wasn't horrible like some places I have seen. The pool was clean although it was small but the hotel itself is also pretty tiny. All in all I probably wouldn't stay here again because I prefer bigger casinos and hotels.
5	This place is awesome. I needed another room after EDC and found this place. The decor is off the chain! I'm in love with the setup of this place. The staff is very friendly and helpful, Thanks for everything Michael Tornka. The bar tender is funny and the drinks were strong. It's close to the freeway and parking is easy. The room was soo much cheaper then expected. The pool set up is PERFECT.  It has trees for shade, little covered couches and each has its own private tv. Best of all. They played EDM throughout the whole hotel!  Win win win situation. Best bang for your buck. I will defiantly be back!
5	What can we say but amazing and wonderful things about the Artisan Hotel in Las Vegas. This small, non-casino, boutique hotel off of the strip offers everything that one seeking a great weekend could possibly ask for.From the general manager to the reception staff like Tara, the valets such as Spencer, Ray and Tony, along with the evening security Alexis, are all such wonderful and attentive people.Now I don't mean to bash anyone else's review but those of you that think The Artisan is too loud and crazy, they tell you ahead of time and all the reviews online forewarn you!   In fact, you are alerted prior to your checking in on multiple occasions that if you're a light sleeper or you don't like to "party" and have fun this may not be the place for you. But, if you're looking to have a great time meet some outstanding people and being taken care of from the moment of check in to the time you leave then this is the hotel for you.We stayed in the busy casinos on the strip and we'd prefer the Artisan every time we come to Vegas. It's the place to be. We cannot be more happy!
4	This is a cool place to hang out.  Deco is great, friendly staff, cozy laid back place.
5	Best kept secret in Vegas- after hour power! I love this boutique hotel! If you want something different in Vegas- and love good music... This is your place. The DJ's they bring are top notch... It is a place for the after hour athletes! The vibe is amazing, beautiful pool, and has a very personal feel with the staff here! The rooms are unique- quaint, and clean! Love it here- and keep the music coming....
5	First of all, Rumor and Artisan are like apples and oranges to begin with but there is nothing like when you arrive to a hotel as well priced as this and they are happy to see you! The staff here, housekeepers, Michael (front desk), bartenders, everyone that works here has a great attitude and that makes a HUGE difference. They remember my name, The rooms are eclectic and cool! The shower broke in our room so they upgraded us to a huge suite for the same price and offered to help us move. This would NEVER happen at Rumor (they should take note). Besides that the after hours and everything else has been awesome. I will stay here many more times!!
4	I'd like to thank everyone for an enjoyable stay,From Daisy at the bar, to Spencer in valet!I'll come back, when I'm not too sure, But I'll definitely remember there's not an ice machine on any floor. I also like that you're energy efficient and need your room key to stay cool, But then again there IS the naked pool. 4 stars I give to you now, But so far, you take the crown.Hotel Boutique you are, That's why I'm glad I'm not far.
2	I hear this place is hopping at around 2am.  I were here around midnight, on a Saturday night and it was dead!  The floors were sticky and the service was lacking.  I may try it again sometime but I'm not racing to go back immediatley.
4	when my daughter comes into town, i put her up at a nice hotel because she is allergic to my cats.  she is very bohemian and eclectic so i thought she would like a boutique hotel.she raved and raved and raved about artisan and still raves about it to this day.  we loved the inside bar, the outside courtyard with beautiful twinkle lights at night, the luscious and decadent lobby, and the interesting rooms that are out of the ordinary.  i liked it so much that when a group of friends came into town, i put them up there and also rented the masterpiece suite.  we had a blast playing pool and lounging on the huge leather surround couches.  it was like having our own private tiny little nightclub.  if you want a great alternative to the run of the mill hotel, and don't mind thinking outside the box, this boutique experience is for you.
1	Warning: BED BUGS!!!My girlfriend and I stayed two nights, and she woke up with bed bug bites! At first, we thought mayyyyybe they were spider bites, but did more research and found out that they were bed bug bites. Gross. It was disgusting and very disappointing, especially since we booked their "suite" (itty bitty room). We called the hotel after we left and found out the bites were from bed bugs. The guy who answered the phone was not empathetic and even seemed annoyed that we were calling to let him know about the bites. He simply replied "thanks for info. I'll tell my manager and call you back." I waited almost a week to write a yelp review in hopes that something more would be done, at least to let us know that they washed all the bedspreads. However, we never heard back from them. And here we are now writing a negative review as a result. Overall, we were utterly disgusted with both the cleanliness/hygiene and customer service of this hotel. I haven't written a yelp review in a while, but felt so passionately that future guests should be given a head's up of what they can possibly expect if they chose to stay here. Perhaps this will save someone else a few hundred dollars only to be exchanged for bloody, bruised blotches up and down their legs.
1	Shared a room with a friend who flew into town for business and didn't want to stay alone. I was confused as to why she would chose the Artisan but her company arranged all her travel plans. She asked for my company for the night after reading some reviews.The one star is for the eclectic and artsy decor, which I love, because it was a refreshing change from what we normally fund in Vegas. The staff was pretty cool too.BUT.... I will never book my own stay here or come to hang at the bar. The drinks were not good and way over priced. The carpet in my friend's suite was so dirty the bottom of my yellow flip flops turned black, only I didn't realize this until I checked them because I had taken them off and the carpet felt sticky on my bare feet. There was an ashtray sitting outside the window, which was full, and trash strewn across the roof was our view. Bathroom fixtures were broken and the radio/dvd player didn't work.EVEN WORSE was the fact that we came out of the room TWICE to a creeper with his ear plastered to our door. What was supposed to be a chill evening evening turned into us escaping to the Las Vegas strip to relax.
2	Didn't actually stay here, although I considered it when I was making Vegas reservations, the only thing I'm reviewing is the pool.After spending close to $400 yesterday at our hotel's dayclub pool, the hubs and I decided to go in a different direction and go off strip to this boutique hotel.Not the warmest welcome at the desk. We were completely ignored by the only employee at the desk for a solid minute before another employee greeted and directed us to the pool. The decor kinda worked! I liked the dark red velvety interior. It was clean and even though it's small, The Artisan is really pretty nice.We had our choice of daybeds and cabanas FREE OF CHARGE, and the pool all to ourselves. How's that for Vegas! I also didn't get harassed for swimming without my top. That was nice. The music was good, and at a reasonable volume. The water was cool, and felt GREAT! I will say, the cabanas and daybeds could use some maintenance.Unfortunately, no food or beverages were available for purchase. Never thought I'd be starving in a city where you can get anything at any time of day, but there you go. Also, there was some construction going on in the parking lot or side road, the noise and smell were nauseating!Eventually two other groups came, not our crowd, but I wouldn't have minded if they didn't smoke and didn't turn on their tv...and walk away.If you're going to go this way, I recommend bringing your own food and beverages! We probably would've stayed longer if we could get something made...or delivered.
4	I like to suggest this place to my friends when visiting from out of town. It's a great weekend after hours club.  During the week, it can be pretty slow but sometimes they have "themed" nights that attract the locals. The dj's they have play really get the crowd going.  If you didn't know.... Locals can get a free bottle (sky) and mixers for free during your birthday month (just have to pay taxes and gratuity). Call to make reservations.  I've also stayed in the hotel and had a great experience. Didn't seem too loud considering the after hour partying going on in the lobby area. Hotel was clean and had room service in the morning. Overall, a fun place to check out.
4	We enjoyed our stay here very much. Booked it a couple says in advance. Was a good $40 cheaper than most of the hotels on the strip. We paid $80 each for Friday and Saturday night and another $40 for Sunday. Those prices do not include their resort fee of $10 a night that gives access to the pool, valet and parties for free. The decor was beautiful. Very gothic. Each room was named after an artist and had their artwork all over the inside of the room. I enjoyed the shower and the large bed. We had some issues with the TV, but we weren't in Vegas to watch television. Our room had a fabulous view of the strip as well.Staff was all very friendly and helpful, from the bartenders to the front desk staff to the maids. Our best experience was with one of the valets. I wish I had gotten his name, but he worked Friday, September 25th during the day and he was absolutely fabulous.THIS IS NOT A FAMILY HOTEL. It is meant for young couples and singles. It is known as an after-hours hot spot so there is loud music until 8am. if you are going to Vegas to catch up on sleep, this is not the hotel for you.It's close to the strip, but not on the strip. It was a quick 5 minute drive for us. It's a good choice if you want a boutique feel, but don't want to pay the ridiculous prices to stay on the strip.We would most definitely stay here again.
3	I shan't bore you with the tale of how it came to be that I was made to dwell in this party-man's cave of a hotel for nigh on two full moons, but it happened.  My colleagues and I called it 'home' for a summer and together, we occupied three of its five stories and had unlimited use of its facilities including its chapel and its meeting rooms.   It was in every aspect as epic as it was tragic.     EPIC: If a sociopath of the 19th century, a painter of the royal court from the 18th century just before the French revolution, and modern tattoo artist off Hollywood blvd. had met in Vegas and set off on an entrepreneurial venture, this'd be their brainchild.TRAGICALLY EPIC: It's completely off the strip so I definitely think it's more a place for locals and/or for youngsters who strictly like to party rather than to gamble (there is no casino).  It's pretty noisy and NOT a relaxation spot.  Depending on which room and floor you're staying on, you can feel the vibrations of the party all day and night.  During the day, from the topless-pool festivities, and during the night, from the night club that takes over the lounge and bar area.  Everything is very dark, and the red mood lighting in the hallways that lead to your room feels slightly like you're approaching Dante's inferno.  There are no shortages of mirrors gaudily decking the walls and ceilings, nor of famous painting-reproductions framed in three+ solid inches of gilded filigree. It's a little seedy but it really hold's its own charm.  TRAGIC:  The rooms are not dirty... they just aren't the cleanest you've seen, and when it's as dark as it is here, it just doesn't FEEL as fresh as you'd like it to feel in an hotel.  Nonetheless, every single staff member from the valet to the front desk was pleasant and accommodating- even after they'd had to deal with my group asking them to do back flips for as long as we did.  There is only one elevator and it is slow. There is no ice at your disposal.  In fact, if you need ice, you'll have to go down to the bar and request it from the bartender. (Major losses on that one.) EPICALLY TRAGIC:  There are there are three types of rooms available: the artisan classic, the boutique suite, and the masterpiece suite (which tragically, there is only one of).  I do not recommend staying at this hotel unless you are very low maintenance, but if you're ready to party it up, feel young, and want to do things a little differently, pay up and book that masterpiece suite because it's super fun in there.  It's spacious, there are two bathrooms, couches, walk-in closets, and a pocket-ball table you can play or have sex on whilst watching yourselves on the mirrors glued to the ceiling.   This place is not my cup of tea, but even I must admit, it grew on me.  I would personally give it 2 stars- but I have no trouble seeing how some folks would love it.
4	A friend and I booked a room here for the prices. We were impressed with the dim lighting and eclectic decor. It was decorated for Halloween which only added to the ambiance of the hotel. It is like entering an art museum. There are paintings lining the walls and tiny guilded mirrors randomly placed covering the ceilings. The club is mostly after hours and the music is great and is loud and gets the energy going. The hallways are covered in interesting art work and paintings. It is a very sexy hotel and although we didn't notice very much or were approached or made to feel uncomfortable by anyone we were told by other visitors that it is a notorious swinger's hotel. The hotel motto is "Everything you can imagine is real" and they were right. It's a very laid back hotel and the staff treats you like old friends and you will get to know everyone in just a few short days.  They go above and beyond to meet any needs or demands. They will have you sign a release saying you will be able to hear the music in your room until 8am. It is true that you can hear the bass but it IS vegas and if u party hard enough its hardly noticeable! We liked being able to just stay at the hotel to party at night. It gets busy after 3 and full of locals. The floors weren't very noisy in the hallways of the hotel,  in fact we rarely saw anyone else. The view from our room was air conditioners on the roof but we weren't staying for the view. My only real complaint was that their restaurant doesnt open until 5pm and no breakfast or brunch is offered. They will give you tons of close by options if you ask. Hash House was the best recommendation for breakfast. Michael is the manager and loves his job and it shows in the pride he takes to make sure you are satisfied with your stay. There were perks with our reservation like a complementary bottle of champagne. It is a valet only hotel and the valet guys are friendly, funny and laid back. Ryan at Valet made our visit so much more fun and was so helpful with assisting us in getting around. We would hang out at the bar during slow hours just to talk to the bartenders. They were so fun and friendly. Definitely a great stay. Will DEFINITELY stay here every time I come back to Vegas. Came there for the cheaper priced rooms but will return because of the staff.
1	Horrible place to stay at. Security and even management do not take their job serious. Even after hours, Dj, security and friends do not know how to manage their job. Sad to say, NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN!!!! Wish there was no stars for this review. Some professionalism please?
4	I found this boutique hotel dark and mysterious which I like because it was unique.The ceilings is full of mirrors and designed like a dungeon, renaissance mansion type.  There are framed picture on the ceilings, lots of brass, velvet, blood red, and dimly lit areas throughout the hotel. My friends and I went there on a Rock and Roll Thursday, we went to the bar inside the hotel, a small bottle of water was $6 that's was pricey ! but she charged me $3 because it was happy hour LOL! I love the cute toptional pool. I heard this place is known for after hours party.
2	Review for pre halloween night.They advertised a costume contest. We got there and the girl in the ticket window asked if we wanted to be in the contest and put our names down on a list with a lot of others on it. Asked what time the contest was, she said 2am.Come 2am and the DJ announces for everyone who wants in the contest to come to the dance floor. (The dance floor is not a dance floor. It is the walkway between the main huge room, which sits unused, and the outside smoking patio.) Everyone gets there and we wait. And wait. And wait. People start chanting "Contest! Contest! Contest!" Still nothing. Then the dj plays a Phil Collins song. WTF. Then at least two mins of DEAD air. I thought the dj would start the contest then. NOPE. Goes back to playing music. We waited until 3am and still no contest. A lot of people wearing decent costumes started leaving. By now we were pissed so we left also.Don't advertise a contest if you aren't going to have one. And don't pretend to have one, if you don't plan on giving out prizes. Or don't call people up to the contest only to not have it.Two stars for place looks cool, and no cover, but seriously, this place needs work. Like why can't the big room you enter in have the dance floor? Why can't you give the dj a proper place to spin? Why do you have lighted stairways not roped off when you don't let people up on them?Bouncers were cool though.
1	Before I get into the negatives, I just want to say that the staff is wonderful! They were very nice and super helpful. I also appreciated the complementary valet but despite this I will never stay here again. I love the idea behind this hotel and thought the lobby was pretty cool looking which made a good first impression. But as soon as you step into the elevator you can tell this is just an older hotel thats been given a quickie makeover. There is no real convenience shop for toiletries and such just a small cabinet behind the check in counter. Also if you want food you need to leave the hotel or order delivery. The room was an average size but had minimal pillows and even with all the lights on in the room the lighting was still very dim. Our room also had some type of burn on the toilet seat lid and a big patch on the ceiling. The handle to turn on the shower got stuck halfway up so the water temperature was limited as well. However, I would say the worst part is the noise level. The first night we could hear every word of our neighbor's drunken argument because of the thin walls. The second night we were told the rooftop pool party always lasts until 6 in the morning and since we were on the top floor the music felt like it was being pumped directly into our room. To sum up, if you don't care about getting any sleep or having a pleasant shower then feel free to stay here. Otherwise I would only recommend coming here for the parties.
3	Cool place to tour if you like The Masters, as in artwork. Try to check out some of the guest rooms. Very cool decor. Loved live music by pool.
2	My hubbie found this hotel for our one-nite mid-week pass through Vegas on the way to Zion.  It was very cheap thank god.  Overall the hotel seems like a nightclub with a hotel in it.  The whole interior of the hotel is very very dark, like a medieval castle,  with a bunch of cheap reproductions of the Masters painters plastered all over the walls and ceiling.  Also small mirrors are all over the ceiling.  All of them were hung at an angle.  This was someone's idea of being different and unique, but WTF!  Also saw a suit of armor in the lobby and other furnishings from a medieval version of Architectural Digest.The hallway on our floor looked the same and each room was named after a famous painter.  Think we were in the Mary Cassatt room.  Our room was nice with a big comfy bed, but again those bizarre painting all hung at an angle. Our view, and use that word loosely, was of the freeway off ramp.As I mentioned it does have a nightclub in the hotel, so if you are in your 20's maybe that's all you want!
3	Before booking know that there is a $150 deposit, This hotel is nice deafly not your normal hotel, love the art throughout the hotel, the room is nice and clean bed was comfortable, the bar downstairs is very overpriced but what you expect in Vegas, our drinks very good though, if you're looking for hotel it's a little bit different but very nicethis is a place for you, the valet parking was also a nice treat, only getting three stars because the rooms were lacking in maintenance, and the hundred and $150 deposit kinda sucked and we didn't know about it until we got thereEdited: As promised the 150$ was refunded within 5 days
3	Stayed here with a friend who was visiting from out of town and booked the room. Heard of the hotel from locals who visited the bar and pool. From the minute you pull up in the drive way you get a good impression even though the neighborhood is questionable.   The driveway is shaded with trees and gives you a feeling of California. The valet is free which is great because you don't wanna park on the street here and walk up.   Walking in the lobby takes you to a different world with an old work feeling. Old furniture and art on the ceiling.You can tell it was a run down hotel with a fun remodel but they didn't completely redo the building.   Staff is nice and helpful but you get a smell of a smoke which I cannot stand.   The rooms are extremely run down and beds are not comfy and soft. You get 2 small lumpy pillows and one thin blanket. Rooms seem clean but smell like cigarettes. Ceilings look like asbestos pop corn and carpet is dirty and sticky. TV is old and room is dark. We had a view of a freeway exit ramp and could hear traffic and horns honking all night. Walls are paper thin.  When I used the shower the tub started filling with water. I looked in the drain and saw a hair ball. Gross. The housekeeper was there immediately to help and was very nice. Overall thought is was a cool place for price but not comfortable and relaxing.
3	I enjoyed the Artisan.  They really do the theme well.  It's a little spooky, but in a fun way that reminds me of an old Hollywood thriller (a la Alfred Hitchcock).  The staff is friendly, and its modest size is a nice break from the crowds on the strip.Two things that knocked down the rating of this otherwise great hotel.  First, the location is a little awkward.  It's probably not a problem if you're driving, but if you're taking the bus be aware that the bus stop is a little ways away, and you have to cross under a highway overpass on foot, which isn't a great feeling late at night (although the surrounding area is well lit and feels safe).  Secondly, it's not perfectly equipped.  Our room was a little cold, so we called and asked for blankets, but they didn't have any.I would recommend staying here, but if the price is the same as hotels downtown, the downtown hotels will probably be more convenient for most attractions (especially if traveling by bus).
3	Do not come here after 6pm unless you enjoy expensive cocktails .  $12 for a captain and coke. Ouch . Great place but come on ..
4	A friend gifted me a stay here. Room was clean and staff was friendly. Love the artwork and vibe of the place. Although others reviewers complained of the noise, I found the place to be pretty quiet and nice departure from the busy strip. Only complaint is that there was a leak in our bathroom, which maintenance said leaked on the bar downstairs. The rooms could use a little bit of remodeling. All in all, I had a good "staycation!"
